Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-john-solomon-reports-podcast-may-28-2023

Amanda Head: We are here at beautiful Mar-a-Lago with the 45th President of the United States. Mr. President, thank you so much for allowing us time to ask you a few questions.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Amanda Head: During your administration, not only that, but also during your campaign, you ushered in a new Republican Party, a big tent Republican Party, and we saw waves of blacks and Hispanics move over to the Republican Party. We are 35 days out from the midterms. What is your advice to Republicans to seize on that movement?

Amanda Head: And what do Democrats do wrong to send people running?

Donald Trump: Well, you know, it's very interesting when you talk about the tremendous Hispanic population that's come and the African American population. They want to see no crime because, you know, they're the biggest victims, in the truest sense of the word. They want no crime and they want borders. What people didn't know about the Hispanic when I talked about the wall, the wall, the wall, and then we built the wall and then we want to build more wall and all of this, that the people that most wanted it were the Hispanics because they knew it was coming over.

Donald Trump: They knew the problems they were going to have. So, I really think that you have to talk about more than anything else, obviously, the economic, the financial, all of the things-inflation. But you have to talk about crime because they're so badly affected by it. And the Republicans have a big advantage on crime.

Donald Trump: I mean, how can you have not a big advantage when you look at defund the police. These people still want and they still talk about defunding the police. So I think it really should be very good for Republicans.

John Solomon: And that it is. Sir, you've had two big legal actions in the last two days. You sued CNN for $475 million and, today, you took it to the Supreme Court challenging the Justice Biden Justice Department. Tell us about both of those and why they're important to your future.

Donald Trump: Well, with CNN, it's just like incredible. They just say anything. You know, probably better than anybody, John. They'll say whatever comes to mind, they talk about the big lie. I said, well, prove the big lie. The big lie is not a big lie at all. It's the opposite. The big lie is the opposite. All the stats, we have everything.

Donald Trump: Unfortunately, we haven't had judges that want to look at it, they don't want to change elections, etc. But you show us it's a big lie. They will never be able to do that. And so, we sued CNN for a lot of money, and we'll see how that goes. I think it should go very well. And the other is just a continuation of the weaponization of the Justice Department and the FBI. You know, if you look, and you covered it brilliantly, you look at the warehouses that the Bushies have, warehouses that are totally unsecured.

Donald Trump: One of them has a broken front door. You can walk in if you want, and this is where they have all their records. You look at the 33,000 -- think of this, 33,000 Hillary Clinton deleted emails. You look at what happened with her husband where they lost thousands and thousands of papers and documents, and that happened with Bush, too.

Donald Trump: And you look at all of the complexities and what happened with Obama, and then they talk about us. I think we were the most secure place. You take a look at this; we were probably the most secure. So it's a weaponization by the DOJ. And I think it's just something that has to stop. So we -- uh, we fight that battle.

Donald Trump: I think we're doing very well in that battle, and I think the public agrees with us because you know better than anybody, my poll numbers are higher now than they ever were. So, I think the public understands what's happening.

Amanda Head: Mr. President, John and I have both remarked how your demeanor out at rallies, I mean, you have thousands and thousands of people at these rallies who are so excited to be there and see you. And your demeanor is very similar to what it was in 2015 and 2016, when you were running for President. Do you have anything to say?

Amanda Head: Do you have anything to announce?

Donald Trump: Well, it's a very interesting statement and I appreciate it. I think that's very nice. But if you think about it, I did much better in 2020 than I did in 2016. I got 12 million more votes. We had, uh, 63 and then we ended up with at least 12 million, I say much more than 12 million more votes. So, people will often say, what was the difference between 2016 and 2020? And I'll say, well, actually, the difference was we just did better rallies, we were much better.

Donald Trump: We did a much better job in 2020, but things happened that should never be allowed to happen again because what you say, and I don't want to have your show canceled, so what you might do is you might just cut this question out because --

John Solomon: -- No, we won't do that.

Donald Trump: if you leave this answer, you'll probably be censured and canceled.

John Solomon: They already let us about it.

Amanda Head: No, what I really want to know is that trend, is that going to continue in 2024?

Donald Trump: I think it will. I think that if I decide to do it, look, the rallies, you've seen the rallies, I think they're bigger than ever. We were in Alabama, we had 63,000. We were in Texas, we had 87,000 people show up and the one in Ohio, the one the other night in Michigan, I mean. these are tremendous rallies that are packed.

Donald Trump: And it's, uh, they say the greatest show on Earth. I don't know why, but they say it's the greatest show on Earth. We have a lot of fun at the rallies and the people love it and it's very good. I think it's very good for the country.

John Solomon: Yeah, as you look out, you have done a good job of identifying what it is that Biden did wrong. If you look ahead in 2024, whoever president, whoever the president is, who -- what are the first few steps they need to do to reverse what Joe Biden has put into motion.

Donald Trump: Well, so many things should have never happened. Ukraine with Russia should have never happened. It would have never happened, if I were president. I would have never; I can say that with 100 percent. I think he saw probably Putin looked and he saw the disaster in Afghanistan, one of the most embarrassing .probably the most embarrassing period of time in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: And he said, wow, this is my chance, but because he always wanted it; I knew that. But -- and I had a very good relationship with him. He would have never happened and you may have Taiwan happening now, too; we'll see. But there are a lot of things that you wouldn't have done. First of all, the border. We had the border sealed up and beautiful as good, I guess probably, everybody reports it. So I'll say it, but we had the strongest border in the history of the country, southern border.

Donald Trump: And now it's the worst border, I think ever, anywhere. There's -- I say in the rallies, there is no third world country that would allow millions of people to come in totally unchecked from prisons, from all over the world. I mean, we have over 129 countries last month where people came in. That would mean you have 129 prison systems, I guess, in some form.

Donald Trump: And those people are being allowed into our country and being ushered into our country, and it's just sick. So that's a big thing. And of course, energy, because energy started this whole disaster. And you know, again, without the energy, you wouldn't have had Afghanistan and you wouldn't have had certain things happening.

Donald Trump: But you take a look at energy with Ukraine, energy with almost everything involves energy. If you make donuts, if you make -- anything you make has to do. And when they ended our energy, we were energy independent. Think of this, we were energy independent, we were soon going to be energy dominant. We would have been bigger than Saudi Arabia and Russia, combined.

Donald Trump: And I won't say times two, but pretty close to times two. We were going to supply the world and they just ended it. It was shocking, the shock. And that caused -- that started the rise of inflation. It also gave Putin so much money because remember, we had it down to $40 a barrel. When it went up to $130 a barrel, that war is very inexpensive, by comparison to the kind of money he was taking in. So that would have -- and that's another way of stopping it, by the way.

Donald Trump: If you could get it down to $40, $50 a barrel, he wouldn't be able to have the war. It would stop. Other than that, you'd have to talk to him and you have to reason with him. But that should have never ever happened, so it's a very sad,. But I'd strengthen the border and I'd give us plenty of energy and I'd stop with all the nonsense because it's so sad.

Donald Trump: I mean, when you look at the stupidity of all electric cars, you have no choice, they don't go very long. You know, I have a friend, he wants to take a drive in the country, but he doesn't have enough -- and he juices it up, it takes him hours and hours and then if he gets stuck, he's in big trouble. He's in big trouble.

Donald Trump: They don't go long enough, and it's the whole thing is ridiculous. Let the market take care of that, but you have to bring back the energy. You have to bring it back, you have to stop with the windmills all over the place that are all made in China, by the way -- and Germany, but mostly in China. And I think, very importantly, we have to seal up our border fast.

Donald Trump: And we have to get the bad cookies; we have to get them out of our country because we have terrorists here. We have people that came in, not only on the plane from Afghanistan, you know, that ride from Afghanistan. If you take a look at the people on the plane, those were not -- those were the strongest and the fittest and the people that could rush the plane the best, okay.

Donald Trump: You're going to pay a big price for those flights, and you're going to pay a bigger price for all of the people that are coming in from all over the world, 129, 133, 100 -- I guess two months ago, it was 135 different countries. Most people don't even know you have that many countries. So, we have a lot of -- we have a lot of work to do. The biggest problem is millions and millions of people are here.

Donald Trump: Now you say, how do you get them out? How do you get them out? How do you get -- because I believe the number is probably 10 million, not 3 or 4 million. You know, they say 2 million; it's not 2 million, but I believe the real number is 10 million. So that's like bigger than New York City at 8 million, bigger than New York City.

Donald Trump: And I think the numbers may be much higher than that. And many of those people are not people that we want in our country. And the Hispanics know that, by the way. They know it better than we do. They know -- they know it so well. And that's why they voted for me in such big numbers. You look at my Miami numbers, in Miami, what I did, nobody's ever seen numbers like that as a Republican.

Donald Trump: And they felt that they were going to be secure and that's what they were. Not so much now.

Amanda Head: No, and along those lines, a moment ago, you mentioned defunding the police. And there seemed to be a lot of policies that Democrats heading into midterms maybe don't want to discuss because you're seeing Democrats like Katie Hobbs and John Fetterman and Mandela Barnes not wanting to debate but also, Republicans.

Amanda Head: Who suffers more, Republicans or Democrats, when they don't show up to debate and give answers to the electorate.

Donald Trump: Well, you have to debate and it's going to be very interesting because Oz is a very good man. He wants to debate and Fetterman, who is actually somebody that always got a lot of votes, but now he's not the same person. And you know, the people of Pennsylvania need somebody that's going to be out there and making a case for Pennsylvania, whether it's energy which, by the way, they're killing -- the Democrats have killed the energy industry in Pennsylvania and, obviously, Texas and Oklahoma and every other place.

Donald Trump: But you look at what's happened with what they've done to jobs, and Fetterman cannot go and, you know, do it effectively. And Oz is a very capable guy. Now they say they have a debate coming up, but the debate is long after the -- the fake votes. You know, I call them the fake votes start, that's the mail-in ballots.

Donald Trump: We shouldn't have mail-in ballots, unless somebody is very, very sick or it's military far away. We should go to paper ballots like they did in France, 36 million people. They had no disputes. They had no anything -- those paper ballots, and it was one day voting. They didn't store them over there in the corner.

Donald Trump: And you see the boxes moving all over the place. They didn't do that. They should go to one day voting, they should go to paper ballots, and you would have elections that everybody could be proud of because, right now, this country is a laughing stock. All over the world, they're laughing at our stupid elections.

Donald Trump: But with all of that being said, they have a debate in Pennsylvania that's long into the mail-in ballots. So a lot of the ballots will be already in. And I had that, too, with -- with, uh, Biden, where I was the second debate -- was a great debate. But so many of the ballots were already in. I mean, they used -- they used the pandemic, they used COVID, or as I call it, because I want to be accurate, the China virus.

Donald Trump: But they used the China virus, in order to cheat. So, a lot of these ballots were already in. Where they came from, nobody knows, but they came. And the debate, well, they have the same thing. They have a debate after a lot of the votes are already cast so, you know, and I have a feeling he's not going to show up to that debate.

Donald Trump: He'll find some reason that he's not going to show up.

John Solomon: Sir, you have dealt with censorship and cancel culture, unlike any American politician in history. You've tried to create the solutions, you have Truth, you've helped Bolsonaro in Brazil. Um, when you look now that there's evidence that the government itself is assisting this for over the last few years, what would you do to get federal agencies out of the business of refereeing speech in America?

Donald Trump: Well, the elections have been unfair for so many reasons. Number one, stuffing the ballot box, and that's sort of the easy one. Everyone sees it, whether it's 2,000 mules or hundreds of other ways and using the pandemic, as we said. But you know, now we're finding things like the FBI telling Facebook, don't go there, don't use it, that's on the Biden.

Donald Trump: Now if you look at your favorite pollsters, like John McLaughlin came up with a poll and he said it's a 17 point difference, 17 points; I won anyway. But 17 points is, you know, that's big stuff. Had they been allowed to use that -- and they were virtually, I don't know if they were told or asked not to, or convince not, to but whatever, they were not able to use it. And I saw it in New York where only the New York Post went with it and throughout the country, nobody else.

Donald Trump: And then, even the New York Post was canceled, if you remember. You couldn't talk about that subject. And there are still subjects you can't talk about. Well, you can't talk about -- they don't let you talk about the election. That's why you'll probably have to cut half of this stuff out. But otherwise, you won't have a show, they'll say that shows off the air.

Donald Trump: But I have a feeling you two are going to be just fine. But they don't talk about the election.

John Solomon: No, they don't.

Donald Trump: The election is the number one thing they will not talk about because they know they can't justify it. They know the numbers are fake, and there's tremendous evidence. You know, the Unselect Committee of political, I always say political thugs and thieves and you know, the people on that committee, there's some real beauties, right.

Donald Trump: But the Unselect Committees, when you look at it, they didn't do anything on the election fraud. They -- they only do people that are talking about wanting fair elections. In other words, people that are questioning the election, those people have gone through hell, but they didn't do anything to the people that cheated, who were numerous and they know who they are.

Donald Trump: And they also didn't talk about the fact that I recommended 10 to 20,000 soldiers through the Secretary of Defense and other people there. And if you had not 10,000 or 20,000, but 500 soldiers or 250 soldiers, you wouldn't have a January 6th, as it was. And they don't talk about that. It's pretty amazing when you think of it.

John Solomon: Yeah, they found those documents, you definitely ordered them January 2nd, they were offered on January 2nd.

Amanda Head: We reported on it a lot.

Donald Trump: Pretty amazing, right.

Amanda Head: Mr. President, you fly all over the country, you have your finger on the pulse of -- of American sentiment. But two months ago, roughly, the FBI descended upon this property and rifled through your property. A lot of folks have talked about how they can reform the FBI. What needs to happen, uh, for -- for Americans' trust to be re-instilled in the FBI? Your thoughts.

Donald Trump: Well, they've got a long way to go. This is a bad thing for them. It was a bad thing for the country. The world was watching, and we got some beautiful helicopter shots of the property. It's a beautiful property, but the world was watching when they did that, and that was an incredible thing to do. It was a horrible thing to do. It's like a police state, and a lot of people are saying that our country has gone down in so many different ways.

Donald Trump: When you look at what's happening with the financial, when you look at what's -- what this terrible -- look, inflation is just eating our people alive, it's eating them alive. And now, it's going higher and higher. And I don't know if you've been watching, but over the last three or four days, energy prices are going much higher.

Donald Trump: So, so many things are wrong, but when that happened, it really set our country back. Now you can only say and you can only hope that that's going to be a good thing because we'll learn by it, and they'll do whatever has to be done. But it all starts from the top, it has to start from the top. And I can say, you know, we ran an operation that was much different, they didn't do this kind of thing.

Donald Trump: This -- this is endemic to Democrats. And when you look at voting and voting fraud, it just seems that Democrats do it and they do it very well. And that's all they do very well because you know, when you look -- and I say this on occasion, defund the police, no voter ID. I mean, all of these things -- open borders -- open.

Donald Trump: Who wants open borders with people coming in by the millions, millions and millions? And again, I believe ten, maybe even 12 million people, not 3 million people, but who wants these things. Uh, high energy prices, no fuel, no this, everything has to be for a car that goes for an hour and a half and then you have to do something.

Donald Trump: I don't know what you do, you get out and you start and then --

John Solomon: -- Over this, and we're there.

Donald Trump: -- the time it takes to, you know, to run. I have to tell. So there's a certain Congressman, nice guy in a certain state and he always drives into Washington and he's very -- it's like a six, seven hour drive, but he always -- he said this drive has turned out to be a disaster. He wanted to do his thing for the environment, which it doesn't help the environment because when you look at what they have to do to the ground, to our earth.

Donald Trump: And by the way, everything is located in China. We have oil under our feet for gasoline, but everything over there is located. This is like a Chinese dream because all of the minerals, all of the -- everything they need to make that battery just the way they want it, it's located in China or areas like the Congo that -- it sounds to me like China controls the Congo because they're smart.

Donald Trump: They said that's where we have a certain something. But think of it, these batteries, everything comes from China, and we have everything here. They don't need that, anymore. We have I call it liquid gold. We have all this liquid gold under our feet, and they don't want to use it. So it's very sad. But we can only hope that -- things are so foolish, so stupid right now, and you know, the American people have a lot of common sense.

Donald Trump: When people say are you conservative, I say no, I'm a common sense person. You can call it conservative or call me a radical liberal. I don't care; it's called common sense. We want borders. We want a strong military. We want great education. We want low interest rates, as low as we can. That's another thing that's happening.

Donald Trump: The interest rates are going through the roof. So there are a lot of problems with this country, right now. We had it -- this was prior to COVID coming. In the day before, there was nobody, I mean, there was never a country like this. We were just African American, Asian American Hispanic American, women, men.

Donald Trump: Education, no, number one in your class at MIT or you don't have a high school diploma. Everybody was doing well, and the country was coming together. I was saying the other day, I was telling people, how do you get the country together? When we were just prior to COVID, it was so good. I was getting calls from people that you would be shocked, you would have a major news story, okay, because he likes those news stories, but he would have breaking news.

Donald Trump: But I was getting calls from people that I would have never even thought, can we get together, the country's doing well. I mean, it was amazing. And then we had COVID and then we did it again, and we did Operation Warp Speed and did a great job with that. Never got the right credit for that but that's okay; never get credit for anything.

Donald Trump: But we did a great job and then it came and we handed back a higher stock market than it is, today, pretty amazing. And by the way, a higher stock market that was even pre-COVID, which is even more amazing when you think about it. But the one thing that, if you look at the horrible thing that the country -- the horrible experience that the country is having right now.

Donald Trump: And we're hurting the world very badly, too, and the world is hurting us also because they don't think about America first; they think about themselves, first. But the whole world is actually doing very, very badly, if you look. But the one thing is that when we do what has to be done, people will accept it. And maybe especially on crime because you can't let packs of people, not necessarily young people either, packs of thugs by the hundreds, walk into a big store, run in through the windows, break the glass, break the doors and then just steal everything in a matter of minutes and have the police out there not doing anything.

Donald Trump: Not their fault because they're told not to do it. And if they do do it, they're going to lose their pension, they're going to lose their job, they're going to lose their family. You have to give authority back to the police; they know how to stop this stuff. But when you look at the kinds of crime and then you have the individuals just beating up people coming out of nowhere and whacking somebody on the back of the head with a bat.

Donald Trump: I mean, I don't -- I've been watching the news for a long time. I've never seen anything like what's going on now. This is like -- this is not civilization anymore. So, I do believe that it will be very acceptable to do what you have to do to get the country back on track. Even other foreign countries, I have friends in France, I have friends in other places, and they call and they see the same kind of crime scenes that we have, you know, punching people in the face, beating up the woman the other day so badly, so horribly, kicking her in the face so viciously.

Donald Trump: And they see that in France, you know, it's played all over the world. This isn't played like just within our borders. And they call and they say, is it really that bad? I said no, it's worse -- it's worse. So, we have to authorize our police to do what you have to do because nobody can live like that. People are afraid to walk outside to buy a loaf of bread, and we have to change that.

John Solomon: Mr. President, I got to go, just one last question. People are going to walk into that ballot box on November 8th. What's the question you want them to ask, before they pull that lever?

Donald Trump: Well, I think they're going to start by asking who's going to solve crime. And that's Republicans because it really is going to be who's going to solve crime. And the second question, some people think it's the first, I think it's maybe the second, is inflation, because inflation is absolutely killing the American family.

Donald Trump: It's killing businesses, killing everybody, but inflation is a real problem. We also have a dollar, you know, it sounds good to say a strong dollar, but the other currencies are purposely weak, and they're stealing all our business. You know, it's too long and too complicated to talk about, but having a strong dollar makes it -- makes it very hard for the United States to sell caterpillar tractors that are made here.

Donald Trump: It makes it very hard for people to come here. I have properties in Europe that are doing unbelievable business because the pound is way down. In Japan, the yen is down. In China, their currency is way, way down. I used to fight with China. I said you're not going to let your currency go down any further.

Donald Trump: We used to have fights over it, the yuan. And I'd say you can't do it, setting records, and I fought them very hard. And I had to at least get up because you know when it goes down to a certain level, our companies and this country can't compete with it, you take a look at what's happening. And it sounds great to have a strong dollar; sounds great.

Donald Trump: But it's usually inverse, if that makes sense, and it makes it very hard for us to compete. There are some advantages to it, but there's some tremendous disadvantages, and it's really hurting the country.

John Solomon: Well, Mr. President, on behalf of Real America's Voice and just thank you for spending so much time with us today, and we look forward to interviewing again, sometime. Thank you.

Donald Trump: I want to thank you for doing a great job. You are a courageous man, and I want to thank you and compliment you on behalf of a lot of people.

John Solomon: Thank you, sir, it means a lot.

Donald Trump: Thank you, John. Thank you very much.