Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-john-solomon-reports-podcast-september-1-2023

Sean Hannity: Actually, I see that President Donald Trump is with us, now. Uh, Mr. President, so you're going 100 miles an hour. How many days were you on the road, since you've taken a day off?

Donald Trump: Yeah, actually about 125 miles an hour, um.

Sean Hannity: One hundred, twenty-five miles an hour.

Donald Trump: As of four days, so I would be 66, 66 days in a row, without a day off. I haven't done anything but this kind of stuff. And, uh, it's been interesting, all of a sudden now I'm waiting. You said it before, I'm waiting to hear what's going on, but I hear we're doing well.

Sean Hannity: Yeah, 125 miles an hour, then you stop. Uh, in between that, and this -- this is the serious part of it. You know, you hear about Iranian hit squads and two assassination, two assassins with you -- come within a millimeter of losing your life, um, and you just keep going. I mean, a lot of your fans wonder how you do that.

Donald Trump: Well, I try not to think about it, I guess I would say, plus I had good parents; you understand. I had parents who were, I guess, I think a certain way. But I really, uh, I like to put it out of my mind and just go forward. I'm doing the right thing and -- and we'll just have to see what happens. I have very good protection.

Donald Trump: I have very strong tough people that shoot well and, uh --

Sean Hannity: -- You're talking about the Secret Service protecting you, yes?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I think I do, I think. You know, they really didn't provide me with very good service because the, uh, assets, as they call them, were not made readily available to Secret Service. So you know it's, uh --

Sean Hannity: -- Well that that was wrong, too, and that that story does need to be told. And -- and I was actually invited by your friend, Steve Witkoff, our mutual friend, to go golfing with you that day. They didn't even sweep the area where no paparazzi goes. Um, you didn't get home till what time last night, about 5:30 in the morning?

Donald Trump: Something 5:30; yes, 5:30 from Michigan. Grand Rapids was your last stop. I was actually watching it, and -- and I couldn't believe the energy that you had. How are you feeling today? Did you sleep a lot today or did you crash or you just up all day? Feel good. I would say the voice is not meant -- when God gave you a voice, he didn't mean it to be doing for you.

Sean Hannity: You do. I mean, when I lose my voice, I lose it when I'm giving speeches. I can do three hours of radio and an hour of TV, fine. But when I do three hours of radio, one hour of TV, give an hour and a half speech, do a three or four hour book signing and then do it, you know, six weeks in a row, I'm losing it within a week.

Sean Hannity: And then you have to lower the inflammation of your vocal cords. It's a whole process for me. But I know, whenever I get sick, it goes there. Uh, so you've been, uh, you didn't really, really even get much sleep tonight. I assume you're not going to get a lot of sleep tonight. Let me ask you this.

Donald Trump: You know, Sean, when you come home, it's 5:00, 530 in the morning, and then you have a teleconference call at 6:30. You know, you're supposed to be asleep, so you tend not to sleep. And then I don't know, you -- and it's a very exciting time. And I think it's hard to sleep, anyway. So I've been going pretty much.

Donald Trump: And uh, look, it's been a very exciting campaign. I think it's a campaign you have to win. You can't, you know, look, a lot of people are almost finished with the voting now, so we can talk about this. It might not matter so much. I've been talking about it for a year, for two years, but we have to have a border.

Donald Trump: We can't let, you know, murderers into our country. We can't let drug dealers and criminals into our country like we're doing. And you know, it seems to be simple. I think that's the number one thing, and number two would be inflation and the economy. And they're -- they're, as a -- as a combination, they've got to be like 90 percent, as far as I'm concerned.

Donald Trump: But uh, this is what I've been talking about and, you know, I think it's been resonating. I hear we're doing actually well. I hear about, uh, Philadelphia. There's a lot of things going on with Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and I hear about Detroit, you know.

Sean Hannity: But one of the things that you do have is a lot of lawyers and -- and we'll sort that out, over time. Let me ask you this. To the people, I've been telling people, today, that act as though, have the urgency. And -- I and I -- and to me, this election is the biggest choice election in our lifetime. It's a matter of you will secure the borders.

Sean Hannity: They've had open borders. It's a matter of you believe in law and order. They want defund, dismantle, no bail laws and reimagining the police and -- and ICE. You made us energy independent for the first time in 75 years. And you now have the goal of energy dominance, so we will be an energy rich country, the richest on Earth.

Sean Hannity: Uh, you believe, for example, in the Second Amendment right. You don't believe in mandatory gun buybacks. You don't believe in late term abortion, but you -- you know, Kamala lied when she told women that you would sign a national abortion ban, ban IVF or limit it, or even limit contraception. That just was an outright lie of what you've been saying and --

Donald Trump: -- They lied.

Sean Hannity: And you know, all of this has come up and, you know, for the people that still, in these seven states, to the people that haven't voted yet. And the ones that I am urging to vote and I'm saying to them, just assume that your vote will be the determining vote in this election. What do you say to them about -- maybe they're tired, they had a long day at work and -- and how important this vote is in, in Georgia, North Carolina, in -- in the great commonwealth of Pennsylvania, which is always a tough state.

Sean Hannity: Uh, Wisconsin, Michigan, Arizona, Nevada, what do you -- what's your final message to them about the importance of voting?

Donald Trump: Well, what I say to them and they're listening right now, otherwise, I wouldn't be able to say it. Uh, immediately hang up the phone and run out and vote, like immediately.

Sean Hannity: Just bring the transistor radio or boombox with you while you go vote, and you can listen to the show.

Donald Trump: Give Sean his worst radio ratings of off the phone. We'll talk very nicely and nobody should be listening. Everybody has to run down and vote because you know, you have a little time left, and it would be great because we really -- this is really an important election. These people are destroying our country.

Donald Trump: They're destroying our country, and so I would say get off the radio. We will not be insulted. He will have the lowest ratings he's ever had. You'll have a show with absolutely nobody, this big monster radio show will have absolutely nobody listening, and I'd be very happy with that.

Sean Hannity: I -- you know what, I'd be happy with that, too. The -- you know, I am convinced if I ever retired, I'd be the guy driving around in a car, and three to six every afternoon and nine and ten at night, I'd be doing a monologue to myself. And I'd be the caller and I'd be the guest and I'd be the host, and I'd and -- and I probably couldn't stop until I take my last breath, and our good Lord calls me home.

Sean Hannity: Um, thank you so much for the time that you've given us. Now you did make me a promise, when you win this election, you did say I get the first interview when you're in the White House and you do have that scary red button on the desk, that's for a Diet Coke.

Donald Trump: I know, I know and we'll, uh, we will get you down there, absolutely. Sean, you're -- you're a very important voice and you're a great gentleman. You're a fantastic talent. And -- but more importantly, you're a great guy and.

Sean Hannity: Well, thank you.

Donald Trump: I really do.

Sean Hannity: Mr. President, on behalf of everybody that is supporting you, I know elections are hard, you put it all on the line and here you sit and you wait for the results and a lot of us are -- are very grateful because we -- we love our country so much.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Sean Hannity: We love our country. Alright, god bless the USA. God bless you. Thank you sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Sean. Have a good time tonight. Thank you very much.

Sean Hannity: I will, thank you.