Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-monica-crowley-podcast-june-7-2023

Dan Ball: Let's begin with something easy before we get to a lot of the serious questions that Americans are concerned with. I just want to know personally, um, as a dad, as a father, as a family man, how are you and the family doing? I mean, four lawsuits. Your adult children had to testify. Cameras follow you everywhere.

Dan Ball: People call you the worst names. Nobody ever asks the president questions like how were you in the family? How are you holding up through all this?

Donald Trump: Well, the answer is great, and we're saving the country. We have to save it. If we're not going to do it, you're not going to have a country what they're doing. What Biden has done to this country is incredible. Including weaponization. The poll weaponization of political opponents, namely me, because I'm the political opponent.

Donald Trump: I don't think he has any other opponents. And to be honest with you, nobody's ever seen anything like it. We're doing fine. It doesn't bother me like it should -- like it would bother most people. Most people would have left. Look, if I didn't run or if I was in fifth place or fourth place or third place, probably, none of that would have happened.

Donald Trump: It's all weaponization. They're dirty players. They're very illegitimate in so many different ways. Whether it's the votes, the ballots, everything -- nobody's ever seen anything like it. We're like a third world -- we're like a Banana Republic when it comes to elections and when it comes to borders. By the way, two most important things, elections and borders.

Donald Trump: We re a Banana Republic. So, I consider it a badge of honor actually, and it's more than four --

Dan Ball: -- I mean, you've been through -- most people will never go through a fraction of this in their whole life, what you've been put through.

Donald Trump: No, I would say not. Al Capone who was the meanest, toughest of them all, he got indicted one time. They indict me if you mention anything, if you say anything about the crooked election, the rigged election. They say, let's throw an indictment on them because that's one subject they don't want to talk about.

Donald Trump: And you understand why, because you've covered it actually very bravely and very well.

Dan Ball: Thank you.

Donald Trump: And I will --

Dan Ball: -- They haven t knocked on my door yet. I've been waiting.

Donald Trump: Yeah. No. They -- I don't think they will. They're getting -- they're getting a lot of heat right now. [Laughter]

Dan Ball: They are.

Donald Trump: They re getting a lot of heat.

Dan Ball: Can we talk about the economy?

Donald Trump: By the way, where they're really getting the heat are the poll numbers. We're beating Biden by numbers that nobody's ever seen before. So, that's where they're getting the heat. And I don't believe -- if they didn't do it -- the good news, if they didn't do it, I don't think I'd be at numbers like this. I think I'd be winning easily.

Donald Trump: But we're setting record numbers right now. So, what they did is wrong, and I don't think the public's going to allow them to get away with it.

Dan Ball: Let's talk about the economy. That is the number one priority for most every single American family out there right now. We have the most credit card debt. People are paying 7, 8 percent interest when it was two, two and a half under you. Gas prices are double, triple where I live in California. Families are trying to decide, do I put food on the table?

Dan Ball: Senior citizens, how do I buy my medicine and put food on the table? Day 1 up to day 30 of the next Trump administration, what are you going to do to turn this economy around immediately?

Donald Trump: So, it's all much simpler than people would think. We're going to drill baby drill. We're going to get energy way down. That's going to bring interest rates down. That's going to bring the economy back. The economy is horrible. It's absolutely horrible. You know, they're using false numbers. It's like I watched a certain debate the other night, and in particular, one of the candidates was able to use numbers that were like shocking when you think.

Donald Trump: But they were false. Biden does the same thing. He talks about Bidenomics like it's good. Bidenomics is highly inflationary, and it's destroying people. You have inflation that if you add it up is close to 30 percent, and people can't afford it. No salaries have gone up like that. So, number one is we drill, and number two is -- and I think simultaneously -- I'm not even going to say it's number two is we're closing up the border.

Donald Trump: You're going to come into our country legally. And number three is we're going to get -- we're going to have a mass deportation to get the criminals -- we have criminals coming -- every jail in the world is sending their people in jail, and these make our prisoners look like very nice people. They're sending their people in jails and prisons.

Donald Trump: They're sending them in. They're sending people in -- in their mental institutions, in their insane asylums. They say that silence of the lambs, insane asylums. These are really -- these are very sick people.

Dan Ball: We re not getting their best. We see the lines.

Donald Trump: We're not getting --

Dan Ball: -- It-s 20, 30-year-old men --

Donald Trump: -- We're not getting the best, and we're getting a lot of young men. So, last month I just saw the numbers came out. 27,000 young men from China. Now, what's that all about, 27,000? Over a short period of time What was that all about?

Dan Ball: Well, they re buying the farmland here --

Donald Trump: -- Doesn't take long to build an army --

Dan Ball: -- Right.

Donald Trump: Within our country.

Dan Ball: Right.

Donald Trump: Biden is the worst president in the history of our country, and he's the most corrupt president. What he's doing to our country -- just on that alone where people are coming in, right now, they have a -- they have a group of people about 25,000 30,000, a caravan. I think I came up with that name. I don't know.

Donald Trump: I came up with a lot of different names. But they have a caravan floating through Mexico. 25,000 people. And they're going to walk right into our country. Nobody knows who they are. Look, we have coming in from Africa, from South America, from Asia.

Dan Ball: Pakistan. You name it.

Donald Trump: From everywhere. They're coming in. And --

Dan Ball: -- What are the numbers, Mr. President? Because we hear 8.5 million from some folks. We hear 2.5 million --

Donald Trump: -- I think that's -- I think 15. Well, that was a long time ago. They used to say that.

Dan Ball: But in his administration, you think 10 to 15?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I think it's 15 million. I think it's 15 million people. It's bigger than New York State, and that will be by the end of the year. I think it's 15 million.

Dan Ball: What will you do to try and get ahold of the fentanyl crisis? We're going to see 200,000 plus deaths because he's allowed --

Donald Trump: -- So, I had a deal, right, made in China -- largely 90, 95 percent comes through Mexico, comes through the southern border. We had that border so tight. We had the safest border in the history of our country, the best border in terms of human trafficking, in terms of drugs, and in terms of people coming through.

Donald Trump: Nobody had a border. If this guy would have gone to the beach -- he's always in the beach. If he would have gone to the beach, we would have had a country right now that would have been -- it would have been fantastic. All he had to do is leave everything alone. We had the safest, best border. I put up 261 miles of wall.

Donald Trump: People don't like to give me credit for that, but that's OK. And it worked. I mean, walls work and wheels work. You remember. I always said walls and wheels. They never get obsolete.

Dan Ball: What do you do on day one to turn that back around, though? I mean, obviously you re going to call the Border Patrol and say stop letting them in.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Well, it's Border Patrol, it's ICE, and it's local police because they know the bad ones. You have to get the criminals out immediately. We have jails -- the jails all over the world are being emptied into our country. They know -- you know, the local police, their powers have been taken away, a lot of them.

Donald Trump: I mean, you see these people attacking department stores. They attack a department store. Hundreds of them walk in. They clean out major stores. We can't allow that to happen, and you're going to have to take very severe action. And once severe action is taken, like, you know, the kind of action I'm talking about like the old days, you have to take severe action.

Donald Trump: It will stop all over the country. Now they're raiding trucks. I see they're taking FedEx trucks -- trucks -- they're stopping them. And they're --

Dan Ball: -- And you mentioned mass deportation. You plan to --

Donald Trump: -- You have to -- we have no choice.

Dan Ball: To round these millions up and send them home.

Donald Trump: It's a terrible thing to say. Mass deportation. Our country can't hold it. So, you take a look at schools. You take a look at the -- the classrooms. We have people sitting in classrooms that don't speak a word of English. I mean, I'm not blaming them. I feel very badly, but they don't speak a word of English.

Donald Trump: And they're sitting in classrooms, and we can't get our people -- in New York I saw where there was a 94-year-old veteran that was thrown out of his apartment. He was living in an apartment -- a subsidized apartment. They threw him out to put illegal immigrants -- I call them Biden illegal immigrants in. They threw out a 94 -- I believe he was 94. And to put -- and a good man, a real hero.

Donald Trump: They threw him out to put illegal immigrants. Biden illegal immigrants.

Dan Ball: We re treating some illegals better than we're treating men and women who served as a veteran. That upsets me to no end.

Donald Trump: So much better. By the way, do you ever notice they all have cell phones?

Dan Ball: Well, we give them cell phones and cash and --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: And high-level cell phones, good ones. Maybe better than the one I have. I have. I think it may be better. But they all have cell phones. You say, who are they calling, and who's paying the bill? Who gave them the phone? But you don't do that with the vets. They don't have that. You see the vets around and --

Dan Ball: -- The American taxpayers.

Donald Trump: It's so sad to see what's happened to our country in three years. You know, we were energy independent. We had the lowest taxes ever. They want to quadruple -- I don't know if they're going to have enough time to get it done. They want to quadruple everybody's taxes. Quadruple. Obamacare is a disaster. We're going to fix that.

Donald Trump: We're going to -- we're going to either fix it properly because they -- they -- what they've done -- you know, I actually saved it. When John McCain voted against -- which was a horrible thing that he did. He campaigned for years and years that he was going to end Obamacare. And then he goes in, and he goes thumbs down.

Donald Trump: But we're going to make Obamacare -- we're going to give healthcare. We're going to make it great. It doesn't have to be Obamacare. It's probably not going to be Obamacare. We're going to give people great healthcare at much less cost.

Dan Ball: Mr. President, you were just discussing our military a little bit, and you touched on schools. The CRT, the DEI, this curriculum that they're ramming down, not just K through 12, but obviously it's been happening on college campuses for a few decades. And now we're ramming it into our military, as well. Parental rights, all of those things are kind of surrounding around --

Donald Trump: -- Men playing in women's sports.

Dan Ball: Right.

Donald Trump: Men playing in women's sports.

Dan Ball: They want us to buy into this. Your thoughts on how you're going to push back and fight back against all of that.

Donald Trump: Well, I did fight back, and I had it ended because they do it with executive orders. The good thing about an executive order is that you can terminate it on day one, which I'll do. The bad thing is that, if you have something good, it can get terminated. I had it all done. I had the military all cleaned up. It was all set.

Donald Trump: And then these people came in and they made our military woke. Now, the good news is I don't think it's woke. I think it's probably -- you know, I defeated ISIS in record time. Nobody -- they thought it would take five years to beat ISIS. I did it in four weeks. 100 percent of the caliphate and people couldn't believe.

Donald Trump: What we did -- we've done such a job. We have a great military. We have great generals, not these guys that go on television all the time. I mean, I've never seen anything -- the most embarrassing day in the history of our country probably or period short period was Afghanistan. The way they retreated. The way they surrendered.

Donald Trump: And we had Afghanistan -- 18 months, not one soldier was shot at or killed. I spoke to the leader of the Taliban, and he understood. Not one soldier. They were very afraid of us. And then you see that horrible withdrawal that was done. It was a surrender. I think it was the lowest moment, the most embarrassing moment in the history of the country.

Donald Trump: And that led to Russia going --

Dan Ball: That moment showed that --

Donald Trump: -- It led to a lot of other --

Dan Ball: -- Weak leader.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Dan Ball: What do you think the Biden regime should be doing differently right now? We've had 60, 70 plus attacks against our boys and girls in Iraq and Syria, the battleship that got hit earlier this week. All of these attacks, and I don't see a strong response. Being a vet, I want to see a strong response. What would a Trump administration do if you were in charge right now?

Donald Trump: So, Ukraine would have never happened. The attack on Israel would have never happened. For one reason, Iran was not rich. Iran was poor, very poor. They didn't have money to give to Hamas. They didn't have money to give to Hezbollah. None of them. You know, there are many groups. There are like 28 different groups.

Donald Trump: They weren't giving money to anybody because they didn't have the money to give. I told countries that until I make a deal with them, don't buy their oil. And if you do buy their oil, you're not going to do any business in the US, and we're going to tax -- you tariff you at 100 percent. China didn't buy.

Donald Trump: You take a look at the list of people. Take a look at how much oil was being bought during the Trump administration. Almost nothing. They didn't have money. Biden comes along. He takes off all these sanctions, takes off all these very harsh things that I did, but that kept everybody safe. And we would have had a deal with Iran, and it would have been a nice deal for everybody.

Dan Ball: And he released $16 billion in the last month to them.

Donald Trump: They released $16 billion, but that's nothing compared to the oil money. They have $250 billion now in cash. When I was there, they had nothing. I mean, literally they had nothing. So, there wouldn't have been a war for that reason. There also wouldn't have been a war because they know the retribution would have been much different from what you --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: I mean, we've had 90 attacks on our different soldiers in all over the place.

Donald Trump: We haven't done anything. It's not even believable.

Dan Ball: Yeah, I want to turn to --

Donald Trump: -- By the way -- just to say it again, though, if I were president -- I was the best president ever for Israel. There was nobody even close. But if I were president. Israel never would have been attacked, and they agree. Even the enemy agrees. Even the Democrats agree, which is, you know, sadly --

Dan Ball: -- Well, you worked so hard to get peace in the Middle East.

Donald Trump: No, no, it --

Dan Ball: -- Now look at it a couple of years later.

Donald Trump: It wasn't even peace. It's all -- it's all about Iran. Iran's caused the problem. Iran gives the money, and Iran is really essentially shooting at us. I mean, Iran is doing all of the shooting.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: You have close to 100 events that took place. Everything has to do with Iran. That would have never happened.

Donald Trump: There would have never been an attack on Israel, and the opposing party agrees with me on that.

Dan Ball: Can we discuss the primary a little bit. More folks just dropped out this week. I think there's only three or four of those other people standing up on the stage for the next debate, which you won't be involved in. Um, there's been failure to launch for several candidates. A lot of people want to know will you be picking for many of them for your vice presidential candidate?

Dan Ball: I know it might be too early, but I'm going to throw it out there. A lot of folks, of course, talking from the old school, let's call them rhinos, the establishment that Nikki Haley would be a good pick, but a lot of people think that she betrayed you just like Ron DeSantis. Your thoughts on the primary candidates that are left coming at you.

Dan Ball: And do you have a VP pick yet?

Donald Trump: So, I think about it, but I don't think about it much. You know, there's never been a VP pick who made much of a difference in an election. Almost made no difference no matter what. Even if they get one or two, you know, nice days of publicity. It's like a public relations thing. Actually, it's a very important pick because if something happens, it's a very important pick.

Donald Trump: And actually, you can use a VP to do a lot of very good work. You know, it's a big title. It's a very important title. No, I think -- I don't want to get into it too much. I don't like to think about it very much at all because I don't want to -- I want to focus on just winning, and let's win, and I'll make that decision.

Donald Trump: The Republican party has great people. We have some incredible people, and whoever the pick is, it'll be somebody very good.

Dan Ball: The party, though, recently on the Hill anyway, a lot of infighting between Freedom Caucus and America First folks and some of the, let's call it like it is, more establishment rhino folks that are in there. How would you as president on a second term try to unite them? Because I think a lot of division --

Donald Trump: -- I don't think with Freedom in America First. I think it's basically the rhinos and Freedom in America First. I think that America First generally has gotten along very well with Freedom and, uh -- but they don't get along too well with the rhinos. We're getting rid of some good rhinos in the Senate. We're getting rid of Mitt Romney.

Donald Trump: One of the worst. I mean, he's one of the worst. He was like -- I mean, if he endorsed a candidate, the candidate would lose. He was like kryptonite to Superman. He was just terrible. But we have others almost as bad. Uh, I watched as Liz Cheney wrote the most boring book. The whole thing is just -- she's writing.

Donald Trump: She keeps writing, writing. She has Trump derangement syndrome at a level I've never seen before. You know. the funny thing -- a big thing for them -- I didn't do it for them. I did it because it was the right thing to do. Scooter Libby, I pardoned him. Bush didn't have the courage to do that. He should have done that.

Donald Trump: He saved Bush, actually. He saved -- he took a lot of -- he took a lot of arrows.

Dan Ball: Yeah. You brought up pardons. Can I go to January 6th and talk about the new video?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Dan Ball: A lot of video coming out thanks to the new speaker. We've seen things that now -- I would hope most Americans see this video and start questioning the narrative that we receive from the Democrat led January 6th commission when they were in charge on the Hill. The video shows and paints a much different picture.

Dan Ball: And I've had folks on my show from the jail cell, family members of people who've killed themselves after being stalked by our federal government. And yes, while I'm not trying to condone any ill will that happened that day, anybody that hurt a police officer, broke window, smashed something, they should -- should pay the price.

Dan Ball: A fair price. But you got to admit, you know this, hundreds of people have paid for something they didn't do that day. They might have been standing on the lawn. They might have walked through. With a second Trump administration --

Donald Trump: -- And were told to there by the police.

Dan Ball: And we're told to go through --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Dan Ball: Will there be pardons for those people? How will you address the January 6th controversy?

Donald Trump: I think it was a group of people that have been treated more unfairly than -- with the -- with the exception of me probably, there is nobody --

Dan Ball: -- You-ve had it pretty rough, sir.

Donald Trump: There is nobody, no group of people that's been treated like this. When you look at Antifa, when you look at all of the things they did in Portland and in Minneapolis where they were burning down the city, where they took over the police station, where the police were sent running, now, only because they were told not to fight back.

Donald Trump: I mean, the police -- our police are great, but they've taken away their power and their respect and dignity. There has never been a group, in my opinion, treated so badly -- a group of people -- we can go back into history, and I'm sure there are some that were treated very badly. I can name some right now --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Dan Ball: No due process. Five by five cells with a bucket. Nothing to sleep on. Just horrific.

Donald Trump: A disgusting --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Yeah. So, uh, that's my attitude, and I believe that those people will be, uh -- who's going to be happy? I mean, they've destroyed their lives, but those people have to be dealt with very quickly and very fairly. And it will be one of the first things I do. I'm going to take care of those people.

Donald Trump: Now, you may have some -- and, you know, those tapes are showing a lot of -- a lot of people that aren't supposed to be there that have nothing to do with whoever it is that does want to save our country.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Dan Ball: All kinds of things.

Donald Trump: You better believe it. There are a lot of -- a lot of things going on on those tapes. They're being analyzed. I hope they leave the faces because frankly you have to leave the faces. You know, they wanted to take the faces of -- you got to see because you know exactly where most of those people came from.

Donald Trump: I think the speaker is doing an incredible job. I really do.

Dan Ball: You like Johnson?

Donald Trump: I think he's fantastic. He released the tapes right away.

Dan Ball: And he's a man of faith. The left hates him for that.

Donald Trump: He's a man of great faith. He's a high-quality person, and he's done -- it's very tough. Now we're down to three. Three votes. OK? But I think he's done a fantastic job. Even his speaking -- he speaks -- he's such a sincere guy, and I've known that for a long time. He may go down as a great speaker. He has a chance to go down as a great speaker.

Donald Trump: I'd like to give him a little bit more of a majority.

Dan Ball: Yes.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Dan Ball: Let's talk about people that aren't great folks. On the last administration -- and you've taken some heat for this. You know, Bill Barr, John Bolton, there were some hires that maybe shouldn't have been hired.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Dan Ball: How in the second administration can folks that are maybe on the fence with a second Trump term be OK and say he's not going to put people that are going to screw the country up in positions like the first time? Because there was some bad placement. And ensure --

Donald Trump: -- Sure. Absolutely. I agree. And you always have that, too, no matter what. No matter how experienced, you always -- but think of this, I came to Washington. I was only there 17 times in my life, and all of a sudden, I'm president. I relied on people to give me -- and generally speaking, we had great people.

Donald Trump: I rebuilt the military. We got the largest tax cuts in history. We got the largest regulation cuts in history. Everything was large and beautiful, but we had some bad people. Barr was terrible. I thought he was a real coward. Bill Barr was a coward. He was afraid of being impeached. Jeff Sessions was no good.

Donald Trump: There were people that were not good. Bolton was actually wonderful in one sense. He's a nut job. All he wants to do is go to war with everybody. He never talked. He was just like this red-faced guy. He was like a boiler ready to explode all the time, a total nut. That's one of the reasons we went into the Middle East and spent $10 trillion and lost millions of lives on both sides.

Donald Trump: Millions of lives. But Bolton was good for one thing. When I brought him into a meeting, the other side would immediately give up because they thought -- you know, they'd say here's this total nut. He wants to attack us. He was always wanting to go to war with everybody. If you don't have a check on guys like that -- you know, they're stupid.

Donald Trump: If you don't have a check on guys like Bolton -- but he was great for me for negotiating, because I'd walk him into a room -- he'd never say anything. The guy never talked. But I'd walk him into a room with that mustache, and the other side would look at him and say, OK, we'll give you this and that. I didn't have to do so much talking.

Donald Trump: It was very interesting. But he was a nut. Uh, no. We made some mistakes, but generally speaking, they were great people. We had -- we had great people -- look at all the things we did. I saw a report the other night on television where we did more than just about any president in a relatively short period of time, including Supreme Court, including over 300 justices, judges.

Donald Trump: Take a look at the judges we picked. We put incredible judges in the courts.

Dan Ball: And hose are important right now. There s a lot of court cases going on --

Donald Trump: -- Well, it s very important.

Dan Ball: With people either being attacked and sued by the Biden regime and his corrupt DOJ or there's people suing the Biden regime for getting fired for not taking the COVID jab because they wanted to use their religious exemption. Conservatives and Christians are under attack in this country, Mr. President. You know it as well as I do.

Donald Trump: Yeah. 100 percent.

Dan Ball: Right. We're under attack at OAN. Your administration has been under attack. But just everyday average Americans that say, hey, I'm a conservative, and I'm of Christian faith, they are under attack. This past week, you had James Carville, the big architect of Bill Clinton, right? He's on the Bill Maher show, and he's saying that right wing Christians and Trump supporters and nationalists are more dangerous than Hamas and terrorists in this country.

Donald Trump: I know. I know.

Dan Ball: Your comment to that when the left are labeling you, myself, and other conservative Christians as worse than terrorists.

Donald Trump: These are liars. These are bad people. These are lying people. It's talking points. Biden gets up, he says, oh, the economy is great. Bidenomics. It's so great. It's so great. It's so sad to see -- the taxes are very low. The -- this -- they give information that's totally false, and the sad thing is that people sitting home, you know, they're not into it like you are, like I am where you know it's immediately --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: They just think, oh, well, he said it was a good economy or he said there was no inflation.

Donald Trump: Biden is now saying we have no inflation. He doesn't talk about what's happened. It's the worst -- the worst in probably 72 years, not 52. They say 52 years. It's really 72 years. And I watched the other night when he was saying no, no, we have a wonderful economy. We have no inflation. Everybody -- people are miserable.

Donald Trump: They do a poll. 80 percent of the people are unhappy with the economy. That's a record. There's never been anything -- because even in a bad economy, some people do well from a bad economy. But there are over 80 percent -- it's a horrible economy. But these people can get up and say anything that comes to their mind.

Donald Trump: It's a terrible thing that's happened to our country. And the worst thing of all is the press because the fake news refuses to call them out. If I say something that's slightly off, it's like headlines. They will say anything, and they'll be totally protected. Look at the way -- you don't read about Afghanistan anymore.

Donald Trump: You don't read about Ukraine very much anymore. That means they're probably not doing well, right?

Dan Ball: Right.

Donald Trump: You don't read about Ukraine at all. I mean, what happened? They used to talk about it. Not just the fact that they attacked Israel. You don't hear anything about --

Dan Ball: Not part of the agenda or narrative right now because there's much more to talk about -- because you've got CNN's and the liberal media now covering the border a little bit, right? They re covering Biden's age a little bit. They're covering some of his gaffes. So, now they're walking away from his past gaffes.

Dan Ball: You brought up the media. Conservatives have been censored. There's a lot of talk on the Hill on how the Biden administration has handled this. How would a second term Trump administration handle the censorship of Americans? We're supposed to be living by that document called the Constitution where you and I have freedom of speech.

Donald Trump: So, they have a standard line -- you know, it's incredible because I've watched this over the years., and I sort of understood the media pretty good. Nobody really understands it because it's a little wacky. But I understood the media. I did a lot of media before the fact that -- you know, before what we were doing and before this.

Donald Trump: Before this wonderful --

Dan Ball: -- Oh, yeah. You were a media mogul. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: Before this wonderful experience. And I knew that there was exaggeration. I knew that there was, you know, some dishonesty, but nobody had any idea it was like this. I mean, these people are down and dirty so bad for our country. They're supposed to be like the police force for lying, and they don't do that.

Donald Trump: And, you know, what they don't say is worse than what they do say because they don't call people out. Like they never called out the laptop. They knew about the laptop. They knew it was --

Dan Ball: -- We reported that first in August of 2020. They told us Russian disinformation.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Dan Ball: They call you a dictator when it's Joe Biden implementing executive orders that are dictatorial like. Yet you're the dictator.

Donald Trump: So, here's their new line. I see it so plainly. and it goes to everybody. It goes like -- I guess they have a machine. They press a button and everyone -- all the newscasts go -- that I'm bad for democracy. I'm the best thing that ever happened to democracy. He's bad for democracy. He goes after his political opponent, wants to put his political opponent in jail for nothing.

Donald Trump: For telling the truth. They never go after the people that cheated on the election. They go after the people that complain about the cheating and want to find out about the cheating and know about the cheating and have the facts. They don't want to see the facts. They don't want to see them. They don't want to review them.

Donald Trump: The press is so disappointing in this country. You know, it -- it should be -- it should be like a standard. It should be a high standard. Some of the lowest people on Earth. And by the way, you have some wonderful reporters, wonderful journalists, but there are very few of them.

Dan Ball: Not many left. Not many. There's almost 30 here, Mr. President. Not many left. Recently, you received some pretty big endorsements from a lot of folks in the Republican party, but then you received maybe some let's call them [Inaudible]. Folks didn't think that a founder of a BLM chapter in Rhode Island would support you, but he did.

Dan Ball: Celebrities are coming out. Even like -- and I don't like this gentleman, Michael Rapaport who despises you said I think I'm going to vote for Trump instead of Biden. You have all of these people coming out that literally had Donald J. Trump syndrome a few years ago now supporting you. And then there's some on the right that are saying you shouldn't take some of those endorsements.

Dan Ball: What do you say to both those people?

Donald Trump: Well, you know, one that was very interesting to me was Black Lives Matter. And I was torn, and then I saw the gentleman who was doing it. And he was a very solid guy in so many different ways. But he was saying people don't understand what Donald Trump's done for black people. You look at criminal justice reform and you look at the historically black colleges and universities, et cetera.

Donald Trump: I mean, I got them funded for ten years. Nobody was funding them. Nobody was taking care of them. Opportunity zones. I did that. I did that actually with Tim Scott. It's one of the most incredible programs. Nobody talks about it. But black people know about Opportunity Zones. It's really helped them, and also, they had the best wages.

Donald Trump: They had the most success of any time in our country's history. And you know what? When he said people don't know what Trump's done for black people, I was very honored by that one. I will tell you. I've been surprised by some of the endorsements I've had. I've had a lot of endorsements. I've had a lot of endorsements from people that you would have said would have never endorsed.

Donald Trump: Uh, we're doing well. Look, the polls are through the roof. We're beating Biden by a lot. We're beating Ron DeSanctimonious by a lot. He's --

Dan Ball: -- Well, his campaign has never launched. Let's be real.

Donald Trump: No, he's never -- because he never had it. Look, he was a guy who was at three when he came to see me. The only thing he did is, when I endorsed him, he went up, you know, and he won. Because of me, he went up so much. He went up -- he was like a rocket ship.

Dan Ball: Do you think a lot of the MAGA and America First folks, they're big on loyalty like you are, like I am, and they looked at it and went -- he came down, he helped Ron on that second term. Same with Nikki. He gave her a job. And now they said they would never run, and they're running.

Donald Trump: Yeah, they said that.

Dan Ball: So, do you think there's a lot of people that are going --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Nikki forever. He was a great president. I would never run against him. Never, never, never. She told me that five -- I didn't even think about it. Then all of a sudden, she's on television saying I'm going to be running for president. The whole thing is crazy. Politicians. I think that Ron was a very sad case actually because he should have waited.

Donald Trump: He's a young guy. He should have waited, and he's been exposed. Before I came along with the endorsement, he was getting killed by the Secretary of Agriculture. His name is Adam Putnam. I don't know him, so I didn't feel guilty about it. I felt Ron was so out of it that he couldn't, you know -- because usually an endorsement doesn't matter.

Donald Trump: But my endorsement matters a lot. And when I endorsed him, he was like a rocket ship. He went up like -- nobody's ever seen anything like it. Adam Putnam was measuring in Tallahassee. He was measuring the floors for the carpet. Where are we going to put the carpet? But don't forget, I also got Ron through the general election because I held rallies with thousands and thousands of people because he was going to lose that election, too.

Donald Trump: He was -- I got him the nomination, then I got him through the general. He was going to lose to a gentleman they said was like the hottest politician in the Democrat part. Turned out to be a crackhead. But he was the hottest at the time. The hottest politician in the Democrat party. And Ron was losing, and then I got him with the rally.

Donald Trump: And then four years later, they say, will you run against the president? He says I have no comment. I said no comment. Did he say he has no comment? That means he's going to run. So, we hit him hard. Look, he's not a talented person. Probably wouldn't have mattered if he waited because ultimately you have to show your talent, but he's just not a talented person.

Dan Ball: Yeah. Final two for you are easy ones. Undecided voters, independents, libertarians, people are looking at RFK Jr. Obviously, I don't think anyone's looking at Biden. If people are still undecided come next year or even come before the primary and they're thinking about Donald J. Trump, what s your message to those undecided voters to say they need to go with 45 for 47?

Donald Trump: First of all, we are -- we have the best numbers we've ever had in the history of the Republican party with undecideds and with independents, let's call them, too, because the independent voter was -- I guess tends to go Democrat for whatever reason. I don't know. Not so much anymore.

Dan Ball: Used to until you got --

Donald Trump: -- But my message is we're going to have security. We're going to have safety. We're going to have a strong border. We're going to have low taxes. We're going to have a great economy. We've got everything. We're going to have a powerful military. We're going to have security. We're going to straighten out -- I mean, the one thing I want to do -- and you're not supposed to do it, but I think we have to do it is our cities have to have help on law and order because the governor is supposed to take care of it, and the mayors are supposed to take care of it. And if they're run by Democrats, which in all cases they are -- the top 25 cities are Democrat, and they're disaster.

Donald Trump: What's going on in Chicago --

Dan Ball: -- Look like hell. They re being run horribly.

Donald Trump: All of these cities -- our cities -- our cities are dying, and we're going to get involved, and we're going to stop the crime in our cities. Again, I'm not supposed to be doing that, and I held off. I went right by the book. I held off, and I was watching cities fighting. And now today, they're much worse.

Donald Trump: Today, they're a disaster. You see every time -- and DC -- we're going to take over DC and federalize it, and we're going to have a great capital. DC is -- you can't walk down the street in DC. People are being shot every single day.

Dan Ball: FBI agent had his car carjacked from him other day.

Donald Trump: They take the FBI's car. Right.

Dan Ball: I know. It's insane.

Donald Trump: They take Secret Service cars. So, we're going to do that. I mean, I assume you heard this, and it's not big, although it's very big, but it's not big in terms of saving our country. We have to have a capitol that when people go there, they feel safe. They go to -- they come in from all over the country -- by the way, very few right now.

Donald Trump: People are afraid to come in. And they end up getting shot. You have homeless all over our parks. It's so badly ruined. You have graffiti on the beautiful marble columns and the statues. They put graffiti on it. I've never seen it. I was in Washington at a trial, my trial, one of my many.

Dan Ball: One of four.

Donald Trump: Well, actually it's about seven or eight.

Dan Ball: Oh, yeah. There s more. I forgot.

Donald Trump: Because they also get the local DAs or the local attorney general and they report directly --

Dan Ball: -- Trying to take you off the ballot.

Donald Trump: Absolutely. They report -- this has never happened before. These DAs and -- they report directly -- you know, the DOJ actually took one of their top people, put them into the attorney general of New York's office, and then put them into the district attorney's office, both of them, in order to get Trump.

Donald Trump: And nobody wants to report on it. But they took one of their top people, one of the absolute top, right under Garland, and they put them into the DA's office. This has never happened in our country before, and I don't think the people are going to stand for it.

Dan Ball: Yeah. My final one to you is an easy one, Mr. President. I'll be 50 next year. You re 78, I believe.

Donald Trump: Seven.

Dan Ball: 77. Sorry. Didn't mean to add a year.

Donald Trump: I got to fight for that.

Dan Ball: You got to fight for it.

Donald Trump: That would be bad --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Dan Ball: Age has become an issue with age right because Joe is 81, and we watched him fall down the steps. He has to use the short steps now. He can't get through a sentence. So, age is an issue --

Donald Trump: -- He doesn't fall down. He falls up the steps. That's even worse. That's harder to do.

Dan Ball: I won't go on the age issue with you because I see you golf, I see you dance, I see you move around. You're just fine. We all know it. I just want you to send a message to the American people because -- I tell you. I sit at home and when you -- and I have talked off camera, I know how much you love this country.

Dan Ball: And we are in dire straits, and I think the American people need to be more involved. It can't just be Team Trump and the America First and Freedom Caucus candidates that are out there trying to save her. It's going to take millions of us. If you could look at the camera and tell people the message to all Americans you want to express to them on how important 2024 is going to be for everyone to get out, be poll watchers, make sure this election is legitimate and fair and transparent, and that you become the next commander in chief so we can right this ship before it's too damn late.

Dan Ball: What would you say to them?

Donald Trump: Three years ago, we had a great country. We were energy independent. We just got through COVID. I did things that nobody thought were possible. We actually did a fantastic job on COVID. Don't get the credit, and that's OK. I don't want the credit. But we had a phenomenal country. Prior to COVID coming in, we had the greatest economy in the history of the world where there's never been anything like it. We're going to have it again.

Donald Trump: We're going to -- we can make our country great again. I believe this election, if for anything -- if anything happens to the negative, I think our country is finished. I really believe our country is gone. What's going on with all of the millions and millions of unknown people -- they have no idea who these people are, where they come from.

Donald Trump: They're just coming in and -- and poisoning, ruining our country. They're destroying our country --

Dan Ball: -- And the unpatriotic messaging coming from the left. They're ruining the country that way.

Donald Trump: It's -- it's almost as though -- look, they can't be stupid people that do this because nobody's ever cheated on an election as well as they do, OK? And you may not be able to put that on. It's pretty sad. You may -- and I'll fully understand it. You may be -- not be able to put that statement on, but you and I know it's true because your people will go, oh, gee, we don't want to get sued.

Donald Trump: Et cetera, et cetera. OK? The elections were rigged. The borders are open. Nobody knows what's happened. We're going to turn this country around. We're going to drill. We're going to bring down energy prices, which are the highest they've ever been in our country. We've never had energy like this. We have $5 and $6 a gallon now again.

Donald Trump: And it's going to go higher. As sure as you're sitting there, it's going to go higher. They want to take away your cars, and they want to give you all electric where you can drive for two minutes, and then you have to go back home and get it charged because -- the whole country -- what they're doing is crazy.

Donald Trump: And we're relying on a man as president who doesn't have a clue. He's not a smart man. He wasn't a smart man 25 years ago. And now he's, I would say, grossly incompetent. And he's telling us about all electric cars and all electric Army tanks and all electric trucks.

Dan Ball: It s insane.

Donald Trump: A truck that goes 300 miles instead of 200 -- instead of 2,000 miles. Our country is being destroyed. Systematically destroyed. So, when I ran in 2016, I said rightfully that this is the most important election we've ever had, and I was right. But this coming up -- 2024 blows it away. Don't forget, we had a border problem.

Donald Trump: Nothing like it is now. But we had a border problem. I fixed that problem. So, in 2020, I couldn't even talk about the border. I'd go up to my people. I'd say let's talk about the border. Sir, nobody cares about the border. You know why they didn't care? Because I totally fixed it. We had a great border.

Donald Trump: Totally fixed it. Now the border is worse than it ever was in 2016. So, we have border. We have energy. We have economy. We have safety. We have military. All of these things are going to be top notch. If it goes any further, any further our country's gone. So, you better vote for Trump. [Laughter] Thank you very much.

Dan Ball: Thank you, sir. I appreciate it.