Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-clay-travis-buck-sexton-show-podcast-november-8-2023

Buck Sexton: Here -- here he is. He's walking the room right now. We're getting him as he comes off the -- off the golf course. Sir, we want -- we want to stand and shake your hands. Our mics are down here. So --

Clay Travis: -- Here we go. Here we go.

Donald Trump: You just sit, you guys.

Clay Travis: Thank you so much.

Buck Sexton: Good to see you. Mr. President, great of you to make the time for us here. Look, you know, Clay and I have a bet. And can we start with this one?

Clay Travis: Yes. Steak bet.

Buck Sexton: Assuming it's going to be you, sir, assuming it's going to be you, which it certainly looks like now in all the polls and we've been saying this, it's just overwhelming favorite now, based on the numbers, do you think you're going to be facing Joe Biden, or do you think they're going to pull some last minute plan shenanigans, some kind of a plot?

Buck Sexton: What do you think?

Donald Trump: Well, that's all they know how to do. That's all they're good at is shenanigans. And I think that it possibly will be him. I would have said almost definitely. I find it hard to believe. He's the worst president in history. He's the worst. He's making Jimmy Carter look like a genius. Jimmy Carter may be the happiest man around today.

Donald Trump: He's -- he's an elderly gentleman right now, but he's a very happy man because he looks brilliant by comparison to what's happening to our country right now. But I think it's going to be him.

Buck Sexton: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It looks like him.

Buck Sexton: Do you want it to be him? Would you like to run -- if you could pick an opponent, you know, you're going to go to a UFC fight up at Madison Square Garden. People are going to love it. Sometimes those guys get to pick the guy that they want to fight against.

Donald Trump: Right. Right.

Buck Sexton: Would you pick Biden as the opponent if you had to pick a Democrat to run against right now?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't want to do anything to influence because, you know, anything I say they're going to do the opposite and they're going to think it's a chess game. And you know --

Clay Travis: -- Reverse psychology --

Donald Trump: -- And when you get and when you get right down to it, it's a chess game, right? I'd love to run against Biden. I think I did great against him when I ran. I don't know, you know, your show is great and I know your opinions on things, but what went on in that election is disgraceful. But I think that it's probably, if I had a choice, I would pick him and I would pick Kamala second.

Donald Trump: I would say she's right there. It looks like he's not going to be able to get rid of her. So in a certain way, you could say she's running also much more strongly than a normal Vice President would be running. And that's OK. Some people say you campaign against her because people don't want her and they say it's very hard to take her out of the equation.

Donald Trump: I don't know if that's true or not, but that's what they're saying. I would say that if I had my choice, I'd love to run against him. I got 75 million votes that they say. That's what they say, but I think it was many, many more votes. We have a very, very third world elections. You see that up in Connecticut this weekend --

Clay Travis: -- Yeah, Bridgeport --

Donald Trump: -- These last few days and it happened again last night. They found a lot of improprieties, to use a nice word --

Buck Sexton: -- Mr. President, we get a lot of calls, emails from people who voted for you and one of their anxieties is, well, why is it going to be different this time? Is the Trump team on it? Have they done the things necessary to ensure things the next time around? What do you say to them?

Donald Trump: So the two biggest questions I get is how do you take it and the second is, will it happen again? Meaning the cheating, and the cheating is massive. We got caught with COVID. And again, you know, I was somebody that ran very, very hard. I did seven rallies on the final day. Seven, and they were all big rallies.

Donald Trump: They weren't small ones, they were big ones, started at 9:00 in the morning and we finished finish up at 4:00 in the morning. 4:00 in the morning, and all over the place. I went from Florida to Iowa, I went from 81 degrees to 2 degrees below zero. That's pretty tough.

Clay Travis: It's not -- not a trade people want to make very often.

Donald Trump: No, no, and you know, honestly that's -- if you look at it, that's called pneumonia time. When you go from 81 or 82 to 2 degrees below 0 at late in the evening, that's a -- that's a -- you're covering a lot of territory, and I did a great job. And we got votes like nobody's ever -- no -- no sitting president has ever gotten anywhere near that number of votes.

Donald Trump: And I felt I could go home and I would watch a fair election and I went home and it looked really good and then around 10:00 in the evening, all of a sudden they started finding lots of ballots and started things started changing. And then at 3:02 in the morning, things happened that were really, really bad.

Donald Trump: So you know, we did great against him and I believe we won by a tremendous amount and we have proof of it and we're releasing the proof and you'll see the proof. It will come up a lot over the next period of a few months. And I think it's very important for people to know, you know, we have -- in Alabama, we had a man that was very strong, Mo Brooks.

Donald Trump: And then he went -- he thought he was going to go political. I think he hired John McCain or Mitt Romney's consultants and they say, forget about the election. Forget about it. And he forgot about it and he went from a 54 point lead in a period of about 24 hours to losing to being in third place and Katie Britt ended up winning.

Donald Trump: I endorsed her and she ended up winning. So it's a very important issue. You have to learn from history, but I went home and I thought I did a great job and I thought I'd enjoy watching it on television, and I did until around 10:00 in the evening. Then I said what's going on here? It was crazy and you know, we have to have strong borders and we have to have fair elections.

Donald Trump: And if we don't have fair elections and strong borders and some other things, too, but maybe they're the most important things. We have to have borders and we have to have elections that are great.

Buck Sexton: Mr. Trump, during your time there was no Russian invasion of Ukraine --

Donald Trump: -- Right --

Buck Sexton: -- And there was no mass casualty 9/11 style terror attack against Israel by Hamas.

Donald Trump: Right.

Buck Sexton: You didn't have a national security background beforehand. You were a businessman beforehand.

Donald Trump: But I talked to you on occasion.

Buck Sexton: You know, you got some good [Inaudible] --

Donald Trump: -- Mr. CIA?

Clay Travis: Yeah, you wanted to be --

Donald Trump: -- Mr. CIA --

Clay Travis: -- The CIA director.

Donald Trump: I thought he was great. Yep, he was -- he would be very good.

Clay Travis: I think he would be very good.

Buck Sexton: Anyway --

Donald Trump: By the way, you would be very good.

Buck Sexton: Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Buck Sexton: The -- on this -- on these issues of national security right now, the world is less safe. People feel that now. You're seeing that. And a lot of Americans are seeing the Biden foreign policy and Biden national security policies crumble before their eyes and say to themselves hold on a second, they were supposed to be the team that knows what they're doing.

Buck Sexton: What do you do to come in when you come into office, if you win, on Ukraine, on Israel, what are some of the ways that you're going to approach those issues?

Donald Trump: So the saddest thing is that it would have never happened under a Trump administration. Ukraine was not going to happen, and it didn't happen. You know, for four years, he didn't -- he doesn't change and he's somebody that wants to get things done the way he wants them. And I knew him very well. I got along with him very well.

Donald Trump: We had a very good relationship, but -- and in fact, you know, the whole Russia thing was a hoax and it made it really harder to get along with Putin and Russia. And what they did was really treasonous, if you think about it, because you could end up in a war. If we had different people, maybe a different guy than him and a different guy than me, you could have ended up in a war because of the Russian hoax.

Donald Trump: And it was a total hoax, and that's been proven. But the sad thing is it would have never happened and it didn't happen. The same thing with Israel. That would have never -- they would have never been attacked for simple reason that Iran was broke. I told China, if you buy any oil, any from Iran, and that's where they made all of their money, a lot of money, they have a lot of oil, you're not going to do any business in the United States and we're going to also tear off you at 100 percent, anything that does come through.

Donald Trump: I said the same thing to India. I said the same thing to many countries and literally nobody bought. And they were broke. And if you remember, in fact you guys covered it very well in a different position you were in, frankly, but you both covered it very well. They didn't have money for Hamas, they didn't have money for Hezbollah, they didn't have money for any of these terrorist groups.

Donald Trump: And during my four years, we had no terrorism, none. And I didn't want to talk about -- I couldn't talk about it because I don't want to say it and -- like what happened to them. They started talking about it --

Buck Sexton: -- You don't want to jinx it. And destroying ISIS --

Donald Trump: -- You jinxed it --

Buck Sexton: -- By the way. Destroying ISIS. That was a very --

Donald Trump: -- And I did destroy ISIS. Right.

Buck Sexton: Yes.

Donald Trump: I destroyed him in four months and people said you couldn't do it in four years. We have great -- you know, we have great military and we have great generals, not the idiots you see on television. We have some great generals. I could go over -- we'll do a second show on some of the people, but we knocked out ISIS way, way, way fast.

Donald Trump: Nobody thought it would even be possible. And by the way, I had it down to 99 percent. I said, OK, let's get out of there, and the fake news started hitting me. Why don't you do the rest? I said all right do the rest and they did the rest in about two minutes.

Buck Sexton: The last time we were with you at Bedminster, beautiful golf course, you were hosting a live event there. Your grandkids walked in. You're a grandfather. You've got Jewish grandchildren.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Buck Sexton: When you saw what Hamas did, not as president but as grandpa --

Donald Trump: -- Yeah --

Buck Sexton: -- What did that feel like to think those could have been my grandchildren? Did that strike you?

Donald Trump: It did. A lot of things struck me. First of all, the level of ferocity and the level of hatred and also the inhumanity nobody's ever seen. 42 babies had their heads cut off. It's not even reported, really because I think it's so gross and so horrible that people, maybe correctly, don't want to report it. But maybe it's a better thing that they do because, you know, I look at what's going on now and it seems like that's one part of the equation that nobody's talking about anymore.

Donald Trump: You know, they're not talking about when --

Buck Sexton: -- Can you believe the Democrats are trying to defend some of them, Hamas?

Donald Trump: They're trying to. Not only some of them, a lot of them. And Biden now is trying to be neutral.

Buck Sexton: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Biden doesn't really --

Buck Sexton: -- The democrats have an anti-Semitism problem, don't they? In the party, there's a real antisemitism in the party.

Donald Trump: Yeah, I think they have a lot of problems. It's -- you know, Israel was the strongest, let's call it a lobby, the strongest lobby that you had in the country 15 years ago. Today, it's almost like if you defend Israel, you're going to have some problems. When I watch AOC plus three --

Buck Sexton: -- Yeah --

Donald Trump: -- Or when I watch this Tlaib get up and just absolutely -- what she said. If I would have said that, I said peacefully and patriotically, right, look at me, look at -- look at the things I said, how nice they were, how good. Go home. Our police and law enforcement, they love you, they cherish you. You know, the things I said.

Donald Trump: If I would have said what they said, nobody -- nobody can believe what she's been saying. Now see, she got censured, but not such a big deal. What she said, if that were coming out of my mouth, I would have been excoriated or a Republican generally, me more so than most.

Buck Sexton: We're here with President Trump in Mar a Lago. We're going to come back in a moment here and talk to him about the border, about the economy, about the legal issues right now and obviously the debate tonight if he has any thoughts on that one. We'll get into that in just a second. Start earning high yield returns in a low yield market by investing in Phoenix Capital Group's corporate bonds.

Buck Sexton: Choose your investment amount, term limit, and earn returns from 9 to 13 percent Annual interest with Phoenix Capital's domestic energy asset bonds. These bonds have been qualified with the SEC and are also independently audited. Phoenix Capital buys energy royalties previously reserved for institutional investors now accessible to you, the savvy investor.

Buck Sexton: Phoenix Capital Group is disrupting the traditional energy industry through their proprietary offerings yielding 9 to 13 percent annual interest for accredited investors learn more by downloading the Phoenix Group's free investment packet today at phxonair.com. Before making investment decisions, you should carefully consider and review all risks involved.

Buck Sexton: Visit phxonair.com today.

Unidentified: [Commercial] One truth revealed after another. Clay Travis and Buck Sexton. It's college basketball time at Bet MGM. Ready to shoot your shot? Lock in your picks for this year's tournament with the sportsbook born in Vegas. Being on the sidelines is one thing. Get into the game with exciting state of the art live tracking technology, exclusive sportsbook selections, and so much more.

Unidentified: [Commercial] Bet MGM and Gamesense remind you to play responsibly. See Bet MGM Com for terms. 21 plus. D.C. only. Maryland and Virginia only. Existing customer offers subject to eligibility requirements and rewards may vary. Please play responsibly. Call 1-800 Gambler for help in Maryland. Visit mdgamblinghelp.org. In partnership with MGM National Harbor.

Unidentified: [Commercial] Divorce can leave you feeling isolated like you're stuck on an island with no direction, but you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello, Divorce, we guide you step by step offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need at hellodivorce.com because you deserve a better path forward.

Buck Sexton: Welcome back to Clay and Buck. We're here with President Trump in Mar a Lago. He's got a big event tonight in Hialeah kicking off at 7:00 Eastern. So make sure you tune in to that. He'll be doing a rally. President Trump, you know, DHS Secretary Mayorkas -- the border is something we talk about here a lot on the show.

Buck Sexton: Mayorkas was asked if he knew how many millions of illegals who have entered the country under Biden, how many of those millions are still here? The estimates are something like 6 to 8 million have come into the country. The most that anybody can remember probably the most of all time. I mean, you knew it was going to be bad.

Buck Sexton: Did you think it was going to be this bad, and how do you fix it when we -- if things are in a position for you to turn them around by having Trump term two?

Donald Trump: So I think that, first of all, we had the strongest border in history three years ago. Think of it. We went from the strongest border to the weakest border anywhere in the world, in my opinion. There has never been anything like it in the world. I don't care what country, third world country, I would always say they use sticks and stones.

Donald Trump: They wouldn't let this happen to a country. And I believe the number is 15 million people by the end of that term. The way they're coming in, you know, they have the largest caravans anyone's ever seen walking as we -- as we speak.

Buck Sexton: Right now.

Donald Trump: Right now. They have the largest caravan, anybody's ever seen coming through Mexico and just going to pour right into our country. And as you know, and I say it all the time, and I'll be saying it tonight in Hialeah -- and we're going to have a big crowd. We're going to have 35, 40,000 people. Here I am. It shows my respect for you.

Donald Trump: I'm going and I'm supposed to be getting ready for -- going down and I'm talking to you guys and you guys say how about saying another 25 minutes? And we're jokingly saying do you think Biden would do a 45 minute interview?

Buck Sexton: I've said this before. If Joe Biden, Mr. President, sat down with us for one hour, they would invoke the 25th amendment and they would no longer be able to defend him as being able to run.

Clay Travis: But then Kamala would be president, so is that --

Buck Sexton: -- So that might get a little bit -- might get a little bit scarier. I want to ask you this. We were just talking about Israel. Hillary Clinton on The View, you probably haven't seen this, today -- I know you call her beautiful Hillary now so you might have to change the -- the adjective. Hillary Clinton said that you were Hitler-like in some ways.

Buck Sexton: The Democrats right now are defending some of them, Hamas, from the worst attack since the Holocaust. We talked about you have Jewish grandchildren. You have a Jewish daughter now. That seems beyond the pale to me, an attack like that. Can you believe that even they would stoop that low and continue even in the wake of what happened?

Donald Trump: Well, part of the reason we have this tremendous, they say Trump Derangement Syndrome, whatever it is, and she's one of the type -- top purveyors of it, to be honest with you, but she was expected to win. The Democrats were expected to win the election. They didn't even know they'd be running against -- long before I got it, they would -- they were expected to easily win.

Donald Trump: They do have an advantage. You know, they start off with 38 points. People say how come Biden is up at 38, 37, 32? Because they start off with a big group of people. You know who the people are, and I think we're actually taking a lot of those people, but the Republicans don't. But no, she's -- she's deranged.

Donald Trump: She's got -- she's never gotten over it and the party's never gotten over it, frankly, and that's why they hit me so hard. And now we're winning by a lot.

Buck Sexton: How can they say you're the threat to democracy when they're the ones who are weaponizing the justice system in multiple indictments against you to prevent the American people from being able to vote for you?

Donald Trump: Multiple indictments. And beyond indictments, even civil cases. They want to keep me so busy they want to keep me in courthouses. This never happened in this country before. It happens in other countries, third world countries, banana republics. Never happened in this country before and now people are seeing -- and so far it's been backfiring because I went up -- I'm the only person probably that ever got indicted who went up very substantially in the polls immediately upon the announcement of the indictment.

Donald Trump: And that's because I can go on your show. I can talk to you guys about it. I can go on other shows if I have to, I can get the word out. A normal politician would be destroyed. They got indicted they would leave, they would immediately announce they're going back to their family. That would be it. So, so far it hasn't worked out, but it should never be done and they're opening a Pandora's box because it can happen the other way, too.

Clay Travis: No doubt. We'll talk about that when we come back. I want to tell you right now, everybody out there listening, Mike Lindell's got a new product; MyTowels. Super soft, absorbent, thanks to the special cotton they use. You'll enjoy every moment you're wrapped in MyTowels. Six piece set as low as $29.98 with our names as the promo code, Clay and Buck.

Clay Travis: Get the Designer Premium line just $20 bucks more, whichever you choose, 50 percent in savings. Go to mypillow.com, click on the Radio Listener special square. 50 percent off the team at MyPillow. Excited for you to try out the MyTowels. Enter the promo code Clay and Buck. You can also call 800-792-3269 for this special and many more.

Clay Travis: That's promo code Clay and Buck.

Unidentified: [Commercial] Clay Travis and Buck Sexton on the front lines of truth.

Buck Sexton: Welcome back in Clay Travis Buck Sexton show with President Trump from Mar a Lago. By the way, nice place. $18 million. How about I make an offer?

Donald Trump: Sounds like a very good deal.

Buck Sexton: Hell of a steal. We were talking as we went to break about some of the legal shenanigans that you are involved in that Democrats are putting you through. And I was on Jesse Watters. I know you like Jesse and watch him recently and he asked me the question. Do you think Trump, he was asking me, would benefit from being arrested for violating a gag order and potentially thrown in prison?

Buck Sexton: Do you think that would benefit you politically? Do you think the judges have the wherewithal to be willing to do that? How would you analyze -- because you're going -- to me, it's a clear constitutional violation. I'm speaking as a lawyer. You should be able to speak out. But do you think they would put you in prison, jail, and do you think that would benefit you if it happened?

Donald Trump: Well, I actually think they're capable of anything. I never thought that as a president who was a popular president, again, I got more votes even with their numbers, which were frankly not correct. But -- I'm being nice when I say that. But I got more votes than any other sitting president. That's a popular president.

Donald Trump: And we did a good job with the taxes, with everything, with the military, with no wars, we didn't start any wars. We rebuilt our military. So much -- best job numbers, best economy we've ever had, no inflation, energy independent, going to be energy dominant. We would have been in six months the most dominant energy source in the world that the world has ever seen.

Donald Trump: And boom it was all stopped and that's what started inflation. So I was very popular. I was always of the opinion that a thing like this couldn't happen. In other words, you protect your former presidents. It's -- you know, it's a terrible thing to go after a former president, other than if you're in a banana republic.

Donald Trump: It's a terrible thing.

Buck Sexton: And a possible future president as well.

Donald Trump: And a possible -- yeah, it's possible.

Buck Sexton: Do you think they would put you in -- in jail and do you think that would benefit you?

Donald Trump: I don't know -- I don't --

Buck Sexton: -- I don't get the sense that you're going to stop talking --

Donald Trump: -- I don't want to say -- yeah, I don't want to say about benefit because I don't want to predict that, but would I -- would they -- if they could, I think they would do it. Yeah, I think it's not beyond them. I think these are very deranged and angry people.

Buck Sexton: Have you thought about if they put you in prison and you're the nominee that you could be trying to run for president from prison? I mean, that's a crazy thing to even have to consider. Have you contemplated it?

Donald Trump: Well, a lot of crazy things have happened over the last period of time. And number one, I won the election that people said couldn't happen. You know, in the history of elections, presidential, 93 percent have been politicians, 7 percent have been generals and there's never been sort of an outsider. I guess I was the ultimate outsider.

Donald Trump: So you know, a lot of things have happened and we did a great job and it could happen again for somebody, although when they see what I go through, I've had a lot of successful people say wow, at first when you did it, I think, you know, they -- they sort of said, I wish I could have done that. But now a lot of people that are very successful would not do it.

Buck Sexton: Well, we often say, sir, the process is the punishment. And even if you can make it through this process, it sends a message to a lot of other people who maybe down the line would want to challenge --

Note: [Audio gap]

Buck Sexton: -- indictments and all this craziness. You know, there is a Republican debate that is happening tonight.

Buck Sexton: You're not going to be there. You're doing your event at Hialeah. Just wondering if -- well, one thing, how do you think your competitors are going to do tonight on the stage against each other? Do you have any predictions you would share with us? And also assuming you win, would you consider any of the people debating tonight as a possible VP candidate?

Donald Trump: It's possible. Look, some of them I like a lot. Some of them are running. I happen to have a couple of them that are very friendly. They -- well, you could look at some say I was the best president in a generation --

Buck Sexton: -- Vivek has said that.

Donald Trump: He has said it. A couple of others have said it, too. Nikki Haley actually said he was a great president. I would never run against him. He was a great, great president. The best president in 100 years. And then you know, three months later, "I will be running against the president." So you know these are politicians.

Donald Trump: It's one of those things. Yeah, I respect a number of them and some I have no respect. I mean, what is this guy Asa Hutchinson doing? He's at zero and he keeps running. And I thought he was out because he didn't make the last debate or the first debate and he's still in there and I probably didn't make this debate either, right?

Donald Trump: But he's still in there. What's he doing?

Buck Sexton: We have our theories about this, but wondering what you think. Why is Chris Christie running?

Donald Trump: Maybe to get a job. He's a guy that is very angry that I didn't give him a job because I didn't trust him. But he's -- that's his only problem, by the way. He really wanted to be a certain position and I just didn't want to do it. I didn't feel he was trustworthy, and I'm right about that. He's very deranged and he's making a fool out of himself.

Donald Trump: He's at less than 2 percent now. He's doing very poorly. Hutchinson is doing horribly. Governor of North Dakota is actually a very capable guy, but he's not getting his message across at all. You know, he's made some money. He's successful, good guy. He is a very good guy, always supported me, by the way.

Donald Trump: In two elections, I always had his endorsement and his support and probably will again because, you know, he doesn't seem to be making [Inaudible] started off on a pretty good foot, but he's having a hard time, and I think he'll probably support me if he gets out when he gets out. But if you look at the States, I'm doing great in Iowa, I'm doing great in New Hampshire, I'm doing great in South -- you know, winning by like 40 points.

Clay Travis: Are you surprised at all by the numbers that came out just recently about you ahead in, I think it was five of the six swing states? New York Times poll. I mean, you probably thought it was good, sir, but did you think it was that good at this point?

Donald Trump: Well, we had the Washington Post poll a week before and that one had us up at 11. They actually started off at 9, then they had to change it to 10.

Clay Travis: They had to actually write and say, hey, these are the results, but we don't believe them.

Donald Trump: That's right. They said this must be an outlier, right, to be exact. This must be an outlier. How would you like to spend $1 million on a poll and get the results, not like them, and call it an outlier?

Clay Travis: And immediately have to claim that it wasn't accurate because it was too beneficial to you. Buck mentioned VP. I said I would ask you this, would you consider Tucker Carlson on your VP list?

Donald Trump: Oh, wow.

Clay Travis: I want to give you a hypothetical here. You're a big sports fan. You know, like Nick Saban's going to retire at some point. And if you talk to the athletic director at Alabama, he would say he has a list. So would Tucker Carlson be on your list of potential VPs? And how many names might be on that list as you sit and look and survey the political field?

Donald Trump: Well, first of all, you know, I did my first, you could call it counter-programming, but I won't call it that, but Tucker wanted to do an interview during the first debate and I think you know because this is what your business is, we broke every record --

Clay Travis: -- Monster audience --

Donald Trump: -- In history, yeah. I think it just hit over 300 million people, but it was for that evening over 207 million. It then got to 275 within a day or two. And the biggest ever was Oprah's interview with Michael Jackson, which was 125 million. So we almost doubled it. Now, who would have thought that was going to happen?

Donald Trump: The debate, the last debate they had had the lowest audience in the history of presidential debates. I don't know if you know it. And I think the one tonight is not -- it's on tonight and I don't even talk about it.

Clay Travis: Would you consider Tucker though that they based on those numbers?

Donald Trump: I like Tucker a lot. I guess I would. I think I'd say I would because he's got great common sense. You know, when they say that you guys are conservative or I'm conservative, it's not that we're conservative. We have common sense. We want to have safe borders. We want to have a wall because walls work. You know what when I used to say about walls, I'd say wheels and walls.

Donald Trump: Everything changes. The computer that you have in front of you in about a month from now will be totally obsolete. Right now, you have the finest equipment in the world and in about a month from now, that equipment will be obsolete. The only two things for centuries that's not obsolete are wheels and walls, right?

Clay Travis: Pretty good.

Donald Trump: So no, when you think about it, right, wheels -- a wheel will always be a wheel. It's never going to change. And a wall will always be a wall.

Clay Travis: And it'll work all the time.

Donald Trump: No, no walls work. Remember when they were saying walls don't work.

Buck Sexton: They were saying they don't work.

Donald Trump: Remember? Walls --

Clay Travis: -- Joe Biden's got a wall at his beach house, by the way.

Donald Trump: Yeah. He does. And by the way, there are a lot of other walls. Nancy Pelosi has a wall, also. And if she didn't have a wall -- of course it didn't work that well with respect to the husband. But you know, generally speaking, it would work.

Buck Sexton: Mr. President, want to talk to you about the -- the economy. Bidenomics, maybe we could get into that in a moment and we'll close out here with you in just a second. All right, we're closing up shop here on Clay and Buck with former President Trump sitting here at Mar a Lago in advance of his massive Hialeah rally tonight in South Florida.

Buck Sexton: We also, Clay, I am super excited have got ourselves Trump Mug Shot T-shirt courtesy --

Clay Travis: -- You have to tell our audience --

Buck Sexton: -- Courtesy of the president himself --

Clay Travis: -- The story about nailing this shot quickly. The mug shot photo is iconic.

Donald Trump: Well, I went to Atlanta --

Clay Travis: -- Tell people how.

Donald Trump: Yeah, I'll give it to you. One take. I went to Atlanta and I was greeted by a sheriff who was really very nice and he was apologetic for having to do it. And we walked into a building. A lot of police and they were so nice waving to me and everything else. It was a little -- a little interesting and they said, "Sir, are you ready?? I said, "For what?" "We're going to take a photo of you." And it was a camera in the ceiling.

Donald Trump: I said, "OK, where is it?" "It's up in the ceiling." And I looked at the ceiling. "Ready, sir?" "Yeah." Boom, and they didn't do two, three, four, five. And when I saw it, which was sent to us a few hours later, when I saw the picture, I couldn't believe it. I said it's actually a decent picture. It's a good picture.

Donald Trump: It's maybe -- they were all saying this is an iconic picture. This was something that was very unusual. I figured it would be a horrible --

Clay Travis: -- You're like an Instagram star.

Donald Trump: I thought it was going to be a horrible picture, but it was a pretty cool.

Buck Sexton: It came out very well. We appreciate the t-shirt. So I want to try to -- to get everybody on a hopeful note here because a lot of our audience feels like right now we talked about the national security challenges under Biden. We've talked about the wide open border, the crime in cities, and the economic impact of this administration.

Buck Sexton: People can't afford food. They can't afford gas. They're running up credit card bills that they're going to be stuck with for years just paying off the interest. Bidenomics, as you know, was something they rolled out and have basically rolled back because they realize it's not going to -- it's not going to work for them, not with inflation where it is not with mortgage rates where they are.

Buck Sexton: People look back to 2019, They look back the last year of your presidency and they think about the economy that we had, not with COVID going on, just the economy that we had for the years of your -- of your first term. How do we get back there? Can we get back there? What would you do?

Donald Trump: Well, we can. We have the greatest economy in history and now we have a bad economy and inflation has destroyed it. And anything they do have, it's just the fumes of -- from what we left because we left the best numbers that anybody's ever seen. And -- and we -- as -- acknowledged to be the greatest economy in history.

Donald Trump: I'm the president with the greatest economy. And we were also very safe. We had security, we had everything going, but we're going to bring back energy and we're going to get energy down. It's very expensive. It's $5, $5, and even in California, it's $8.09 today for a tank -- for a gallon of gasoline, we're going to get that way down.

Donald Trump: We're going to bring energy way down, that's going to bring other things down. We're going to get rid of inflation, we're going to lower interest rates, you're going to be able to buy a house again and we will get this going so incredibly well. We're going to strengthen the border -- not strengthen it, it's so weak now.

Donald Trump: We're going to make it really like I had it if not stronger. You know, he likes to go to the beach. If he just went to the beach when he came in, just went to the beach every single day, he inherited the strongest border we've ever had and now we have the worst. He inherited the greatest economy ever, especially pre-COVID. But then I got it back to a point where the stock market was higher than when COVID first came in.

Buck Sexton: Yeah, the recovery is underway --

Donald Trump: -- Nobody can even believe it. The recovery was incredible what we did in just a short period of time. And he inherited all of these things. I rebuilt the military. We did so much and if he just would have gone to the beach every day -- because somebody in his group, you know, one of these consultants likes him on the beach.

Donald Trump: I don't particularly think it looks very good.

Clay Travis: You don't think he looks good shirtless?

Donald Trump: I don't think -- and when he can't lift one of those chairs that weighs six ounces at any -- made for anybody to lift.

Clay Travis: 74 percent, by the way, even on CNN, we were talking about that stat earlier, think that he does not have the stamina to be president of the United States. I mean 74 percent. It's hard. By the way, this is breaking news I wanted to hit you with. James Comer, House Oversight Committee has announced subpoenas targeting President Biden's family, including Hunter and James Biden.

Clay Travis: How corrupt do you think the Biden family is? And in retrospect now that you got impeached for asking about clear Ukrainian corruption actions of the Bidens.

Donald Trump: Right.

Clay Travis: It's pretty extraordinary.

Donald Trump: Yeah, I got impeached for that and it turned out I was 100 percent right. Everyone says boy, that was terrible because Trump was right. I was right. You know they do have a hat says Trump was right about everything. We were right, sort of, about everything. But we were right about that. And you know, when I got indicted it was a whole new ball game for me. I now, out of respect for the office of the president before the indictment, I treated him much differently than I treat him now.

Donald Trump: I treated him with a certain degree of respect. I treated him as an opponent. Now, I treat him, and very truthful, he's the worst president we've ever had. He's grossly incompetent. He has no idea what's going on and he's totally corrupt. I wouldn't have said those things before, but they basically opened a Pandora's box, which by the way can come back to hit and really hit them hard.

Donald Trump: So I think they should have Hunter there. I think Hunter will be unable to answer the questions. And I think, frankly, they should call Joe Biden, also.

Buck Sexton: One of the biggest problems that the country has right now seems to be the two tier justice system, which you know, better -- better than most.

Donald Trump: Yeah, right.

Buck Sexton: And the weaponization of the Department of Justice and federal prosecution for political ends, how do you clean that up? Because a lot of people see this now -- Clay was talking about his IRS audit recently -- recently. A lot of people see --

Clay Travis: -- Yeah, I take over this show -- I did sports talk talk radio --

Donald Trump: -- Is that right --

Clay Travis: -- You know, nobody cared. I take this show, suddenly I got an IRS audit --

Buck Sexton: -- A lot of people seem to --

Donald Trump: -- Isn't that terrible?

Clay Travis: Yeah.

Buck Sexton: A lot of people see this, Mr. President, they say how do we come back from this? Because this was --

Donald Trump: Well, it's a two way street. It's -- when this happens, and one of the things I hated so much, this is now going to be maybe standard fare, maybe. And maybe it won't be. You know, if you pick the right people at the top, and we had some great people. You know we talk about people that I didn't like, but we had some great people that did a fantastic job.

Donald Trump: All of the things we did, you know, rebuilding the military, all the things we did, we had some unbelievable people in the administration. But it does start from the top of a big agency, whether it's DOJ or FBI. You pick the right people, you have to get the right ones and when you get it right, it's beautiful.

Donald Trump: Most of our agencies were phenomenal, the job they did. Environmental as an example. The environmental didn't stop us, and yet we were very environmentally friendly, but it didn't stop us from doing things that were incredible. You know, we didn't -- it wasn't a bottleneck. They just used it for a bottleneck.

Donald Trump: I used it to have clean air, clean water, and let's get the job done and let's produce a lot of jobs. But we have to get the right people. But when it comes to the weaponization, that's a very dangerous game they're playing because if I win, I can say, well, you know, there's a Democrat that's really doing well against me, Mr. Attorney General, make sure you indict him because you can indict anybody for anything.

Donald Trump: You can walk across the street the wrong way and you can get indicted, and it's a shame. It's a shame and they've opened a box that should never have been opened. And on nonsense, they say I challenged the election. Of course I did. It was a corrupt election, but I challenge it, but they all challenge the election in 2016. I mean, almost every Democrat Congressman and Senator challenged the election in 2016. But when we challenge it, they open a box where you get indicted over it, and that's a very dangerous thing for them but it's a very bad thing and dangerous thing for our country.

Buck Sexton: Will there are a lot of pardons and commutations of people that you think were treated unfairly, J6 defendants, January 6th defendants under your administration -- your administration?

Donald Trump: Yes, absolutely. They were treated horribly. And it's very interesting. When I see that very expensive fence that I built in front of the White House, you know, we built that, we rebuilt it, it's made of titanium and it's really -- when I see that being damaged by these people, that's the White House. You have the Capitol?

Buck Sexton: Most of these protesters --

Donald Trump: -- Let's see what happens to those peaceful protesters about the damage that they're doing to the White House and areas around the White House, because we have people put in jail for five, six, seven years who didn't do anything wrong. And yes, that will happen very quickly.

Buck Sexton: Quickly, do you want cameras in the event you're in a courtroom?

Donald Trump: Well, I'd love to, but I wish they had it when I testified. You know, now it's going to be perhaps a little bit less exciting. It's very sad to watch my daughter be dragged along by that attorney general, who's just a disgraceful person. Disgraceful.

Buck Sexton: President Trump, thanks for being here with us. We'll talk to you again soon.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, fellas.