Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-dan-ball-real-america-podcast-december-8-2023

David Feherty: Mr. Trump, or may I call you the Donald?

Donald Trump: Absolutely. Whatever you want.

David Feherty: I'll even drop the "the."

Donald Trump: OK.

David Feherty: Well, normally, I bring my guests some kind of a gift and, in your case, I thought it would be appropriate if I brought an inflatable Rosie O'Donnell. The problem is that we started inflating her a couple of days ago and she's not ready yet.

Donald Trump: Oh, that's not good.

David Feherty: Yeah, so --

Donald Trump: -- That's not good --

David Feherty: -- We'll have to wait. And it's another issue is whether or not we can get her in the elevator, but I'll get her to you. We're here in Trump Tower, kind of your landmark property. It's got the most amazing view over New York, the whole of Central Park in every direction. It's unbelievable. What is it about New York?

David Feherty: Why do you love it?

Donald Trump: Well, it's a special place, David. It's got tremendous energy. It's got great people. You know when you hear a World Trade Center, two 110 story buildings coming down and, within a few months, it was terrible loss of life, billions and billions and probably trillions of damage. And yet, within a few months the city was boom, boom, boom and rebuilding again and it's just got a great energy and just great people.

David Feherty: In your tenure as one of America's captains of -- admirals of industry, if you like, you know you've made a pants load of money, lost a pants load of money, made it again, what do you think your fair share of taxes is?

Donald Trump: Well, I pay a lot of tax, I can tell you that.

David Feherty: I imagine.

Donald Trump: And you know many, many, many millions of dollars and I'm happy to do it. What I do think is that I would like to see the money spent more wisely. When I build a project or when I do anything I do, I have budgets and I have costs and I have places where I want to spend the money. I want to spend the money here.

Donald Trump: I want to spend the money there and it's very exacting. And when I look at this country, we don't know what we're doing. We have a $15 trillion, which is really going to be soon $16 trillion deficit. The money is going out on all sides. And you know, when they talk about raising taxes, do I mind raising?

Donald Trump: I don't mind anything as long as they can get their expenses under control, which they haven't been able to do and the country is really in trouble. Big trouble.

David Feherty: Is that one of the reasons that you decided that you'd put your name in the hat running for president?

Donald Trump: Well, I looked into the possibility of doing it and I was leading in the polls. I was leading in all the polls and, in fact, when I decided not to do it because between NBC and everybody else that was putting tremendous pressure to do the show, The Apprentice, to do all of the different things I'm doing and buying Doral and buying lots of other things, I have a lot of life.

Donald Trump: And to be -- to be honest --

David Feherty: -- How do you manage --

Donald Trump: -- Well, it's a bunch of --

David Feherty: -- All of this stuff --

Donald Trump: -- But I loved running. And you know, when you're a businessman, especially when you're a big businessman, it's very hard to sort of give up your life and give up everything you've been doing. When you're a politician, you run for office, you lose or you win.Then you go into the next one. You lose or you win.

David Feherty: Well, you also have a tremendous searchlight shone right up your kilt.

Donald Trump: Especially when I got to the top of the polls. I was getting articles that were unbelievable that had nothing to do with the truth and they're just writing stuff and you have your people call the reporter because at this point you realize the reporter is so dishonest. You have the right people call and they don't really want to hear the truth.

Donald Trump: And you know, it's very interesting where the public they do polls and the -- the public is not a big believer in the press, which tells you the public is really pretty smart. But certain things were said, it's not even relevant, but they were so dishonest and knowingly dishonest. So being a politician is not easy.

Donald Trump: And when you do well with it, it's certainly not easy.

David Feherty: It's a dirty job. I mean, you've got to make decisions that -- that are going to affect other people's lives that are tough.

Donald Trump: Well, it's a really fair question. It's a tough question because you have so many different things. Do you spend here and not spend there? First of all, we have to take care of our people and we have to take care of this country. And the country really isn't being taken care of right now because we're going to become a not so great country in the not too distant future.

Donald Trump: And some people would say we've already hit that number.

David Feherty: Empires rise and they fall.

Donald Trump: They do, but I would like to see ours continue to rise or at least stay the same and not go in the wrong direction. And you know, when they talk about Medicare, when they talk about Social Security, when they talk about lots of good things, positive things, that's great, but you have to have a country that's a wealthy country.

Donald Trump: You can't have a country that's a poor country. We're a debtor nation. We borrow money from China and other places to stay afloat. There's no reason for that. We have unbelievable potential if we knew how to use it, and we don't know how to use it.

David Feherty: Tell me something about your early childhood memories. I know that your father was a huge influence and -- and you went into business with him.

Donald Trump: Well, he was. He was a builder in Brooklyn and Queens, primarily, and I learned a lot from my father. He was a really good builder, knew how to build on time, on budget. He got it done.

David Feherty: He's an endangered species.

Donald Trump: That's right. You don't see it often nowadays when you look at what goes on.

David Feherty: No kidding.

Donald Trump: But he was really a wonderful guy and a wonderful mentor and he was also potentially a very good golfer. He was very interesting. He didn't play golf, but I remember playing with him once we went out to a public course in Queens called Forest Park and I had never played. But what I remembered about him was he was very talented.

Donald Trump: I mean, he probably played 10 rounds of golf in his life, but he had a great swing and he could have really been a good golfer if he played. But he didn't play. But I was impressed by his game.

David Feherty: Do you remember the first business deal that you did with your dad when you became partners?

Donald Trump: I did and I was actually going to high school and I'd help him. But when I was in college, I went out to Cincinnati, Ohio, I worked out there on a certain job called Swifton Village and I turned it around. I really did a good job and it was sort of over the summer, but I worked very hard and I loved it. I loved real estate from the beginning.

Donald Trump: I like taking something and, if it's a sick puppy, that's good because I make it better.

David Feherty: You went to a really good college.

Donald Trump: Right, The Wharton School of Finance.

David Feherty: It's not easy to get in there.

Donald Trump: No.

David Feherty: Where did you get that acumen?

Donald Trump: Well, I guess maybe you're born with something, but a Wharton is a great school. I think it's probably the best school, probably the hardest school to get into. It was sort of interesting because a lot of the people that are the big successes today, they went to Wharton and you competed against them at a young age and you felt you did very well against them and it gives you a little confidence.

Donald Trump: Almost more than what you learn, it gives you confidence to win. Winning is a wonderful thing, but it gives you confidence to win.

David Feherty: What constitutes a win for Donald Trump?

Donald Trump: Well, I've watched and I've studied that word for many years and in the end it's really your own happiness because I know many people that are very, very successful, friends, enemies very, very successful and in some cases they're extremely unhappy. Then I know people that aren't successful or are not very successful and they are happy.

Donald Trump: They have a great family. They have, you know, they just -- in my opinion, they're much happier. So I would say those people maybe are the winners. It's not all about success, but those people probably are the winners, David.

David Feherty: You've written several books. Is there a sense of personal achievement? Do you do that for the record, if you like?

Donald Trump: Well, I wrote a book in 1987 called the Art of the deal, which was the biggest selling business book, to my understanding, of all time and it's still a big selling book and it was a great honor to be number one many, many, many weeks in every list of the New York Times list, every list for many, many weeks.

Donald Trump: And over the years, I've now written 11 books and they've all done great.

David Feherty: Where do you find the time?

Donald Trump: What I do is I bring people with me. If I make a speech, I bring people and we mark down things.

David Feherty: Right.

Donald Trump: And then we compile everything at the end of the year and we come out with a book.

David Feherty: Right.

Donald Trump: And it does well. But I figure that's better than sitting down for a period of three days and trying to knock out a book. You know, you do it during the course of a year. Lots of interesting things happen. Lots of things happen that you never thought could happen.

David Feherty: And things happen that --

Donald Trump: -- So I've done 11 books, and they've been great.

David Feherty: -- That you don't remember that those other people might recall.

Donald Trump: Well, that's true. That's true.

David Feherty: That happens to me all the time.

Donald Trump: Yeah, you bring the right people, they recall lots of different things. So it's sort of --

David Feherty: -- Yeah. So you've seen my people, what are the odds?

Donald Trump: There is a great thing to books, though, and there's something prestigious about it to me. And I also, you know, I've done a lot and I think I've learned a lot and I like to impart that knowledge to people. If people can read a book and learn something and have a better life because of it, have -- make more money because of it, do better, take care of their kids and the education and the medical and I'm -- that really makes me happy.

David Feherty: So in '87 you write Trump: The Art of the Deal, you know, how to make money. And then in the early 90s you discover how not to make it because, you know, it goes down the toilet a little while for you. How do you make it out of that?

Donald Trump: Well, it was interesting because the world absolutely was collapsing and the real estate markets just were tanking all over the world, but in this country in particular and it was tough, the early 90s. And one story that I relate to people about golf, there was one banker who was really looking to do bad numbers on me and I was playing this day and they said we need another person and this guy was at the course.

Donald Trump: It was the weirdest thing. I mean, not a member, not -- and they said, would you like to join the group And he joined when he saw, I was in the group, he wanted to get out, but then he decided to join. He was a terrible golfer. Terrible.

David Feherty: And a villainous banker?

Donald Trump: And a villainous -- he was not a friend of mine, but I said you know what you'll be -- it'll be -- you and I. Let's see how we do, and he starts off. I say I'm in deep trouble because I owe this man, meaning his bank, tens and tens of millions of dollars. He starts off by topping the first ball topping this -- he was horrible for two or three holes and he had a terrible grip.

Donald Trump: He had a very weak grip. And I said, you know, do me a favor, just take your hands and put the V to the shoulder, strengthen your grip. It was the weirdest thing I've ever seen. The guy ends up hitting a ball as well as he can hit it 20ft out to the right and hooks back in which I consider the nicest shot.

David Feherty: Oh, wow.

Donald Trump: Forget about the power fades and all of that. I mean, I love it when they go out and come back, OK? I like them, boom. So he hits this ball. He said I've never hit a shot like that. Then he hits another one. Same thing. Starts out to the right, hooks back in. He ends up playing the best round he's ever played.

Donald Trump: Hit the ball the best he's ever played. Goes to the range afterwards, hits balls all day long. He couldn't believe that he actually is hitting the ball well and he sees me the next day and he goes, could we work it all out? Come on. We had lunch, I worked it out with him in about 10 minutes. Without golf, that wouldn't have happened.

Donald Trump: And who knows, maybe I wouldn't be sitting here. Who knows. So golf is pretty good --

David Feherty: I'd suspect you'd be sitting here.

Donald Trump: I don't know, but he was a lot nicer after I got to be his partner at a golf match.

David Feherty: Do you like the limelight?

Donald Trump: David, people think I like the limelight and the truth is probably sometimes I do, but sometimes I would love to be able to walk outside. You know, in the old days I'd walk the streets of New York and I'd see things that I liked and I'd make moves on them and I can't do that anymore. I don't have those moments where I can just go to the park or do something.

Donald Trump: It's not quite as simple as that. I think a lot of that had to do with the great success of The Apprentice, frankly.

David Feherty: Did you ever see yourself hosting one of the most successful shows of all time?

Donald Trump: I never saw it happen. I never thought it could happen.

David Feherty: How did it happen?

Donald Trump: Well, I had great success and I was then presented with an opportunity. But in the meantime, I do a Larry King or I do shows, I do Mike Wallace on 60 Minutes. They interviewed me a couple of times and I'd get very good ratings for whatever reason. You know, they have these minute by minutes, right, where they spike.

David Feherty: Yes. Yes.

Donald Trump: So all of a sudden people see that, television people are smart, entertainment people, and they'd say, well, let's get Trump here. So I kept getting lots of calls to do television. And Mark Burnett called and he said I have this idea that I'll only do if you do it, it's called The Apprentice. So we did the show and it started at 10 and went to 8 and went to 5 and went to 4 and 3 and then it became the number 1 show on many evenings.

Donald Trump: I mean, it became this monster success and NBC started calling. Happy Birthday, Donald. And I didn't know anything. All I knew was Steve Weiss, the head of NBC calling and wishing me a happy birthday. I said that must mean the show is doing very well. Anyway, it's been an amazing show. It's in many, many countries now, but it has totally taken away any semblance of private life that I've had.

David Feherty: Have you ever been in a situation where you've known that if you create a little controversy it's going to work to your advantage?

Donald Trump: I don't think I do it consciously, but it seems to happen. I mean, controversy always seems to follow me, and sometimes that's a good thing. I get calls from people in Paris, I get calls from people in New York, they read about this or that. And I think it's actually been a very great positive, so sometimes controversy can be good.

Donald Trump: Not always, but sometimes I think controversy can be very good.

David Feherty: What does it mean to you to be able to give back?

Donald Trump: Well, I just think it's very important. There's so many people -- when I look at ourselves sitting up here with these beautiful views and everything else, and then all you have to do is turn on the evening news and you see the kind of travesty and tragedy that's going on all over the world. And I just think it's very important to give back.

Donald Trump: You know, it's all very fragile. This is very fragile. Life is very fragile and it makes me feel good to give.

David Feherty: Speaking of the evening news, it's the only program where they start with good evening and then tell you exactly why it isn't.

Donald Trump: Yeah, that's a very interesting statement. It's tragic. When you look at some of the news, especially, I don't know, I guess it's always been that way, but lately it's just disaster. You watch it, it's really depressing. Disaster after -- how often do you see a good story? Like, never.

David Feherty: Apparently, it's not news. And there was a period in my life where, you know, I was extremely sick that I couldn't watch the news. I became so overwhelmed with sadness. I mean, depression is a disease that you -- your body has an immune system. Depression, the best way I can describe it is when the immune system in your head goes down and all of those things that you watch on the news that you can let brush off you and, you know, all of a sudden it becomes your child that was molested or your son that was beheaded or whatever, and you cannot get rid of it, you know?

David Feherty: So --

Donald Trump: -- Well, you're doing amazingly well. I didn't know that about you, but you're doing amazingly well.

David Feherty: I'm seriously not right.

Donald Trump: Yeah, well, I think you're great. I happen to love this guy.

David Feherty: I was --

Donald Trump: -- And I love your show, too. So it's an honor to be with you. You know what, though, that's interesting stuff because that's life.

David Feherty: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And I have many friends - I actually have -- there's a large group of people, friends that I have that are great people, but they do suffer these tremendous bouts of depression.

David Feherty: Oh, there's a lot more of it around than -- than --

Donald Trump: -- Yeah, than people understand --

David Feherty: -- There's a stigma that goes with it because it's a mental illness and people have that, you know, they're ashamed of it and they don't get treated as a result. Mike Wallace from 60 Minutes and CBS is a tremendous hero of mine --

Donald Trump: -- Friend of mine. He did a 60 Minute piece on me.

David Feherty: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And he got a lot of heat because it was so good. It was such a positive piece. I loved Mike Wallace. I thought there was nobody like him.

David Feherty: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But you're right, he suffered massive depression.

David Feherty: Yeah, a great man. So you've ended up surrounded by cameras. A lot of people won't know that at USC, you actually considered going into TV and film, you know, to be a producer.

Donald Trump: I did. I actually -- when I was going to college, I wanted to be a professional baseball player, but those weren't good times for baseball in terms of you make $2. But I actually wanted to go to USC to make movies and I was getting ready to apply and a friend of mine who's in the movie business was looking for a house and I helped him with a house.

Donald Trump: He said, why do you want to make movies? You know so much about real estate. I got that from my father. He said you shouldn't go into the movies, you should be in the real estate business. And I sort of went into the more natural business of real estate because my father was in the business in Brooklyn and Queens, and I'm very happy I did.

Donald Trump: But hopefully I put a little show business into -- into the real estate business.

David Feherty: So was that an actual turning point for you? I mean, could you accidentally have slipped into television and movies?

Donald Trump: I was very close. I mean, I was going to apply. USC has a great school of cinema and I was going to apply to USC to go and learn how to make movies and make movies.

David Feherty: You've got The Celebrity Apprentice. I mean, there are now people who are celebrities for no other reason than -- actually for no reason.

Donald Trump: Well, but you may say it's a talent also. I agree with you in some cases, but in some cases it's a talent. You have some of these, as an example, a couple of young ladies who -- I know them all. I know every one of them.

David Feherty: I believe you.

Donald Trump: And they, well, in a very positive way, but they make a big business out of being a celebrity. They'll get paid $50,000 to go to the opening of a club. They'll get paid $100,000 to be at the ribbon cutting for some club.

David Feherty: What is it that sets them apart? Because there are a lot of beautiful young girls --

Donald Trump: -- Right, more beautiful.

David Feherty: Yeah.

Donald Trump: They get nothing.

David Feherty: Yeah.

Donald Trump: More beautiful.

David Feherty: But there are family connections and --

Donald Trump: -- No, it just works. You don't know why. Sometimes I'll look at somebody, I'm not using names, but every one of them I know very well, and I'll say I don't get it. I don't get it. What -- what's -- you can look at the room and you'll see 25 more women that are far more beautiful. But see that thing over there.

Donald Trump: It's called a camera. It just registers. It works. And for whatever reason, you may not see great beauty or great anything or great brainpower, but for whatever reason, people watch. And if people watch, you know your business that you're now in, in a very good way and doing very well, by the way in terms of ratings and everything else, and I'm proud of you, but your business that you're now in, it's all about ratings.

David Feherty: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's very interesting. I was hosting Saturday Night Live and Lorne Michaels, who's a total pro, said to me -- there was such hoopla and such craziness. Everybody was going crazy. And I said, "You know, Lorne, someday it won't be like this. NBC will call me and they'll say, 'Donald, we're canceling The Apprentice because the ratings are no good.'"He says, "No, no, Donald, they won't even call." There's a little truth to that.

David Feherty: How much do you delegate?

Donald Trump: Well, I have a lot of good people and I probably have people that aren't so good and usually I try and find them out as quickly as possible.

David Feherty: You've got a lot of great people here for a start. You know, Larry, I walked in here and he said no, that's not going to work. You've got to take you downstairs and he put me in this suit was the finest piece of clothing that I own.

Donald Trump: Well, I'm very impressed. I tell you, I walked in -- I was very surprised to see this, but I'm very impressed. Larry made you do that.

David Feherty: Well, exactly. And he made you pay for it, but I should probably --

Donald Trump: -- Wow, that's OK, too.

David Feherty: Yeah, probably shouldn't have mentioned that. You've always had a love of sport. You know, golf seems to be right at the top of the list at the minute, but you know you played football, you played baseball, you played soccer at school and at college. Why was it that you chose golf, you know, in the end?

Donald Trump: Well, I always really enjoyed sports playing it. I love watching sports, but I've always been involved with sports. And you know, when you get out of college or high school, if you were -- I was always captain of my baseball teams and I was -- I always did well with sports. I was a good athlete, which really surprises people.

Donald Trump: But now you get to a certain age where you don't have 18 people you can get together or you don't have 22 people to get together. And the great thing about golf, I found, is you can play with people that are phenomenal or terrible and you can have a great match. It's one of the great handicapping sports of all time.

Donald Trump: You get 4 strokes, you get 5 strokes, you give 10 strokes, but I always enjoyed golf and I've had a lot of fun with golf. It just gave me a release and then I started doing the whole thing 12 years ago with golf courses.

David Feherty: It's been like rats leaving a sinking ship recently. You know, people trying to get out of the golf development business, and yet you're the one that's been investing in it.

Donald Trump: Well, I started building -- I started in Palm Beach in Westchester building from scratch courses. Then over the last four or five years when the economy crashed, I started buying courses. I bought one, the phenomenal one right next to Pine Valley done by Tom Fazio. Great. I bought two courses in Washington right outside of Washington, three miles on the Potomac River, the most beautiful.

Donald Trump: Now, I blew them up and built something spectacular. So I sort of have two phases. I did the original where I built and then I bought for good discounts from banks and out of different problems courses that could only be really great if I touched them up. So I've had a lot of fun with it. I've enjoyed it. I think I've been very good for golf.

Donald Trump: I've saved some courses that would have been probably abandoned and now they have tremendous memberships and everybody's happy. So I think I've done a good job for golf. I hope I've done a good job for golf. And while it's not my main business, I really enjoy it. I love the beauty of taking this piece of land and making it something special.

Donald Trump: I've always enjoyed that.

David Feherty: Bedminster is one of your golf courses in which I'm particularly interested. I've done a speaking engagement down there and I walked the golf course. It was gorgeous and, heck, there are a number of -- in the area, that golf course is -- there's a bunch of golf courses that would consider themselves to be possible PGA Championship venues or Ryder Cup venues.

David Feherty: Why isn't a place like Bedminster under consideration?

Donald Trump: A very smart man in your profession said to me that if you want to have a US open --

David Feherty: -- There aren't many of those.

Donald Trump: Not too many. But he actually said we have a phenomenal complex, as an example, in Washington. It's called Trump National Golf Club and it's in Washington. Right outside of Washington. It's right along the Potomac. Three miles on the Potomac River. He said, "Do you want to have a US open here?" I said, "I'd love it." "Change the name." He said, "You've got everything.

Donald Trump: Change the name." And I said to him, you know, you could be right. Now at the same time, the course is booming. It's a tremendous success. Bedminster Trump National Golf Club, Bedminster, New Jersey, booming. All of my courses are booming. Without the name, they don't boom. I really believe as great as Bedminster is, and some people think it's one of the best built in 25 years, as great as it is, I think the best reviews I've ever gotten on anything is, of course, that hasn't opened yet.

Donald Trump: It opens in July, and that's in Scotland.

David Feherty: Oh, now that's the one I wanted to ask you about because there was one particular person whom I think controlled a little piece of land.

Donald Trump: Are you talking about Mr. Forbes?

David Feherty: Yes, the -- the farmer.

Donald Trump: He controlled a piece of land, but it wasn't anywhere near the golf course. It was in a different area. But we tried to buy his land for an unrelated project because I have 2000 acres.

David Feherty: Oh, it was an unrelated project.

Donald Trump: Yes, it was an unrelated project. I mean, the big thing that got publicity is when I bought the land, people said you'll never be able to build. They're the largest dunes in the world, the great dunes of Scotland.

David Feherty: Oh yeah.

Donald Trump: And they said you'll never be able to build -- touch them because they were -- they call it SSSI. That's scientifically protected. So when I bought the land, I'm a big boy, I took the land, I didn't take it subject to getting zoning because you wouldn't have been able to do that, although I got a good price based on the fact that you wouldn't be able to do anything with the land.

Donald Trump: I then went in and got it zoned, much to the surprise of a lot of people.

David Feherty: Do you think there's more chance of you getting a Ryder Cup Not in this country, but maybe over there?

Donald Trump: Well, people have asked me that question. I think it's more likely that I get a major, meaning, I think I'll get a Women's US Open in Bedminster, but I think I'm more likely to get a major in Scotland.

David Feherty: The course in Scotland, will it be the McTrump international?

Donald Trump: No, no, no, it's called Trump International Golf Links, Scotland. And it's located on 650 acres, which as you know is a tremendous swath --

David Feherty: -- That's a big piece of land.

Donald Trump: It's right near Royal Aberdeen. And interestingly, for years I've heard Royal Aberdeen has the greatest nine holes anywhere in the world. Well, it's the same dune system. And that's -- and I love Royal Aberdeen and they were so supportive of me. I'm not sure I would have been if I were them, but when you see what we've built there, it will be something special.

David Feherty: You know, for those of you that don't know where Aberdeen is or this particular area, they call it the North Sea up there. It's actually the Arctic Circle. Yeah, the people in Aberdeen, they're not white people. They're pale blue. If you had the choice, say 30, 40 years ago of ending up as a world class golfer or as a world class real estate developer, which would you have chosen?

Donald Trump: Well, I love my life now. I mean, I love what I'm doing with golf, but it's not a big part of my life, relatively speaking. And one of the reasons, I employ thousands of people. I take care of their educations indirectly. I mean, I pay salaries to the husband or to the wife and lots of health, lots of educations, lots of care is given to that family, and that makes me happy and I wouldn't be obviously doing that if I were even an extremely good golfer.

Donald Trump: So I'm very happy with where I am right now.

David Feherty: In order to be world class at anything, you have to have a high opinion of yourself and quite often that can be confused with with arrogance. You know, there are a lot of people that think that you're a world class [Inaudible].

Donald Trump: That's true.

David Feherty: Yeah, but you know, I mean does that bother you?

Donald Trump: No, I think that when I meet people, they feel that I'm a much different person. I know a lot of people don't like me, but they don't know me.

David Feherty: Right.

Donald Trump: And I'll hear, oh so-and-so cannot stand you, but I've never met him and then sometimes I'll get to meet these people or even get to know them and they actually like me. So I think it's probably a positive.

David Feherty: Just going back to politics for one moment, do you think the current system is dissuading intelligent people for putting themselves up for election?

Donald Trump: Absolutely. You have some people that are unbelievable people running corporations, people that you know people that you deal with in the golf world, but people running companies that are phenomenal leaders, phenomenally brilliant, they've done deals. They've won, won, won. They win all the time. But in winning, they may have been a little tough.

Donald Trump: They may have been a little this or that. They will be brutalized. And it's a bad, you know, it's a rough process. I don't know of any other process, but it's a rough process and I know a lot of people would be great in politics, but they could never go through the kind of scrutiny. Not that they've done anything wrong, but the press can be very dishonest and they'll make them look like they've done things wrong.

David Feherty: What do you want for your children? I mean, your father came from nothing and was successful and you learned from him. What do you want them to learn from you?

Donald Trump: I would say that I've built a tremendous company, stronger, bigger, better than it's ever been before. And what I would like to see is for my children, not so much to expand it, just to keep it going really well.

David Feherty: What's the most misunderstood thing about you apart from your hair, which is, you know, it's like the space time continuum. Most people know what it is, but they just, you know, they can't explain it.

Donald Trump: I do take -- you know, it is mine, you know --

David Feherty: -- Oh, I know. I know.

Donald Trump: This is my hair, I know, but I would say the people that don't know me think I'm a pretty rough guy and not a good guy and I think that I am actually a good person. I do have heart. I do see people in trouble and I really like to help them and I understand trouble. I understand how to help people. And you know, I think I'm a much nicer -- basically to simplify it, I think I'm a much nicer person than people would think.

Donald Trump: That's probably bad for my image, but I believe it's true.

David Feherty: Who gets the keys to the kingdom when you croak? Does Rosie have any chance?

Donald Trump: No, Rosie won't have a chance. But I do believe in children and I have great children and hopefully by that time they'll be all set and they'll be, you know, good at what they do.

David Feherty: And on the Trump tombstone, what would you like it to say?

Donald Trump: Well, I think really --

David Feherty: -- I told you I was sick.

Donald Trump: No -- yeah, well that's -- that's another one, but I think really that he did a great and quality job. Quality is very important to me. I mean, whether it's what I do in the buildings and the towers or the golf courses, it's always got to be the best. It's always got to be top quality. And so I add the words, so it's great and quality job.

David Feherty: It's quite clearly you're doing a pretty good job there. I really appreciate you taking the time --

Donald Trump: -- Well, thank you, David --

David Feherty: -- To spend with me on Feherty.

Donald Trump: It's a great honor.

David Feherty: Thank you very much

Donald Trump: Very great honor. Thank you very much.

David Feherty: That's -- you know, you've got low standards as well, I like that.