Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-glenn-beck-podcast-august-29-2023

Glenn Beck: The former President of the United States, President Donald Trump, welcome to the program, sir. How are you?

Donald Trump: Well, thank you, Glenn. I'm fine. I'm fine. You're probably right about that. I am [Inaudible].

Glenn Beck: Yeah, you are.

Donald Trump: I heard it put quite as succinctly, but it's probably true.

Glenn Beck: So, let me ask you, you know, you've seen the deep state, we now all know what you saw was true and deeper than I think any of us knew. They've weaponized everything. They are serious about trying to put you in prison. Can I ask, will you -- And can you run a campaign from a jail cell?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't think that's ever happening. We have a great case. Every case is a scam. This is just like Russia, Russia, Russia. Remember, I was going to be guilty with Russia, Russia, Russia, then all of a sudden out of nowhere with 18 radical Democrats and Bob Mueller, the Mueller report said there was no collusion, and everyone had a heart attack.

Donald Trump: And then they started Ukraine, Ukraine, Ukraine, then they started lying on FISA reports. These are bad people. These are sick people and now we're -- we have the biggest lead I've ever had. The debate -- I actually went up after the debate, as you know. We did your friend Tucker's, uh, interview and he had 261 million people, which is an all-time record.

Glenn Beck: Yeah.

Donald Trump: So, wouldn't you say -- like I didn't do a debate. I actually didn't do a debate, but I had 261 million people listening versus 11 million which they had, which was one of the lowest rated debates. So, uh, I went up fairly substantially after that. And I think the fake indictment that they did in Georgia was very helpful.

Glenn Beck: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And then they insisted on a mug shot and somehow it turned out to be very iconic.

Glenn Beck: Yeah. I have to tell you, I don't know how you -- how you do it every day. I really don't. I would have lost my mind a long time ago. You said in 2016, you know, uh, lock her up, and then when you became president, you said we don't do that in America, that's just not the right thing to do. That's what they're doing.

Glenn Beck: Do you regret not locking her up? And if you're President again, will you lock people up?

Donald Trump: Well, I'll give you an example. Uh, the answer is you have no choice because they're doing it to us. I always had such great respect for the office of the president, the presidency, and -- but the office of the president -- and I never hit Biden as hard as I could have. And then I heard he was trying to indict me and it was him that was doing it. You know, I don't think he's sharp enough to think about much, but he was there and he was probably the one giving the order.

Donald Trump: But he was, you know, hard to believe that he even thinks about that because he's -- he's gone. But then I said, well, they're actually trying to indict me because every one of these indictments is him, including Bragg. Bragg, put his -- he put his top people -- I don't know if you know this, he put his top person into the office of the Manhattan district attorney.

Donald Trump: They've been in total coordination with Fani Willis. Uh, the woman that I never met, that they accused me of rape, that's being run by a Democrat. Uh, a Democrat operative and paid for by the Democrat party. Uh, you know so many of these things -- I have a couple of other lawsuits, all funded against me by the Democrats.

Donald Trump: These are sick people, these are evil people, and it actually -- it's an amazing thing we talk about the public. The public is smarter than anyone can imagine because they understand what's happening. It's really actually -- I was doing very well before this stuff, but it's really driven my poll numbers up and you look at these, you know -- that basically they're saying I don't have a right to challenge an election.

Glenn Beck: I know.

Donald Trump: I did something, and I have to get it to you like immediately, yesterday where we put in all of the Democrats over the last 15, 20 years.

Glenn Beck: Oh, yeah.

Donald Trump: Challenging elections and we -- this tape, the problem is it would go on for two hours.

Glenn Beck: Yeah. We have 25 -- we have 25 minutes of it. I mean it's crazy.

Donald Trump: Oh, you do? You got it?

Glenn Beck: Yeah.

Donald Trump: OK.

Glenn Beck: Yeah, yeah.

Donald Trump: OK, good. Did you get that from me? Did my office send that in?

Glenn Beck: I don't know, I don't -- I don't remember where we, uh -- Do you remember, Stu? But we have it and we've played it. Yeah. Oh, yeah, yeah, it's -- it's.

Donald Trump: It's incredible, it doesn't.

Glenn Beck: No.

Donald Trump: I mean, it doesn't stop. They just -- it just keeps going and going, and much nastier. I mean, I'm -- I'm like a kind person by comparison. They're calling for death.

Glenn Beck: Oh, I know.

Donald Trump: Maxine Waters is crazy, she's like a crazed lunatic. The way she talks about people, go into restaurants and beat them up and things, you know, her statements are just unbelievable. But a lot of them are unbelievable and nobody talks about them. Hillary Clinton, who called up and conceded the night of the election, and a week later, she started saying that she won the election.

Donald Trump: Not that she -- she said I didn't win, uh, I didn't win, you know it's all -- And then she made up the Russia, Russia, Russia hoax and then after two years I won that and then they go into Ukraine, Ukraine, Ukraine. No, these are sick people.

Glenn Beck: I know.

Donald Trump: The public gets it, they get it almost as well as you do. Everybody gets it.

Glenn Beck: So, Mr. President, we have -- um, we have so many problems. I got a -- I got a call from a Democrat just last week and she said, uh, Glenn, I'm -- I'm thinking about voting for a Republican and I'm still a Democrat. She said, but I'm on a fixed income, I know for a fact what I used to have in my pocket at the end of every month is now not even there at the end of every week.

Glenn Beck: They are hurting people. Feel like the republic is over. A lot of people look at what's going on and say this can't last. Can you give people hope that change can happen and you can bring things back, uh, a republic and an economy.

Donald Trump: So, Glenn, I can. Look, we had this running until COVID, two and a half years. It was the greatest economy in the history of the world. We were -- everybody was happy, African Americans, Asian Americans, Hispanic Americans, women men, people with diplomas from MIT and people with no diplomas from high school.

Donald Trump: Everybody was happy, and frankly I was getting calls from people on the left and even the radical left get together, get together. This country was coming together. Then we got hit with COVID. We did a great job with COVID, it has never been acknowledged, but it will be in history. We did a great job with the ventilators and all the things we did because nobody knew what it was.

Donald Trump: Nobody had any clue as to what it was and we did a great job. And when we handed it back over after a terrible, terrible election, I mean, they used COVID, they cheated, even if you just go by what they did with legislatures and legislatures what they did with the consent decree in Georgia. The signing of that consent decree was by Raffensperger and the governor.

Donald Trump: The signing of that consent decree was the end of Georgia, that was the beginning of the end. And then when Doug Collins didn't get in instead of picking, you know -- you would have had Perdue, you would've had Collins, it would have been like a routine thing.

Glenn Beck: But if you look at those things --

Donald Trump: They were so badly hurt, but the signing of that consent decree -- and frankly, going around legislatures and not getting approvals and running these elections the way they ran them was a disgrace. But I got more votes than any sitting president in history by far, by millions.

Glenn Beck: I know. I know.

Donald Trump: And it's a very, very sad thing that happened to us.

Glenn Beck: So, so let me ask you because you -- you -- you talk about what has happened in the past. I look at the GOP, you know, the head of the chair of the RNC, uh, tweeted on the day that you had the mug shot her excitement for the convention to come to Houston in 2028. They're not. I mean, the GOP is not at their post.

Glenn Beck: And, uh, Wisconsin, Georgia, uh, Pennsylvania, the GOP has not been changing the things that happened last time in the election, they haven't shored those up. How do we -- how do we ensure that we have a real election if the GOP won't do anything?

Donald Trump: Yeah, you're not -- you're not wrong. Look, I've been complaining they're not tough enough. The Democrats are dirty players, they lie. They cheat. What they did was unbelievable with ballots, with every -- every conceivable form of cheating. And that includes, if you think, even the FBI. How about the FBI, Twitter?

Donald Trump: Then you have the DOJ and Facebook and you have all of these things that happened and it was incredible what they did and they used COVID to do it. But, you know, I'll tell you, my most -- two questions that I'm asked most often is the first is how do you take it? How do you live? How do you take it? And I get that asked from very successful people like you.

Glenn Beck: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But I get that asked by the most successful people, people that have been tough and smart they say, could I ask you something, president, how do you take it? And I take it because I take it. You know, I mean I sometimes say, do I have a choice? These people are crazy, but you know, I've been taking it from the day I came down the escalator.

Donald Trump: You know they made up that Russia hoax when I went up to number one in the polls. You know, if I wasn't polling -- if I were doing in fourth place, like almost everybody, you know, they're all -- they're all gone. The Republicans are all gone. They're -- they're way down. The sanctimony is very disloyal guy, he's so far down.

Donald Trump: I think he's probably not even going to be in second place much longer. But I'm -- I'm 40, 50 points ahead of all the Republicans, but they say how do you take it? The fact that there's such love of what we stand for and what we stand for is a great economy, strong borders, all of it's going to come back.

Donald Trump: The hardest thing to cure is going to be the millions and millions of people that they allowed into our country.

Glenn Beck: Yeah, I know.

Donald Trump: They allow millions of people, and Glenn, these are people from prisons, from jails, these are people from mental institutions and you can call them insane asylums which is a step above. These are the people that they're allowing into our country and there are terrorists, there are terrorists coming into our country, and they're just walking in and they're And totally -- nobody knows who they are, what they are, where they are.

Donald Trump: It's what they're doing to our country is either a death wish -- they're not stupid because anybody that could cheat that way in elections is not stupid. But what they are is, I believe, they might hate our country. They have to. [Laughter]

Glenn Beck: I think they might. They might hate our country.

Donald Trump: No, but -- and who can want open borders?

Glenn Beck: Right, I know.

Donald Trump: Who didn't want no voter ID? You know, they have a thing for voter ID. Let's -- they fight voter ID viciously. Why don't you want voter ID, because you want to cheat. And if you think about it, they have to cheat because who wants open -- who's going to vote for open borders, high taxes, high interest rates, bad economy, weak military woke -- and woke military, believe it or not.

Donald Trump: You know, I defeated ISIS with our military, I did it in four weeks. I took out ISIS. I was told by certain generals that are television generals that would take years and I flew to Iraq and I came back with some incredible information and I knocked out ISIS in four weeks. You know our military is incredible.

Donald Trump: They don't get the credit, but then you see in Afghanistan, I was all for getting out.

Glenn Beck: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I'm the one that got the troops down.

Glenn Beck: I know.

Donald Trump: But you have to keep Bagram and you have to take our soldiers out last, not first. What they did is so horrible. And I believe it was the lowest point in the history of our country. What happened, that withdrawal, the way they withdrew from Afghanistan was the lowest in the history of our country.

Glenn Beck: Yeah, I think so.

Donald Trump: We'll bring it back.

Glenn Beck: OK, so --

Donald Trump: We'll bring back the economy and we're going to bring back those strong borders.

Glenn Beck: Last question, uh, you said that you weren't, uh -- you weren't going, but you would be watching the, uh, the debate for a vice president. Have you thought of Vice President Ramaswamy?

Donald Trump: Well, I think he's great. Look, anybody that said I'm the best president in a generation, I don't know you have to define generation -- [Laughter] but it's a long time. And, uh, he said it a couple of times and he said it in 100 years. So, I have to like a guy like that, you know, I can't get upset with him, but he's a smart guy.

Donald Trump: He's a young guy. He's got a lot of talent. He's a very, very, very intelligent person. He's got good energy and he -- he could be in some form of something. I tell you, I think he'd be very good. I think he's very good. I think he's really distinguished himself. He's starting to get out there a little bit.

Donald Trump: He's a little bit getting a little bit controversial. I got to tell him be a little bit careful -- [Laughter] -- because some of the things you have to some things you have to hold in just a little bit right? But he's got a lot of good energy, I will tell you. And he's -- he's, uh, he's been very nice to me, and you know, most of them have, other than Christie.

Donald Trump: Don't forget Christie left with an 8 percent approval rating.

Glenn Beck: Oh, yeah, it was horrible.

Donald Trump: He was tied up in Bridgegate the whole thing, it was a mess.

Glenn Beck: It was --

Donald Trump: he was a disaster. It was amazing how there is the new generation and the -- the old generation of Republicans that just seem to be completely out of touch with what time it is. Yeah. They don't get it.

Glenn Beck: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And Mitch McConnell, I mean, Mitch has to go -- has to go. He's given them trillions of dollars that he could have stopped. You know, and now they're campaigning on the fact that they have trillions of dollars. That was given by Mitch and his and ten of his people that voted as he demanded that they vote.

Donald Trump: And you know, it's not that he's a leader, he raises a lot of money and he gives it to Senators.

Glenn Beck: Yeah, no.

Donald Trump: It's sort of like he buys his leadership.

Glenn Beck: Exactly right.

Donald Trump: But -- but he gave them all of this Green New Deal money and it's probably $9 trillion if you add it up. And it's like throwing it out the window, it's a horrible thing, and it does cause inflation. But it's like throwing it out the window. It's a horrible thing.

Glenn Beck: President Donald Trump, thank you very much, sir. We pray for you, millions of Americans, uh, stand behind you, and I hope more and more Americans wake up to, uh, the circus that we've turned our country into, uh, with this persecution of you. But thank you, sir. Appreciate it.

Donald Trump: Thank you and we're going to make America great again. You watch, it's going to happen fast. It's going to happen fast and I appreciate it very much, and you're a brave voice, you are a very brave voice and have been for a long time.

Glenn Beck: Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Glenn.

Glenn Beck: You bet. Bye, bye.