Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-chris-stigall-podcast-february-23-2023

Chris Stigall: Mr. President, it's a pleasure to have you back on the show, sir. Good day.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, Chris. It's my honor. Thank you.

Chris Stigall: I understand you'll be taking a trip to East Palestine. Why was that important to you?

Donald Trump: Well, when I looked at how badly they were being treated, you see these tankers up in flames going 100 feet up in the air. And -- and you see people going to other countries, and nobody's around. And FEMA didn't want to do anything, and they were going to have to do it themselves, and they weren't able to do that.

Donald Trump: Obviously, this is a big environmental disaster. And nobody did it. And the good thing is, once I announced I was going, now everybody's over there. FEMA is there. They're throwing money at them. So, we're very happy with what we did. It's wild. As soon as I announced that I was going, which I'll be doing tomorrow -- but as soon as I announced I was going, it was -- it was really an incredible thing that happened.

Donald Trump: Everybody -- and now you have Democrats -- everybody's going there with lots of money and lots of help. But that's good.

Chris Stigall: I was thinking of you when I saw people like Governor DeWine, Governor Shapiro, I think, I don't know, the EPA director, they were standing in someone's kitchen drinking the tap water. And I thought to myself, would you feel comfortable doing that given what you've heard is going's on there so far?

Donald Trump: Well, it's really their -- more of their obligation because frankly they're the ones that have to get -- you know, they have to solve that problem. I would drink it I guess if I had to. I would -- you know, I'm not in love with the idea because I have no idea how bad the event was, who caused the event, et cetera, et cetera.

Donald Trump: But I would be able to do it. And, you know -- then you just -- you sort of hope -- you drink it, and you hope. But it was a mess. There's no question about it.

Chris Stigall: Joe Biden travels to Ukraine. The media fawns talking about this great secret mission. He was walking through Ukraine with Vladimir Zelenskyy during -- and there was an air raid siren. And, Mr. President, I have to ask. I'm not familiar with Presidential security. You're intimately familiar. If an air raid siren went off while you're walking through Kyiv, would that just be treated casually?

Chris Stigall: I would think you'd be sent to a secure place quickly if that were for real.

Donald Trump: Well, they said they were -- in my opinion, they said we're going to set off a couple of sirens. Don't worry about it. Look, everything with these people is disinformation and, uh, and misinformation. There's a slight -- very slight difference, as you understand. So, I'm sure they told them we're going to set off a couple of sirens, make it sound real bad.

Donald Trump: We're going to set them off, and don't worry about it. Nothing's going to happen. You got to understand. They were speaking to the Russians, which also surprised me, uh, prior to the trip to say he's coming. Did you know that? They actually was talking to the Russians to say that Biden is coming. So, that was sort of -- .

Chris Stigall: I didn't know that. I do know that Putin gave a speech today, too, uh, simultaneously, and I would get your reaction to this. These are quotes from his speech. He said see what they do with their own peoples, the destruction of family, cultural and national identity, perversion, mockery of children pedophilia declared the norm.

Chris Stigall: Look at the Holy Scriptures. The family is a union of man and woman. The Anglican Church considers the idea of a gender-neutral God. Forgive us, Lord. They know not what they do. Very interesting choice of words from Vladimir Putin in his speech today.

Donald Trump: Well, they're using things that people have been talking about when you look at all of the horrible things that are happening with our people and what -- what they're imposing on children and, you know, the enemy and not only Putin. He's not the only one. China is saying it all the time now. So, they're using all of this against us. Things that we campaign against, they're now using against our country.

Donald Trump: And much of this stuff that you mentioned, it should never be taking place. It's horrible what's taking place. And it's a -- it's a -- it's terrible for our country, but now the enemy is starting to use that and say, don't complain about us when you're doing all of these things.

Chris Stigall: You predicted, Mr. President, the alliance between Russia and China. You said this was coming. Evidence seems to suggest China is ready to or already is arming and enabling and partnering with Russia. What does that mean for us?

Donald Trump: Well, they've been doing it now for almost two years. Would have never happened with me. First of all, the war would have never happened with me, Chris, never ever. And second of all, it would have been solved very quickly, but it would never have happened. I don't even want to talk about solving it because it was not going to happen.

Donald Trump: And it didn't happen for four years. I think when Putin saw the mess that they made in Ukraine, that horrible most embarrassing day ever, when he saw that, I really think that that was an inspiration to him to go in and do what he is doing right now. And, you know, they're decimating that country, and people are being killed at a much higher level than anyone knows.

Donald Trump: It's so sad to see it happening. Should have never happened, and it could be solved in one day if you had the right negotiator. It could be solved in one day. That thing could stop right now.

Chris Stigall: Sir, do we have -- because I am sincere. I don't -- I guess I just don't have a full grasp. Do we have interest in Ukraine in stopping Russia, or is that for others besides us to deal with?

Donald Trump: Well, it's very sad when I hear we're in for about 125 billion, and Europe is in for a tiny fraction of that, and, you know, it affects Europe a lot more than us. And frankly they should put up their share. I got them to do that with NATO. They weren't paying into NATO. 20 of the 28 countries weren't paying into NATO, and I got them to pay.

Donald Trump: And that's where they have the money to do this. But, no, it's very unfair that we're paying the whole load. You know, we're, uh -- everybody's affected, but they're affected more than anybody, and they're not doing it. Germany is doing very little. France is doing very little. They're not doing anything.

Donald Trump: And we're doing -- or they're not doing much, and we're doing a tremendous amount. And it's just not fair, frankly.

Chris Stigall: Domestically, Mr. President, we're seeing a number of factory explosions and fires. Uh, I have no idea what it means, but it does seem there have been quite a few. Have you noticed that? And if so, what does it mean to you, if anything?

Donald Trump: Well, in power plants, if you notice, uh, yeah, things are happening. I think you have a very unhappy population. Um, you have people that are being treated very unfairly, and you have people that aren't being treated at all. I mean, when you look at the crime wave with Antifa and you look at all of the things that are happening with BLM and you look at what they do, and they go and kill people, and nothing happens.

Donald Trump: And Antifa likewise and they have -- they take over parts of Seattle and nothing happens and all of these other terrible acts that they do, and nothing happens to them, and bad things happen to other people. It's just not a fair justice system. That's all. And I think -- I don't know that one thing has anything to do with the other.

Donald Trump: I don't know that -- you know, when you mention the -- the type of event that's taking place, but it seems to be different than it's been in the past, especially having to do with power plants.

Chris Stigall: Yeah. It seems strange that we've not heard anything from the FBI or the Biden administration what seem to be a spate of factory explosions and/or fires, food production manufacturing. Seems very strange.

Donald Trump: You don't hear it and, uh -- but you do hear them about other things, and a lot of those other things are not fair. And I know people are very upset about it, very angry about it. Very, very angry. I had a great event last night in Palm Beach, Florida. We had thousands of people. We had thousands that couldn't get in, but the level of love and -- you know, for this country and for what we stand for -- you know, we want to have borders.

Donald Trump: We want to -- people are just pouring in. It's like an invasion. They're pouring into our country. They're coming out of prisons. They're coming out of mental institutions, insane asylums, and they're -- they're literally bringing them -- just allowing them to come into our country. It's -- it's crazy what's going on. And people do not want to see it. The love for our country is incredible.

Donald Trump: I think it's that -- like I've never seen enthusiasm like I see right now. I've never seen that, Chris, not to the extent that we have now that's because the other side is doing such bad things. No voter ID. Who wants no voter ID? Even the Democrats voted 88 percent in favor, but the leaders don't want it. You know why.

Donald Trump: There's only one reason you don't want it because you want to cheat on election.

Chris Stigall: Sure. And I do want to ask you about mail in voting, too. May I ask you quickly about the Chinese spy balloon? I haven't had the chance to catch up with you on that.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Chris Stigall: Seven days that flies over the continental United States. Seven days, Mr. President. How would you have handled that?

Donald Trump: Well, number one, it would have never happened if I was president, OK? A lot of that stuff would have never happened. Inflation would have never happened. We had the greatest economy inflation. We had no inflation. We had inexpensive energy. We were going to be energy dominant. We were already independent with energy.

Donald Trump: But I would have, uh -- it would not have happened. But if it was going to happen, certainly you would have taken it out long before it did all of its work. It did all of its work, and then they shoot it when it's finished.

Chris Stigall: You have any -- .

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] just say what's that all about?

Chris Stigall: Do you have any idea what that balloon was collecting or any insights as to what they might have been watching or looking at?

Donald Trump: Well, it looked very substantial, but they're flying over nuclear areas. You know, you have a lot of different things according to, uh, every report that we've seen in the papers and everything else, and it was hovering. And, you know, you say how does that happen? But why do you let it stay up that -- you know, so long?

Donald Trump: And then they shoot down one that looks like it came out of a hobby shop, right? [Laughter] And they missed the first time, and they got it the second time. So, that was $0.5 million apiece.