Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-hugh-hewitt-radio-september-6-2023

Hugh Hewitt: Pleased to welcome back to the program former President Donald Trump. Mr. President, welcome. Good to have you back.

Donald Trump: Good morning.

Hugh Hewitt: I want to begin on a light subject. We're approaching the 50th anniversary of the Battle of the Sexes where Bobby Riggs and Billie Jean King played each other. Remember that, September of 1973, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: I do. I do.

Hugh Hewitt: Were you pulling for Bobby, or were you pulling for Billie Jean at that time?

Donald Trump: Well, I just was pulling for good entertainment, and it was. You know, he beat Margaret Court Smith, who may have been the greatest woman player of all time. And he beat her. And I don't know that she knew she was playing in a match of such importance, but it became a very big deal. And then she challenged him, and she won, and she won conclusively.

Donald Trump: I watched that night. She fortunately won.

Hugh Hewitt: The reason I bring it up, 90 million people watched that. 90 million people.

Donald Trump: Right.

Hugh Hewitt: And the only thing I think that might draw an audience that even approaches that would be if you were to sit down with the Duchess of Sussex, Meghan Markle and Prince Harry, they don't like you much. Would you do that for the ratings?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't know that they don't like me. I said that I don't think they are very appropriate what they're saying, what they're doing, and I didn't like the way she dealt with the Queen. I became very friendly with the Queen. She was an incredible woman. At 95, she was so sharp. She was 100%. When you watch Biden, you say this is a different planet.

Donald Trump: But they treated her with great disrespect, and I didn't like it. And I didn't like the idea that they were getting U.S. security when they came over here. No, I think it's not a good situation going on with the two of them, but I didn't know that they don't like me. Somebody mentioned it might be possible.

Donald Trump: They wouldn't be the only ones.

Hugh Hewitt: But I mean, that would get ratings, wouldn't it?

Donald Trump: Oh, if you want to set it up, let's set it up. Let's go do something. I'll, I'd love to debate her. I would love it. I disagree so much with what --

Hugh Hewitt: All right, now let's get serious.

Donald Trump: I disagree so much with what they're doing.

Hugh Hewitt: Do you think the Democratic prosecutors are indictment you again and again in order to nominate you as the Republican -- or in order to beat you and keep you off the ticket?

Donald Trump: Only to get me out. They don't want me running. They, only fools say that you know what's happened is because of the fact that the polls have gone the opposite way, the American public sees it's a scam. It's just like Russia Russia Russia and the fake dossier, all the different scams they've had, the 51 intelligence agents, and I could go all day long.

Donald Trump: And the American public is tired of it, and they see it's a scam. And only fools or bad people, or people that are on the other side, I guess, that are, you know, smart with their disinformation, which are, there are a lot of them. They don't want to run against me. I'm leading Biden in all the polls. I'm leading the Republicans, as you know better than anybody, because I think you were originally maybe thinking about being a DeSanctimonious guy.

Donald Trump: But I'm leading him by 50 points now, by a lot. We're leading other candidates by a lot more than that. They're down to nothing. Ada Hutchinson, Christie, all these guys are down to almost nothing. And so we're leading them, and we're leading Biden. And they don't want me to run, and you know, you'll absolutely take it back, because everyone's so afraid to say it, but I did better in the second election than I did in the first.

Donald Trump: I got millions more votes. And the last one they want to run against is me, and they know it. So when that turns --

Hugh Hewitt: Now do you expect -- do you expect --

Donald Trump: They always say oh, well, we really want to run against Trump. What we really want to do, because they're a party of disinformation. You know, they actually say oh, their economy is good. Yesterday, I heard them say we've created a strong border. They say it a million times. What they do is they say it a million times, like just over and over, we have a strong border.

Donald Trump: People start to believe it. But yesterday, I actually heard them say we have a strong border, and I said that is disgraceful. It's the weakest border in history of any country.

Hugh Hewitt: Now President Trump, we saw yesterday Joe Klein, Time Magazine columnist forever, liberal, saying Joe Biden's too old, his eyes are almost closed. Do you think the President, President Biden, is going to be their nominee in 2024? Or is he simply too old to run again?

Donald Trump: Look, anything's possible, but when I watch, his body is shot, and his mind is worse. And yet, he seems to want to do it. And I hope he does it. But he seems to want to do it. But you take a look at him, and he's not running government. People that are surrounding him, who are very smart fascists and communists, those are the people running our country.

Hugh Hewitt: Now when you say he might not be there, if you were to run against Gavin Newsom or Kamala Harris or Jared Polis or Josh Shapiro, could you beat them all as well? Or can you just beat President Biden?

Donald Trump: I think I'd beat anybody. We had the greatest economy in history. We did a phenomenal job on everything. I rebuilt the military. We knocked out ISIS. Everybody said you're not going to beat ISIS. I did it in four weeks. And we have great generals. We have great, great people, but not the ones on television, not the ones who handled the Afghanistan, the greatest embarrassment in the history of our country, in my opinion, probably in your opinion, too, and probably the thing that really got Putin, gave him that little extra energy, because he was never going into Ukraine with me, ever.

Donald Trump: And we have a situation going on now, and I'm just seeing and reading what's happening with Kim Jung Un of North Korea. And we have a situation that's a very dire situation where North Korea's getting involved now with Putin and weapons. And that's a very, very bad, you know, they weapons he has, primarily has, is nuclear weapons.

Donald Trump: And it's a very, very bad thing that's happening, and it would have never happened with me. I got along with Kim Jung Un.

Hugh Hewitt: I've been talking a lot about this book, Kabul, by Jerry Dunleavy and James Hasson.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Hugh Hewitt: The Biden people like to blame you for the disaster in Afghanistan. They said you signed the Doha Accords. You sent Mike Pompeo to sign the Doha Accords, and that their hands were bound. They had to get out. Is that true?

Donald Trump: They're fools, and they're liar. So we have a step by step agreement. They didn't fulfill certain steps, and therefore we knocked the hell out of them. We didn't lose a soldier in 18 months. We had a great agreement, but they had to live up to it. And whenever they would miss a step, they were under default.

Donald Trump: And we would either hit them very hard, do something, but they were 100%, they were, Abdul is his name, Abdul headed it. He still heads the Taliban. They had total respect for us. They didn't kill a soldier in 18 months. You know, they were knocking them off left and right during the Obama administration with the snipers.

Donald Trump: They were just knocking them off left and right. And I had a conversation with Abdul, and it was a very serious, very tough conversation. After that conversation, we didn't lose one soldier in 18 months. And Biden actually admitted that, and his people went crazy when he did, but that's okay, one of the only times he told the truth.

Donald Trump: But we didn't lose a soldier. They had total respect for us, and we were going to get out, but we were going to get out with dignity and strength. But we were also keeping the monster Air Force base that cost billions and billions of dollars to build many years before, the longest runways, most powerful runways in the world.

Donald Trump: And we weren't keeping it for Afghanistan. We were keeping it because it's an hour away from where China makes their nuclear weapons. It's called Bagram. And Bagram, they gave it up. They gave it up. And now, China's occupying it. It's a disgrace. What this guy did, he doesn't have a clue. And you don't bring the soldiers out first.

Donald Trump: The first thing you learn is you don't take, you take the soldiers out last. So we have people there, perhaps thousands of people, American people, but others that should have come out. We have, we've given 85 billion dollars worth of the best military equipment in the world to the Taliban and to Afghanistan.

Donald Trump: And now, they're one of, I don't know if you know this, they're one of the largest agents of selling military equipment anywhere in the world, because they're selling the stuff we gave them, because they don't need 777,000 rifles. And they don't need 70,000 vehicles. Many of them are armor plated, cost millions of dollars.

Donald Trump: It's the most horrible thing. And now, it's Trump's, oh, yeah, it's Trump's fault.

Hugh Hewitt: So if -- if the --

Donald Trump: I'll tell you who doesn't think it was Trump's fault is the parents and the loved ones of the 13 soldiers that were killed so unnecessarily with that horrible evacuation that they did. They had no idea what they were doing. They were, that was the gang that couldn't shoot straight.

Hugh Hewitt: Do you look forward to debating the Afghanistan collapse with whomever their nominee is, whether it's President Biden, Vice President Harris, Governor Newsom? Do you want to debate Afghanistan with them?

Donald Trump: Well, it was one of the worst decisions. I was the one that got us so we were getting out. We were getting out after being there for decades. We were getting out. It wasn't good for us. It was very bad for us. And you know, it's interesting. We still pay them billions of dollars a year. We send them like money that's like water.

Donald Trump: I don't get it. If we're going to send them money, then tell them to send us back the equipment that Biden left there. I said I want every nail, I want every screw, every tank, every plane. I even want the hangars that they built, their portable hangars, big canvas, portable hangars. I want everything. And it was all coming out, and then this terrible, terrible election took place, and our borders became open, and Afghanistan was just so horrible.

Donald Trump: I do believe it was the most embarrassing moment in the history of our country. And all of it comes with --

Hugh Hewitt: So Mr. President, how are you going to make that point?

Donald Trump: -- including inflation, including a bad economy, and including inflation. And even that, they try and say oh, inflation's wonderful. What about for the last three years where bacon is five times higher than it was just a few years ago?

Hugh Hewitt: But how are you going to make these points, Mr. President, if you're in trial? I think the first trial is scheduled for March. The Atlanta trial is going to be televised. It's going to be a mess. How are you going to be able to campaign and make these points if you're sitting behind a defendant's table in a courtroom?

Donald Trump: Well, we'll be asking for many dismissals of many of these fake cases. These are fake cases. These are cases that were brought by, look, these cases were brought by Biden. These are campaign cases. Nobody's done it except in banana republics. These aren't cases. These are cases that were brought by political opponents.

Donald Trump: Nobody's ever seen anything like it. The public gets it. That's why I'm beating him by so much, and it's why I'm beating every Republican by so much, among other things, to be honest, because we had a great, we had a great run as president. We had the greatest economy ever. I rebuilt the military. I got the biggest tax cuts in history, and we were going for more.

Donald Trump: We were energy independent. Think of it. Now, we don't even know what we're doing with energy. Now, we're going to all-electric cars, but we don't have any electricity. We don't have the grid. Over the weekend, California had brownouts and blackouts, and they want to go to electric cars. They can't take care of what they have now.

Donald Trump: And people want to drive for more than an hour. You know, I'll tell you --

Hugh Hewitt: But I do think even if you get some of these dismissed, and I think some of these indictments will be dismissed if you get an interlocutory appeal. And I'm not sure. Number one, do you think you could get a fair trial in D.C. or Atlanta?

Donald Trump: No, I can't. No. No.

Hugh Hewitt: So when is the transfer of trial motion going to be made in D.C?

Donald Trump: But I think this motion to dismiss will be in Florida. They are political indictments, and even the ones like Atlanta, let's call them local, more local, they're all run out of the DOJ. Manhattan is run out of the DOJ. They actually took their top guy, put him in to run the Manhattan office, okay? What they've done is so corrupt, and nobody's ever seen, and we're asking for dismissals.

Donald Trump: We will be asking for virtually dismissals of most of it. And the public agrees with it, and the public agrees with me. These are, this is a disgrace to our country. This is called election interference. If I weren't running, or if I was in fourth place instead of being in first place by 50 points or more, 50. Did you see over the weekend? 50 points.

Donald Trump: If I were in third place or fifth place or something like some of these guys where they're at 1% and 2% and zero, this wouldn't be happening, none of it. It's happening because I'm beating Biden, and it's only because I did what I did. What I did to Hillary, it shocked them. They said we can never let this happen again.

Donald Trump: They cheated like dogs. So we got many more, millions, as you know, millions and millions more votes the second time. I did much better the second time than I did the first. And they know that better than anybody. And now, we're going to do it again, and we're going to win. And if we don't win, our country is finished.

Donald Trump: I really believe that. Our country is finished.

Hugh Hewitt: If Jack Smith and Fani Willis and Alvin Bragg all get together and they come see you at Bedminster or Mar-a-Lago and they say to you we will drop everything, it will all go away if you withdraw from the race and politics. Will you take that deal?

Donald Trump: I think they would do that. I think they'd do that right now. I have no interest. You know me well enough. No interest. Absolutely no interest. I think they'd make that deal right now.

Hugh Hewitt: Let's assume --

Donald Trump: That's what it's all about. They, this is interfering with an election. And all those fools that write, that oh, they really want Trump to win, they changed it, actually. So now, they say they did it in order to keep me strong. They thought this was going to take me down. This was not going to keep me strong.

Donald Trump: This was, this has never happened before where somebody got indicted and ended up the polls went up by 20% or 25% or something. No, no, if they came to me and they would do that, they would make that deal in two seconds. In two seconds.

Hugh Hewitt: And you have no interest in it? None?

Donald Trump: And you know what I have? I have no interest in it. These are corrupt people. These are fascists. These are Marxists. These are communists. These are sick people that are destroying our country. We have millions of people coming in. I'm in New York right now, and I just rode through the streets. I've never seen anything like it. New York, I've never seen it looking like this.

Donald Trump: And you have thousands and thousands of people in plain sight that come from foreign countries that most people never even heard of. It's not just countries adjoining us. It's foreign countries that many people have never even heard of. They're coming from all over Africa. They're coming from areas of the world that nobody can believe, and how far it is away for them to get there.

Donald Trump: These cartels are making a fortune, and they're destroying our country, and we're doing nothing about it. And we have a --

Hugh Hewitt: Again, these are great points, Mr. President, but if you can't --

Donald Trump: -- have a president that's incompetent and corrupt.

Hugh Hewitt: If you're in court arguing motions, or if you're in court because not all the indictments have been dismissed, are you going to name your vice president early so that they can go out and campaign on your behalf? I mean, there's a nice, long list of vice presidents. We've got Nikki Haley, Tim Scott, Ramaswamy, Youngkin, Pompeo, Robert O'Brien, Senator Cotton, Congressman Gallagher.

Hugh Hewitt: There are lots of people would make a good vice presidential nominee. Will you pick one early so that they campaign when you're in court?

Donald Trump: No, I don't think so. I think I'll go through the process. And you know, I don't know. You know this probably better than anybody, but there's never been a vice president that got a president elected, because it doesn't work that way. It sounds good and everything, but the president gets himself elected.

Donald Trump: I don't know that these things even go to court, because everybody, if you look at the legal scholars, the real legal scholars, the ones that aren't politicians, they're real legals, they say these cases are all nonsense. Like the records case, I come under the Presidential Records Act. I'm allowed to do it. Biden's not allowed to do it, because he wasn't president.

Donald Trump: It's a special act that was passed in great detail in 1977, in tremendous detail. It tells you everything you're allowed to do, and it's not criminal. It has nothing to do with the criminal. It's not a criminal act. They don't even like to mention it, because I come under the Presidential Records Act. Biden doesn't come under that act, because it didn't pertain to him, because he was vice president and a senator.

Donald Trump: And the boxes he has are loaded up, loaded up with material that's the most classified material you can have. And even Senator -- can't believe he took all that stuff out.

Hugh Hewitt: Well, even if you're successful on that motion, Mr. President --

Donald Trump: As a senator, neither can, by the way, neither can a vice president.

Hugh Hewitt: Right. I agree. But even if you are successful on the motion to dismiss on the documents, there's still the obstruction charge. I always think that's the most dangerous charge going. Did you direct anyone to move the boxes after the subpoena issued?

Donald Trump: Now let me tell you about the obstruction charges. Same thing as they did with Russia, Russia, Russia. They create a fake case. You see, all this is, is Russia, Russia, Russia all over again. I know many of them, and I've won every time. This is the great thing that they do. If they would set their mind to running the country like they cheat, they'd actually do a good job.

Donald Trump: But they do the worst job, because their policies are so bad and everything else. If you look at what they do is they create a fake crime, like the fake dossier. It was all fake. Everything was fake. I had the embarrassment of the things that were said, and then it turned out to be fake. And the FBI was willing to pay a million dollars if the guy would confirm it, and he wouldn't confirm it. He couldn't. So they create a fake crime, and then you fight that crime, and you fight it hard.

Donald Trump: And you fight it legit, but you fight it. You have no choice. These guys like Adam Schiff get on television with his smug, stupid face, and he makes it sound like Russia, Russia, Russia. You fight it really hard, and you fight it effectively, and then they say he obstructed justice. So they create a fake crime, that's what they're doing again.

Donald Trump: They created all this fake stuff. They put this prosecutor that's been overturned all the time because of his aggression, I call him Deranged Jack Smith. That's what he is. He's deranged. And look at his record. Look at what he did with Bob McDonnell. Look at his record what happened to him. He's been overturned by the United States Supreme Court unanimously, etc.

Donald Trump: He was in charge of the Lois Lerner. You cannot be a fan of the Lois Lerner case. He was in charge of the Lois Lerner/IRS case. And one of the greatest embarrassments in the history of our country, because he goes too far. What happens, and because he is really, I believe there's something wrong with him, okay?

Donald Trump: I believe he's sick. But let me just tell you, they create a fake case, and then they say he obstructed. He obstructed. So they no longer have a case. They say he's fighting it. He was so tough, and he obstructed. These people are sick, and they're destroying our country.

Hugh Hewitt: So, but did you direct anyone to move the boxes, Mr. President? Did you tell anyone to move the boxes?

Donald Trump: I don't talk about anything. You know why? Because I'm allowed to do whatever I want. I come under the Presidential Records Act. I'm not telling you. You know, every time I talk to you, oh, I have a breaking story. You don't have any story. I come under the Presidential Records Act. I'm allowed to do everything I did.

Donald Trump: What is not the case is Biden. Biden didn't come under it, because he was the vice president. And by the way, Mike Pence didn't come under it, and he had very serious classified documents, and he didn't come under, and nobody seems to be bothered by that. But I am totally protected by the Presidential Records Act.

Donald Trump: And that should be, hopefully, that gets --

Hugh Hewitt: All right, so you've got a four-ring circus going here.

Donald Trump: They'll get dismissed, but we're going to be asking, we're going to be asking for dismissals of these politically-motivated cases. Now let me ask you one. The J6 Committee just announced recently that they have destroyed and deleted all evidence that they created, they created and had, all of the evidence, all of their documents, everything has been deleted.

Donald Trump: And the reason it was deleted is that much of that information was unbelievably bad for crazy Nancy Pelosi and others, very, very bad for the mayor of Washington, D.C. So they deleted everything, and they destroyed everything.

Hugh Hewitt: If they deleted exculpatory evidence, that will help your cases. But I'd like to go back to --

Donald Trump: Well, no, it's not a question of deleted exculpatory. They deleted everything. There is no evidence. So no, when the police chief, who is great, and then you had, who died, and he was great, he gave this horrible testimony, horrible for her, for Nancy Pelosi, that it was her responsibility. She did a very bad job at the Capitol.

Donald Trump: They deleted all of that stuff. It's gone. And that's criminal. Those people should be held in criminal contempt. And you could have that one as an exclusive. The people in J6, the J6 unselect committee, as I call it, those people aren't charged. They were all Democrats and two Republicans that were thrown out of the party -- Cheney and Kinzinger.

Donald Trump: They were thrown out of the party, crying Adam Kinzinger. Every time he got on television, he cried. This guy is a basket case, also. But let me just tell you, they deleted and destroyed all of the evidence, all of the material they had so that we would have gone in and learned all about why they did this, and they didn't want it. And it was horrible for Nancy Pelosi.

Donald Trump: And it was horrible --

Hugh Hewitt: You know, Mr. President, you bring up Adam Kinzinger. The last time you were on this show, you said that you would be entitled, if you were reelected, to a revenge tour, but you wouldn't go on it. When I hear you bring up Adam again, are you still of that opinion? You would not look backwards? You would only look forwards if you were reelected?

Donald Trump: I only look for the truth. And when I find the truth, I think the people have to know the truth, because these people have maligned me for seven years. They've been maligning me and libeling me and creating false stuff. I mean, look at the 51 intelligence agents, where they got them to say something that they knew when the laptop from hell, where they said it was Russian disinformation.

Donald Trump: And they all knew it wasn't Russian disinformation, every one of them. They all lied. And there's a lot of suits going on. You know, we're suing different things. It's too bad they weren't sued by the Justice Department, because that's where the suits should have been.

Hugh Hewitt: But would you use the power of the presidency to go after the people --

Donald Trump: But like the Pulitzer, the Pulitzer Prize, these people get the award --

Hugh Hewitt: Would you use the power of the presidency to go after the people who maligned you?

Donald Trump: We want to find the truth more than anything else. Now here's the one thing. We've pretty much found the truth. There was cheating, massive cheating on the election. We've pretty much found the truth.

Hugh Hewitt: That sounds like a yes, Mr. President. You will go after them.

Donald Trump: The election was corrupt as any election can be.

Hugh Hewitt: That sounds like a yes, you would go after them.

Donald Trump: I want to find the truth. And I think I'm entitled to find the truth, because they came after me with lies. They came after me with the fake dossier. They came after me with 18 angry Democrats. And I have great respect for one of the 18. There's one of those 18 who said we cannot impeach, because he didn't do anything wrong.

Donald Trump: And they found no collusion. But they would have said it. I mean, Weissmann and these other guys would have said it. There was, you know what I say? I said I had an angel in there, because they had 18 guys that were willing to lie, but had one that wasn't. And the one that wasn't had some power. And I think I know who it was.

Hugh Hewitt: Now if you get these dismissals, Mr. President, and --

Donald Trump: And I have great respect for that particular man, because it's a Democrat. Think of it. I had 18 radical left Democrats, and they were making up stories. And then when that didn't pan out, they tried to say obstruction, but that didn't work, either. And that's what they do, you know? That's their gameplan.

Donald Trump: They make up a story. I saw, I saw Shifty Schiff last night on television making up another yarn, same way. And then when you fight the yarn, they accuse you of obstruction. You've obstructed. No, but it doesn't work so easy. If you're intelligence and you know what you're doing, it doesn't work so easy.

Hugh Hewitt: Well, if you get some things dismissed, they will appeal. And if you lose your motions to transfer for dismissal, you will get an appeal. Eventually, something's going to go to the Supreme Court. Have you already retained a Supreme Court advocate, because that's different from criminal lawyers. You've got to get, there are very few people who know how to argue before the Court.

Hugh Hewitt: Do you know who will argue your appeals for you thus far?

Donald Trump: I have some great people. But I hope it doesn't even get there. This thing is a scam. This is a scam. This is election interference. And if I was, and I say that to everybody that listens. Somebody actually told this to me today. I was talking to somebody, and they said you know, if you didn't run this would never happen.

Donald Trump: I said that's right. And to all those stupid people that say they want to run against me? Those are the, well, they're actually, in some cases, stupid, and in some cases, they're smart. I read where Marc Thiessen said well, they really want to run against Donald Trump, but they don't want to run against me. He's a nice guy.

Donald Trump: He's a smart guy. But they don't want to run against me. The one person they don't, because they said the same thing with Hillary. How did that work out? Not too good. And now, they're saying it, Joe Biden, because Joe Biden is way, I mean, he is dying. I don't personally, in the ratings, I don't personally see him running.

Donald Trump: I mean, I can't imagine it, but I hope he does.

Hugh Hewitt: Now I know that you are skipping the next debate at the Reagan Library, but on Sunday, Chris Christie said there's a third one. The RNC has not confirmed this. They won't confirm it. A third one is scheduled for Tuscaloosa, Alabama in October. Are you going to go to that if that's in fact true?

Donald Trump: Well, I won Alabama in the highest number anybody has ever won, which is very interesting, because I set a record in Alabama. I set a record in South Carolina, a great governor in South Carolina, by the way, set a record in South Carolina. But right next door in Georgia, I lost by a whisker, by just a whisker.

Donald Trump: One of the top people in Alabama said you don't win Alabama by 45 points or whatever it is I won, and then win South Carolina in a record, nobody's ever gotten that many votes, and then you lose Georgia by just a couple of votes. It doesn't work that way. It doesn't work that way. So --

Hugh Hewitt: But would you go to the Alabama debate if it is in Alabama?

Donald Trump: I'll make that decision. I would love to go to anything involved with Alabama. But when you're up 50 points --

Hugh Hewitt: Now Senator Tuberville, he's an ally of yours. Governor DeSantis has sided with Governor Tuberville on holding up all the promotions. Nikki Haley has criticized him. What do you think of Senator Tuberville's boycott of 300 colonels and captains?

Donald Trump: Well, let me tell you. Let me tell you. Senator Tuberville, Tommy Tuberville, not Tuberville, but he is a great man. He's a great senator. He is doing his thing right now, and he has the courage to at least speak up for his convictions. People agree and don't agree, but that's not it. He's got the guts to do what he wants to do, what he thinks is good, and he loves the people of this country and the people of Alabama.

Donald Trump: And he's in there fighting, which is unfortunately not true for a lot of other Republicans. We have great Republican support, but the Republicans have to learn to fight stronger and harder and smarter.

Hugh Hewitt: Now Mr. President, one of the things that you run into -- well, a lot of people wonder, if you were to be reelected, would people go to work for you? Could you find an attorney general? Could you get back Pompeo? Would O'Brien come back? Would you get your A Team back and add to it?

Donald Trump: Yeah, in two minutes, I would have, you know, that's the other thing. I have so many lawyers that want to work for me. They love this case. And it makes sense. Forget about money. They get paid. But you become famous on this stuff, and it's not even tough. It's such a con. I have a great staff of people.

Donald Trump: They always say about my lawyers, really, what have I lost? Not much. And the stuff I've lost, I get turned around. I'll turn everything around. But everybody wants to work for me. They want to come into the administration. People that I see being not critical, but people that I see on television when they say no, I wouldn't do that, and they're talking to me two days later about trying to come into the administration if everything -- it's all a very strange thing.

Donald Trump: But Tommy Tuberville is a strong man who's done a fantastic job. He won in Alabama, and they love him in Alabama.

Hugh Hewitt: All right, I want to go back to your lawyers, because I am genuinely confused. Who is your Johnny Cochran? I mean, you've got Lauro, you've got lawyers everywhere. Which one is the grand strategist? Who's running the ship?

Donald Trump: Well, I have different lawyers for different things. Don't forget, I'm being sued by so many different Democrats. It's all Democrat done. Everything. The Manhattan D.A. case, that's the Democrats. They actually had Hillary Clinton's lawyer from Paul, Weiss, a Democrat firm, he represents her, and come out and go into the Manhattan D.A.'s office and becomes the prosecutor on that case, okay?

Donald Trump: Nobody has ever seen anything like it. So Hillary Clinton's lawyer left the Democrat firm, one of, I think the most important firm, Paul, Weiss, left the Democrat firm and went to the Manhattan D.A.'s office, I believe for no salary, in order to get Donald Trump and prosecute Donald Trump. And it's so egregious that they wouldn't do what he wanted to do. It was so crazy what he wanted to do. It was vicious.

Donald Trump: So the D.A's office wouldn't do it, okay? And the most amazing thing. He then quit in a huff, and he went out and during the case, he wrote a book, which is illegal, during the Grand Jury. He wrote a book, which is illegal. He published a book, and he was the prosecutor.

Hugh Hewitt: You're talking about after Cyrus Vance retired.

Donald Trump: And he was admonished.

Hugh Hewitt: And I get that. But my -- my question is, Mr. President --

Donald Trump: Nobody mentions that, but that'll all come up.

Hugh Hewitt: If any of these things get to trial, if any of these things get to trial, will you testify in your own defense?

Donald Trump: Well, I have a lot of good lawyers, but I have different, you know how many cases they're suing me on? This is election interference. They want to make it so busy, and they want to also cost me a lot of money so I can't take it -- Joe Biden is the most corrupt, most incompetent president in the history of the United States.

Donald Trump: They want me to give my money to lawyers. But I have many lawyers. They're all doing a nice job, and we'll see how it all turns out.

Hugh Hewitt: Who is first among equals, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Don't forget, this is all, this is all election interference. All of it.

Hugh Hewitt: I hear you. But lawyers often disagree. Who is your top dog lawyer? Who speaks for Donald Trump?

Donald Trump: Different cases. But I would say Todd Blanche, highly-respected guy, respected by everybody, is right now in there doing a very, very good job, doing a very respected job.

Hugh Hewitt: So if you have to go to trial, will you testify in your own defense?

Donald Trump: Oh, yes, absolutely. Oh, on that --

Hugh Hewitt: You'll take the stand?

Donald Trump: That, I would do. That, I look forward to, because that's just like Russia, Russia, Russia. That's all the fake information from Russia, Russia, Russia. Remember when the dossier came out and everyone said oh, that's so terrible, that's so terrible, and then it turned out to be it was a political report put out by Hillary Clinton and the DNC.

Donald Trump: They paid millions for it. They gave it to Christopher Steele. They paid millions and millions of dollars for it, and it was all fake. It was all fake.

Hugh Hewitt: Now I think that obstruction charge is going to get to trial, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: So I look forward, I look forward to testifying. At trial, I'll testify.

Hugh Hewitt: I think that -- okay, if you do and they ask you on the stand, did you order anyone to move boxes, how will you answer?

Donald Trump: I'm not answering that question for you, but I'm totally covered under the law.

Hugh Hewitt: Okay.

Donald Trump: If you read the Presidential Records Act, just read it. You take a look at it. I'm totally covered under the law. It's a civil act. It's civil. Now Biden had no civil act. The things he did are criminal. But he doesn't have a deranged person on his case. You know, they gave me Deranged Jack Smith. He's got a man who's a normal person.

Donald Trump: What can I tell you?

Hugh Hewitt: Okay, let me turn to international events.

Donald Trump: But this is much bigger. Do you know he has 20 times the number of boxes that I have, documents?

Hugh Hewitt: Yeah, I want to turn to international events. Today --

Donald Trump: Do you know that, listen to this. Do you know that Biden, listen to me for a second. Do you know that Biden has 20 times the number of boxes that I have? Do you know that he has classified information from when he was a senator? That means he stole it out of a SCIF. Do you know that Democratic senator said if he did that, he's guilty of a very serious crime.

Hugh Hewitt: I do, and I want Robert Hur to come up and talk as much as Jack Smith.

Donald Trump: Do you know that he's got boxes stored in Chinatown? Did you know that he's sent boxes into Chinatown?

Hugh Hewitt: Yeah, at the Biden's --

Donald Trump: And he's getting a lot of money from, he's getting a lot from Robert Hur. I hope Robert Hur is going to be a little bit like Deranged Jack Smith, because you have to understand. Joe Biden does not come under the Presidential Records Act. It's only for a president. And he was the vice president.

Hugh Hewitt: Correct. As vice president, he does not.

Donald Trump: That's right. That's a big point.

Hugh Hewitt: Now Mr. President, let's go to Xi Jinping and China. There's a story today that he was rebuked by the elders of China at their annual summer gathering. Do you believe he's in any danger of losing his dictatorship?

Donald Trump: No. I know him very well. He's in no danger whatsoever. The people that suggested it will probably be executed within the next 24 hours.

Hugh Hewitt: All right, Vivek likes to say he will get Putin to leave Xi behind. What do you make of Vivek saying that?

Donald Trump: It would have never happened. I'll tell you this. Ukraine is so sad. Every time I turn it on, that was a war that I knew it was the apple of Putin's eye. He would have never done it if the election weren't rigged, our election. It was rigged and stolen. If that election wasn't rigged, if I were president, you would right now have millions of people living that are dead.

Donald Trump: You would have cities that would be flourishing, and they'd be up, and they've be, in Ukraine, those beautiful gold -- and everything else that are, to have been reduced to rubble, like I mean, take a look at these cities. It was like demolition crews just went through. There's not a building standing. And then they say two people were injured.

Donald Trump: I'll tell you, the biggest surprise -- are the numbers of how many people were killed, because the numbers are staggering. Staggering.

Hugh Hewitt: So, but when Vivek says he can talk Putin out of this and break the alliance between Putin and Xi, what does Donald Trump think about that?

Donald Trump: Well, I can do that very easily, and I did that, you know, for four years. They were not close with me. And I was close to both of them. And then when COVID came in, I said that's a shift too far as far as Xi is concerned. I had a great relationship with him.

Hugh Hewitt: They're threatening Taiwan. Would you defend Taiwan if you're president again?

Donald Trump: I had a great, I had a great relationship with, I had great relationships with everyone. You don't have to worry about Taiwan. If I'm president, Taiwan will never happen, meaning China will never go into Taiwan if I'm president, not even a chance.

Hugh Hewitt: If they did, would you take up arms against them? Force?

Donald Trump: They will not do it. Zero chance. And Russia would have never gone into Ukraine. Zero chance. There are other things you can do without going into a nuclear holocaust. There are other things you can do. China will never go into Taiwan -- .

Hugh Hewitt: I want to do a lightning round, Mr. President. Five quick questions, all right? These are fun questions.

Donald Trump: No, I don't want to do that, because I like giving long answers. I don't want to do a lightning round.

Hugh Hewitt: Who's going to be in the Super Bowl this year?

Donald Trump: I never like lightning rounds, because a one-word answer is not appropriate for about 95% of the questions.

Hugh Hewitt: Who do you think is going to be in the Super Bowl?

Donald Trump: Well, Kansas City is really good. I think Kansas City is great. Jets and Giants are looking pretty good. I think they maybe have a little bit of a chance. They have, they work hard. They've been working hard for a long time. But you know, Kansas City is just a really great team with a great quarterback and a great coach.

Donald Trump: He's a fantastic coach, Andy Reid.

Hugh Hewitt: So if the Super Bowl comes along, and Joe Biden refuses to do the halftime interview, because I don't think he's doing any interviews at all. I think he can't.

Donald Trump: He can't do it. He's mentally shot.

Hugh Hewitt: Will you step in? Yeah, but would you step in if he said no?

Donald Trump: He can't do it.

Hugh Hewitt: Would you do the halftime interview?

Donald Trump: He can't answer one question. Let me tell you, if you had him on this call, and you're grilling me and grilling, oh, yi, yi, here we go with you, and you're going, he wouldn't be able to answer the first question, like you know, where are you now? He doesn't even know where he is. The guy, he can't even walk off the stage.

Hugh Hewitt: So if he won't do the Super Bowl interview, would you step in and say I'll do the Super Bowl interview?

Donald Trump: Sure, I'd do the Super Bowl interview. I would. I love doing them, actually. They've treated me very well.

Hugh Hewitt: I know you do. And you've been, you have not been out there. And I'm afraid your lawyers aren't letting you campaign. Are they saying you can't go on shows and you can't campaign?

Donald Trump: Well, no. They let me do your show. I didn't ask them if I should do your show. You know, I don't ask people. You have to understand. I'm in the middle of a very successful campaign. I'm leading the Republicans by, I saw one poll yesterday, 62 points. I'm leading them by --

Hugh Hewitt: Well, last night, Chris Christie told Anderson Cooper --

Donald Trump: I, say it again? What?

Hugh Hewitt: Last night on Anderson Cooper, Chris Christie said in New Hampshire, you've only got 34% and he's got 14%, two-thirds of New Hampshire is against you. What do you say to that?

Donald Trump: Look, he's a slob. I call him sloppy Chris. He left the governorship of New Jersey when an 8% approval rating. He couldn't run for dog catcher. In New Hampshire, I have -- 38 points. I have it right in front of me, a big poll. It's right in front of me. No, he lies. He tells lies. He said I built a mile of wall.

Donald Trump: I built 500 miles of wall.

Hugh Hewitt: So are you going to do, are you afraid of the debates because -- I mean, you're winning.

Donald Trump: He said I built these miles of wall --

Hugh Hewitt: You've got this huge lead. You've got this huge lead. But are you afraid of the debates because he's on the stage and will come after you?

Donald Trump: I couldn't care less. I think he's not a very smart person. I think he's a very disturbed person. He and maybe Deranged Jack Smith should get together for dinner. I think Chris is a very disturbed person. I know him very well. He went through a terrible scandal where he left everybody out to dry. It's called Bridgegate that he doesn't like to talk about, but that was a hell of a scandal.

Donald Trump: And there was a terrible thing he did, and a stupid thing he did. Chris was a lousy governor. He left with 8% approval. How do you go run for president when you're approved by 8%? If he ran in New Jersey right now, he wouldn't even be able to get into a primary. So now he wants to be president? No, he's going, because I didn't give him a job.

Donald Trump: I didn't want to give him a job. Why? Because I didn't trust him. I had great people. You know, we read about certain people, but I had great people. I rebuilt the military. I got the biggest tax cuts ever. We were energy independent, very soon going to be energy dominant. We did things that no president's ever been able to do.

Hugh Hewitt: Two last questions, Mr. President. The UFO issue is back. The Tennessee congressman wants it. What did you learn about UFO's when you were in the Oval? Do you believe in them?

Donald Trump: That's a very interesting question, I'll tell you. So you have believers in that like you wouldn't believe, and they're very solid people. And then you have people that don't believe. And I'm really more focused on Russia, and I focus on China. And I focused on North Korea. You have people, though, I will tell you, I interviewed a couple people from the Air Force, and these guys were central casting, perfect guys with their crew cuts.

Donald Trump: And they walked in and they were handsome as hell, and I said what do you think, and they believe it. I mean, they believe it. They said they saw it.

Hugh Hewitt: So you got briefed on UFO's?

Donald Trump: And he's not the kind of guy that's going to lie.

Hugh Hewitt: You got briefed on them?

Donald Trump: What?

Hugh Hewitt: When you were president, they briefed you on UFO's?

Donald Trump: I was briefed, yeah. I was briefed.

Hugh Hewitt: So do you believe in them?

Donald Trump: I have, I always have an open mind, but you know what? I focus on things like China, and things like, you know, unfortunately, I had to also focus on garbage -- like Adam Schiff, Shifty Schiff and Hillary Clinton and other people that were always trying to take me down. So I did more than almost any president, and maybe more than any president.

Donald Trump: I did Space Force. I did all this stuff. I rebuilt our military. All this stuff despite the fact that I had the Democrats going after me all the time. I mean, I was fighting. I had two jobs. One was running a great country, and I did that, and the other was survival. And because I'm running, the survival --

Hugh Hewitt: Then let's close on that. Let's close on the obstruction issue. Mr. President, because I've read all the indictments, and I think the one that's the killer indictment is the obstruction charge. And it comes back to even though the Presidential Records Act covers you, if you had a subpoena and you didn't listen to it --

Donald Trump: I know you always like to do the little trick questions you get, but there is no sound byte here. There is no obstruction. These are all fake crimes. And what they do is they create a fake crime. I hate to be repetitive. What they do is they create a fake crime like Russia, Russia, Russia, which was totally exonerated.

Donald Trump: All these things were exonerated. I won all of this stuff. You know, it's voluminous, but I won it. They create a fake crime, and then if you fight them, it's like on the election -- oh, he's a conspiracy theorist. So they cheat on the election. They cheat like dogs on the election. And then people are afraid to talk up about it, because they say they're conspiracy theorists.

Donald Trump: And what they're doing to people now, and to people's rights in this country, and giving people sentences that nobody ever heard about, they don't go after Antifa where they killed people. They took over Seattle. They took over Minnesota. They took over the state. But they took over Minneapolis. They practically burned the place down, and nothing happens.

Donald Trump: What they're doing to people is a horrible thing. It's never taken place in this country before.

Hugh Hewitt: Well, about those people, are you worried that any of them are going to flip on you?

Donald Trump: I'm not worried about anything. If I worried, I would be sitting in a corner someplace and saying mommy, take me home. I don't worry about anything.

Hugh Hewitt: All right, Mr. President, last question. Are you going to do any of the debates?

Donald Trump: I may. I'll certainly do the debate against the Democrat, whoever that may be. That, I feel you have an obligation to do.

Hugh Hewitt: But you owned the debates in 2016.

Donald Trump: Hugh, here's the thing. When you have a 50, 60, even a 70-point lead, and you're fighting a guy like Asa Hutchinson, you know, a real lightweight, or you're fighting a Chris Christie, who's, you know, he's just a crazed lunatic. He's nothing. And by the way, he's not doing well in the polls. I just saw a poll where he was at less than 2%. So you're fighting Chris Christie.

Donald Trump: You're fighting these other guys. Now I will say Vivek was very nice. I mean, he said I'm the greatest president in a long time. Trump is the greatest president we've had in a generation and more. So you know, it's hard for me to be angry at him. I'm disappointed in Mike Pence, because I took Mike from the garbage heap.

Donald Trump: He was going to lose. You know, he was running for governor, reelection. He was running for governor again, to continue his term, and he was absolutely, you know, he was down by 10 or 15 points. And I came along and took him off that. He was going to lose that race. And I treated him good. And I actually had a very good relationship until the end.

Donald Trump: And did you see how --

Hugh Hewitt: So you're not worried about Governor DeSantis or Nikki Haley? You're not --

Donald Trump: Yeah, wait a minute. Mike is doing very poorly, because people disagree with what he's done. It's very simple. They disagree with what he's done. No, Nikki's not doing very well in the polls. I mean, you know, she's been disappointing, I think, as a campaigner.

Hugh Hewitt: Governor DeSantis says he's going to win Iowa. Are you worried about it?

Donald Trump: Look, here's a guy that if I didn't endorse him, he would have been doing something else right now. He was dead. He's a very disloyal guy. The people have found that out. When I endorsed him, he went from last place, he was dead. He was down by 30 or 40 points to the secretary of agriculture. His name is Adam Putnam in Florida.

Donald Trump: And Putnam had 30 million dollars, and Ron had nothing. And I endorsed him. And when I endorsed him, he became a rocket ship. He became, I don't like to use the word, he became a nuclear weapon. And he went up and he won, got in easy. And then I got him past Gillum, who is, you know, a crackhead, unfortunately, but nobody knew it at the time.

Donald Trump: He was a star. You were saying he may be the Democrats' next choice to be president. I mean, he and Stacey Abrams were the dumbest people in the Democrat party, and he had to run against him. Nobody knew his problems then. And he was getting killed on that one, and I came in, did three rallies for him, and I won that one for him, too.

Donald Trump: And then I helped when they were stealing all the votes. I brought in the FBI, and I brought in the U.S. Attorney, and I got that stopped. Otherwise, him and Rick Scott would have lost their election. They would have --

Hugh Hewitt: Well, here's what I don't understand. I don't understand in 2016, you dominated all the presidential debates, all of them. But now, you won't do them. Why not? I mean, I just see it as free media.

Donald Trump: I love debating. Okay, ready?

Hugh Hewitt: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I never debated professionally. My first debate professionally, my first question was, the answer was only Rosie O'Donnell. I guess that was a good answer, because it was a good answer. But that was my first, that was my first answer. But I like to debate. I think debating is very important. But when you have a 50-60 point lead, a 70-point lead, I mean, I'm beating these people.

Donald Trump: Why should I let Asa Hutchinson, who's a nasty guy, terrible governor, terrible personality, why should I -- he's a zero, okay? He's actually just polled, I just saw a poll, he's at zero. Why should he have the power to ask me a really nasty question? I mean, there are questions that are nasty. You know that very well, because you ask a lot of them.

Hugh Hewitt: If they get down to Governor DeSantis, Vivek, Nikki Haley, Tim Scott, would you do it then? Because again, I've been four feet from you. I've seen how you work the debate stage. Can you turn down a five-person debate? And I mean, they must be like a magnet to you.

Donald Trump: I want to debate. I do. I love to debate. I think it's, I guess it's a strength, because you know, I did very well in the debates. Everyone tells, says I did great in the debates. I like to debate. And I have the issues on my side. I built the greatest economy ever. I rebuilt our military. We didn't have Ukraine.

Donald Trump: That would have never happened. Taiwan would never be talked about right now. That's going to happen, eventually. I'll tell you what's going to happen is World War III's going to happen, because this man doesn't have a clue. He's grossly incompetent. And he is saying things that are so bad, and now when I see Russia and North Korea dealing, they're like best friends now, I was very good with North Korea.

Donald Trump: You know, I kept us from having a nuclear war with North Korea. I was very good. I got along great with him. It was an amazing thing. Nobody could believe it. It started out very rough, and within a very short period of time, he said let's meet. I want to meet this guy. He wouldn't meet Obama. Wouldn't meet him.

Donald Trump: And we were going to have a nuclear war. But I'll tell you, we're going to have a nuclear war, because this incompetent president, corrupt, he's the most corrupt and incompetent president. It's a combination of both, not a good combination. This incompetent president is going to get us into a nuclear war.

Donald Trump: It's going to be called World War III, and it's not army tanks going back and forth shooting each other. This is weaponry the likes of which nobody has ever seen before, nuclear.

Hugh Hewitt: I have not asked you about Hunter Biden, or about the Ukraine corruption of Hunter Biden or Romania or China. What do you make of that? Is he getting a fair, is he getting a sweetheart deal from the government?

Donald Trump: Well, it was one of the greatest deals ever made. I would consider him, he should write a book called The Art Of The Deal, one of the greatest deals ever made, certainly. But you know, that's their problem. You know, until he did the indictment thing, I left Biden a little bit alone. I left Hillary Clinton alone.

Donald Trump: You know, there was tremendous corruption. Her, with 33,000 emails, deleting them, bleachbit-ing them and breaking up the phones with hammers and everything. And, but I thought of just out of respect for our government, but once they did the election interference at a level that nobody's ever seen, meaning indictment a popular, because I got more votes than any sitting president in history, as you know, as you know, I mean, think of it. I got more votes than any sitting president in the history of our country, and he indicted me for absolute nothing, for nothing.

Donald Trump: And it's a very sad thing. So now, the gloves are off, and I can tell the truth. The truth is that Joe Biden is the most incompetent president we've ever had. He was dumb 25 years ago when Senator Kennedy said he's the dumbest person in the Senate. You know, I was very friendly with Senator Ted Kennedy. You know that.

Hugh Hewitt: Yes.

Donald Trump: And because of Palm Beach. And he was obviously a different persuasion in terms of view, but I asked him. I said who's the smartest person in the Senate, and we had a very good relationship, as I think even their family will admit, but won't be happy about it. But we got along great. And I said who's the smartest, and he gave me an answer which I won't tell you, because I don't like this guy, but he's probably right.

Donald Trump: And I said who's the dumbest? And he said probably Joe. This is 25 years ago. Probably Joe. And I said who's Joe? Joe who? Joe Biden. He said he doesn't understand like about taxes. He doesn't understand anything about policy. He just doesn't understand. He's hail and hearty and well met, meaning he's got a nice smile.

Donald Trump: And that was it. That was the last I ever spoke to him about it. But he was a dummy 25 years ago. He's going to get us into a nuclear war.

Hugh Hewitt: On that note, Mr. President, I've taken you much --

Donald Trump: I appreciate you. Listen, Trump's been right about everything. You know, they ever have, Trump's been right about everything. I think I've been right about everything.

Hugh Hewitt: And you're confident on these cases? You don't think you're going to be behind a defendant table throughout the entire campaign, crippled and unable to campaign?

Donald Trump: I mean, you know, if I am, if I am, it's going to show what a fake deal it all is. It's all fake. It's all just fake stuff.

Hugh Hewitt: Do you want it televised?

Donald Trump: They made it up in order to interfere with the election. So I don't think they'll be covering anybody else. So in that way, it's good. Look, right now, they're barely covering anybody else. They cover me. And it's always been that way. I don't know. Some days, it's been that way all my life. You'll have to explain that to me, Hugh.

Hugh Hewitt: Well, the judge in Atlanta said it would be televised. Do you welcome that?

Donald Trump: All right. Okay. I don't mind that, if it happens. But we're going for motions to dismiss. Should have never happened. You know, she's a person that got elected, like Letitia James. That's a very interesting one, because I built a great company with hundreds of millions of dollars of cash with billions and billions of dollars in value, more value than they thought.

Donald Trump: And they're very confused now, because they, she got, without knowing anything about me, she said very bad things about me. It turned out that it's all false, what she said.

Hugh Hewitt: So which is the greatest danger to you as a case?

Donald Trump: Except I hate to brag --

Hugh Hewitt: Which case worries you the most?

Donald Trump: Nothing worries me, because I'll tell you what. This was election interference at the highest level. The Republicans are with me. Many Democrats are with me. Many Democrats, because of what they've done, nobody's ever seen this before, but because of what they've done, many Democrats will be voting for Trump.

Donald Trump: The Black community is so different for me in the last, since that mugshot was taken, I don't know if you've seen the polls, my polls with the Black community have gone up four and five times. Hispanic has been so good to me. The Hispanic community has been unbelievable. But since that mugshot, which should have never been taken, but since that mugshot was taken of a very popular president of the United States, who did a, look, even my worst critics said I did a great job.

Donald Trump: We had the strongest economy. We rebuilt our military. Think of it. We were energy independent three years ago. We didn't need anybody. Now, we're begging Venezuela for oil. Venezuela!

Hugh Hewitt: The biggest knock on your presidency is you kept Dr. Fauci. Why did you keep Dr. Fauci?

Donald Trump: No, no. No. No. Dr. Fauci was there. First of all, you're not allowed. He's civil service, and you're not allowed to fire him. But forget that, because I don't necessarily go by everything. But Dr. Fauci would tell me things, and I wouldn't do them, in many cases. But also, he wasn't a big player in my administration.

Donald Trump: Dr. Fauci became a big player in the administration of Biden. He's a very big player in Biden's administration. With him, elevator, he could do anything. I didn't agree with Dr. Fauci. I'll give you an example, a very important example. The masks, you know, he was a radical no-masker. Then, he became a super radical masker.

Donald Trump: He wanted the people of China, who were badly infected but in our country -- closed to China. And I said nope, we can't do that. I'm not going to do that. We're not letting them in. I saved hundreds of thousands of lives by stopping China, by not allowing people from China who were heavily infected, especially in the Wuhan area, and I was the one that also said it came from the Wuhan lab, and I've never changed.

Donald Trump: And now, they've found out I was right. But he allowed people to leave China, go to France, go to Italy, go to the United States, and I stopped them from going to the United States, and saved hundreds of thousands of lives.

Hugh Hewitt: So when Governor DeSantis says -- I know that, because I know O'Brien and Pottinger. But when Ron DeSantis says on the debate stage you didn't fire Fauci and you shut down the country and that was a mistake, how will you respond?

Donald Trump: Okay, you ready? It's so easy to respond. He said -- he wouldn't let anybody come in. He shut down his beaches. He shut down the entire state. He tries, he has a selective memory. He shut down. Henry McMaster didn't shut down South Carolina. Krisi Noem didn't shut down South Dakota. He shut down Florida.

Donald Trump: It was tight as a drum. He had vax lines. He was vaxxing everything. Now, he talks about the vaccinations this and that. And let me tell you the other thing. I will send you after this conversation five articles about how much he loves Dr. Fauci. I do what Dr. Fauci says. This is Ron DeSanctimonious. I do what Dr. Fauci says.

Donald Trump: That's what he says. And I've got the articles here. But he doesn't like to go back. What he does is he's, look, he also voted to decimate Social Security and change Medicare for the worse. He also voted a lot of bad things and a lot of stupid things with his recent legislature that are killing him right now.

Donald Trump: He's gone. In my opinion, he's gone. He's very low, and but when he mentions. Dr. Fauci, I immediately hold up six articles that were, that were talking about I listen to Dr. Fauci. What Dr. Fauci said, he's a brilliant man. This is Ron DeSanctimonious talking. But he shut down Florida. Remember, he shut down the beaches.

Donald Trump: He shut down the highways. He shut down Florida. Now eventually, he opened, because the Republican governors tended to keep them open. But some Republican governors didn't shut them down, like Henry McMaster, like Kristi Noem, like some others. And they didn't shut them down. And those are the ones that did a good job.

Donald Trump: Ron was not in that category. And by the way, just so you know it sounds very negative, third most in deaths from COVID? Unfortunately, Florida. Florida was third-worst in deaths. So Ron, and that's a horrible, that's a horrible statistic. But that's a statistic that sort of counts. Ron was the third-worst in terms of actual death from COVID.

Donald Trump: Ron is number three.

Hugh Hewitt: So let's finish on this. If you are the nominee and Joe Biden doesn't run, who is the strongest Democrat that would give you the biggest race?

Donald Trump: I don't know. It's not even a good question, because anybody can come from anywhere. They say that if they run against Kamala, it's going to be a real problem for the party. Is she capable of running? I'll let you make that determination. But they say that she has to get it, because otherwise, the Black community will be very angry.

Donald Trump: But the Black community is already angry with Biden. They think he's incompetent. They're right. They get it. They get it. He's grossly incompetent. He should not be running our country. The guy can't -- after he makes a fool out of himself making a speech, he turns around and he starts looking all over the place.

Donald Trump: How do you get off the stage? Where do I go? He walks in the wrong direction. This is the guy that's telling us to use all electric cars. This is the guy that's negotiated with Putin? They think he's an idiot. They think he's an incompetent. And we have him representing our country. Our country has never been so low before, ever.

Donald Trump: And now, they did the worst thing of all. They've indicted, think of it, they've indicted a former president of the United States with nothing. That's why my polls went up. If it was something, the polls wouldn't go up. And they've indicted him four times. And oh, they'd love to find more. Well, though now, I don't think they do want to find more, actually, because they're sort of, I think, they're saying this is not working out so well.

Hugh Hewitt: Well, I look forward to having you back as these progress, Mr. President. I've kept you for an hour, and I appreciate the amount of time you've given me. Still the best interview in America, but are you going to go back out on the interview trail and do this again?

Donald Trump: Sure. I would. I would do it. I enjoy doing it, and I enjoy making the case for what we did. I had the strongest borders in the history of our country. Very few people were coming in. We had almost no drugs. The drugs were down. You know what? Drugs now are coming into our country ten times what they were just three years ago.

Donald Trump: Ten times, twelve times, I heard this morning. They're flowing in. There's nobody, I was getting millions and millions of drug-finding equipment, you know, the best thing you can have is a certain type of dog, a German Shepherd. And a specific German Shepherd is better than spending a million dollars on a machine.

Donald Trump: It's much better. But we had the dogs all over. We were stopping them. The cartels, they didn't like Trump. I can tell you that. Now, the cartels are the richest people in the world. These guys are richer than the people you read about. These people, they're getting away with murder. China's getting away with murder.

Donald Trump: He's afraid, look, China paid Biden off. They know everything. That's why he's so weak on China. He's so afraid of China. There's no reason to be afraid of China. We have a lot of, we have a lot of things on China where they can't do anything if you had a president that was even modestly capable. You don't even have to be capable.

Donald Trump: But he's afraid to attack China, financially and otherwise, because they know all of the millions of dollars given. And the stuff they found in Congress, which is a lot, is peanuts compared to the fact. So he's weak on China. He's weak on Ukraine, because Ukraine took care of him and his family. So he's weak on Ukraine.

Donald Trump: And he can't be very tough. He can't -- reveal all this stuff.

Hugh Hewitt: Are you going to be back on Twitter, Mr. President? Is Elon going to talk you into going back on Twitter?

Donald Trump: Well, I have a good relationship with Elon. I disagree on all electric cars, so obviously, he can't like me too much. But you know, I did an interview with your friend, Tucker Carlson. And at last glance, it was at 270 million people. That's the biggest interview in history. Think of it. By far. You know, the second-biggest, or the biggest for many years, was Michael Jackson's interview with Oprah.

Donald Trump: And that's held the title for many years. We more than doubled it, okay? Think of it. That was --

Hugh Hewitt: Well, to get an audience like Bobby Riggs and Billie Jean King did, I think you're going to have to go with the Duchess of Sussex, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: I think it's a good idea. I think set that up. You could be the matchmaker, okay?

Hugh Hewitt: I'll do that. Thank you so much for joining me this morning. Keep coming back, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. I had a lot of fun.

Hugh Hewitt: Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Bye.