Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-sean-hannity-podcast-october-7-2023

Leo Terrell: And without further ado, let me bring on, hey, the man who is -- who was the 45th President, who's going to be the 47th President and who I'm going to vote for next year: President Donald J. Trump. Hello, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you for those nice words, Leo. I appreciate -- you are fantastic by the way, but these are minor details.

Leo Terrell: Mr. President, I got three topics. I know you're very busy, so I'm not going to waste your time. You came out, made national news like you always do, and announced your support for Jim Jordan. Can you tell the American people why?

Donald Trump: Well, he's a good man. He's a solid guy. He's a very conservative but very good, just a great heart. You know, he's a very tough cookie too. He was a NCAA champion wrestler and that tells you something. You know, that's not all -- that's not all brawn to do something upstairs, but he's a fighter and he's a just a fantastic person.

Donald Trump: Great family. And I said, let's do it. A lot of people wanted to draft me. I said, "You know, I'm 60 points or 67 points up in my race and leading Biden by a lot. Let's keep it going," and we don't need distractions, frankly, and he's really a fantastic guy. He'd be a great Speaker of the House.

Leo Terrell: I agree with everything you just said, but I do want to mention this to you. I had a person on a few minutes ago, you may know her, Laura Trump. And she said, "Hey, maybe my father-in-law should be speaker." Mr. President, what if you get 218 House Republicans who vote for you?

Donald Trump: Well, you know, what I will say and I've told this to the Republicans, if for some reason, because you know Steve is running and a couple of other guys, I guess. If for some reason they can't come together, I'll do it for a little while, like 30 --

Leo Terrell: Yes.

Donald Trump: -- or 60 days. We'll shake things up good. That I can tell you. And then we'll pick the person that everybody wants, but we don't want to have long-term chaos. We want no long-term chaos. So, if they needed it for a little while, I would do that. But you know, we're running for president. We're doing well and ultimately, that's where we have to be. We've got to turn it around fast.

Leo Terrell: I agree with you 100 percent Mr. President, but you know what? A couple of weeks of President Trump, aka Speaker of the House, that sounds like good medicine for America. I want to shift your attention to the border. The Biden administration basically, wanted to probably needed to apologize to you because yesterday, they acknowledged that they needed to put up that border wall maybe 20 miles of it, and then they tried to backtrack.

Leo Terrell: President Trump, can you tell the American people how bad it is at the southern border, the need for the border wall and what the Biden administration did to damage this country's southern border?

Donald Trump: Sure, it's worse than any border ever probably in the history of the world. Not -- not this country. This country, it's -- we've never seen anything like it, but no country has ever seen anything like it. A third world country, a Banana Republic would not endured -- would not have endured, would not have allowed it to happen.

Donald Trump: They would have -- I always say they would have fought them off with sticks -- like sticks and stones. And it's just horrible what's happened. You look at our border -- so, we have the safest border in our history three years ago, and now we have the worst border, I think in the history of the world. I don't think there's ever been a border like this in the history of the world.

Donald Trump: I believe we have 15 million people that came into our country. Many of these people are from prisons and from mental institutions and insane asylums. They are terrorists. I mean we have people coming in from countries that nobody ever heard of. I think it's 149 countries in one way or another are represented.

Donald Trump: Languages that nobody even knows how to speak. It's a terrible thing that's happening to our country. They're poisoning our country in so many other ways too, with inflation, with the woke military, with that Afghanistan disaster, which was the lowest point in history.

Leo Terrell: Yes.

Donald Trump: High taxes. They want to double everybody's, triple everybody's taxes. These people are destroying our country.

Leo Terrell: Mr. President, you know, if -- I know there's a laundry list of items that you would take care of immediately, but how could you address this border issue on day one if you become president?

Donald Trump: Please start putting up -- so, I built over 500 miles of wall and that's what I said I was going to do. I was then going to add another 200. We bought it. You see it now sitting there and I heard somebody said they're selling it for $0.02 on the dollar, and now they say that they need the wall, but they're ashamed to say it because it looks so bad.

Donald Trump: That's a [Inaudible] where I don't even want to use the word pride with them because I don't think they have pride. It's just shame and now they want to put up 20 miles. Twenty miles is nothing. You know, 20 miles, what's 20 miles?

Leo Terrell: Nothing.

Donald Trump: So, I did 500, which is what I said -- over five. I think 5 or 6 [Inaudible] total. And we had the safest border we've ever had. Mexico's got a lot of money in the United States. You know Mexico, Mexico spent a lot of money. They gave us 28,000 soldiers free of charge or I would have tariffed them, to be honest with you.

Donald Trump: So that's it, but we have [Inaudible] history and they want to do 20 miles. Twenty miles is nothing. It's nothing. So, I [Inaudible] 200 miles, we would have had it done within three weeks. Everything is purchased and they came in with a terrible election, terrible, terrible what happened. And they came in and they just -- they wanted to have open borders.

Donald Trump: And now, even being criticized by some of the lunatics on the left, [Inaudible] even 20 miles of wall.

Leo Terrell: Right.

Donald Trump: They want to infect our country. Our country is infected, by the way. Disease, you know, nobody talks about that. You have people coming in with all sorts of disease that is just contagious as can be, and what's happening to our country is unthinkable. Nobody could believe this is possible.

Leo Terrell: Yes, Mr. President, I want to turn your attention to a week in which you were in a New York courthouse. You face two impeachments, four criminal indictments, this civil case. They it -- it -- it's ridiculous. It is a situation where they're trying to put you in jail for a thousand years now. They're trying to take away everything you earned and built in New York.

Leo Terrell: Your poll numbers go up. Don't they get it, that the American people are behind you? What do you expect to be the end game to this ridiculous New York case filed by Letitia James?

Donald Trump: So, she's a horrible, racist, miserable person. She's not -- she has no idea what she's even doing. She doesn't understand [Inaudible]. She thought Mar-A-Lago was worth $18 million. Eighteen million sounds like a lot to you listeners, but 18 million is, I think you could multiply literally times 50 to 100 times, but she said that because that would be good for her case.

Donald Trump: But she's been exposed and caught, and what she did is tried to make it a values case when actually the statements that I have are far less valuable than the actual value of me. The worth, the overall worth. There was no victim. The banks were paid back. They were represented by the most -- the biggest firms when they made the deal, you know, they loaned me money.

Donald Trump: I paid it back. Very simple. They loaned me money, I paid them back, paid full interest, never had a problem, never had a default, always paid right on time and then she came in and sued. She said, "Oh, I got the money." I didn't even need the money. If you take a look at the cash, we have a tremendous company, [Inaudible] OK? So, this is a horrible human being.

Leo Terrell: Thank you, Mr. President. We're out of time. We'll hit a hard break. We'll be right back. I want to thank you Mr. President for taking time to talk to us. This is the Sean Hannity radio program. We'll be right back.