Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-vince-coglianese-podcast-may-28-2023

Dan Bongino: Mr. President, thanks for joining us.

Donald Trump: Hello, Dan.

Dan Bongino: Mr. President, we got the report yesterday. Everything you said was correct. This is one of those hashtag Donald Trump was right again moments. Sir, you -- you were framed. You were framed.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Dan Bongino: They had no evidence of any of this from the start. Your -- your thoughts on that?

Donald Trump: They thought they were going to lose, and we were indeed framed, and it really pertained more because they missed the dates. And amazingly, the report wasn't picked up until just after the election, if you remember. I think it was BuzzFeed, which is now essentially out of business, I understand, which is a very good thing for the -- for the country.

Donald Trump: They were bad news, but this was done sometime after the campaign had actually affected -- if you look at it and really study it, it really affected 2020 much more, because we went through years of nonsense with Russia, Russia, Russia. I didn't even know what they were talking about. People would come up to me, "Sir, do you know anything about Russia?" And after a while, I'd say, "What's going on with Russia?" It was a frame up, and these are bad people.

Donald Trump: This is Schiff and Clinton and all -- these are bad people, but it was much more than them. Marc Elias. You take a look at what they did and this really affected 2020 more than it affected --

Dan Bongino: That's right.

Donald Trump: -- 2016. It was meant for 2016, but they couldn't get it off. You know, they -- they had this fake dossier written by Steele, and who was offered millions in order to try and get it confirmed and he couldn't get it confirmed. He couldn't get anybody to confirm it, because it was all fake. It was like you write a fiction book and, but this really affected the 2020. Another thing in the 2020 election, which was totally rigged, by the way, incredibly --

Dan Bongino: Yes.

Donald Trump: -- how they didn't want to talk about that, Dan. They didn't want to talk a rig. But all you have to do is take a look at the 51 intelligence agencies. That's rigging it. Take a look at True to Vote. These are great patriots, Catherine Engelbrecht and these are great patriots, went around for -- for a year.

Donald Trump: Took all of the tapes out. She sold all of the stuffing the ballot boxes that took hundreds of thousands of votes, stuffing the ballot boxes that took place. And just, you take a look at just Twitter and the FBI, and that's all modern day stuff. That doesn't even go back that far. But now you find out they found out much later about Twitter and the FBI, the 51 intelligence agencies saying it was Russian disinformation.

Donald Trump: And everyone knew -- every single one of them knew it wasn't. No. This -- it had a huge impact on the 2020 election.

Dan Bongino: Yes, Mr. President, they interfered in multiple elections, 2016, the midterms with the impeachment, 2020 with their interference with Twitter to make the Hunter Biden story disappear. But Mr. President, I think the most stunning line from the Durham thing, the Durham report that came out yesterday, is that they never possessed quote, "Any actual evidence of collusion," and that Obama, Biden, Lynch and Comey, who you thankfully fired, they knew in July of 2016 this whole thing was you being framed by Hillary Clinton.

Donald Trump: Yes. This was a coup and if I didn't fire --

Dan Bongino: Yes.

Donald Trump: -- Comey, probably you wouldn't have made it. I wouldn't have made it. This great administration that did so much wouldn't have made it because Comey, this was a whole coup. They were ready to go in. You know, it's interesting, when I fired Comey, it was like -- it was like throwing a rock at a hornet's nest.

Donald Trump: They went crazy in the FBI. That's when we found that out -- that the insurance policy, remember with Strzok --

Dan Bongino: Yes.

Donald Trump: -- and Page, the insurance policy. What do you do? Remember that line, "What do you do?" He's going to win. He's going -- no, no, he'll never win. It's 100 million to 1, right? That was my chance, he said. He said, "But if he does, we have an insurance policy." This was all the insurance policy. This is sick.

Dan Bongino: Yes.

Donald Trump: But you know --

Dan Bongino: Yes.

Donald Trump: -- we found that one and then we found out a lot of others and the whole thing blew up in their face. But had I not fired Comey and it all blew up because everyone went wild when I fired -- they were all fighting for the job and they didn't care about him at that point. They just wanted to take care of themselves, but it all blew up. If I didn't fire Comey, he would have walked in with Strzok and Page and this one and McCabe and they would have said, "Sir, I'm sorry, but the Russia thing." I said, "What Russia thing?" Can you imagine if you would have been taken out of office for something that you never even heard about?

Donald Trump: These are bad people. These are sick people. I remember and I told you the story where they walked out where Adam Schiff, the crooked guy, that's such a crooked guy, little Adam Schiff, he walks out, Shifty Schiff. He walks out to the press. He wasn't supposed to because he was in a meeting of so-called intelligence, right?

Donald Trump: But he walks out to the press and he says, "Donald Trump Junior will go to jail for life for what he's done here." And he knew it was a phony thing. He's saying that a young man has to go to jail for life because of what he did on Russia, Russia, Russia, and he knew that it was a hoax. Think of how bad do you have to be to say a thing like that?

Dan Bongino: And he's running for Senate, Mr. President. He's running for Senate right now, Adam Schiff.

Donald Trump: Well, you know what, I hope -- maybe I should endorse him. You know what, I'll endorse him because that way he might lose in that area, I don't know. My endorsements --

Dan Bongino: I like that idea.

Donald Trump: -- are 99 percent in the Republican Party, but maybe what I'll do is I'll say, "Let's -- we got to get Adam Schiff in there." That's a great line.

Dan Bongino: Right, do you like an anti-endorsement like a Kryptonite endorsement? I like that. It's a good idea.

Donald Trump: I'm going to endorse him. Anyway.

Dan Bongino: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: Honestly, it's such a horrible thing what took place.

Dan Bongino: Yes, just a couple more questions. I -- I know you've got to run. Thank you for calling in. I appreciate it. We're -- we're hoping you're going to be the next President of the United States. Now that you've experienced the FBI interfering in multiple elections, this is indisputable at this point, can we get a promise from you for a house cleaning?

Dan Bongino: The minute we get in office, don't wait. Don't -- no, no -- we don't need the first 100 days. Just the first 100 minutes. We need everybody gone who cannot pledge allegiance to the Constitution and pledges allegiance to the Democrat Party first.

Donald Trump: Well, after looking at the report and after seeing it -- and don't forget I did a house fire. I fired a lot of people, but the deep --

Dan Bongino: Yes.

Donald Trump: -- state goes deep. Hey, firing Comey was not, you know, that was -- and I fired him very early. You know, a lot of people said, "Why did you wait so long?" He was fired very, very early. And it was a great firing. I'm telling you, they were looking to do real bad -- this was -- this was a coup that they were looking at. These are sick people.

Donald Trump: So, yes, the -- only a fool would not do that. You have to do it deep, not only there, you have to do it in a lot of other locations, but you know this continues. I don't know if you know, but we have a friend of Weissmann. A very good friend of Weissmann is Jack Smith and his wife hates Trump and he hates Trump and they've campaigned against Trump.

Donald Trump: They spent money against Trump. They have friends hate Trump and he's the special counsel. I call him the special persecutor, not prosecutor. Persecutor because persecutor is worse, but Jack Smith and he continues to go after Trump with the phony boxes hoax. And if you take a look at Biden, Biden's got boxes all over the place.

Donald Trump: He had no right to declassify. I do. And -- but you just take a look. Jack Smith, this is a continuation of the same hoax. It's all a big hoax. They're all friends.

Dan Bongino: Yes.

Donald Trump: They're in there, they're embedded and it's really a question -- it's rhinos and it's Democrats, radical left Democrats. I love the way you start your show with the radical left. You fight the radical left. There's the radical left and they've been there for years. They've been there for years and -- and we've done a hell of a job on it. Boy, they don't want -- you know how you know?

Donald Trump: Because they don't want me. But we have a hoax going on right now and it should be stopped immediately by the attorney general. It's a total charade.

Dan Bongino: Yes, Mr. President, you had in the last administration -- in your last administration, you were looking at schedule F'ing employees, which would enable you to get rid of a lot of employees who cannot pledge allegiance to the Constitution. And of course, Joe Biden got rid of that because he wants to keep people in the swamp forever.

Dan Bongino: Can we count on something like that after your presidency too, so we can again get people in there who pledge service to the public and not pledge service to the Democrat party?

Donald Trump: Right and I was the one that suggested that, but if you take a look at NARA, NARA has red flagged the Constitution of the United States. I don't know if you know this and they've -- red flagged the Bill of Rights because they've red flagged it because they said they're dangerous documents or something to that effect.

Donald Trump: So, you have NARA which is all radical left. That's the ones that started this current hoax. But NARA, radical left NARA, has the Bill of Rights and the Constitution of the United States red flagged because they're dangerous documents, ok? That's where we're coming from and now we'll get it all taken care of, Dan.

Donald Trump: You know that.

Dan Bongino: Mr. President, one last question.

Donald Trump: And we'll start by the way by closing up our border and by drill baby drill, as I said on CNN the other --

Dan Bongino: I love that.

Donald Trump: -- night. They got -- they got one of the greatest ratings in their history and they're going to throw the guy out. I think they're going to throw him out for putting me on. [Inaudible] Mr. President, I hate to correct you, you know I like you, you're my -- you're my buddy and I don't want to correct you on the air, but it's TNN, the Trump News Network.

Donald Trump: So, please don't air that -- yes, it was a big mistake. We're referring to it on this show only as TNN. So again, I hate to correct you, I'm not trying to embarrass you, young man, but I got to take care of -- one more question, Mr. President.

Dan Bongino: Listen, everybody from the beginning knew the story was ridiculous, but a lot of people got taken down as collateral damage. General Flynn, an American patriot. This poor George Papadopoulos, who we learned yesterday, made exculpatory statements to a source in the FBI. In other words, said he had nothing to do with this at all.

Dan Bongino: And then they went to the FISA court and said, "No, no, he's involved in Russian collusion." I mean, a lot of people got taken down in addition to them trying to get rid of you.

Donald Trump: Yes, and they got taken down and we're going to make -- we're going to make amends to those people. People were treated so unfairly. And by the way, I know how you feel about it, but what about J6, where you have policemen, firemen, soldiers, military people, phenomenal patriots in jail, but Antifa, BLM and some of these other groups that killed people all over Portland and all over Seattle and all over Minneapolis and killed people and burned down the cities and took over the cities?

Donald Trump: Nothing happens to them. How about that? Would you want us to think about that a little bit too? I will be.

Dan Bongino: Yes, Mr. --

Donald Trump: We will be.

Dan Bongino: -- President, I know you got to run. Thank you so much for calling in. You know, you have my support. I deeply appreciate it. Thanks a lot for your time.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Dan. I appreciate it, too. Thanks a lot, Dan. Bye.

Dan Bongino: You got it.