Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-sean-mcdonald-wmur-new-hampshire-january-29-2023

Sean McDonald: [Begins while in progress] in the nation primary state. The Democratic National Committee has threatened to change that calendar. How important is New Hampshire to somebody running for president?

Donald Trump: Well, it's very important. And even from the standpoint of tradition and history, it's so important. And I think what the Democrats have done is terrible because they've broken something that's -- that's vital, in my opinion. But the Republicans haven't done it. I made sure that they didn't do it. And you're -- you're first.

Donald Trump: That's -- we're going to keep it that way for a long time.

Sean McDonald: Yeah. You talked about the support you saw coming in here, the signs out there for Trump.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Sean McDonald: There are some, after the January 6th riots, that changed their minds about the Trump brand. How do you bring those voters back?

Donald Trump: Well, I'm not so sure they've changed their mind. I think when they see the way they're treating -- being treated so badly -- patriots are being treated so badly, and they were there to protest a -- an election that was an -- just a horrible election, a horrible -- the way they covered the election, the way the election worked out, it was a disgrace with the mail-in ballots and all of the things that happened.

Donald Trump: And there's so many different things, and you look at different states. And they were there as a protest. And in many respects, many of them are great patriots. And when they look at the way antifa is treated, which is absolutely hands off, gloves off, nothing happens, BLM, and then the way they treat American patriots, I think we have tremendous support.

Donald Trump: And I think we have tremendous support, in particular, in this state. We've won two primaries. We did great in two elections, and I think we're going to have a big victory.

Sean McDonald: Now, there are some New Hampshire voters who want to see a more conciliatory tone with the politicians, maybe some people who seek middle ground. Do you think you'll change your tone or change your speech at all during this campaign?

Donald Trump: I think we will, but first, we have to win. We have to win. We have to get our economy back. We have to stop -- you know, it's never nice when you say we've got to build a wall. It's never nice when you say we have to stop. You know, we -- I built hundreds of miles of wall, and it -- it gave us the safest -- we had the safest border we've ever had, the safest in terms of drugs coming in.

Donald Trump: Right now, it's 10 times more drugs coming in than just two years ago. And I built hundreds of miles of wall. In order to get that, it's not necessarily going to be the nicest thing. But ultimately, when everything works out and when we bring our country back and take our country back because our country is being poisoned, what they're doing to our country is incredible, it's being poisoned, I think the tone is going to be very, very strong.

Donald Trump: You know, if you remember, just before COVID coming in from China or the China virus coming in, whatever you want to call it, we were at a point where radical left liberals were calling me. They wanted to have appointments. We were getting along. Everybody was working. We're the highest numbers in history in terms of employment.

Donald Trump: Everybody was working, everybody was happy, and it was all coming together. Then we had COVID come in and we had to redo it and we redid it a second time, and our stock market was higher than it was before COVID came in the first time. So, it was -- it was an amazing thing that we did. But sometimes, you have to be strong to do it, and being strong doesn't necessarily mean being nice.

Donald Trump: With that being said, when it's done, I think we will be -- I -- I think the whole country can come together.

Sean McDonald: Yeah. The 2024 GOP ballot could be very crowded, including possibly some members of your own former administration, possibly the New Hampshire governor as well. How do you stand out if it gets crowded?

Donald Trump: Well, I think we're winning by so much right now. If you look at the polls, we're winning by 35, 40 points in many of the polls. So, we're winning. We're -- I just saw a poll this morning, you know, in the -- in the state, in New Hampshire, where we're winning by a lot, you know. So, I think we're going to do very well.

Donald Trump: I can only say that what -- as of today, we're winning by numbers that are not necessarily easy to beat.

Sean McDonald: Yeah. Now, you brought up the raid at Mar-a-Lago in your speech.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Sean McDonald: How did it come to a raid? How did the documents -- the classified documents wind up there?

Donald Trump: Well, it's a Democrat-run group, as you know very much, not only FBI and DOJ, but if you look at NARA, which is with respect to the documents. And they've red-flagged, as an example, the Constitution of the United States, and they red-flagged the Bill of Rights as being bad, dangerous. I mean, think of it.

Donald Trump: And this is what happened. We're having very good talks with them. We have locked, secured premises. No -- nobody stronger. We had Secret Service watching. We had my security watching. You know, it's not like a garage where everything is thrown all over the floor, garage door that is opened half the time, and there's nobody even around.

Donald Trump: That's where the opposition's documents were. So, they did something that, I think, was a big mistake. The -- I think the whole country really viewed that as a very big mistake. I think they would not have done that again if they had to do it again. People viewed that as being disgraceful.

Sean McDonald: Yeah. You're running for 2024 --

Unidentified: We'll do the last question right here.

Sean McDonald: Do you still believe that the elections are rigged? Has it been fixed?

Donald Trump: Certain states, they were absolutely rigged, in my opinion, certain states. And I think that comes out -- every week, you see more and more evidence of it. They're looking at many, many things right now. Court victories have been won. Yeah, it's very, very sad. We can never let it happen again. We have to have free and fair elections.

Donald Trump: We should go back to paper ballots because that is -- you can't cheat. We have to go back to one-day voting, same-day voting, it's called. We have to get rid of as many mail-in ballots as possible. If people are sick or if it's military far away -- but we have to have one-day voting, paper ballots, voter ID, and you'll never have this problem.

Sean McDonald: OK. Will we see you back here in New Hampshire soon?

Donald Trump: I'll be back a lot.

Sean McDonald: OK. Thank you, sir. I appreciate it.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you very much.