Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-rich-valdes-america-at-night-podcast-january-18-2023

Rich Valdés: Donald J. Trump, Mr. President. Welcome to the program, sir.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you, Rich, and thank you for everything. I know you very well, and I have -- I listen, but I have a lot of people that listen. And they love your show, and I appreciate it very much.

Rich Valdés: Thank you, sir. I appreciate that. Now, I want to -- I want to get to this this poll I saw because I remember. I was a little kid, and when I was a little kid -- just incidentally, when I was a little kid, there was -- there was that Trump Village and there was the Lefrak City. And there were so many real estate developments.

Donald Trump: Right.

Rich Valdés: And as I was growing up -- I grew up in Brooklyn. As I was growing up, I saw that there were more and more buildings, and Trump became, you know, like the owner of the New York City skyline. And this -- this Trump brand was like, "Man, this is cool. I want to be like that guy when I grow up," right? And then all of a sudden, fast forward 20, 30 years and you're running for president, and I thought man, that's -- it's kind of crazy that you have a guy who's got this golden skyscraper on Fifth Avenue, supermodel wife, he got it all, and you decide, let me, you know, kind of throw it all away in many ways, right, to become persecuted, to become the most hated and most investigated guy in America.

Rich Valdés: And I always thought to myself, there had to be something really, really big there, especially when -- you know, this program used to be The Larry King Show years ago and then the Bohannon Show, and now, it's my show.

Donald Trump: Right.

Rich Valdés: But I saw an interview that you did with Larry King. I think it was in 1987. And you said, "I don't think I'm running for president, Larry." And I just thought, you know, you had it going on then. You have it going on now, but you decided to. What was that deciding factor?

Donald Trump: Well, first of all, he was a great guy, Larry. He was such a professional at what he did, and you understand that. You know, if you're too tough, you can't get guests the following night. And if you're not tough enough, nobody wants to watch. He was an amazing guy for so many years. And I actually said to him, you know, I -- pretty strongly, I said, I don't think I'm going to run for office because I'm too honest.

Donald Trump: And you do have to be honest, but at the same time, sometimes that hurts a little bit. But I would say that nobody's done what we've done. We had the strongest border in history. We were able to cut taxes more than even the Reagan tax cuts. We -- the biggest tax cuts in history, the biggest regulation cuts in history, rebuilt the military.

Donald Trump: Sadly, so much of it went over to Afghanistan. I mean, it's hard to believe $85 billion given away. We had that in great shape. You would have never ever -- in a million years, you would have never seen Putin attacking Ukraine. That was not going to happen. Likewise with Taiwan and President Xi of China, that's -- let's see what happens there.

Donald Trump: It hasn't happened yet, but it certainly looks like it could. But you would have never seen the Ukraine situation taking place. And all of these other things, Space Force and Right to Try and so many different things that we did. And it's really about I want to see our country be great again. We made new trade deals that are incredible, the USMCA, Mexico and Canada instead of NAFTA, which was one of the worst trade deals ever made any -- by any country.

Donald Trump: It was horrible. And you know it's good because Mexico and Canada want to renegotiate the deal now. So, you know it. Obviously, that worked out to be pretty good. But we've done a lot, and we would have done even more. You know, we had the Abraham Accords. You take a look -- with Israel, we -- we literally saved Israel, I think, because the taking it out of -- number one, we had Jerusalem, and we had the capital and the whole thing and the embassy.

Donald Trump: You know about that. But cutting the Iran nuclear deal and ending it, terminating it was -- was so important, I mean, just so important. Golan Heights, another thing for Israel. So, we just did a lot of things. And there are a lot of people say, you know, one of the most consequential presidencies. And then we had an election which, to put it nicely, was rigged and stolen.

Donald Trump: And what we did is we hunkered down, and we proved a lot of things. And we're now running again, and we're going to finish the job. We had the best southern -- we had the best southern border in the history of our country. There's never been anything like it. Now, the drugs are coming in at a rate of almost 10 times what they were.

Donald Trump: You know, two years ago, we had the best southern border we've ever had. Now, we have the worst southern border. Probably, we have the worst border in the history of our country because I always say and you've heard it, in history, I don't think there's ever been a border that's been like this. No -- no country, even a third-world country, would allow a border to be like what's happening to us right now. We're being poisoned.

Rich Valdés: Yeah, that's true. Folks, we're on with President Donald Trump, the 45th president of the United States. Now, -- and you mentioned something about being too tough or not being tough. And you're right. It's a delicate balance on these interview shows. But the left within the media, they're having a field day with this recent poll.

Rich Valdés: The New York Post has got this poll up saying that, you know -- a bunch of things. Basically, it's not very favorable to your campaign, and it reminds me to when I was a kid and and Reagan was running. And I would hear my parents talking about this stuff. And they were saying that he wasn't going to win, and this wasn't going to happen, and that was going to happen.

Rich Valdés: And we saw what happened with Reagan. How do you react to this -- this current poll that shows Biden doing better than you in a hypothetical matchup?

Donald Trump: Well, I've had that from the beginning. I've always had it, and I had it in 2016. And we won, and we won handily against Hillary. And I had it last time, and we got more votes. We got almost 75 million votes. That's more than any sitting president in history. And in my very -- it's not an opinion. I believe it's a fact, frankly.

Donald Trump: We won that election easily in 2020, but you had COVID and you had all these mail-in ballots and all of the -- it was just a terrible thing. But even if you look at what the FBI did with suppression, you look at the 2,000 mules and you look at all of the things that happened in that -- in that election, it was a disgrace.

Donald Trump: But we did great. We got, you know, 12 million more votes, approximately 12 million more votes than we had four years before. I was told if we got the same 63 million votes, we win. And we got much more. We got 12 million votes more and -- and we supposedly didn't win. But I've heard that from the beginning, and they use that narrative.

Donald Trump: They also say, "Oh, we want to run against Trump," but in the meantime they're spending hundreds of millions of dollars fighting me. If they want to win against Trump, they should let Trump just, you know -- they could call off all of their Democratic radical-left prosecutors because they want -- they don't want to -- they don't want to fight us.

Donald Trump: They don't want to go against us. But they're the people of misinformation. That's what they do. I mean, the only thing they're good at is cheating on elections and misinformation. And, you know, I call them radical-left Marxists. Socialism was left at the station. They passed over socialism already.

Donald Trump: And I've had it from the beginning. They come up and these polls are just as phony as the fake news writing. And we -- I had a -- I had polls showing me I was so far down in certain states that I could never even come close to winning. And, as an example, in Wisconsin, they had me 17 points down in a poll a couple of days before the election.

Donald Trump: And you end up winning the state, and it's -- it's just terrible what they do. The polls are very crooked, and the fake news is very crooked, very corrupt and crooked. But I don't know exactly what poll you're talking -- you know, we're doing very well in the polls, and I don't know the one you're talking about.

Donald Trump: But whenever they see a poll that they usually make, they play it up big, especially the New York Post, which has gone to hell. But, you know, it's gone -- it's gone bad. And Fox is not the same group now that it was. Fox -- Fox is a whole different -- it's a whole different ballgame.

Rich Valdés: Yeah. Just for the record, I'm referencing -- yeah. I'm the WPA intelligence survey. And in that vein, I think --

Donald Trump: yeah.

Rich Valdés: You've got -- you've got critics on both sides.

Donald Trump: I've never heard of that by the way. I never heard of it. I never heard it.

Rich Valdés: Honestly. What's that?

Donald Trump: I never heard of it, Intelligence -- lack of intelligence. But I had this. You know this. I mean, I had it from the beginning. Remember, I used to go over the polls during all of the speeches, we're winning here, we're winning there by so much.

Rich Valdés: That's right. But they'd always have some bad ones because they get -- they get them to write the bad polls. But I think we're winning by a lot. I mean, I see polls where we're were winning by 21, 22, 30 points even in some cases. And I think we have good polls, but we'll see. Now, moving off of '24 and to these recent revelations of Hunter Biden paying 50 grand a month to Joe Biden for rent, I'm thinking you as a real estate developer, do you think you could get a deal like that in Delaware 50K a month?

Donald Trump: Well, for Hunter to be paying that on a house where the rent -- I guess they estimated it, maybe it should be 4,000. And he's paying 50,000 and paying it to the father. And they don't even know who owns the house. They think the father owns it. But in that case, he's getting money, and he owns the house, which would be even more interesting, I guess.

Donald Trump: But supposedly, the father is getting 50,000 -- approximately $50,000 a month for a rent that should be a tiny fraction of that. You know, that's a lot of rent, and Delaware is a wonderful place, but that's a lot of rent for Delaware as the expression goes. And nobody's ever heard of anything like that.

Donald Trump: So, I think that's just phase one. And that has actually picked up. I'm surprised. I will say this about the media. They've really played this Hunter Biden stuff so far hot. I'm sure they'll drop it at some point. You know, I said to our first lady who's -- people love. They said, "Melania, you know, this is a big thing, this money and the whole thing with the classified documents totally unsecured laying all over the floor of a garage and all this."

Donald Trump: She said, "Yeah, nothing will happen. Nothing will happen." I said, you know, sadly there's a lot of truth to that. They talk about it and nothing happens. They don't do anything about it. But I think this group of Republicans in Congress is very strong. I think that was a real unification vote, that whole thing.

Donald Trump: It lasted for four days, and I think in retrospect, it was a great thing. And I see unity in the Republican Party like I haven't seen in a long time. They've got to get rid of Mitch McConnell. He's a disastrous leader. They've got to choose somebody else. I mean, this guy with that 1.7 trillion that he just hands to him with no -- no negotiation.

Donald Trump: He's just absolutely terrible. And his wife was totally China-centric, call her Coco Chow. She's totally China-centric. That's all she cares about is China. So, I think it's a disgrace that Mitch McConnell is representing the Republicans right now.

Rich Valdés: I agree. Now, I want to ask you about the differences between Corvettes and skiffs because, apparently, you have a skiff at Mar-a-Lago where you can deal with your classified material. But President Biden kept his classified materials in his garage with a Corvette. What do you think about that?

Donald Trump: Yeah. Well, I'll tell you this. Well, we had a skiff. I don't know that we have it now. I think they took a lot of stuff out of here, but we had a skiff. But Mar-a-Lago is a very secure place, very powerful place. We've got guards, and we also have Secret Service. And the room was locked, and it was, you know -- it's a very secure -- it's a very secure environment, and people can't get in to start off.

Donald Trump: You know, it's very hard to get in to start off with. When you look at a garage with a flimsy door in front and that's open and he's got papers all over the floor and there's no security, there's no guard, there's no Secret Service -- and, you know, the other thing is I have the right to declassify, whereas vice presidents don't have that right.

Donald Trump: And if you look at the Presidential Records Act, according to that, I did everything perfectly. This was done absolutely well, absolutely -- you negotiate with NARA. Now, NARA is a problem. They started this whole thing. NARA, they have, as you know, the Constitution of the United States and the Bill of Rights red flagged because they think they're dangerous documents.

Donald Trump: So, you know, when you see that, Rich, you say, well that's a little bit strange. But they have -- think of it, the Constitution and the Bill of Rights are red flagged, dangerous documents or something like that. And, you know, that's where they're coming from. So it's -- it's pretty, pretty sad, but the media is really hitting Biden on this stuff.

Donald Trump: It's a little bit surprising. I thought they'd slough it off and -- they've lost credibility. Their ratings are way down. By the way, your ratings are up. Congratulations.

Rich Valdés: Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: It's always nice to check. I like to see -- even if they're friends, I like to see, how are they doing? Are people listening? Right?

Rich Valdés: That's right.

Donald Trump: But you're doing great. But, you know, the ratings are down for a lot of the fake news media. The -- those night shows, I mean, they have no talent. You look at Fallon and you look at Kimmel and the other character on CBS, it's -- I mean they have -- they have no talent whatsoever. They're not funny.

Donald Trump: They're sad. And those ratings are down to the lowest point they've ever been for that hour. All of them, they're all doing badly.

Rich Valdés: Well, with -- with programs like America at Night with Rich Valdes and Donald Trump as a guest, who's going to watch late-night TV? Come on.

Donald Trump: Who would want to -- I want to listen to you, Rich, all the time.

Rich Valdés: Now, President Trump, I want to ask you. I know that you once owned a pageant organization. And we're looking at this stuff with the pageant and they're saying it's about women, but it's not even biological women that are running it. What do you think, overall, what's going on with the pageant industry, and how is that spilling over into the culture?

Donald Trump: Well, I own that pageant, and I sold it to the group that owned it. Maybe they sold it again. I don't know. It was the Miss Universe pageant, and I did great with it. It was a great success. I sold it for a lot of money. When I became president or just before, I said, you know, it's not so great to be president and own the Miss Universe pageant, right? So -- but I sold it, and I just see this over the last couple of days.

Donald Trump: No, I -- I'm a little bit surprised by it. I'm a little bit surprised. I don't know who's running it. I might check that out and have to tell you. But we made it a great success. And then in all fairness to them, I sold it. And then after I sold it, COVID came, almost pretty soon after I sold it. And, you know, it's hard to have beautiful women walking up and down a runway with masks on, right? You know, it's like --

Rich Valdés: Right. I'm with you on that one.

Donald Trump: It was -- it was not a good break for them. The COVID wasn't. But now, I understand I've been seeing what's happening, and, you know, it's very surprising.

Rich Valdés: President Trump, in the final minute we have, I know there's -- there's always critics out there that say things. Trump is toxic. Trump is this. It's time for him to move on, this and that. What do you say to them, whether they're Republicans or Democrats, that are listening right now? What are you -- what's your response to that critique?

Donald Trump: Well, so we had the greatest economy in the history of the world, actually, if you look at what we did for our four years, but just prior to COVID, and then I rebuilt it again and hand it over something where the stock market was even higher. But we had the greatest economy. We had the greatest military.

Donald Trump: We had no inflation. We had no Ukraine being attacked by Russia and all of the money that we're spending now and all of those people that are being killed and decimated and the cities that are being destroyed. Should have never happened. Would have never ever happened. And sometimes, they say, "Oh, gee, but he's -- he's nasty."

Donald Trump: I have to be nasty because I have to defend myself and I have to defend MAGA. Have to do it, Rich.

Rich Valdés: Absolutely. Well, sir, thank you for being with us and for making America great again.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you. Great show. Thanks, Rich.

Rich Valdés: God bless. More to come straight --