Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-nigel-farage-gb-news-scotland-may-3-2023

Nigel Farage: 2014, it's been hugely improved. It's now rated as the No. 1 golf course in the whole of Britain, Ireland, and the rest of Europe. And it is a truly extraordinary place. I've been very, very happy to be staying here. It's the most beautiful hotel, possibly now the best hotel -- certainly one of the best hotels in Scotland.

Nigel Farage: Donald Trump, it's the first time he's been here in five years. I asked him how much he'd missed it, and I think the answer is hugely going into politics and current affairs comes at a cost. But he sat down with us this afternoon exclusively with me for GB News. And as ever, of course, Trump doesn't disappoint.

Nigel Farage: I asked him what he thought about King Charles and the coronation on Saturday.

Donald Trump: I think it's going to be a great day, and I think that they will do a great job.

Nigel Farage: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And he loves the country. And really, I got to know him quite well, and he loves the country, really loves the country. And he loved his mother.

Nigel Farage: I also asked him about the ongoing war in Ukraine. What could he do if he was president of the USA?

Donald Trump: So, if I were president, and I say this, I will end that war in one day. It'll take 24 hours.

Nigel Farage: I asked him why was Joe Biden not coming to the coronation and what did he think Biden would be doing.

Donald Trump: And when you have somebody that's going to be sleeping instead of coming to the coronation as president of the United States, I think that's -- I think that's a bad thing.

Nigel Farage: So, here it is, "Farage: The Trump Interview," exclusively here on GB News. Hello.

Donald Trump: Hello, Nigel.

Nigel Farage: How was the golf?

Donald Trump: The golf was great. It's great. Nice to see you.

Nigel Farage: It's fantastic. Everything about it is beautiful.

Donald Trump: It's great to have you here.

Nigel Farage: Good. Lovely people.

Donald Trump: Oh, boy. Did you see the wedding?

Nigel Farage: I know. I know.

Donald Trump: How beautiful was that?

Nigel Farage: I know, I know. I was chatting with them last night. Yeah, very nice people. Are you ready?

Donald Trump: Ready.

Nigel Farage: Let's do it. Thank you for sitting down with me and GB News. We really, really appreciate it.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much. It's been a long friendship we've had and respect for each other, and I appreciate it. That's very nice.

Nigel Farage: Well, we're delighted. And what a place. This is unbelievable.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Nigel Farage: I mean, you said when you arrived, this was your mother's home country, as indeed it was.

Donald Trump: Right. That's right.

Nigel Farage: And I know she spoke Gaelic. And it's funny because we had Joe Biden the other week telling us how Irish he was.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Nigel Farage: But there's a lot of Scot in Donald Trump, isn't there?

Donald Trump: Well, my mother loved this country, and she would come back every year during the summer, usually with one of my sisters. And she just loved Scotland. And she respected the queen greatly, loved and respected the queen. And so, we've had a tremendous relationship to Scotland.

Nigel Farage: But when you come here, I mean, this golf course --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Nigel Farage: You've turned this golf course around. It's now the No. 1 course in the whole of Britain and Europe.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Nigel Farage: You've got this magnificent hotel. You must have missed this place. You haven't been for a couple of years, five years then.

Donald Trump: Well, I've been so busy politically that I haven't -- it's been a few years, and we spent a tremendous amount of money. It was done with a great architect, great golf architect, recommended by Peter Dawson --

Nigel Farage: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Of the Royal and Ancient.

Nigel Farage: R and A.

Donald Trump: I said give me the best one. And Martin Hawtree, and he's a -- he's a fabulous guy, a fabulous man, and he did -- what he does is this type of course. And he -- he really did a great job. And, you know, we had a lot to do with it. Also, we have very strong ideas. I have very powerful ideas on golf and what it should be.

Nigel Farage: Well, I hear that, yesterday, you were out thinking how the course could be improved even further.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Yeah. Well, we're going to make a couple of little minor adjustments, but it's -- it's fantastic. Everybody wants to see The Open Championship here. The players, it's their favorite course. It's the No. 1 rated in Europe. In some lists, it's the No. 1 rated anywhere in the world. And they want to have The Open Championship back here.

Donald Trump: I would have thought that Sturgeon would have wanted that and -- and pressed it.

Nigel Farage: Wow.

Donald Trump: But she -- she's got -- she's got her own agenda.

Nigel Farage: She's gone. She's gone.

Donald Trump: She's gone.

Nigel Farage: Are you pleased to see the back of her?

Donald Trump: Well, I -- I must tell you, we -- we had a -- I didn't know her. I don't know if I ever met her. I'm not sure that I ever met her. I dealt with Alex Salmond. I got along great with him actually until the windmill started coming all over Scotland. I said you're hurting Scotland. You're destroying your environment, frankly.

Donald Trump: The windmills are, I think, a great disturbance to this country and to a lot of other countries, very expensive energy. But I -- I had a very good relationship with him early on when I was getting my approvals. I got all the approvals for Aberdeen, which is incredible, and we built an incredible place in Aberdeen also and spent a lot of time on Turnberry.

Donald Trump: And Turnberry has been a tremendous success, as you probably know.

Nigel Farage: No, I can see that. Well, she's gone, and I have to say that she -- she wanted to make Scotland the most progressive country in the world.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Yeah.

Nigel Farage: And we had this extraordinary case, this Isla Bryson case, a double rapist who decides that suddenly, you know, she's going to be a woman and get sent to a woman's prison. And Scotland just says we've had enough of this. So, it does kind of show the pendulum can swing back, can it?

Donald Trump: Well, I think a lot of countries have had enough of it, what's going on. And I know that case, and I thought it was terrible, and I guess it -- it helped ruin her career. I think she had other reasons also. But I just felt she didn't love Scotland. I mean, she -- she would not treat -- somebody comes in and spends a lot of money.

Donald Trump: Remember, Sean Connery said, "Let him build his bloody golf course." And after that, I got my approvals. He was incredible, Sean Connery, who was great.

Nigel Farage: Yeah.

Donald Trump: You know, he's a great guy, tough guy.

Nigel Farage: Well -- well, the new guy, I do wonder because Humza Yousaf, the new first minister, was asked about your trip. He said, "I don't think he'll be rushing to meet me. I would find it difficult, I have to say, to meet him without raising the significance of concerns I have of the remarks he's made in the past."

Nigel Farage: What he's referring to is Sadiq Khan. He says that your comments about Sadiq are anti-Muslim.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Well, not anti-Muslim. I have friends that are Muslim and great friends and, frankly, leaders of countries that are Muslim and I've had great relationships. If you look at Saudi Arabia and many other countries, great relationships. So, I don't exactly know what he's talking about. But, you know, I've kept a very safe country.

Donald Trump: When I was president, we kept a very, very safe country and did a really great job. But I don't know him. I hope he's going to do a great job, and I'm sure he's going to be a lot better than Sturgeon.

Nigel Farage: Well, let's hope so.

Donald Trump: Let's hope so.

Nigel Farage: Yeah, absolutely. No, it's -- yeah, because actually, people -- I'm meeting in this hotel, meeting Scottish people, men and women in business, and they're all kind of saying the same thing, that Scotland has become a very uncompetitive place to do business.

Donald Trump: Well, they just said -- I just walked by and there was a big crowd for a wedding, a beautiful wedding, incredible people, and they were not happy with the -- with the people that were running Scotland, let's put it that way. They said, "Run for -- run for first minister, sir. Run for first minister." I think that's not a good thing.

Nigel Farage: Well, I think you may -- I think you might have other things on your agenda on that score.

Donald Trump: No wonder [Inaudible] But, you know, I just hope the new man is going to do a much better job than she did. She was very, very anti-money coming in, very anti-jobs if you look at it. And I don't know her. I mean, I -- literally, I don't know her.

Nigel Farage: Right.

Donald Trump: But somebody that invests a lot of money in Scotland, you would -- you should cherish those people because I created tremendous jobs. Turnberry is a tremendous success. Now, we employ, you know, hundreds and hundreds of people. And this whole area is based around Turnberry, and it's been just -- you know, it's been a joy to do it.

Donald Trump: It's a piece of art. It's the greatest -- I mean, again, probably the greatest course anywhere in the world. And we made it, we -- we kept it, and we really improved it. You know, you have to upgrade and everything else, and we did it to the nth degree. And it's been an honor to do it. But we should have support from the government, not always have to fight the guy. It was always a fight with her.

Nigel Farage: Well, let's -- let's see where Scotland goes.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Nigel Farage: But it's 16 years ago today that the SNP first won a majority --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Nigel Farage: In the Scottish Parliament.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Nigel Farage: I just wonder, with Sturgeon gone, with the opinion polls changing, does it look to you like Scotland is now going to stay part of the United Kingdom?

Donald Trump: I think they should.

Nigel Farage: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I think they should. I think they should all work together. And, you know, there's a great love of the queen. It's very interesting. The queen kept it together. This woman was amazing. I got to know her very well over the last couple of years that I was president. And we had events together. We had the beautiful -- one of the most beautiful events that I've ever attended, and I sat with her for hours.

Donald Trump: And also, your new queen is going to be terrific. She has a fantastic personality, and Charles is a wonderful guy. I got to know him very well.

Nigel Farage: And now, it's -- it's a very big week for them. It really is.

Donald Trump: It's a big week, and it's going to be a great week, and he'll be doing a fantastic job. I believe that.

Nigel Farage: The last time we spoke on GB News, it was, in fact, the 8th of September. It was the day that the queen died. And I could --

Donald Trump: That's right.

Nigel Farage: See you were very clearly moved by meeting this woman. And --and as you say, your mother was a huge fan --

Donald Trump: She was.

Nigel Farage: Of the queen. Now, coronation, this Saturday, it's our first one for almost exactly 70 years. So, it's a -- it's a huge event. We've got over 100 heads of state from around the world are going to be in Westminster Abbey. If you were still in the White House, would you have gone to the coronation?

Donald Trump: Well, I would. I think it's a very important event. I think it's a great thing. A lot of people talk about the monarchy, should you have it or should you not. I think it's a fantastic thing. It holds your country together largely. And I think he's going to be a fantastic representative as king. And queen, she'll -- she'll do a great job.

Donald Trump: She's got a wonderful personality. I got to know her very well, also, setting up dinners for long periods of time, and I got to know her very well. And it's going to be -- I think they'll do a great job together.

Nigel Farage: Now, Mr. Biden is not coming. What does that say about his relationship with the UK? Because we get the feeling here. Yeah, he's very, very pro-Ireland. He completely ignores the fact that Biden is, in fact, an English name. He's got English relatives. He doesn't seem to like us very much.

Donald Trump: I don't think he can do it physically, actually. I think that it's hard for him to do it physically. I think getting over here for him, he's got a lot of things going and a lot of strange things happen. But certainly, he should be here as our representative of our country. I was surprised when I heard that he wasn't coming.

Donald Trump: You would think he would be here. He'll be in Delaware, where he spends a lot of time. He spent a lot of time there during the election.

Nigel Farage: In the bunker?

Donald Trump: So, I don't know. But it's -- I was very surprised to see. I think it's very disrespectful for him not to be here.

Nigel Farage: Yeah, he's sending the first lady, but he's not going to be here. But somebody else who's not coming, of course, is Meghan. Meghan is not coming. Harry is coming. We understand it's a complete in, out. Like, within two hours after the service, he'll be gone. But I kind of think -- I kind of think maybe we're better off without Meghan coming.

Donald Trump: Well, I think that she has been very disrespectful to the queen, frankly, even during that time. I mean, how can you be disrespectful to the queen? The queen was incredible. For years, for decades and decades, she never made a mistake. Think of it. With all of the people that you watch them, and you see they make lots of mistakes if they're famous people or not famous people.

Donald Trump: But I don't know. I can never think of a mistake that she made. She was never controversial. When I was with her, I'll tell the story, and I said, "Who is your favorite president?" "Oh, they were all great. They were all great." I said, "Who -- but did you like Ronald Reagan the best?" "Oh, I liked them all very much."

Donald Trump: What about Richard Nixon? "Oh, I thought he was wonderful." Then I said, "Who is your favorite prime minister?" And she said, "Just fabulous people, every one of them." "But wasn't it Winston Churchill?" "Oh, I liked him very much." And I'm saying to myself, you know, this is so smart because there's like no controversy.

Nigel Farage: Yeah. Yeah.

Donald Trump: She went through years and years and decades without controversy and just did a great job. You cannot be disrespectful to her. And I think Meghan was very disrespectful to her, very, very disrespectful.

Nigel Farage: Oh, I think, you know, up until her death, I think she was the most popular human being in the world.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Nigel Farage: I think the respect she commanded.

Donald Trump: I would say that that is true.

Nigel Farage: Throughout the commonwealth, America, elsewhere.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Nigel Farage: She was amazing. But it's a very tough act to follow someone like that for Charles, and he has his own views, his own way of doing things.

Donald Trump: That's true.

Nigel Farage: He's going to modernize the service a little bit. And, you know, that's the man that he is, and we know the causes that he believes in. But it is a huge challenge both for him and Camilla. And I just would like you to say your message for them.

Donald Trump: I think they're going to do it. I think they're going to do a great job.

Nigel Farage: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I got to know him very well. He does love the environment, I will tell you. He's an environmentalist at the -- to the [Inaudible] That's OK.

Nigel Farage: He likes windmills.

Donald Trump: He does like -- well, so we can have a little disagreement. It's not that I'm against. I think they're extremely inefficient. I think they really hurt the environment. You know, when you look at them going all over the oceans and all over the -- the plains, meaning the beautiful plains and vistas and everything else.

Donald Trump: And then you see these things. And, you know, when you look at them in 10 years and they're all rotted out and rusted, and then you have to buy new ones and the new ones never come, and then they shut them off and they're sitting there rotting. Look, I'm not a fan, and it's very expensive, the most expensive form of energy.

Donald Trump: And they don't even -- they don't even make it if you don't subsidize them. You don't have to subsidize energy. So --

Nigel Farage: But we're saving the planet.

Donald Trump: We're not saving the planet with the windmills here. If anything, you're hurting the planet and you're certainly killing the birds.

Nigel Farage: Well --

Donald Trump: Have you ever looked under a windmill? Have you ever gone to -- you want to see a cemetery for birds? Just walk under a windmill someday. It's -- it's the most incredible thing. They have the greatest press going. Whoever does their public relations has done a great job. And these environmentalists, they talk about wind, but it's really very dirty.

Donald Trump: And, you know, when you make these things, which are all made in China, almost all of them, when you look at the fumes, if you're a believer in this going up, you can never make up for the cost of that. And then, as you know, you're not allowed to bury the blades because they're made of a certain hydrocarbon that's so dirty that if you bury them, it's going to destroy the Earth --

Nigel Farage: And I --

Donald Trump: According to these people.

Nigel Farage: I promise you --

Donald Trump: So, they don't know what to do with them.

Nigel Farage: You haven't got to convince me. I'm not -- I'm not a fan of them either.

Donald Trump: No, it's --

Nigel Farage: But it's a big --

Donald Trump: And we have a phenomenon in our country, I don't know if you do, but the whales are now, all of a sudden, washing up on the shore.

Nigel Farage: I read some of that, yeah. I mean --

Donald Trump: Many, many times, like times 15, times 15, whales are coming up. We never had this before. And the wind farms seem to be driving them onshore. So, I don't know what that's all about, but that's certainly not good.

Nigel Farage: Thus far, none at Turnberry.

Donald Trump: Well, we don't have them at Turnberry.

Nigel Farage: You've got a bit at Aberdeen.

Donald Trump: We take care of our -- we take care of our whales.

Nigel Farage: But there's none here. Well, let's hope, let's hope that for Charles and Camilla, it's a really big day and -- and it's a very, very important day. And I think you're right. I think -- I think the monarchy will survive in this country, but it'll have to change.

Donald Trump: I think it's going to be a great day, and I think that they will do a great job.

Nigel Farage: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And he loves the country. And really, I got to know him quite well, and he loves the country, really loves the country. And he loved his mother. And that's why I thought it was --

Nigel Farage: Yeah.

Donald Trump: She was treated so disrespectfully by Meghan and just no reason to do that. I was actually surprised that Harry was invited, to be honest.

Nigel Farage: I think, at the end of the day, even after a fallout, it's still his son, isn't it?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't know. Look, I mean, different types of people, but I think it was very nice that they invited him, but I was a little surprised. He said some terrible things when -- when you see what he said, and the book was just --

Nigel Farage: Horrible. Yeah.

Donald Trump: To me, it was horrible.

Nigel Farage: Yeah, it was. No, no, it really, really was. Now, the other thing that's changed since you were last here, but a lot's changed, doesn't it? We've got a new monarch.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Nigel Farage: We've got a new first minister in Scotland. Boris Johnson, you had great hope, I think, for your relationship with Boris Johnson as prime minister. How do you think it all ended?

Donald Trump: I liked him so much. I still like him, but he really went a little bit on the liberal side. I mean, he, all of a sudden, became an environmentalist. And -- and I'm -- I'm talking about probably in a negative way, too much. Look, we all want to protect the environment. Nobody does more than I do. I do a lot of jobs.

Donald Trump: Look at this. This was done environmentally, so incredible, Turnberry, Aberdeen. But something happened. He changed. And a wonderful guy. He's a friend of mine. I don't know whether or not he'll be able to make a comeback. It'll be interesting to see. Maybe he will, maybe he won't. I know you had your own events with him.

Nigel Farage: Yeah.

Donald Trump: You -- you had an interesting relationship with him.

Nigel Farage: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I mean, I watched that relationship.

Nigel Farage: Yeah.

Donald Trump: You -- you sort of got along and --

Nigel Farage: I helped him a lot.

Donald Trump: Eventually, you got a little bit tired of it.

Nigel Farage: Yeah. I know I helped him enormously. I helped him enormously. And I -- I kind of was a bit disappointed. I felt that kind of the Brexit deal wasn't really the right deal was the way that I looked at it. And I think, you know -- and I think much of your administration had reservations about that deal. But we've got Rishi Sunak now.

Donald Trump: But when I looked at what you were paying, I thought -- I said, "Why are they paying so much?" It was a lot of money.

Nigel Farage: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Now, I'm not involved in the deal. You know, you do what you have to do. But you were paying tremendously for that deal. And, you know, I had another way of doing it. I told you the way to do it.

Nigel Farage: This was your advice to Theresa May, wasn't it?

Donald Trump: I gave her advice. I said it didn't work out. They misrepresented. Do what you have to do. But -- and I don't want to go exactly into it.

Nigel Farage: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But I would have -- I would have recommended paying very little or nothing because, you know, there were things that were represented that turned out not to be so. But she didn't listen to that advice and look what happened. I think that -- I think Boris is a very good person, but I think he changed a lot in office. A lot.

Nigel Farage: Well, I think a lot of people finished up very disappointed. He still got his supporters obviously, and people like him. Rishi Sunak is bringing a level of stability, I think, to the job. Whether you agree with the policies or not, he's bringing --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Nigel Farage: Some stability.

Donald Trump: I don't know him, but he seems to be, you know, working very hard and doing a good job.

Nigel Farage: But Labour are in the lead. Sir Keir Starmer's Labour are in the lead. I guess, after 13 years of the conservatives, people start to think maybe a change. I don't know.

Donald Trump: No reason to think that. I mean, if you stayed conservative. But they really weren't staying conservative. They were going -- I mean, they were literally going far left. It never made sense. Now, I'm saying this as an outsider, but an outsider looking in, they were going far left. What were they doing? And now, maybe Labour is in the lead, maybe they're not.

Donald Trump: I don't know who's in the lead. But I can tell you, they were not conservative policies toward the end.

Nigel Farage: Well, they look very similar in many ways, but Sir Keir Starmer is getting hung up on this question of what is a woman. You know, when he's asked this question in interviews, he mumbles and stumbles and struggles to give an answer. So, the question he struggles with and everyone in the Western world seems to struggle with now.

Nigel Farage: And we've got, you know, again, another transgender athlete, this time a cyclist, winning a big event in Mexico over the weekend. You know, the question Starmer doesn't want to ask and sort of answer in any way at all is, is a transwoman a woman?

Donald Trump: So, look, when I see men participating in women's sports, when I see records being broken like you say the big event with the cyclists --

Nigel Farage: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And pretty easily, pretty easy victory, from what I understand, I think it's very unfair. I think it's very disrespectful, actually, to women. I talk about it all the time. I don't do it for applause, but I will say, one of the biggest hands I get is when I say, "We will not allow men to compete in women's sports: weightlifting, swimming, running."

Donald Trump: It's so unfair. I think it's totally disrespectful. And the records are being broken, like, sometimes by a lot, and I think it's a very bad thing.

Nigel Farage: Yeah. I mean, this -- this actually appears to be, at the moment, maybe -- maybe Starmer's Achilles heel because we've seen with Sturgeon how public opinion changed --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Nigel Farage: On gender recognition. But, you know, I look at your life. You've got the best portfolio of golf courses anyone's ever had.

Donald Trump: And -- and other things. You're right.

Nigel Farage: And you've got a lovely wife, great kids, great relationship, wonderful life. You've been successful. You've got enough money to enjoy yourself and do what you want. And you're going to give it all up again to run for president.

Donald Trump: Well, we have an interesting situation. Our country was doing fantastically well, and we got hit with the gift from China, the China virus or COVID, whatever you want to call it. We rebuilt it back again. Our stock market was actually higher when I left than it was just pre-COVID coming in, which is incredible.

Donald Trump: We did a great job. We had the greatest economy in the history of our country and probably in the history of the world. We probably had the greatest for that period of -- long period of time just before COVID came in and then got it back again. And now, it's really going bad. Our country is really in trouble.

Donald Trump: And I can turn it around very quickly. I have a phrase, make America great again. And I got hit with that a lot of times during the course here. They were saying, you know --

Nigel Farage: Yup.

Donald Trump: Make UK great again. So, I don't know what's going on over here, but there's some people feeling --

Nigel Farage: Well, I think we're copying a lot of the bad leads we get from America --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Nigel Farage: And America is the leader of the free world. Whether people like that or not, it's actually true --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Nigel Farage: In every way. But, you know --

Donald Trump: So, you are copying that. And when you talk about the transgender, when you talk about different things --

Nigel Farage: Yeah.

Donald Trump: You seem to be right behind us.

Nigel Farage: The commonalities are remarkable. And I think, culturally, I think the countries are closer together now than they've probably ever been.

Donald Trump: Right now, they're destroying our country. Our country is being destroyed very much like, I think to a much lesser extent, your country is being hurt very badly, but our country is being destroyed.

Nigel Farage: But I think -- but they're trying to destroy you, aren't they? I mean, I saw that photograph of you, and I've -- you know, I've met you before when you were going through tough times as president when they just kept on you. And frankly, I don't know anybody that could have withstood it. But you did.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Nigel Farage: You kept going right through.

Donald Trump: And we had a great presidency. Look, I got the biggest tax -- tax credits. Take a look at what we did in terms of tax cuts. We got the biggest tax cuts in history, biggest regulation cuts in history, rebuilt the military, created Space Force. We did things that nobody thought were possible to do. Had the strongest border we've ever had.

Donald Trump: Now, we have the worst border probably in the history of the world. There's no country in the world that has a border like we have.

Nigel Farage: You had 6 million --

Donald Trump: Drugs were way down. People coming in illegally were at the lowest point we've ever had. We did a great job as president, and people want that back. Now, you would say, why would you do this?

Nigel Farage: Yeah.

Donald Trump: You won't be able to be back here for a long period of time.

Nigel Farage: Yeah. Yeah.

Donald Trump: And it was really -- being at Turnberry was such a great -- a great thing -- thrill to see how beautiful and how magnificent it is. And, you know, our hand has been just -- more than just touching it. We did a real job here. And it is hard, too, because, you know, you're running and you're -- you're competing against China.

Donald Trump: You're competing against everybody. We have a lot of danger out there. We have -- I believe this. Right now, the world is in the most dangerous place it's ever been in because of the power of weapons, and that includes nuclear, obviously. And we have a person in the United States that doesn't have a clue.

Donald Trump: And people say, "Why do you want to do it again?" And I'm leading in the polls, as you know, by a lot because people want that. They want back what we had. They want stability. They want the economy. They want jobs. They want -- we had the greatest number of jobs in the history of our country. We had -- everything was top, whether you had a diploma or you didn't have a diploma, whether you were a PhD from Harvard, MIT, the Wharton School of Finance, or you didn't have a high school diploma.

Donald Trump: Everybody was working, African American, Asian American, Hispanic American. We had the greatest -- it was the greatest period of time, that period of time just prior to COVID. Until COVID came in, I got along great with --

Nigel Farage: Yeah.

Donald Trump: President Xi. I got along great with President Putin. Putin never would have gone into Ukraine if -- if it weren't for the incompetence of this administration, this current administration. Putin was not going in. It was never mentioned. He -- and I knew him very well. I got along with him well and Xi well.

Donald Trump: And Kim Jong Un, I got along with him well. If Obama were president for a little bit longer, you would have had a nuclear war with North Korea, in my opinion, OK? I think in his opinion, too. He thought it was the most dangerous thing. I got along great with Kim Jong Un.

Nigel Farage: Now, Putin -- I mean, Putin, today, they're saying there's been an attempted drone strike by the Ukrainians on the Kremlin. We don't yet know the full truth. Have you seen that story?

Donald Trump: I have not seen it yet.

Nigel Farage: OK. Right. Well, we know, that -- that's --

Donald Trump: That's a big story.

Nigel Farage: That's the -- yeah. I mean, they're quite small drones, but let's see what --

Donald Trump: That a big story.

Nigel Farage: The truth of it is.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Nigel Farage: There's a growing, I sense, in America, unhappiness about the money that's been given to Ukraine.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Nigel Farage: Why does nobody talk about peace and peace negotiations?

Donald Trump: So, if I were president, and I say this, I will end that war in one day. It'll take 24 hours. I know Zelenskyy well. I know Putin well. I would get that ended in a period of 24 --

Nigel Farage: You -- you can break that deal?

Donald Trump: Hundred percent. It would be easy. That deal would be easy. A lot of it has to do with the money. A lot of it has to do with the military, you know, that we're giving.

Nigel Farage: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But I would get that deal done within 24 hours. That war has to be stopped. That war is a disaster. And I'm -- I'm talking more than money. I'm talking about the human life. It's far greater than anyone thinks.

Nigel Farage: A lot of people are being killed.

Donald Trump: OK. You don't knock down a whole city and say two people got hurt, OK? Thousands of people are being killed in these cities that are being knocked down.

Nigel Farage: Yeah.

Donald Trump: They're in those big apartment houses, and they are big buildings. I'm a very good real estate guy. I know what a big -- these are massive buildings. I'm actually surprised to see. And when you see those buildings just collapsing, thousands of people are being killed that --

Nigel Farage: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Nobody's talking about it. That war has to stop.

Nigel Farage: Well, I -- I think we'd all love to see that war stop and the threats and --

Donald Trump: Look, we're going to get energy prices down. We're going to get taxes down. We're going to get interest rates down. Our country has gone crazy. Interest rates are through the roof. Taxes are through the roof. They want to quadruple taxes in the United States. Now, historically, that's been a very bad thing if you're a politician.

Donald Trump: We're going to raise your taxes. Think of it. We're going to raise your taxes, and they're supposed to win. The way they win is by cheating. And you have to learn by history. You can't just say, "Well, we're not going to talk about something anymore." I talk about positive. Energy is coming down. Interest rates are coming down.

Donald Trump: You're going to be able to get your homes again. Right now, people can't buy a home.

Nigel Farage: So, this is -- this is the pitch. This is the pitch to America.

Donald Trump: Well, that's -- that's part of it. The economy was great. And we're going to have a strong border. Our border is pathetic. We will have at the end of this year 15 million people, in my opinion, come into the country, 15 million. That's bigger than New York State. They come from mental institutions. They come from prisons and jails. They come from everywhere. We have no idea.

Nigel Farage: And some are seeking a better life.

Donald Trump: Sure. Some are seeking a better life. But how many -- look, if you look at the prisons, if you look at mental institutions all over the world, they're being emptied out into our country because we have an incompetent president. That man is incompetent. And it's a shame. And he's not running it anyway.

Donald Trump: People around him, a very smart group of Marxists or communists or whatever you want to call them around them, that's who's running our country. He's not running the country. He's now in Delaware sleeping.

Nigel Farage: Final --

Donald Trump: He can't even come to your coronation as a country. Your coronation is a big event. Hopefully, that won't take place for another long time. He'll live a good life and she'll live a good life, and it'll be a long time. But that's a big event. That's a big event. And when you have somebody that's going to be sleeping instead of coming to the coronation as president of the United States, I think that's -- I think that's a bad thing.

Donald Trump: And one of the reasons other countries seem to be going now with China. It's crazy to think of it. You'll probably be next. When the president doesn't come to a coronation of the new king and queen of your country, how -- how is that possible? The reason is he's sleeping. It shouldn't happen.

Nigel Farage: Final thought, are you going to win next year?

Donald Trump: I think we have a very good chance. The economy is not good. I'll make it good. Everyone knows -- you know, everyone knows, even Democrats, they say, "Well, we agree that Putin would have never gone in." He would have -- I told him, "You're not going in." Putin would have never gone into Ukraine. President Xi of China would never even be talking about Taiwan.

Donald Trump: We had that conversation strongly. I stopped North Korea from doing some really bad things, and my relationship with Kim Jong Un is very good. Who knows what's going to happen there? Iran was going to make a great deal. They were going to be happy. I was going to be happy. We're going to have a great relationship.

Donald Trump: Now, they're out of control. They're totally out of control. This world is blowing up around us. It's blowing up around us. You may even lose the dollar as the standard throughout the world. And if you lose the dollar standard, that's like losing a war. In many ways, it's worse than losing a war. Yeah, I think we have a very good chance.

Donald Trump: I think when people -- and people feel it in their pocketbooks. Everyone is saying, you know, Trump's going to turn the economy around. I did it -- actually, I did it twice if you think about it because I did it after COVID. But we had the greatest economy in the history of the world, and I'll be able to do that again quickly and easily.

Donald Trump: Energy is going to come down. Interest rates are coming down. And you know what else? We're going to have -- we're going to get rid of crime because our cities, Democrat-run, are crime-infested rat holes.

Nigel Farage: Donald Trump, thank you for joining me.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.