Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-jenna-ellis-podcast-february-14-2023

Jenna Ellis: I'd like to now welcome to American Family Radio, the 45th President of the United States Donald J. Trump and Mr. President, on behalf of our listeners, which represent millions of families and evangelical Christians across the nation that are very grateful to you for your stand on religious freedom, pro-life, liberty, securing our borders, our Constitution.

Jenna Ellis: Thank you, sir, for fighting for America and for our values.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you, Jenna and for all the work you've done. Right from the beginning, I knew you and you were up front and you got it right. And so, it's an honor to be with you, and good luck with all of this. You're doing really well, proud of you.

Jenna Ellis: Thank you so much, sir. And we just -- we love you and I want to focus on this interview for your campaign for 2024 and some of the policy initiatives that you're promising us because you have always made promises and you've kept your promises. And so, in terms of the digital Bill of Rights, you foresaw how Big Tech was colluding with the deep state to censor the American people.

Jenna Ellis: And one of your best policy initiatives so far that I'm excited about is the digital Bill of Rights. So, what are your thoughts on the Twitter files and protecting our right to speak freely in the digital public square?

Donald Trump: Well, when you see what happened with, uh, and you and you can take a look at it in any way, and it's only the ones that that have come out. But when you look at the collusion and what took place with the FBI and Twitter, Twitter files, but this is just a small part of Twitter files, but a very important part, and how they were silenced essentially -- and maybe they were doing the silencing, I don't know, but it's the same result, how they were silenced having to do with all of the corruption that was done by Democrats on many fronts.

Donald Trump: But also the whole Hunter Biden laptop from hell, when you see that and when you saw what happened, people were shocked by it, that basically government was controlling free speech and they were controlling it strongly. And saying what you can talk about what you can't, and they're trying to do it in a -- in a polite way.

Donald Trump: But I guarantee at the time it was done, it wasn't very polite. So, when you see that happening, uh, it had a tremendous impact on the election. Uh, as you know, John McLaughlin and others, a lot of the great pollsters said 17 points, 17 percent, which is a -- which is millions and millions of votes. Now, there were many other ways they cheated also.

Donald Trump: This is one way. But this was a terrible -- and this was a shocking event to see and we're going to make sure that doesn't happen again.

Jenna Ellis: And Mr. President, you also recently said that the woke agenda resembles a new established religion, which violates the Establishment Clause and Free Exercise Clause of the Constitution. And you said we can't have that. I think you're absolutely right, that the progressive left's view really is a new religion they're trying to impose on everyday Americans.

Jenna Ellis: Can you elaborate how you're going to fight this battle?

Donald Trump: Well, this is a religion and we can't allow this to happen. This is not, uh -- well, I think when you're saying religion, you're talking about the fervor. And I can add another thing to it, the environment. You have people that don't know a thing about the environment and that's become a religion also and it's a religion that's going to destroy our country with the windmills and all of the things that don't work and don't work well, or they work but you have to pay five times more for your -- on your electric bill every month or you can't get fuel for your car unless you're paying $5, $6, $7 a gallon, and they want to take your gasoline cars away, they want to take your -- your -- the mode of transportation.

Donald Trump: They want to give you all electric so that you have the privilege of driving an hour and a half before you have to load up again. It's crazy what's going on. No, we can't allow it. Woke -- the word woke is a very -- a very, uh, big word because it means a lot of things to a lot of people, but it also means a lack of freedom of speech because they want you to stop -- You know, I said in a speech the other day, the first time I used it, it's like April Fool's Day every day during the Biden Administration.

Donald Trump: Uh, they want open borders. They should be closed, April Fool's Day. They don't want voter ID, you should have voter ID. It's April Fool's Day. Everything's like the opposite. Uh, they want you to have all electric cars. They don't want you to have gas stoves they want -- It's -- it's crazy what they're doing and they're destroying this country.

Donald Trump: They're destroying it. When they allow people to come in by the millions and millions where prisons are being emptied from other countries -- by the way, very smart of them to do that, and being sent into the United States when the mental institutions of other countries are being emptied, totally emptied, and sent into the United States.

Donald Trump: The people that were there are being sent into the United States. That's April Fool's Day, because who would ever think that this is possible? They actually do the opposite. I believe you're going to have 15 million people in this country within a very short period of time, not three million like they talk about.

Donald Trump: Those people rushing the borders and invading the country, I believe it's 15 million people. That's bigger than New York state. And I think that if somebody doesn't get out and talk about it and do something about it -- we had the safest border in the history of our country and that included drugs. Drugs were down by massive numbers.

Donald Trump: Now the drugs are 9 or 10 times higher than they were just two years ago, pouring in and killing our -- our children and our families and destroying the lifeblood of our country. And you have to talk about it and you have to talk -- and then you have to get somebody in office like me that's going to do something about it because I did something.

Donald Trump: A lot of people say, oh, we'd love to have the Trump policy, maybe, but with somebody nicer. I'm actually very nice, but you can't be too nice when you're trying to stop people from invading your country and destroying your country. So, you have to get somebody in there that's going to do something about it. We had the safest border.

Donald Trump: We had the best numbers on drugs, I believe in 30 years, 32 years. We have, uh, now many, many times the amount of drugs pouring into our country that we had just two years ago. So, we have an election coming up and it's going to truly be one of the most important elections. I think it's going to be a life or death election.

Donald Trump: I think it's going to either save our country or our country is going to go into an abyss like -- like nobody has ever seen. And once that happens, it will never be saved.

Jenna Ellis: I think you're absolutely right, Mr. President, and you know you and I have spoken at length about how even just in the last two years, Joe Biden has completely transformed America into an unrecognizable country. And I think any rational person who says, were you better off under Donald Trump than you are under Joe Biden?

Jenna Ellis: No rational person, I don't care what party, can say that they are better off now. And he is poised to announce a reelection campaign. Can the country even survive the next two years until 2024 or potentially another six years under these radical Democrat policies?

Donald Trump: Well, two years is not going to be easy, six years you don't even want to discuss because there's zero chance, but two years is not going to be easy. You know, I passed the largest tax cuts in history. They want to quadruple your taxes. They're going to quadruple your taxes and take away things that, uh -- which is the same thing when they take away your cars, when they take away your -- your stoves, when they take away all of the different things.

Donald Trump: Your washing machines, let's have washing machines with no water. We don't want to give you water even though we have plenty of water in large sections of this country. There's no reason for this. They put restrictors on. So, they essentially don't work. You know what people do? They run the washing machines nine times instead of once and they end up using more water.

Donald Trump: No, I mean these policies are policies of no common sense, but the big thing is what's happening with the military. You mentioned the word woke, they want a woke military instead of a great military, everything is changing so drastically. Now six years will -- will be the end of the country, two years is not going to be easy.

Donald Trump: It's two years. Think about the taxes. So, I gave you the biggest tax cuts in history, the biggest regulation cuts in history. They want to put back all the regulations which will destroy a lot of the companies that were able to thrive and hire people, and they want to increase your taxes by many times. How is this good?

Jenna Ellis: It's not, and I think any rational person would agree with you and I agree with you that there is no way that anyone should be voting for Democrats to be in charge for another six years. I mean, and you were right that the 2024 election is going to be life or death for America. And so for the Republican side, of course you are the undisputed head of the Republican Party.

Jenna Ellis: Yet there are other candidates that are coming for the party's nomination. And sir, you've welcomed challengers like Nikki Haley, but you've also told other potential challengers like Governor Ron DeSantis to stay out. So, what is your thought and your metric on how you are still going to be the undisputed head and why all of the Republicans should rally around and support you for the nomination?

Donald Trump: Yeah, well, I never told DeSantis to stay out. He's got to do what he's got to do. I just, uh, let people know because I believe in loyalty that he was at like three percent. He was dead in politics. He was never going to be in office. He was getting ready to leave the race and he came over and asked whether or not it would be possible for me to endorse him.

Donald Trump: And, uh, for whatever reason, I did endorse him and he ended up going up like a rocket ship and he won that election, then I got him through. Their -- their big star was going to be the gentleman that he beat, as you know, in the -- in the, uh, regular, in the general election, so he won the primary. He was way behind Adam Putnam, who was the head of agriculture in the state of Florida.

Donald Trump: Very good guy. But I didn't know him so, I had no real compunction. I knew Ron a little bit, not that much, but he was one of many, many people that fought for me on impeachment hoax, number one. And the Mueller hoax, which was another hoax. There were a lot of hoaxes, and that's what they try --

Jenna Ellis: Yes, there were.

Donald Trump: -- and do. They try and close up the people that are doing the right thing for the country because I believe they actually hate the country. So, when I endorsed him, he was like a rocket ship. He ended up getting the -- I mean coming back from like 30 or 40 point deficit. And in a short period of time he ends up getting the nomination which he never would have gotten.

Donald Trump: He would have dropped out, he was getting ready to -- he would have dropped out very quickly. And that was number one. And then I got him through held rallies and we had tremendous crowds at the rallies and he ended up beating a guy that he wasn't supposed to beat because of me. And then he runs. So, you know, I call that disloyalty, but I -- you know, I have no problem.

Donald Trump: He's going to have to do what he has to do. But I think, you know, I'm a very big believer in loyalty. Somebody gets you in, you sort of be loyal to that person, especially when that person was -- it was just reported today somewhere that one of the most -- one of the most important presidents ever on the things we did with the tax cuts, with rebuilding the -- the military, we built the United States military.

Donald Trump: We were flying around on 48 year old jet fighters and we had a military that was collapsing. And I rebuilt the entire United States military, uh, right to try, if you look at that. Regulations, taking all the regulations that were such a waste, we've got a massive number. That's why the economy was just absolutely booming.

Donald Trump: The new group wants to put them back. But all of the different things that we've done, and you know, I think to me loyalty is a very important word. But you could look at Nikki Haley also, look, she said I would never run against our president and I guess she's going to announce this week or next week. And they have to do what they have to do. It's OK. I think when people look at the record I had, we had the greatest economy in history, our military was strong, we were respected all over the world.

Donald Trump: Ukraine would have never been invaded by Russia. Taiwan would never be invaded by China. If that happens, which it might. All of these things are things are -- Kim Jong Un, North Korea, that was going to be a war and I ended up doing a great job with that one too. And, uh, we had a -- an understanding he and I and it saved a lot of lives because you're talking about big stuff with nuclear.

Donald Trump: So, you know, all of the things that I did, and far too many to discuss on your -- on your short call, but all of the things that we've done, you know, we're getting -- we're getting a lot of great praise. And you take a look at the right to life issue, so there was -- I put on three Supreme Court judges.

Donald Trump: Over 300 judges, our whole court system is different than it was. Look at the Ninth Circuit. But just so different than what it was. It's three great Supreme Court judges and because justices -- and because of the fact that I did that, you have a whole new world out there and, you know, very few people have done what I've done and very few people, very few administrations, have made the impact that The Trump Administration made.

Donald Trump: And then we had an election, which, as you know, was rigged. It was a rigged election and it was -- it's a disgrace that it can happen and we're like a third-world country. And right now, we're leading in all the polls. We're leading very, very big in the Republican Party and we're beating Biden very easily.

Jenna Ellis: Yes, indeed, sir. And I think a lot of people forget how close we came to losing the free state of Florida -- and how close we came to losing the free state of Florida and without your endorsement than it is likely that Ron DeSantis would have never come into Florida and without the Supreme Court justices, we would have never gotten to the overturning of Roe versus Wade.

Jenna Ellis: I mean, all of these things are because of you and because you stood strongly and you stood firmly. And I think the American people really do know that. And looking ahead to 2024, you have so many great accomplishments from your first term. And I do believe that the judicial branch transformation back to conservative justices is -- will be the greatest impact of your legacy of your first term.

Jenna Ellis: What do you want to be the greatest legacy of your second term?

Donald Trump: Well, we built the strongest border, we got the strongest border and I worked with Mexico and we had stay in Mexico. Can you imagine Mexico even approving that? But they really had to. And I had to stay in Mexico policy where criminals aren't allowed into our country. And where a lot of bad people are not allowed into our country.

Donald Trump: And nobody was allowed until they got checked out and nobody thought that was possible. I was able to get that done very strongly and these people want to give it up, which is why -- There can only be two reasons. They're stupid, or they hate our country. Can only be -- and I don't think they're stupid because you can't be stupid and cheat in elections as well as they do, OK? So, it must be that they hate our country.

Donald Trump: But you look at all of the things that we've done for the border, we're going to have to straighten that situation out. That would be one of the very early things. We have to bring back the economy. We have to go back to getting, to becoming, energy independent, which we no longer are. I filled up the strategic reserves and he lowered the strategic reserves to a level that hasn't been for 50 years in order to try and win an election because they had the election coming up and gas prices were through the roof.

Donald Trump: So, it's very artificial. But right now it's hitting new lows in terms of what -- I got it filled up. I made phenomenal deals on oil at the lowest point and we filled it up, something hadn't been done for 54 years. And all of the things that we've done, we're going to have to redo some of them. Some of them have been able to stay.

Donald Trump: You know, it's very hard for them to break our tax. We got the low taxes. Very hard for them to be able to make that that situation take hold. They'd like to increase it by four or five times if you can believe that. But the economy, if that happened, will crash like nobody's ever seen and it's already crashed.

Donald Trump: Last year, they had one of the worst years in the history of the stock markets in terms -- because the economic recovery is terrible. Unemployment numbers are actually terrible. People aren't looking for jobs, so they don't count them in the numbers. So, then you see 3.5 percent. But they don't count people that are no longer in the job market because they're not looking for jobs for all the wrong reasons.

Donald Trump: So, we want to get the economy strong. We have the strongest economy in history and I actually did it twice. I did it pre-COVID and then I did it again after COVID and we did a phenomenal job on COVID and the job we did, people are just starting to see what a great job we did. And therapeutically with therapeutics, we did a fantastic thing with Regeneron and so many others.

Donald Trump: So, we're going to have to get it back. We're going to have to make our borders strong again. We're going to have to take criminals out of our country because we have -- we have hundreds of thousands of criminals roaming through our country right now. Mental patients, criminals, uh, it's -- it's not -- murderers, rapists, they're roaming through our country right now, free at will.

Donald Trump: You know, if you want to become a citizen of the United States, it's very hard. You have to go through. You have to take tests and people are calling me all the time. How do you do the process? And frankly, I don't say this, but a lot of people do, go to the southern border and just walk into the country, it's ridiculous.

Jenna Ellis: It is, yes, sir. Well, I so appreciate, Mr. President, uh, the time and opportunity you took for, uh, for this interview and this call. And just the very last question I have for you, uh, we have to address election integrity. And that is the number one question that I still get from very concerned citizens out there saying we want Donald Trump back in office.

Jenna Ellis: We want all of this, but how are we going to get there with such a corrupted system? So, what is the plan that you want for the states and how can the millions of American families that are listening into this, that care about that, what would you tell them to do as an action item that they can help affect change and protect our elections?

Donald Trump: So, it's a great question because as you know, they try and fake you into not discussing it. Oh, people don't want to hear about that. It's the number one question. And frankly, it's in a way the most important question, because if you have rigged elections like we had, they used COVID in order to cheat and they had fake ballots in many other ways.

Donald Trump: Even the FBI colluding with -- with Twitter and with Facebook and everything else, you look at all the ways they cheated and it didn't take many, frankly. There were many different ways that they cheated, all of which would have amounted to a very easy victory because we did phenomenally, got more votes than anybody, any sitting president in history, many more than we got the first time.

Donald Trump: I mean, we ran better than we did the first time, but it was a horrible rigged system and it can't be allowed to happen. The Republicans are getting much stronger on it. They see the problem. And once you see the problem, you can do things about it. They didn't see the problem, we got them by surprise in 2016 and then they worked on a system of cheating the likes of which nobody -- like a third-world country, but the Republicans see the problem and that problem is being rectified.

Jenna Ellis: Yes, sir. We'll continue to talk about it. It is the number one question that I still get and I thank you sir for your championing of America and for fighting for families, for fighting against the crazy woke agenda. Keep up the good work and thank you so much, it was an honor and privilege to serve on your campaign and to support you.

Jenna Ellis: And so, thank you for taking the time for this interview today and hopefully you'll be back on soon.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much, Jenna. Great honor for me and keep up the good work.

Jenna Ellis: Thank you, sir.