Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-howie-carr-podcast-june-12-2023

Howie Carr: We're now joined by President Donald J. Trump. Mr. President, thanks so much for being with us and you're on the eve of a very big day. What's your mood?

Donald Trump: Well, it's fine. It's -- these people are horrible, they're fascists, they're Marxists, they're communists or whatever. I've been saying it for a long time. They're evil people, they're destroying our country. They're literally at the borders with taxes, with everything they're doing is no good. Even China now is open for business in Cuba.

Donald Trump: So, that means they've sort of taken over Cuba of all places. And it's a very, very terrible thing that's going on. But it's fine. I mean, it's a fight. I've been doing this now for -- from the day I came down years ago, the day I came down the escalator, I've been fighting these guys off. They're bad people and I really believe they hate our country.

Donald Trump: There could be no other reason. And when you look at the dishonesty of Biden, and you look at with Hunter and him and all of the things, and what Hillary Clinton did with, as an example, deleting 33,000 emails and acid washing it and then knocking the hell out of the phones with hammers that they found after getting subpoenaed, and then you go through this, it's just incredible.

Donald Trump: No, fine. They -- they have no case whatsoever. Presidential Records Act and the socks case, that's the Clinton case that Clinton won where Bill Clinton, where he was allowed to have the records allowed to keep everything. We -- we did nothing wrong. They don't even mention that in this fake indictment, Howie.

Donald Trump: They don't even -- they don't even talk about it. But we have the Presidential Records Act. They don't even say that -- they -- they make up all sorts of stuff. It's honestly -- it's a disgrace to our country. The whole world is laughing at these things.

Howie Carr: You know the judge is going to ask you tomorrow, how do you plead? Are you going to say anything beyond not guilty? Are you going to make a make a statement in court tomorrow?

Donald Trump: No, I doubt it. I'll just say not guilty. I didn't do anything wrong. Did nothing wrong. Presidential Records Act. It's not even a criminal event. There is no criminality here. It's ridiculous. And these people -- look, they're using it as election interference, they're using it to get elected. They think that if they can damage somebody's reputation, they can do it. This is like Stalinist, whatever.

Donald Trump: This is the worst -- nobody ever thought this could happen in our country. And don't forget I got more votes than any sitting president in history, by a lot, I mean, we got 10 million more votes than Obama. We got more votes than any sitting president in history. We're popular, we had a great economy. We did a great job on every front, including the biggest tax cuts and regulation cuts in history, everything.

Donald Trump: And then we come out and we have to go through this instead of a normal like process. And as you know, because you've seen the polls, we're leading Desanctimonious by a lot and we're leading Biden by a lot. We're leading Biden by 10, and 11 points. And you know, frankly it's shocking, you think you'd lead him by 100 points, not by ten points.

Howie Carr: I'm going to -- I'm going to.

Donald Trump: Ten points is actually considered to be a lot.

Howie Carr: I want to read you something you wrote today on Truth Social, I will appoint a special prosecutor to go after the most corrupt president in the history of the USA, Joe Biden and the entire Biden crime family and then on from there. But I mean, would you really appoint someone or I mean, where does this -- where does this all end?

Donald Trump: Well, they've opened up the box. Look, Bill Barr is a weak coward and he didn't want to do anything on this. And yet in many ways a lot of people sort of including me, I said, you know, I get it because you don't want to go after, uh, sitting presidents and vice presidents and all of the things. So, I sort of got it, not necessarily a believer, but now they've opened up the Pandora's box.

Donald Trump: And now we're in a position where we can say -- and look at the corruption in the Biden family, the millions and millions of dollars pouring in from China and other places. It's a disgrace. From Burisma. You take a look at the money coming in from Ukraine, So much money and nobody does anything about that.

Donald Trump: Well, we're going to -- we're going to get to it. And now we can do it now because now the box has been opened. It's the Pandora's box that's been opened and it's been wide open. So, I'm allowed to do that. People will say now we get it.

Howie Carr: Did you see what Senator Chuck Grassley said on the floor of the Senate today? He was talking about the -- the FD-1023. He said that, uh, supposedly the FBI has information that the Burisma executive who bribed Joe Biden, $5 million -- Hunter Biden, $5 million, has two recordings of with Joe Biden. Do you -- do you believe that?

Howie Carr: Do you believe that?

Donald Trump: I do believe it, yeah. I think they're crooked people. I think Joe Biden is a dishonest person. I think he's the most corrupt president in history. And, you know, he uses, uh, the Justice Department, it's sad. But they use the FBI and the Justice Department, which were inclined toward this kind of thing anyway, but uses them to try and win elections.

Donald Trump: It's terrible. We're like a third-world country. You know, you can't say anything else. There's never been a period like this and nobody's ever done a thing like this before. I'm in Miami for a reason. And even the people, I see the people, the love and the affection that the crowds with the signs we love you, we love you, because they know what's happening there.

Donald Trump: Their country is going bad on them. Their country, this country, is failing. You know where -- I say in rallies we're a nation in decline and we are truly except it's serious decline, not just decline and it's going fast.

Howie Carr: Do you think we'll ever hear those two audiotapes if they -- if they really exist of Joe Biden talking to the guy who allegedly paid him the $5 million bucks?

Donald Trump: Well, the FBI never wants to give this stuff and the Justice Department never wants to give it. They fight them all the time. Jamie Comer and Jim Jordan have done an incredible job, but they're always -- it's like pulling teeth, trying to get people to show. I mean, they know how bad the -- the evidence is, but the FBI doesn't want to give it. If that were a Republican, if that were you, they'd have it in about two minutes.

Donald Trump: But if that were a Republican, it would be out there, uh, years ago. But you know, you just take a look, it's so sad. But if they have two conversations with Biden, uh, that could be the end. You know, look, it's not even what they -- what they say it's what the media doesn't say. It's what's being uncovered by Republicans in Congress is incredible.

Donald Trump: And the media doesn't want to report it, they don't want to even write on it. You know it's -- it's bigger than what they say, believe me. What they don't say is bigger. They don't want to talk about things and they have them, they have them cold, but they don't want to report it. They used to get Pulitzer Prizes.

Donald Trump: Now Pulitzer is totally discredited because they were -- they gave the Pulitzer Prize for Russia, Russia, Russia and it turned out to be a fake deal. It was all set up by the Democrats and they should take them away and they maybe will. We have a lawsuit with them and I think they're going to end up taking them away.

Donald Trump: You've got to take them away. You know, they gave Pulitzer Prizes for their wonderful inaccurate reporting on the Russia, Russia, Russia hoax.

Howie Carr: Deeply reported. That's what it said, deeply reported. Didn't happen, but it was deeply reported. What about what about Bill Barr? He's -- I mean Bill Barr is the guy who was going after you big time yesterday. I mean why did -- why did this guy -- you appointed him attorney general.

Donald Trump: I did.

Howie Carr: Why didn't he say anything when the 51 so-called intelligence officials were lying about the Hunter Biden laptop? He had had -- he had had through the FBI, that laptop for ten months. He knew, as did Christopher Wray that the laptop was real. Why did these guys not say anything when they could have -- they could have, uh, exposed -- uh, exposed the lie for what it was?

Donald Trump: Because Bill Barr was afraid. He was a coward. I fired him and you know I fired him, I said give me a letter. I'm not going to do that anymore. When you fire somebody, you fire them. But I fired Bill Barr because he was so deathly afraid of being impeached, when they -- remember when the Democrats were saying we're going to impeach Bill Barr, even though they had nothing to impeach him on, he became a total coward.

Donald Trump: And he doesn't like me because of the fact that I did what I should do, got rid of him, and I'm not a fan of Bill Barr. He was weak and ineffective and he had the laptop and he could have saved a lot of time with the laptop and he didn't do it. And that mistake won't be made again. And we'll be appointing a special prosecutor to go into all of it, because, you know, that whole -- that whole thing is now open with doing this because of what they did.

Donald Trump: Nobody ever thought a thing like this was possible, but it's now open. And you will see what happens. And you see the poll numbers, Howie, we're -- we're beating them by a lot. They're trying to do this to influence the election. They're trying to turn around the election, trying to turn around their poll numbers.

Donald Trump: And I think they've overplayed their hand because it's working just the opposite. Even Barney Frank, of all people, I thought Barney Frank came out and said you just handed the election to Trump. So, I don't know if that's true or not. You know, we'll have to do a lot of work, but Barney Frank, I said, wow, that's a big one.

Howie Carr: What would what --

Donald Trump: They've overplayed their hand.

Howie Carr: What would you tell, you know, the people that have been calling and you know listening and watching all afternoon, they've -- they're upset about what's happening to you and they understand that what you say is true, that once -- you're between the deep state and them. What would you -- what do you -- what do you tell your 75 million voters tonight on the eve of this arraignment?

Donald Trump: Just stay strong, stay very, very strong and we're going to bring it back and we're going to win in a landslide. I believe it'll be one of the greatest wins ever, much bigger than the other way because they've done so poorly. You know, they've done so poorly in these four years that will be four years, uh people pouring in from prisons, from mental institutions, insane asylums, pouring into our country by the millions.

Donald Trump: We're going to have 15 million in my opinion, the real number is 15 million by the end of this year. Fifteen million people will have come into our country and we don't even know who they are, but many are from prisons and mental institutions. I say to everybody just stay strong because we're going to win it and we're going to make America great.

Donald Trump: We're going to make America greater than ever before because these guys have shot they're wad. They're shown how bad they are. So, this is much bigger than if it was traditional. You know how well we did. We did -- I did much better in the second election than the first election by millions and millions of votes.

Donald Trump: Much better, but you know, bad things happened, OK. Bad things happened, and it was a disgrace. That election was a disgrace, everyone knows it.

Howie Carr: Well, last --

Donald Trump: One thing that you can -- one thing you can rely on, they've seen how bad the Democrats have been. It'll be easier to do it than people can even imagine.

Howie Carr: Last question, what would you say if you could speak directly to Joe Biden tonight? What would you say to him, quickly?

Donald Trump: Well, I'd say, Joe, you're a disgrace that you could allow something like this to happen to your country because it's so bad for our country. He's a total disgrace and I tell it to him to his face.

Howie Carr: Mr. President, best of luck and it's I -- it's -- it's unfortunate that we have to speak under these circumstances. But, uh, you -- you sound like you're in great spirits.

Donald Trump: I am. I'm just -- I'm fighting for the country and that's what we're going to do and we're going to win and we're going to make it better than ever before.

Howie Carr: Thank you, Mr. President, we appreciate it.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Howie Carr: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, Howie.