Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-glenn-beck-podcast-february-24-2023

Glenn Beck: Mr. President, how are you, sir?

Donald Trump: Hi, Glenn.

Glenn Beck: It's good to talk to you.

Donald Trump: How are you?

Glenn Beck: I'm very good. Good to talk to you. How you doing? I'm great and I have to -- I have to thank you for bringing so much attention to what's happening in Ohio. And finally, getting Buttigieg to show up, who was there yesterday, and blaming you for the disaster somehow or another. But thank you.

Donald Trump: Oh, did he? I didn't hear that. I can imagine.

Glenn Beck: Oh yeah. They always do this. Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's incredible. That's incredible.

Glenn Beck: What did you learn from -- from the people of East Palestine?

Donald Trump: The unity is incredible. The relationship to each other, the working with each other, the mayor was a great guy. I did ask a question, what is your crime rate? And it's almost zero. So, you know, here we are in New York and different cities where it's, uh -- not only is it not zero, it's numbers that have never been seen before and horrible crime to just be getting whacked from behind your head with a baseball bat and things.

Donald Trump: But I said what's your crime rate? Almost like, uh gee, that's not a very smart question. I mean, we have almost no crime. Think of it. You know, it's a beautiful thing when you look and see and there's just a lot of love there. A lot of spirit. They happen to love me because I mean the relationship -- I got a vast amount of votes there, as you probably know.

Donald Trump: I think it used to be a Democrat area too.

Glenn Beck: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But I got a vast amount of votes and it was a beautiful thing to see how we just all came together. And Buddha -- Buttigieg, you know, was supposed to say boot, edge, edge, he was supposed to be there and he decided not to come. And he came the next day and he played the very small crowds, nobody cared, it was too late.

Donald Trump: I mean he should have been there on Day 1, not weeks after this event happened. It was a very horrific event, actually.

Glenn Beck: Um, horrible event that people can't trust the EPA or they don't trust the EPA, um on, on, uh, the testing of the air, trying to get somebody. We've been trying to hire some people to go do testing there for the people in East Palestine and, uh, a lot of places just won't do it because they don't want to break up their public private partnership with the United States.

Glenn Beck: Who do you trust?

Donald Trump: Oh, wow, that's incredible. Well, that's happening in a lot of ways. I mean, when you look at it, people don't want to get involved because you know the fascists that are running the country, take no umbrage at it. They, uh, they go after them. And that's in many different ways. You see it, you see it even with law firms.

Donald Trump: You see it with so many different things. They don't want to -- they don't want to take on this fascist disgusting system that our country is turning out to be. Uh, we're becoming like a like a Soviet Union, it's disgraceful. And you see that in many ways. So, now you tell me that even engineer types are doing that.

Glenn Beck: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's just absolutely -- it's absolutely horrible what's happening to our country, in so many ways, whether it's the border, the military, what they're doing with the military, so many different things. It's very sad actually, and very dangerous, very bad.

Glenn Beck: This is the one year anniversary of the invasion into Ukraine. And Mr. President, I can't find a good guy here. I don't -- I don't trust Putin. I don't think he's a good guy. But I know because I did a lot of work on, uh, your so-called impeachment and what was going on in Ukraine that's wildly corrupt. And I don't trust our government and I don't want to get into a war.

Glenn Beck: And we are now losing almost -- we're close to losing the proxy part of this war, and it looks like we're headed toward something where we are going head to head. What is your take on this, and how do we stop this?

Donald Trump: So, it's a very interesting question and I have a little more experience because I dealt with Zelenskyy. I made one phone call and then I made a second call. These were two congratulatory calls, once when he won first -- Phase 1 of the election and one when he was, won, Phase 2. They were, as I say, perfect phone calls.

Donald Trump: I got unanimous in the House, acquittal. Unanimous from every single Republican. Now you haven't seen that too often, but every single Republican voted to acquit or to say innocent and that was a nice thing to see. The Republicans came together. But I got to know a lot and learn a lot about the country. Now, you know, the country is considered extremely corrupt.

Glenn Beck: Right.

Donald Trump: In fact, we have a document that says you're supposed to report them, blah, blah, blah. You know everything, but it's a very -- it is a very corrupt country. I happen to like Zelenskyy for one specific reason, when they asked him what I said was it, was he threatened, was he -- he acted as though it was a disgrace that they were doing this.

Glenn Beck: Right.

Donald Trump: He said, what did he do? He didn't do anything wrong. He just like couldn't believe it actually, it was just a con by Nancy Pelosi and the con artists. But Zelenskyy could have said, oh, I felt threatened. I felt this, I felt that. He could have said that and it would have been harder, we would have still won because it's still, you know, fortunately we had this call taped in a way.

Donald Trump: It was taped by the -- by the people in government and in our government and it was very lucky that it was because we had all these people making up different stories saying they were on the call. Probably they weren't even on the call, but they were liars. And when the tape came out, that was -- that was the end of their whole ploy.

Donald Trump: Then they went on to something new. But these are just terrible people. But Zelenskyy, as you remember very well, and it was quite beautiful because I didn't know, you know, I didn't know him.

Glenn Beck: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I congratulated him on a victory, but he came out and he said absolutely he didn't do anything wrong. He didn't even know what they were talking about. And -- and he acted that way. So, I really -- I really respected that because he could have gotten some good political points and I really respected that and, uh, I like him.

Glenn Beck: So, should we -- should we be sending more money, more arms? Now they're talking about planes, should we be doing this?

Donald Trump: Well, we're going to end up in World War III. That's one thing that's going to happen and I've been sort of saying that for a long time now. Are you ready? Just in a very quick nutshell? This is a war that should have never happened. It would have never happened if I were in office, zero chance of it happening.

Donald Trump: I used to speak to Putin about it, got along with Putin very well. Don't forget I was tougher on Russia than anybody else. You're one of the people that faced that. I ended their pipeline. I sanctioned them. I did so many -- and yet, I still got along with Putin. That's sort of a trick. That's a hard trick.

Donald Trump: It's a talented trick, but I got along with him. But I -- nobody, I was the one that sent in the javelins. I sent in massive numbers of javelins and Biden and Obama sent in pillows and they sent in sheets.

Glenn Beck: I know.

Donald Trump: In a very small number, but I gave them the javelins. When they wiped out those tanks, they wiped them out with the stuff I sent. There was nobody was -- was as tough, and the javelins was a big deal. But the biggest deal was I shut down the Nord Stream 2 pipeline that nobody even heard of until I came along.

Donald Trump: People know about it. Nobody heard of it.

Glenn Beck: When you go to the Nord Stream pipeline, which you did shut down, Biden opened up. Now there's some reporting that says we blew it up, Biden did a covert mission and blew it up. Do you believe that?

Donald Trump: Well, it could have been us and it could have been -- it could have been Ukraine and it could have been some third-party country that wants to see -- that wants to see trouble. The one group it wasn't is Russia, you know they blame Russia for doing it. This was a main -- this is a main source of massive income to them.

Donald Trump: They didn't blow it up to make a point. That's the one thing I can tell you for sure. Remember when it first happened? They said Russia did it. You know Russia, Russia, Russia, and I lived for years with that where everything gets blamed on Russia, gets blamed on you. These people are sick, I'm telling you.

Donald Trump: But it could have been -- it could have been working in conjunction with Ukraine because Ukraine has total dominance over the United States, total dominance. I mean, we've given them probably $150 billion and Europe has given them almost nothing. And that bothers me. That really bothers me because I had a -- I had it out with them on NATO.

Donald Trump: You know, we were taking care of NATO. We were taking care of -- I got $450 billion from the European nations from NATO, that's the other thing.

Donald Trump: Nobody was tougher on them, but then they still beat us on trade because I had that just about stopped. You know, Europe is almost as bad as China on dealing on trade. They're very, very restrictive, very, very tough. They don't take our cars, they don't take our farm products, meaning much of -- They don't do -- you know, they treat us with lack of respect.

Donald Trump: Well, they were starting to respect us a lot and big and we were straightening a lot of things out. But the saddest part about the war is that this is a war that should have never happened, OK.

Glenn Beck: Correct.

Donald Trump: So, now it happened. Now you have to get people in a room, you have to knock heads and you have to get it done.

Glenn Beck: So --

Donald Trump: And that would mean -- that would mean saying things to Putin and saying things to Zelenskyy that they're not going to want to hear and getting them into a room and getting it done. People are dying by the thousands. You know, Glenn, when I see the reports that they knocked down a city, you know, these cities are being leveled.

Donald Trump: There's not a building standing in a lot of these cities. I've seen pictures that maybe other people don't get to see, maybe they do, but -- or take a look at the newspaper when they have a topographical picture of a city. There isn't one building standing. It's incredible. And then they say, uh, one person died and three people were injured.

Donald Trump: No, no, many people died.

Glenn Beck: Right.

Donald Trump: Many people were badly injured and we're not getting the true facts about what's happening in this war.

Glenn Beck: So, let me ask you one more question because I know you're on such a tight schedule. So, let me just ask you one more question. China is now offering to negotiate the peace there, but the Chinese just flew a spy balloon, which you know, we didn't shoot down, but today we're finding out that a U-2 spy plane took pictures of it. It had a payload the size of three different busses.

Glenn Beck: It was being navigated solar panels, creating energy for it, and we allowed it to fly over our missile silos and Strategic Air Command. This is dereliction of duty if we're being kind.

Donald Trump: Well, there are those that say, as you know that Biden and the Biden family are truly conflicted and compromised with respect to China. Uh, there's a lot of money going around and it's substantial money and big money and decisions are being made. I mean, when you look at what they're doing to us on trade, they're giving back so much of what I won.

Donald Trump: And it's crazy, it doesn't make sense, it's like the border. It doesn't make sense to allow -- it will be 15 million people pretty soon, 15 million. Well, it's not three. They used to say three, the people are pouring in at will, I'm watching hospitals are being overrun and everything is being overrun by people that are coming out of their prisons, are coming out of their mental institutions.

Donald Trump: They're overrunning our country. Who would say that that's good? I mean what person would say that that's good? But with China, they are perhaps compromised by China because decisions are being made that are very strange. As an example, why wouldn't that have been shot down long before? Because those messages don't sit in that balloon.

Donald Trump: Those -- those messages are -- the messages are immediately transmitted on the second. They're immediately transmitted. So, this thing flew all across our country, did its work. It probably had nothing left to do. It was heading back and then they shot it down. The whole thing is crazy. So, many things are so wrong.

Donald Trump: Why don't we have voter ID? Why are they allowing millions of people, and many of these people are terrorists and people that are going to be causing us problems. We're going to be feeling the border for many years to come. No matter who it is, we're going to feeling it. They are destroying and poisoning our country.

Donald Trump: And you say why are they doing this? Why are they doing it? But this is a family that could very well be compromised because why are they allowing this to happen with respect to China? And at the same time, the ultimate sin is taking place. And I learned this when I was a young student studying history, never let China and Russia unify.

Glenn Beck: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And we have let them unify. We forced them into a unification.

Glenn Beck: We have.

Donald Trump: And that's the most dangerous thing that can happen to our country.

Glenn Beck: Mr. President, your people are giving us the high sign that you have got to go. I hope we have a chance to talk again soon. Uh, it's been a while. It's good to talk to you, sir. Thank you so much.

Donald Trump: Any time, thank you very much. Thanks, Glenn.

Glenn Beck: Good bye, God bless. You bet. Bye, bye.

Donald Trump: See you soon. Bye.