Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-cats-cosby-radio-show-wabc-october-24-2024

Rita Cosby: Mr. President, let's get right to it. Do you think we're going to see a trifecta on election night, a Republican president, a Republican Senate, a Republican House? And how important is early voting? Because people are coming out in record numbers.

Donald Trump: Well, it is important. It's most important to vote, but it is important to have it. And it takes a lot of the risk out of bad weather and other things when you get back to the famous Tuesday, where Republicans like to be. And the Republicans have really stepped up and they are early voting. And I think it's very possible.

Donald Trump: I think we're -- we're doing very well in the Senate. I think the House is going to surprise you. I've helped a lot of the House members with calls and endorsements and things. I think the House is going to surprise you greatly. And you're seeing the numbers for president right now. And the numbers are -- I would say, if you took highest expectation and doubled it, that's where we are.

John Catsimatidis: This morning, Michael Whatley was on Maria Bartiromo, and he was excellent. And he talked about that the Republicans are very well prepared to -- to have people on every polling site to make sure there's no bad voting going on.

Donald Trump: Well, that's true. I mean we've spent a lot -- I took Michael Whatley from North Carolina, which I won twice, and we had no cheating there. And we had a lot of cheating in other places, John, a lot. And I didn't use those people. I took the people that were able to -- we don't need the votes. We need to make sure that the ballots are counted properly and that new ballots aren't added at bad times.

Donald Trump: And I took the man that was best at that. I put him in charge. And he's doing a fantastic job, along with Lara.

John Catsimatidis: The most important things that the American people care about is what's going on in America first. Regardless even if a million people are dying in Africa, they care about America first. And -- and the -- the most important issues, I believe, is the border.

Donald Trump: Right.

John Catsimatidis: If Harris gets elected, people are still going to -- you know, the migrants are still going to be coming through.

Donald Trump: She will open the border. It won't even -- like she's pretending it's, you know, closing now. But she forgot to turn off the airplanes. Four hundred thousand people come in by airplane, can you believe it?

John Catsimatidis: Wow.

Donald Trump: That's when people really begin to say, "Hey, this is really bad." Because, you know, for two years, they didn't know about the airplanes. They only found out the airplanes -- they started looking up, and they said, "How come all those planes are flying over us?" The big planes loaded up with migrants.

Donald Trump: These people are sick. And, you know, I watched last night that CNN town hall, this woman does not have what it takes. It was a disaster, it was a disaster. I mean, to have her lead us for four years, she's just a vessel for the party. Look, the party is a very vicious party, the Democrat party, It doesn't have a president and it didn't have -- with Biden, it calls all the shots.

Donald Trump: They are extraordinarily -- they're very smart, but they are a -- and they're a very corrupt party. And they need people like that. They are perfect people. Those people will do whatever it tells them to do. But their vessels, all they are is vessels. I watched her last night. She could not answer the simplest question. It was amazing actually.

John Catsimatidis: Well, would you hire her to run one of your companies if you were still in -- in the corporate business?

Donald Trump: Well, nobody would. I mean, unless they want to lose it. Nobody would. She can't run a country, she can't run anything. But she'll do what the party tells it. Look, the party is vicious but smart, and they ended up with Biden. They didn't want Biden. They wanted Bernie Sanders, they ended up with Biden.

Donald Trump: And they tell him what to do. Look, they took the -- they took his presidency away. This has never happened before in our country's history. They went into him. They said, "You had a bad debate. Your numbers are down, and we want you out." And he said no for about 24 hours, and then they threatened him with -- with you know what, and he got out.

Donald Trump: And he's -- and he hates her so much because she was, you know, helping because she wanted to be in this position. And then, they went politically correct. So, they took their weakest candidate, which is her. They have, you know, much stronger candidates than her, you know, but they took their weakest candidate, which is her, and they said, "You're going to run."

Donald Trump: They didn't have the guts to put their best candidates in because they didn't -- you know, they wanted to be politically correct with her, she was vice president, even though she got no votes. Think of it. Biden got 14 million votes. She got no votes. She was the first one out. She lost. She -- she quit before Iowa.

Donald Trump: She never made -- most of them made it to Iowa. She never made it. And they picked her. And I always say they're -- I say they're the threat to democracy. You know, they always do this threat to -- they don't believe it. It's just a soundbite with me. They don't believe that, I'm a threat to -- they're the threat.

Donald Trump: They weaponize government. The things they do are horrible. Even the way they took him out of office. They say, "Joe, you're out. We're making a change." He said, "You can't do that." They said, "Yes, we can." And it was Schumer and Pelosi largely in case you have any questions. Crazy Nancy.

John Catsimatidis: Well, it was a coup on the United States of America that nobody's calling it a coup yet.

Donald Trump: Oh, yeah.

John Catsimatidis: You know --

Donald Trump: I don't think you need a coup. They basically stole the elections. You know, it's almost better. Half the people don't know what a coup means. You know, we think they do. They don't. But they basically just said, "You're out." They stole the election from the president, and he's angry about it. And he knows it.

Rita Cosby: You know --

Donald Trump: And it's blown up in his face.

Rita Cosby: Yeah, President Trump, you know, she really had some strong language last night. I mean it was stunning at the town hall. She called you a fascist. What do you say to that? And also, what do you also say to, you know, General John Kelly, um and Mark Milley and some of these others? Is that like the sort of the 51 intel agents so-called, remember, from years ago? With -- with some of this vitriol, it seems like they're trying to throw everything against you to take attention from their lack of message.

Donald Trump: So, I fire a lot of people when they don't do a good job when you fire people or let them know they're no good, like when John fires somebody who's running his stores and he's -- you know, and when they call that person, that person will always say bad things about you. And I fired people in many ways.

Donald Trump: I've gone the nice way. You take your time, have lunch, talk about it, fire them. And I fired people like "You're fired, get out." It doesn't matter. When you fire people, they never say well, especially me. Because with most people, when they fire people, nobody cares. You know, they're not going to go -- with me, if I fire somebody, they've got every newspaper in the world talking to them to see if they can get them to say something bad.

Donald Trump: John Kelly was a stupid person. He was a stiff. He had no -- no anything. He had very little. He had two things. He was tough but ultimately became a marshmallow. At the end of his time, I fired him. He sat in his office, and he was as weak as anybody I've ever seen. But he was a bully. And bullies are that way.

Donald Trump: He was a nasty bully. And I didn't -- I realized I didn't like him, you know, pretty quickly in and was stopping paying attention. But he was a bully who made up stories. And I saw him lying when he was in the administration. I thought it was really amazing. I have so much stuff of the guy, but I don't want to waste a lot of time with that.

Donald Trump: But John Kelly was a man of rather low intelligence who was a tough guy who became a marshmallow. At the end, the guy couldn't even talk. The other stuff is -- well, like a guy like Yesper. Yesper was a week. I call him Yesper because he said yes to everything. His real name is Esper. He was a very weak person, weak and ineffective.

Donald Trump: He was recommended by a man who I liked, but he gave me a bad recommendation with Yesper, who was like a woke guy. But -- but he was an -- and many of these people don't know me very well. They really don't know me very well. I have guys all the time that go on and they say they're telling about Trump, but I've never even met them, or maybe they were in a room or something with me for a couple of minutes.

Donald Trump: Remember this -- and Mattis also was -- was -- you know, he had this reputation of -- first of all, his name was -- his actual nickname was Chaos. And I changed it. I said Mad Dog or whatever --

John Catsimatidis: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I changed it because -- I said, "That's a bad name to have the name Chaos." Is that really a name?" "Yeah." He said --

John Catsimatidis: Mr. Trump -- President Trump --

Donald Trump: Yes.

John Catsimatidis: It happens to everybody. And any businessman that fires anybody is going to get that reaction.

Donald Trump: Right.

John Catsimatidis: And --

Donald Trump: You've had it many times --

John Catsimatidis: I've had it many times. Every businessman, no matter who the CEO of companies are, when they do that, it happens to -- and that's the way it is. Now, the other important item --

Donald Trump: Let me just finish.

John Catsimatidis: Go ahead.

Donald Trump: Mattis -- Mattis was just a guy that wouldn't get it done, and Milley was a total dope. Milley was the one that said leave them all of our equipment in Afghanistan. He told me that. You know, I was getting out of Afghanistan. I was the one that planned it. It was beautiful. But we're going to take the military out last.

Donald Trump: They took the military out first. That immediately killed everything. You can't do it. You know I didn't have one soldier killed in Afghanistan for 18 months? There was nothing -- it was -- I dealt with Abdul, the head of the Taliban. And -- but they left all the equipment. And Milley told that to me.

Donald Trump: Sir, we should leave the equipment behind. I said, "Why would you do that? You mean you'd leave $150 million brand-new jet fighter behind?" "Yes, sir. It's cheaper." And then, I realized he was an idiot. He was a very stupid guy. And what he did with --

John Catsimatidis: That's very dumb.

Donald Trump: What he did with China, John --

John Catsimatidis: Yeah.

Donald Trump: What he did with China, now that's --

John Catsimatidis: He gave him all that. He gave him all that product. He gave him all those military things --

Donald Trump: I know.

John Catsimatidis: And he gave him the base.

Donald Trump: No, what he did -- well, number one, they gave them the base. But what he did worse than giving them the base -- because I was keeping the base, it's called Bagram.

John Catsimatidis: Yes.

Donald Trump: I was keeping it because it was one hour away from where China makes -- no, but he had -- he would talk to China about things. What he -- what he did with China is, you know, very dangerous. Look, Milley was a dummy, and Milley should have been fired after Afghanistan. Milley and the whole group, everybody should have been fired after Afghanistan.

Donald Trump: But we are one thing. So, I'm glad John did mention that. When we fire people -- now the one -- the one slight advantage that John has is he's just slightly less famous than me, so people care a little bit less.

John Catsimatidis: That's why I bought the radio station.

Donald Trump: And me -- yeah, right. You become famous. That's true. You become famous. You know, it's a good station, too. Let me tell you, people listen to that, people listen to that sucker. I want to tell you they like it --

John Catsimatidis: Yup.

Donald Trump: And you're having a good time?

John Catsimatidis: Yes.

Donald Trump: That's great.

John Catsimatidis: Yeah,

Donald Trump: That's great.

John Catsimatidis: The same way you had a good time on -- on television. See, you're better looking so you could do television. I could do only radio.

Donald Trump: You have a face for radio, John? Is that what you're trying to say?

John Catsimatidis: That's right. That's what I got. Two more questions.

Donald Trump: You're doing good.

John Catsimatidis: Two more questions.

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

John Catsimatidis: Are we on the eve of destruction? If Israel -- if Harris becomes president and Israel attacks Iran again, are they -- are we on the eve of destruction?

Donald Trump: If we listen -- if we listen to Harris and Biden -- and Biden has been wrong on this stuff, we don't have to say it. Everybody knows.

John Catsimatidis: Forty years.

Donald Trump: For 50 years, everything is -- everything he's ever said is wrong, and he was wrong here. He's wrong -- he's wrong on everything. If you would be genius, if you would have taken Biden's, you know, whatever his policy and gone the exact opposite, you would have been the greatest in history. OK? He's been wrong on everything.

Donald Trump: If you have her as your president, we are in for a catastrophe. There's no way -- I know them all. I know all the players, President Xi, Putin, every one of them, Kim Jong Un. If she becomes the president, this country is in real trouble, real trouble. First of all, we'll have a depression, an economic 1929-style depression.

Donald Trump: But we'll end up in a -- in a third world war. The woman is incompetent. I watched her last night. She's -- all she could do is talk about Trump. I mean, whenever ask a question, "Well, I think Trump is a dictator." Now, John knows me a long time. I think you could set the audience straight, John. I'm not a dictator.

John Catsimatidis: No.

Donald Trump: I'm not a dictator. It's just incredible. This is their new thing. You know, every week, they have a new plan because it hasn't worked. But here's the good news. The numbers are coming in at levels that nobody's ever seen before. I think you agree with that, John.

John Catsimatidis: Absolutely.

Donald Trump: Exactly -- yeah --

John Catsimatidis: People -- people -- common sense Democrats, you know, I'm after common sense Democrats all the time.

Donald Trump: Right. Right.

John Catsimatidis: Common sense Democrats, I tell them, "Close your eyes, vote for President Trump because that's the right way to go."

Donald Trump: Yeah, well, that's the right way to go, and we'll have a great country. We're going to have a great four years. And you're going to be happy, and everybody's going to be happy. The other way, John, I'm telling you, we'll be in World War III. We'll be in World War III [inaudible] devil.

John Catsimatidis: That's what I'm afraid of -- that's what I'm afraid of, that something is going to happen. And remember, the Goldwater commercial, where the atomic bomb was going off? Well, that could happen in the Mideast and plunge, everybody else into a world war with atomic bombs going off.

Donald Trump: It could happen here, John. It could even happen here. Remember that. So, yeah, it could happen here.

John Catsimatidis: Yeah, one last question, the other big problem. Our mutual friend, Bob Morgenthau would be turning in his grave right now on the rule of law in our country. There is no rule of law. You got political appointees ordering around the FBI, ordering around the border control people, and they're not able -- you know, 99 percent -- 99.

John Catsimatidis: 9 percent of border control people and the FBI are loyal Americans. They love America. Meanwhile, you have political appointees telling them what to do.

Donald Trump: Absolutely. You have great people in both offices. The FBI is great. But your top people, boy, oh, boy, oh, boy, what's happened to the FBI? And then, when you take a look, I mean, incredibly, Border Patrol is great. They gave me an endorsement the other day like you've never seen. "He's the greatest president of our lifetime."

Donald Trump: I said, "You couldn't do longer?" But, you know, some are young, I didn't like that. But, no, but they gave me the strongest endorsement. And I never saw this before. While they were endorsing me, they said, "She's the worst ever. You can't allow her to do this." Do you know that in four years, she never called them? Not once, and she was in charge of the border.

Donald Trump: She never even called them once. And it's -- look, we're going to have a great border.

John Catsimatidis: If --

Donald Trump: We're going to have a great economy. We're going to have a great everything. All we have to do is finish this thing off. We're leading in every state. We're not doing badly in one state. I mean, I think every state we're leading in [inaudible]

John Catsimatidis: I hope you -- I hope you take 49 states like President Reagan. Now, one last thing, and I'm going to go to Rita, is -- Jesus Christ, I forgot what I was going to say. See. You -- Rita, you go.

Donald Trump: Be careful, they'll call you cognitively impaired [inaudible] get you out of --

John Catsimatidis: Yes, I am impaired. You know, don't forget I'm a year old -- I'm a year younger than you.

Rita Cosby: Both of you are sharp as a tack. I can vouch for that.

Donald Trump: Let me -- let me tell you. You are the least cognitively impaired person I think I've ever met.

Rita Cosby: Yeah, but --

Donald Trump: But anyway, so --

Rita Cosby: I agree.

Donald Trump: Think of it later. Go ahead.

Rita Cosby: Yeah, President Trump --

Donald Trump: He's sharp. He's a very sharp guy. Go ahead.

Rita Cosby: He is. Both of you guys are, are you kidding me? Mr. President, you know as you're talking about the border what is -- what is your message? You know we talked about John, so aptly, sort of used the word eve of destruction about sort of what's happening internationally, domestically. What could America look like if it continues to have this open border policy that we have seen? And also --

Donald Trump: Well, you can't have it. It's not sustainable.

Rita Cosby: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It has to be shut immediately, and you have to let people in but they have to come in legally. And you have to get the killers, the murderers, and the mentally deranged, you have to get them out. And we should throw Jack Smith out with them, the mentally deranged people. Jack Smith should be considered mentally deranged, and he should be thrown out of the country.

John Catsimatidis: I remembered, I remembered. I got --

Rita Cosby: It came back.

John Catsimatidis: It takes a little -- if whoever called the shot on letting in 13,000 murderers, and a lot of them are in New York --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

John Catsimatidis: Allowing 13,000 murderers to enter the United States of America and prey on the American people, would you call that treason?

Donald Trump: Well, the one who called the shot is her because she was in charge of the border. So, she called the shot. And Biden was sleeping at the time. So, I don't know, it's almost hard [inaudible] president.

John Catsimatidis: So, somebody's guilty then? Somebody's guilty.

Donald Trump: That guy is the worst president we've ever had, but you'd really say it starts at the top. Now Mayorkas is ultimately responsible. But the one that really is the one that said, this is the way we want to do. It is going to be Biden and her and Kamala. But she never made one phone call. I was with the Border Patrol when they endorsed me.

Donald Trump: They gave me a great endorsement. But I was with them. I said, "Let me ask you, does she ever speak to you? Does she ever call? "No, "Has she called you many times during -- you know, [inaudible] many times?" They said, "She's never called us once in three and a half years.

Rita Cosby: Wow.

Donald Trump: Can you believe it?

Rita Cosby: Wow. You know, I saw recently that you sort of -- you were asked about this, the idea of using government funds, Mr. President, as reparations to victims of migrant crime because sadly, there have been a lot of them. We've seen a lot of these horrible high-profile cases, and so many of the family members are praying that you get into office.

Donald Trump: I love the idea of helping them. I love the idea to help them.

Rita Cosby: Yeah, explain -- explain how would that work? Would that be US government? Could you even go after other governments?

Donald Trump: [inaudible] I mean, when you take a look at Laken Riley and the family, when you take -- I could name 50, I know a lot of the people, I've met a lot of the families. I felt they had an obligation to do it. They'd call me -- you know, people call me because they say I'm the president, it's -- it's sort of sad.

Donald Trump: They don't want to deal with him. First of all, they don't get called. But when they do, they don't even want to talk to him. They won't even talk to him. And I get to know a lot of families and what they're going through. Their daughters were killed, their sons were killed. The 13 that were killed in Afghanistan should have never happened, should have never happened.

Donald Trump: And, you know, it's amazing. I just get to know these people, they call me. So many times, they call me. And I have to take their call because it's, you know, they lost their daughter, they lost their son. It's so sad, it's so tragic what happened. You know these people are coming over in droves, and they're really -- they're murderers.

Donald Trump: We got 13,000 murderers. We've got drug dealers at levels that nobody's ever seen. Who would take these? Who would take them." John, Who would take these people? We have terrorists coming in. And they come in, and they don't even examine them. They just let them walk through.

Rita Cosby: Well --

Donald Trump: John, it's called an open border. And if they were in, you'd have 200 million people instead of 21 million people --

John Catsimatidis: In -- in, Venezuela opened up -- Venezuela opened up their jails --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

John Catsimatidis: And they sent everybody to -- to us, a lot of them in New York.

Donald Trump: All the things -- yup.

Rita Cosby: Yeah, so could there be reparations --

Donald Trump: Yup. And you know what?

Rita Cosby: From US or somewhere else, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Well, listen, in Venezuela they opened up their jails. They took -- and it's, you know, tough, they run it tough, they took all of their street gangs and they dumped them into the United States.

John Catsimatidis: We have them in New York, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: And they're tougher than anybody we have. We don't have gangs that tough. You know that.

John Catsimatidis: And the police department is -- it has to be able to deal with it. And if they're not capable, it's going to take more to -- to -- to help New York than that. What can you do to help the inner cities that have become jungles?

Donald Trump: Well, it would be help to -- it would be great if we had the proper leadership, which we really don't. If you take a look at, you know, Chicago, the various places, it's incredible. But we're going to help them, and we're going to have to strengthen up the police. The police are great. They're sitting back.

Donald Trump: They want to do their job. But if they do their job, they lose their pension, they lose everything, OK? Their house, their pension, their families, they lose everything. We're going to give -- we're going to indemnify the police. We're going to let them do their job because they can do it. They want to do it.

Donald Trump: Like Border Patrol wants to do it. Border Patrol is standing there, watching people come in that they're looking at, they can -- they can just smell it that they're horrible criminals. They're coming in, they're criminals. Do you know that Venezuelan crime is down 72 percent because they've -- and the only reason it's not down further is because the ones that they haven't brought out yet.

Donald Trump: But they're bringing them all out. They won't have any criminals, every one of them is going to be in this country. It's not conceivable, John. John, in business, we always know what the other side wants. You know, we have to sort of -- it's not conceivable that people would have allowed this to happen to our country.

Donald Trump: These are bad people, and that's why she's getting crushed in the voting. Wow, worse than the post.

John Catsimatidis: They're trying to change -- they're trying to change the American way of life, and we're not going to allow it to happen. And I understand --

Donald Trump: Yup.

John Catsimatidis: Your people are yelling at Rita that the time is up, so I'm going to give it to Rita. But we can talk for another hour but --

Rita Cosby: Absolutely. And Mr. --

John Catsimatidis: Rita.

Donald Trump: We could talk for a long time.

John Catsimatidis: Mr. President, before we let you go --

Donald Trump: We could talk, but we have to act.

John Catsimatidis: Yes.

Donald Trump: John, we can talk, but we have to act. This is serious. The people are coming in right now, they're being flown in by airplanes over the top, can you believe that? Four hundred thousand people came in by airplane. They were talking about the border, airplane, we -- we've got to act.

John Catsimatidis: At least --

Donald Trump: And this is not sustainable for any country.

John Catsimatidis: Remember Bill Fugazy? At least we should know -- Ellis Island, at least we should know who's good and bad.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Yeah.

John Catsimatidis: We can't just let murderers and -- and drug dealers in.

Rita Cosby: Yeah, absolutely, absolutely.

Donald Trump: You and I got the Ellis Island medals together, right?

John Catsimatidis: Absolutely correct.

Donald Trump: And it was a great thing, and we had a spirit for the country. Today, they don't even talk about things like that. That was a beautiful thing you just mentioned. It was beautiful the way that was done. It was a great honor, and they don't talk about that anymore. Today, they just come in through the border -- and they just come in -- anybody can come into our country.

John Catsimatidis: Without checks and balances.

Donald Trump: We're going to get them out, John. We're getting them out. This is not --

John Catsimatidis: I'm there on your side. I'm there -- I'm there next to you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Not sustainable. OK, that's good.

Rita Cosby: Absolutely, we want to have a safe country. And before we let you go, Mr. President, Madison Square Garden coming up how important --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Rita Cosby: How special is that to you, personally? We know how much you love New York, but what is that moment going to mean to you?

Donald Trump: Well, it's New York, but it's also sort of -- it's the end of my campaigning, when you think -- I mean, I've done it now for nine years. We've had two great elections, one was better than the other. The second one was much better than the first. We got almost 12 million more votes than we got the first time, which is unheard of.

Donald Trump: Nobody -- that never happened for a president before. We needed to do better the second time by that kind of a number. Got more votes than any sitting president in history. But now, this one blows it away. This one is better than the both of them, maybe the both of them put together based on the numbers we're seeing, John.

Donald Trump: I think you see that. And, you know, numbers are coming out of Georgia and Michigan. The numbers that are coming out of Michigan and Pennsylvania are incredible.

John Catsimatidis: I'm praying for 49 states, Mr. President. We got to outdo --

Donald Trump: Whatever it is -- look, you know what I want? I just want the victory. I want to have a victory. We can start stopping people from pouring into our country that are -- you know that like shooting people and killing people and all the other things. It's -- it's insane what we've allowed to happen to our country.

Rita Cosby: It is insane.

Donald Trump: It makes no sense.

Rita Cosby: Well, we are so grateful to you, Mr. President. We are watching closely, and can't wait to see what happens on election night. And have a great, great rally there at Madison Square Garden and -- and good luck on election night

Donald Trump: Well, I'll see you both on election night.

Rita Cosby: Yes, you will.

Donald Trump: Yeah. And maybe at Madison Square Garden, if you'd like, but it's going to be great. They sold it out in three hours. But we have -- it's going to be -- it's going to be --

John Catsimatidis: You sold more than Billy Joel.

Rita Cosby: Yes, exactly. Billy Joel was crying.

Donald Trump: I know. That's right. That's right. We sold more than anybody. Anyway, well, I think it'll be a great time. And it's going to be really a celebration of the whole thing, you know, because it's coming to an end a few days after that, the campaigning, I won't campaign anymore, then I'll be campaigning to make America great.

Donald Trump: In other words, then I'll be calling guys like John, and I'll say, "What do you think of this, John? I want to get --" Because John's a great businessman, and John's got great common sense. John can answer 99 percent of these questions better than anybody in government.

Rita Cosby: I agree.

Donald Trump: And, see, I know the real John. You do, too, probably.

Rita Cosby: I do, too.

Donald Trump: But not like I know him.

John Catsimatidis: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you both.

Rita Cosby: What a blessing. We are with you. Good luck on election night.

John Catsimatidis: And have a great -- have a great day. And most important, stay safe. We need you.

Rita Cosby: Yes, please stay safe.

John Catsimatidis: The world needs you.

Donald Trump: I will. Thanks, John.

Rita Cosby: We love you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thanks, Rita. Thanks a lot.

Rita Cosby: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Good. Goodbye. Thank you.