Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-bryan-llenas-fox-news-august-30-2024

Bryan Llenas: Yes or no on Amendment 4 in Florida.

Donald Trump: So, I think six weeks, you need more time than six weeks. I've disagreed with that right from the early primaries. When I heard about it, I disagreed with it. At the same time, the Democrats are radical because the nine months is just a ridiculous situation, where you can do an abortion in the ninth month.

Donald Trump: And, you know, some of the states like Minnesota and other states have it where you could actually execute the baby after birth. And all of that stuff is unacceptable. So, I'll be voting no for that reason.

Bryan Llenas: No on Amendment 4.

Donald Trump: For that reason because it's a radical. And when you talk about radical, having a baby abort -- doing an abortion in the ninth month is unacceptable to anybody. There's something in between, but the six is too short. It's just too short a period. And the nine months is unacceptable. But for that reason for the radicalization on the Democrat side, we're voting no.

Bryan Llenas: A huge announcement yesterday on IVF. What is your message to pro-lifers who are concerned about the federal government providing this service to women for free?

Donald Trump: I think when the -- when we look at IVF, and I've been an early proponent of IVF very early on, and we're going to -- government is going to pay for IVF when people need the treatment, when they want the treatment. When they want to go in with the fertilization, government's going to get totally involved, and they're going to help people.

Donald Trump: We want to have babies, we want to have lots of beautiful babies in this country, and we're going to do it. And that was received very, very well yesterday, very well.

Bryan Llenas: To put up guardrails, for instance, perhaps, thinking about banning the discardment of unused embryos, for instance.

Donald Trump: Well, we're going to be issuing a statement over the next two weeks on some of the details, but we're going to be paying for IVF for women.

Bryan Llenas: Same-sex couples. More and more same-sex couples are using IVF. Are they going to be able to get free IVF under your plan?

Donald Trump: Well, we're going to look at that.

Bryan Llenas: Would you veto a federal abortion ban?

Donald Trump: I'm not going to have to think about it because it's working out so well right now. The states are doing it. It's a states issue.

Bryan Llenas: I'm only asking that because JD Vance said that you would veto an abortion ban if it was sent to your desk.

Donald Trump: Well, what's happening is you're never going to have to do it because it's being done by the states. The states are voting. And the people are now getting a chance to vote. And this is the way everybody wanted it.

Bryan Llenas: You've had a chance now to digest that interview last night by Vice President Kamala Harris. What are your top-line thoughts about how she did?

Donald Trump: Well, I think it was not exactly a great performance. There was -- it was a low-energy performance to take all of that time and get ready for that kind of an interview. It was a softball interview. They were 100 percent on the radical-left side. It was CNN. I was surprised a little bit. I thought that -- I thought that Dana would be a little bit stronger.

Donald Trump: But I really think that, probably, if you look at it, it was not considered a big success. If you go by the reviews, it was considered much less than a success. Well, I think she should stop with the flip-flopping because it's not honest. She'd be better off if she just stuck with what she's been. You know, she's lived with policies for many, many years.

Donald Trump: And they've been the same. And all of a sudden, like, a short while ago, for purposes of getting elected, she switched.