Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-sid-rosenberg-wabc-radio-july-31-2024

Sid Rosenberg: Back here on Sid & Friends in the Morning. And here he is. Boy, I love this guy. The 45th and soon-to-be 47th president of the United States, my friend, President Donald Trump. Mr. President, how are you today?

Donald Trump: I'm good. I'm good. We had -- just had some very good poll numbers come out as you see against this crazy person that we're running against. How she's running is just so bad, with her protection of our border. She was the border czar, and millions of people coming in. And she's running for president. It's crazy, but that's what it is. Welcome to the world of politics.

Sid Rosenberg: It is crazy. You know, I want to rewind the tape just a couple of weeks, Mr. President. And, you know, I arrived in Milwaukee the day you were in Butler, Pennsylvania.

Donald Trump: Right.

Sid Rosenberg: And I went to my hotel room, and I went to put away my clothing, got Fox News on in the background, and I thought I heard gunshots. And I sat at the edge of the bed. I remember, I was born in 1967. Kennedy was assassinated in '63. I said to my father, I said, "Daddy, why were grown men crying when the president was shot?" I'm going to tell you something, Mr. President.

Sid Rosenberg: I sat at the edge of my bed in Milwaukee, and I cried. And when you pumped your fist and told me and the rest of America you're OK, you made me and millions of people feel good again and come to the realization, once again, you're the toughest guy we know.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much, Sid. It was a terrible day. It was a bad moment for our country. It was incredible that that could happen, but it -- it did. It did. It was a bad thing.

Sid Rosenberg: It was. And now, it turns out, I guess, we know the FBI and the Secret Service both screwed up major, both of them. And is it true, Mr. President, you've agreed now to become a victim-witness for the FBI in this investigation?

Donald Trump: Yeah, whatever I can do, I'll -- I'll do. I think we have sort of an obligation to do that. I'm very disappointed with the FBI, not the people in the FBI, but the way it's being run. And it's, you know, obviously, very disappointing. And Secret Service, they were very brave. Look, they jumped on that stage, but they had some real holes when you look at -- nobody on that roof and -- and no coordination with the police.

Donald Trump: It seems to be coming out that there was absolutely no coordination. And that's -- that's a pretty bad thing when you think of it.

Sid Rosenberg: Horrible, and -- and I'm glad.

Donald Trump: A lot of bad facts are coming out.

Sid Rosenberg: Yes, and I'm glad Kimberly Cheatle resigned, Mr. President. But we need Christopher Wray to step down, too, no?

Donald Trump: Well, he's been disappointing. Certainly, he's been a lot of things. I mean, he seems to be focused on putting everybody on J6 in prison. He was a Christie recommendation. Chris Christie, can you believe it? And what can I tell you? You know, you take recommendations and so -- hey, we hope for the best.

Donald Trump: That's all I can tell you. He raided Mar-a-Lago, and that turned out to be a very bad thing for him to do. We won that case, you know that, right? We won the whole documents case. And Biden should be guilty. Biden should be guilty in that case. He's a -- he should be a convicted felon because they ruled that, you know, he can't -- he's not competent to go to court, but he's supposed to be competent to be president. Think of that. Think of that one. He can't go to court, but he can be president.

Sid Rosenberg: It's crazy. It is crazy. But you win all the cases.

Donald Trump: Right.

Sid Rosenberg: Thank God because they're all a joke. But I want to talk to you about being nice. You made a comment last week. It was great. You go, "You know, they shot me. I was being nice. Now, I'm not going to be so nice." I got to tell you, Mr. President, I'm sick and tired of people telling me about you being nice.

Sid Rosenberg: You know what I want Trump to be? I want Trump to be Trump, the authentic Trump is the guy that's won three consecutive primaries, is going to win three consecutive elections. When he has to be nice, he's nice. When he doesn't have to be, he's not. Enough with this nice nonsense, no?

Donald Trump: Well, you really -- that was a great description. Do you mind if I just plagiarize from you? Do you mind? I can use those same words.

Sid Rosenberg: Thank you. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Because I'll tell you what, that was a very good description. Look, I want to be nice, and I'm a person that is nice. I have a lot of friends like you, but I want to be a nice person. They're trying to put me in prison. These are people -- these are animals we're dealing with. These are horrible people. They're letting millions and millions of people coming to our country and kill people.

Donald Trump: It's happening every day, millions of people. Every day, it's happening where there's tremendous migrant crime. They come in from all over the world. They're coming in from prisons and they're -- I mean, you know what's happening. They're coming in from -- directly from prisons, saving these countries a fortune, by the way.

Donald Trump: But think of it, mental institutions and terrorists are coming in, and they're pouring into the country. And then they say I'm not democratic, I'm not democratic, I'm a threat to democracy. They -- it's just a sound bite. You know, it means nothing to them to say it. Maybe it's the reason I was shot, who knows.

Donald Trump: You know, it's rhetorically a terrible thing to say about somebody like me, but they say it all the time. And actually, they're the threat.

Sid Rosenberg: Yep.

Donald Trump: Joe Biden's incompetent. And then they took his 14 million votes, and they gave it to somebody else instead of going to a primary system that you're supposed to do. And she's more incompetent than he is, in my opinion, and she's far more radical.

Sid Rosenberg: Yeah. No, it's not even close. She's a heck of a lot worse. Yes, they try to put you in prison, and they try to kill you. And take it from me. I know President Trump. He's on the phone right now. Great sense of humor, nicest guy in the world, great father, great grandfather, great family man, but we need to win this.

Sid Rosenberg: Bottom line is we need to win. Look at the great job you did with the Supreme Court. Now, these two people, they want to overhaul it. They they want to get rid of the immunity decision. They don't know what to do first. Leave the Supreme Court alone, but they're going to try to change it, aren't they?

Donald Trump: But they don't really want to get away with it, you know, in the immunity decision because if they didn't have immunity, Biden would be in tremendous trouble.

Sid Rosenberg: That's right.

Donald Trump: With all the criminal acts that he's committed, he would be in tremendous trouble. So, he doesn't really -- that's just a -- it's typical. This is all they are, misinformation, disinformation. The last thing that Crooked Joe Biden wants to do is get rid of immunity because if he got rid of immunity, he would be spending the rest of his life fighting it out.

Donald Trump: I mean, you know that. It's pretty amazing. So, it's just -- it's just talk. It's just sound bites. Now, the rest of it, he wants to. They want to pack the court. He doesn't want to get rid of presidential immunity because then he wouldn't have immunity. He'd retire, and anybody would be able to go after him.

Donald Trump: So, he doesn't want to do that, but they put it out there. He'll give that up. You watch, he'll give that up. But what he does want to do is hurt the judges. And what he does want to do is pack the court. There's no question about that. They want to have -- I mean, I've heard numbers like 29 judges.

Sid Rosenberg: Oh, my God.

Donald Trump: I've heard all different numbers.

Sid Rosenberg: Oh, God.

Donald Trump: They want to pack the court.

Sid Rosenberg: That's nuts.

Donald Trump: It's unbelievable.

Sid Rosenberg: That's crazy.

Donald Trump: Yep.

Sid Rosenberg: I do want to talk about Israel, too, because you know how staunch I am, President Trump. You know.

Donald Trump: Yep.

Sid Rosenberg: And I got to tell you, you're in Saint Cloud, Minnesota. It's hours, not days, not months, hours. After 12 little kids were blown to smithereens, and you find it In your heart to make a point. Do you know that two days later, this Harris, who went to a sorority party in Indiana instead of going to watch Bibi speak, this Harris, who gave Bibi an ultimatum the day before he met you, hasn't said a word about these little kids?

Sid Rosenberg: How disgraceful is that?

Donald Trump: And by the way, there was just another very bad attack in the UK. Now, I don't know that this has anything to do with anything that we're talking about right now, but there was a vicious violent attack that just took place just now in the UK. And terrible, terrible. What's going on is -- it's terrible. It's terrible.

Sid Rosenberg: Well, Israel is going to be a huge point of contention. And I must say, when Bibi met with you --

Donald Trump: I think so.

Sid Rosenberg: Yeah. When you -- when Bibi met with you Friday and the photo op of you and Bibi, Mr. President, and then that room you made look so beautiful with the Israeli flags at Mar-a-Lago, that's -- that's what two leaders look like, you and Bibi, not the nonsense on Thursday. Do you know they didn't even take a photo op, not Biden, not Harris, not anybody?

Donald Trump: When she stood up with him, she wanted to get out of there so fast, you could see the disdain. Number one, she doesn't like Israel. Number two, she doesn't like Jewish people. You know it, I know it, everybody knows it, and nobody wants to say it. And any -- and I mean this sincerely. You know I'm running in New York.

Donald Trump: Any -- and I think we have a good shot in New York, by the way. And Lee Zeldin's heading it up and -- the whole thing. And you're going to sort of head it up as much as you're allowed to do that stuff. But I'm running in New York. Any Jewish person that votes for Biden or a Democrat but votes for Biden, any Democrat or votes for -- and now, we have Kamala because, you know, you don't really have this yet because you still have to have a convention.

Donald Trump: But anybody that votes for that group of people, those two people -- but now, it looks like it's going to be her because she dislikes Jewish people and Israel more than Biden did, and Biden never did anything and neither did Obama.

Donald Trump: Never did. And, you know, the amazing thing is that the Palestinians hate them also, which is sort of interesting. I mean they've -- they've pulled off like this massive thing where everybody hates them. But frankly, any Jewish person that voted for her or him or whoever it's going to be, I assume it's going to be her, anybody that did that is -- should have their head examined. If you love Israel or if you're Jewish -- because a lot of Jewish people do not like Israel, and they happen to be in New York, you know that.

Sid Rosenberg: Yes.

Donald Trump: But if you are Jewish, regardless of Israel, if you're Jewish, if you vote for a Democrat, you're a fool, an absolute fool. They have let Jewish people down since Obama at levels that nobody could believe possible. You know, 15 years ago, the strongest lobby in all of Washington was Israel. It was by far the strongest.

Donald Trump: Nobody would say anything bad about Israel. Today, it's like nobody says anything good, except Republicans, by the way. Nobody says anything good about it. So is -- a hell of a -- it's a hell of a change. I assume you know exactly what I'm saying.

Sid Rosenberg: Oh, I know.

Donald Trump: Fifteen years ago, you couldn't say a bad thing.

Sid Rosenberg: Yep. No.

Donald Trump: You'd be out of office.

Sid Rosenberg: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And today, it's almost like -- I mean, Schumer has become a Palestinian. Chuck Schumer is officially now a Palestinian.

Sid Rosenberg: It's funny, but it's true. It's sad he is. He is. And they tell me that this -- this Harris' husband, Doug Emhoff, Mr. President, is Jewish. He's Jewish like Bernie Sanders is Jewish. Are you kidding me? He's a crappy Jew. He's a horrible Jew. So, on the way out -- we covered a lot here, OK? And look, you got a good couple of months ahead of you here.

Sid Rosenberg: You're going to win again, trust me. And the economy, every bit of this economy that went to hell since you left office, she's been a part of all of it, from inflation to the strangling interest rates to all the bad deals around the world. She can't escape all of that, right?

Donald Trump: Absolutely.

Sid Rosenberg: Her -- her complexion and her gender, she can't escape all of that, right?

Donald Trump: She's worse than him, and she's more radical. And look, defund the police, that's all you have to hear, defund the police. She wanted to defund the police. She was the leader of that movement. Now, she tries to pretend. She was the head of the border. She was in charge of the border, right? She was the border czar.

Donald Trump: Now, if you look, you can't find that term anywhere. You know, they've deleted -- the fake news has deleted it largely, but she was the border czar. If there's enough -- we have plenty. She was the border czar. She presided over the worst border in the history of the world. There's never been a border like this.

Donald Trump: There's never been a border like this for any country, and she was the border czar. Now, she tries to take it away, but she can't do that. She is far worse than Biden. Remember that.

Sid Rosenberg: I agree, far worse, and that's hard to believe. Mr. President, I just thank God you're OK. We all love you, and you're going to win again. And keep doing what you're doing, keep being President Trump because that's good enough to win every time. And thank you so much for hopping on with me again today. I love you, pal.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, Sid. And, Sid, make sure we win New York, please, OK? You have a lot of people listening to this crazy show. You are one -- you have a lot of people. I don't even think you know it, but you have a lot of people. Will you please make sure that we win New York, OK? I'll put you in charge indirectly, all right?

Sid Rosenberg: You have my word, Mr. President. We're going to win New York for you, OK, pal?

Donald Trump: Thank you. Take care of yourself.

Sid Rosenberg: God bless him. Bye-bye.

Donald Trump: So long, Sid.

Sid Rosenberg: Take care.

Donald Trump: Bye, bye.