Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-aishah-hasnie-fox-news-june-13-2024

Note: [The following was a brief interview conducted by Aishah Hasnie in the halls of Congress on June 13, 2024. It is unclear if parts were edited out. The following is the only portion publicly released and referenced.]

Aishah Hasnie: A lot of folks surrounding you. Some of them are on the shortlist for VP.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Aishah Hasnie: Was your pick for VP in that room with you?

Donald Trump: Probably yeah. Probably. I don't want to go but probably. I think we'll probably announce it during the convention.

Aishah Hasnie: Do you know who your VP is?

Donald Trump: I have sort of a pretty good idea. Look, we have some really talented people. I have a pretty good idea.

Aishah Hasnie: Are you going to support Larry Hogan to win that Senate seat?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I'd like to see him win. I think he has a good chance to win. I would like to see him win.

Aishah Hasnie: So, you're endorsing him?

Donald Trump: Well, nobody has asked me that, but essentially, I would be endorsing him. Yeah.

Aishah Hasnie: OK.

Donald Trump: Well, I can say a lot of things that Hunter did were already killed by the statute of limitations. So, in that regard, they've already benefited, as you know.

Aishah Hasnie: You're a father, though.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Aishah Hasnie: You understand what it means to be a father. What would you do in that situation?

Donald Trump: Well, I think it's a very serious thing. I understand that whole subject. I understand it pretty well because I've had it. People have it in their family. It's a very tough thing. It's a very tough situation for a father. It's a very tough situation for a brother or sister. And it goes on and it's not stopping.

Donald Trump: Whether it's alcohol or drugs or whatever it may be, it's a tough thing. And so, that's a tough -- it's a tough moment for their family. It's a tough moment for any family involved in that.