Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-gene-bailey-flashpoint-september-6-2024

Gene Bailey: Sir.

Donald Trump: How are you? Thank you very much.

Gene Bailey: Thank you. Good to see you again.

Donald Trump: What an honor -- what an honor from you.

Gene Bailey: Yeah. With me now, President Trump. Thank you, sir, for joining us here on FlashPoint.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Gene Bailey: Listen, I just got a few questions.

Donald Trump: OK.

Gene Bailey: So, we're here in Charlotte Fraternal Order of Police.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Gene Bailey: Four years ago, defunding the police was the biggest -- the biggest thing going on. That's all we heard about.

Donald Trump: Right.

Gene Bailey: But yet, you're here. Talk about how important it is for Americans to fund the police again.

Donald Trump: Well, it really is, defunding the police -- she wants to defund the police, my opponent, my new opponent. We had an opponent, and he was gone. And now, we have a new opponent, and she's a defunder. She's an original. No, I'm -- I want to overfund the police of anything. They're doing a great job. I was not a defunder like Kamala.

Donald Trump: She was a defunder. She was a 10-year defunder. When you defund -- when you want to defund for 10 years, that's the end of that one. I think I could leave right now, and you say, "There's no way that we're not voting for that guy." I promise you, I will never tell you we're going to defund the police.

Donald Trump: I will only tell you that we might overfund the police. That's your -- that's your -- we'll be over budget. So, now, the police, it's a great honor. We're getting their endorsement from all over the country. I mean, everyone, every police department, every police group. And today is a really big one.

Gene Bailey: Yes.

Donald Trump: We really appreciate you being here. I got to meet a lot of you backstage. Just amazing people. All you want to do is see our country be safe and prosperous, and we want to love our country, and we want to have reason to love it. The people of this country know it. We know all about you and the great job that you do.

Donald Trump: And the people of this country respect you greatly for it. So, I just want to thank you on behalf of everybody because I see it. I'm all over -- and this is a group that's respected like never before. That's why I'm so deeply honored to receive the Fraternal Order of Police official endorsement for president of the United States.

Donald Trump: Thank you all very much in the room. I know you vote on that. [Applause] Thank you very much. Great honor.

Gene Bailey: Four years ago, we talked to you about religious liberty.

Donald Trump: Right.

Gene Bailey: We talked to you about freedom of speech. And since your presidency, freedom of speech, freedom of religion has all been attacked --

Donald Trump: Yes.

Gene Bailey: In a bigger way. So, when you come into office, how are you going to help us with that?

Donald Trump: Well, we're going to open it up. We're also opening it up to religion because the radical left had made COVID really a way to hurt religion. And you couldn't -- even if you went out into an open field and you were 10 feet away, they would come and arrest everybody. They were -- they went crazy. And I really think that's one of the big problems we have with our country right now in terms of crime and attitude and everything else.

Donald Trump: So, we want to bring religion back into our country and let it get stronger and bigger and better, as I say. And that's going to happen. But it's -- I think it's a very important element of the success of this country. You want to run a democratic country. You want to run a country that is based on fair and free voting.

Donald Trump: You're in serious trouble if you get caught trying to find out what are the real results of an election. It's an amazing thing. Do you ever see that? They go after the people that are looking at the crime, and they do terrible things to them. But the people that committed the voter fraud and everything, they can do whatever they want to do. It's so crazy.

Gene Bailey: Let's talk about that nasty Johnson Amendment that I have to deal with.

Donald Trump: Oh, that's true.

Gene Bailey: So, what's going to happen with that?

Donald Trump: So, you had the Johnson Amendment. Lyndon Johnson put in an amendment, making it very difficult for people like yourself who we all respect so tremendously, the pastors and the reverends and, frankly, even other religions --

Gene Bailey: Sure.

Donald Trump: But they were looking at Christianity more than anything else. And it made it -- they took away your tax exempt status if they -- if you said anything political. And I -- as you know, I took it out. We didn't get it through Congress, but I took it out through executive order. And you had -- you won it because I want to hear from you and other people that I respect.

Gene Bailey: Sure.

Donald Trump: And so do a lot of other people, I'd say more than anybody else. We can listen to our pastors and the people that we want to hear, tell us what to do. We can hear from them again, and you will be in great shape. There's never been such destruction. And I mean a war that would have never been had. There's no way Russia was going in.

Donald Trump: I know Putin very well. He was not going in. There's no way that Israel would have been attacked on October 7th. We wouldn't have inflation. You wouldn't have had that travesty in Afghanistan, the most embarrassing day in the history of our country.

Gene Bailey: October 7th last year, it's almost a year. What a horrible attack --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Gene Bailey: In Israel. It was a shock to me, as I'm sure it was to you, that we saw so much the pro-Palestinian --

Donald Trump: Right.

Gene Bailey: Anti-Israel, antisemitism across our colleges. What's going to happen there?

Donald Trump: You know, it's very interesting. But Christians and I think maybe more than Jewish people, it's hard to believe, they want to protect in this country. They want to protect Israel. Very religious Jewish people are very strong on that. But I tell the Jewish people all the time, "You got to be -- you got to fight for Israel."

Donald Trump: Because Israel is under attack. Israel is really in a lot of trouble. Frankly, if they didn't have me in there, I think they would be in much more serious problem, as you know, because you're a big protector and a believer in Israel. And I think everyone appreciates that very much from your standpoint, and there have to be some more.

Donald Trump: But we have it under control, very strongly under control. Then you have guys like Schumer and Pelosi and all of these people on the radical-left Democrat side, and they are absolutely against Israel. There's no question about it. They are absolutely against. And Kamala is totally against -- she wouldn't even meet with Bibi Netanyahu.

Donald Trump: She wouldn't do it. And think of it, he goes to Congress, he makes a speech, and she refuses to be there because she's at a party. And you know what she could do, all these things that she complains about right now, she should go and fix them. She shouldn't even go to the debate. She should go back to Washington, DC and fix all the things she's complaining about. There's no problem.

Gene Bailey: Your book just came out, Save America. I quickly looked through it today. And at the back the last few pages, of course, detail of what happened to you --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Gene Bailey: That day on July 13th.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Gene Bailey: And there's -- there's one -- next to the last page, you said, "I'm not supposed to be here except for Almighty God." Kind of go back to that and tell us, the people that haven't heard from you about that.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Gene Bailey: I know you talked about it at the convention. But talk about what -- what that meant to you when you were going through that.

Donald Trump: Well, the odds are -- and shooters will tell you -- in fact my two sons are like championship shooters. Eric is here with us today and he said that from that distance, about 130 yards, there was zero chance almost that they can miss. It's considered very close. Sounds like a lot, but it's not. And had I not turned to my right sharply but turned exactly to the right at a 90-degree angle, I wouldn't be talking to you today.

Donald Trump: So, God saved me. And maybe and I like to think that he did it because he wants me to save this country for you and for people that think like we do. And that was a -- that was a pretty amazing day. But I didn't even realize it myself. I got hit right here in the ear, but had I been turned in even a slightly different direction -- and it was about an eighth of a second, I was in that right position for an eighth of a second.

Donald Trump: So, that's God and -- and maybe that's the reason why, and that would be very nice. I would be very happy with that. And this time, at the beginning of the speech, I said pull down that chart. And if I didn't turn, I wouldn't be speaking with you today. This isn't just migrants coming in. These are tough people coming from prisons, jails.

Donald Trump: They're coming from mental institutions, insane, asylums, a lot of countries that are not exactly friendly to us. They're coming in at levels that we've never seen before. They've opened up the border. She is the worst. Kamala Harris has to be stopped. She's radical, she's a Marxist. She doesn't know what she's doing.

Donald Trump: And when you look at what's happening to our country, 21 million people, I believe, are in not the 16 that they say, which is, of course, tremendous. That's bigger than New York. Twenty-one million people, probably more than that. I don't even know if they can count the gotaways because they're so -- so many.

Donald Trump: Under border czar Harris, we are being conquered. We're being actually conquered. If you think of it from within Kamala. You know, she was a so-called border czar. She was the worst border czar in the history of the world. There's never been anything like it. We have an open border, and millions of people are pouring through, and we're not going to take it.

Donald Trump: We're not going to take it. We're going to get the criminals out of here very quickly. And, you know, we have great police. And if they're allowed to do their job, which they will be, we're going to get them out very quickly. We cannot have a country like this. I'm here today to declare that we do not have to live this way.

Donald Trump: And when I'm president of the United States, we are not going to take it anymore. We're not going to take it anymore. Thank you.

Gene Bailey: Thank you, sir. Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Great honor.

Gene Bailey: Can I pray for you real quick?

Donald Trump: Yes, please, I'd love it.

Gene Bailey: Holy Father Lord, we pray for President Trump, pray for divine protection. We pray for the spirit of wisdom to come upon him as he navigates these last eight weeks leading into the election. Not only do we pray for protection and wisdom, we pray for favor and to motivate the American people to get out and vote in mass like they've never voted before. In Jesus' name, Amen. Thank you, sir. Oh.

Donald Trump: And he's a terrific guy. This is a really great one. I don't say that about many, but stay with him, stay with him. He's fantastic man.

Gene Bailey: Thank you. I hit religious liberty in America, hit the Johnson Amendment, hit the border wall. He said, "I do these interviews all the time."

Donald Trump: You do a great job.

Gene Bailey: Oh, thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: I mean, I get interviewed by professionals all the time. He does a better job than just about all of them. It's really pretty amazing, right? Better heart.