Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-chris-stigall-show-podcast-january-3-2024

Chris Stigall: President Trump, it is a thrill to have you back sir, good morning.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much. It's great to be here.

Chris Stigall: I would be remiss, sir, if I didn't ask you about the breaking news yesterday that Hunter Biden, his plea deal fell apart. It sounds like his attorneys tried to sneak a fast one past this judge in Delaware. I don't know how much of the story you were briefed on yesterday. I know you're busy. Uh, what do you make of what happened yesterday?

Donald Trump: Well, I do know the story and I think it was incredible that one of his attorneys saying they were Republicans when they weren't, tried to do something which was to their advantage. But who can be shocked by anything you learn about that group. I don't know. I've never heard of a thing like that where they call a court and they call the court using the opponent's name or the opponent's affiliation.

Donald Trump: I've never seen it, have you ever seen anything like that? I've never seen anything like that. To me -- to me that was probably as big a story. I wouldn't want to be that attorney.

Chris Stigall: That judge, uh, seemed to be deeply offended at not just that, but also, I mean, she'd sentenced somebody to five years in prison for a felony gun charge alone. I don't think she liked the idea that Hunter should skate on a couple of tax charges.

Donald Trump: Well, she's a brilliant woman and somebody that is very highly respected and a lot of people thought it would be a rubber stamp and it turned out not to be a rubber stamp at all.

Chris Stigall: I want to ask you about --

Donald Trump: I guess it was inappropriate.

Chris Stigall: Yeah.

Donald Trump: The things that she saw these -- these were very unusual. As they said, nobody's ever seen anything like this before, that kind of a settlement and she was not -- she was not happy about it.

Chris Stigall: There's news today, um, you know, it comes from MSNBC so I consider the source, but they're, uh, giddily reporting, sir that, uh, another indictment may come your way. I know you're expecting it anyway. But, um, do you have any information that way?

Donald Trump: Well, these are horrible people. Uh, they indict you for nothing because of the election because, I'm leading by so, much and I'm leading Biden by so much. And nobody's called election interference. They keep indicting you and there's never been anything like this. I've been indicted for nothing and, uh, we take them and the public understands, this is a way to try and demean the opponent, hurt the opponent in any way possible, and the opponent has gotten stronger.

Donald Trump: You saw my numbers have gone up. People look at this, this is a January 6, uh, and we could have one coming down from Atlanta someday, which is a perfect phone call, absolutely perfect phone call. You've seen it. And they indict and it's a -- it's a disgrace. Never happened in the history of our country before.

Donald Trump: These are very dishonorable people. This is a very corrupt group of people, the most corrupt group ever. And we'll see if that happens because our defense on that is so good. But I will tell you that it's never happened. No -- the lawyers can't even believe it. They say it's not possible to be indicted on this, but they'll try and find a way to do it I guess.

Donald Trump: So, we'll see what happens. I really don't know if that's true or not. We'll see what happens.

Chris Stigall: Sir, may I just ask, generally, just as a human being, man to man, um, you have the resources and the means to continue to fight this. Most people would not. And I just as a human being have to ask you, why do you continue to do this? Because I think most of us would -- would have folded and I've even heard people float the idea that you'd be left alone entirely, if you'd just drop out, you'd just quit and go away, but you don't do that.

Chris Stigall: You keep fighting. I think other people would just be exhausted. They would be financially drained. You soldier on. Why do you do it, sir?

Donald Trump: Well, that's why people like me, because I do fight and I fight for the country. I'm not fighting for myself, I'm fighting for the country. We did a great job. We made America great even after COVID, we built it back a second time and handed over a very good thing to these people who have destroyed it. Absolutely, with their open borders and millions and millions of people coming in from jails and prisons and mental institutions and terrorists pouring into our country.

Donald Trump: What they're allowing to happen to our country is unbelievable. Then they created their own inflation through energy. I mean the energy was so impossible to get, everything else went up. And, yeah, people just absolutely dying with inflation so high and it's really bad. And very simply, I love our country, I do it because of our country.

Donald Trump: I don't do it for me because my life -- you tell me I'm being indicted today and I -- and if I -- by the way, if I weren't running, or if I weren't doing so well in the polls, I wouldn't have an indictment. There'd be no indictment. They wouldn't be after me.

Chris Stigall: That's -- that's what I wonder.

Donald Trump: -- after somebody else.

Chris Stigall: Do you believe that if --

Donald Trump: Whoever it is, they'd go after -- They're crazy.

Chris Stigall: If you announced today, I'm done, I'm dropping out. Do you think they'd leave you alone?

Donald Trump: The hatred is pretty deep, in my case. You know, I beat them badly with Hillary and I beat them a second time, and they know it. I beat him a second time and did actually much better the second time than I did the first, and that was a rigged election and it was a disgrace. And now I'm leading by a lot and I'll be able to straighten out the country very quickly.

Donald Trump: We'll close up the borders, we'll drill for oil, we'll get energy way down, inflation will go down, interest rates will go down and everybody's going to be happy. We'll strengthen up that border. We have to strengthen it up fast and we'll rebuild our military. I rebuilt it, but we've used so much of our military.

Donald Trump: We gave 85 billion to Afghanistan, if you can believe that. We just gave them $85 billion and we have no ammunition according to Biden. He said this, you know, we have very little ammunition left because we've given it to Ukraine and other places, but mostly Ukraine. And that's -- that's a tough -- that's a tough road when you think of it. That's a tough road.

Chris Stigall: Mr. President, may I ask you about -- Yeah.

Donald Trump: So, what we can do --

Chris Stigall: Sorry, go ahead.

Donald Trump: -- is we'll -- we'll redo it again, Chris. We'll redo it again. We'll do it properly. I'm leading in the polls by 30, 40 points. And, uh, nobody's actually ever seen anything. And when these guys do these fake indictments, it's a disgrace. It's -- it'll come back on them. But when they do that, it drives me up in the polls because the people understand it.

Chris Stigall: I've had a prominent Democrat tell me that they would support you leading a ticket running alongside RFK Jr. A prominent Democrat told me that personally, would you ever entertain partnering with a guy like RFK Jr., or what do you make of his candidacy and his rise amongst Democrats?

Donald Trump: Well, I think he did very well, and is doing very well. He's over 20 percent. I saw something today, 21 percent, and that's an amazing thing against a sitting president as bad as he is. I mean against the sitting president, 21 percent is very big. And then you have somebody else that's close to ten, so that's 31 percent.

Donald Trump: So, I don't know that Biden will be the president, I think -- I think this Hunter Biden thing is very bad, and I think that, uh, I think he's a bad president, what can I say. He's the worst president in history. He's supplanting -- he supplants now, Jimmy Carter. He's horrible. So, what's happened is, uh, a lot of people, by the way, so many people have asked me that question.

Donald Trump: You know, I know him and he's a nice guy. I've always gotten along with him well and, uh, he's got some little quirky views and he's got some good views on things. But -- but I know him well. It's -- you know, I look at -- I look at everything. We have to win. If we don't win, this country is finished. I really believe it. So many people come up to me, sir, if you don't win, our country is finished.

Donald Trump: And I happen to believe that our country will -- will -- I don't know, it's -- when you say finished, it's a strong word, but I think in a certain -- in a certain way our country is finished. This is -- this is the most important election we've ever had.

Chris Stigall: Kellyanne Conway said that, uh, keep that center podium warm for Donald Trump. She has every reason to believe that you will show up and you will debate. Uh, was she correct? Or do you anticipate you'll debate in August for this first one?

Donald Trump: Well, I haven't made a decision, but in a lot of ways debating would be stupid. You know, I've done very well in the debates. A lot of people say I got there because of the debates, but you know when you're leading by 40, 50 points and your competition, much of it is at zero; zero, one, two, three percent.

Donald Trump: In a way, it's unfair that you debate and that they get to, you know, they didn't deserve to really be there and try and pummel you and ask you for questions that are answers to everything. But, you know, some questions are put in a way that we can never really answer them well, there are those questions you understand what I'm talking about.

Chris Stigall: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: And, you know, I have a somewhat hostile network in all fairness. So, do I get on for a hostile network, get ratings for everybody because they'd have big ratings, and a lot of people say, if I don't go on, they're not going to get any ratings. I sort of tend to believe that, look at the group. But, you know, uh, I haven't made that decision.

Donald Trump: Kellyanne, I think, would like to see me do it. Many people say you shouldn't do it because what are you going to do go to a 51 point lead instead of a 50 point lead? And, uh -- and you can also go down, and why would you give somebody -- why would you give hostile people in a hostile network that shot? So, that's -- that's out there too.

Donald Trump: But I did that before. You know, I debated very, very -- under great hostility, uh, the last time and the first time.

Chris Stigall: Thank you, Mr. President. Have a great day ahead.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Have a good time, bye.