Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-campaign-town-hall-oaks-pennsylvania-october-14-2024

Kristi Noem: Welcome, President Trump. [Audience chants "USA"]

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. This is a nice crowd.

Kristi Noem: Yes, they love you. You know why, it's because they recognized, sir, that you're the one who fights for them, you're the one who protects them.

Donald Trump: And you know what else? They fight for themselves. And they've been fighting for a long time. And we're going to make your fight easier. It's very important. We're going to make it easier because what's happened to our country in the last almost four years now, it's hard to believe. But if you look at the borders, if you look at inflation, you look at the Afghanistan disaster, the most embarrassing time in the history of our country, I think the most embarrassing moment in the history of our country, Afghanistan, the way they did not -- getting out -- I was getting out with dignity strength -- the way they got out was the most embarrassing thing that ever happened -- probably led to Putin going into Ukraine.

Donald Trump: He looked at it, and he said, "These people aren't very good. Are they?" He would have never done that with me. So, you know, we're all in this together. We got to win the election, November 5th.

Kristi Noem: Yes. And sir, he has never yet called those Gold Star families to express his grief for the people and the soldiers that we lost that day. And who controls that airstrip now?

Donald Trump: China.

Kristi Noem: China. [Audience boos] Yes.

Donald Trump: No, they have -- you know, China took over. And one of the things -- get out -- we were there like for 20 years. I said, "What are we doing here?" So, we get the hell out. But you know I had a talk with the Taliban and we didn't lose one soldier in 18 months until this catastrophe happened when they took over.

Donald Trump: But you know, one of the things, we -- aside from everything else, we left -- we spent billions of dollars years ago to build a big air base. And you knew that one from your own time.

Kristi Noem: I did. Yes, I did.

Donald Trump: A big one, a really good one, powerful runways, long runways. And you know what happened. I'll tell you. They gave it up. And it was one hour away from where China built -- forget about Afghanistan. One hour away from where China builds its nuclear weapons. Would have been very nice to have -- and China now occupies that air base. So, it's terrible, it's terrible.

Kristi Noem: It is. Mr. President, as you can see, we've got a lot of American patriots here tonight who want to ask you some questions.

Donald Trump: Good.

Kristi Noem: If you don't mind, we'll move into that portion of the town hall tonight. And let's go to our first question. Our first question is going to be from a man named Reed. And Reed, I'm not certain where you are.

Donald Trump: Where's Reed? There he is. Hi, Reed.

Kristi Noem: There he is, over there.

Donald Trump: Nice-looking guy.

Question: And Reed, I believe you're a Navy SEAL, correct?

Question: No.

Kristi Noem: No. OK, I got that wrong. All right. Thank you very much.

Question: Good evening, Mr. President. My name is Reed. I'm a single father and Iraq War veteran. I dream of owning a home for me and my son. But mortgage rates under the Biden-Harris administration have made that impossible. What can you do to help make homeownership affordable again?

Donald Trump: All right. Good. It's a great question, and a lot of people have this question. First of all, it's too expensive to build the homes, and they're building them and they cost a fortune. And 30 percent of the cost in some locations is the cost of, like, planning and certificates. And all a lot of nonsense, they do, they make you go through hell and it takes years to get them, zoning approvals, all of the approvals you need.

Donald Trump: We're going to get rid of a lot of that, but most importantly, we're going to get interest rates brought way down. You know, we were -- we had interest rates at 2 percent. And now, they're 10 percent and you can't get the money. We had 2 percent. And there was plenty of money for everybody. And you know I called the home part of the American dream.

Donald Trump: We're going to create the American dream for young people and for older people, too, by the way. We're not going to forget -- I mean, I happen to be a very young man, but we're not going to forget the older people. We're not going to forget the older people. By the way, no tax on Social Security benefits for the older people -- for those.

Donald Trump: I guess, you know somebody said, "Oh, he's got a conflict of interest because he benefits by that. I'll give mine up if I, you know, save tax. But no, we're going to do that for the older people. That's a big deal because you've been eaten alive with inflation and all I'm doing is getting you back to even.

Donald Trump: I think when we do that we're probably just getting you -- you know, you have fixed income and you went up numbers like 30 percent, 40 percent, 50 percent depending on what they include, you know, they like to say it was a 20 percent increase. It wasn't. It was 30 percent, 40 percent, and 50 percent, depending on what they want to include, so we're going to do that.

Donald Trump: But Reed, getting back to you, we're going to drill, baby, drill. We're going to have so much energy, and we're going to bring prices down because you know your prices are up. Don't forget the damage is done. We have the worst president and the worst vice president in the history of our country by far.

Donald Trump: And let me tell you she is worse than him. And he's actually -- I didn't think I'd ever say this about anybody. She's actually -- you take a look at it. She's more dangerous than him, but he's actually smarter than her. I never thought I'd say that. I never thought I'd say that. But look, we're going to get it down, we're going to drill, we're going to get the energy down.

Donald Trump: When the energy comes down, prices are going to come down. All of that prices -- because you know? When they say, oh -- although they had very bad inflation numbers last month, you saw that, very, very bad inflation numbers despite the big -- you know, they did this big drop. Probably too big a drop, I'm not going to get into that.

Donald Trump: But we're going to get the prices down. Because the damage has been done, if we had no inflation now, such damage has been done, the highest -- in my opinion, the biggest inflation in the history of our country. They didn't include a lot of the bad numbers. I'll give you an example, on housing and on different things -- like crime statistics are fake.

Donald Trump: They were fake statistics. They didn't include some cities that were really bad. So, the crime looked like it was just bad as opposed to being horrific. Jobs, 818,000 fake jobs they added, and they padded the job numbers a couple of months ago, so that they'd look better on jobs. They were fake, they were fraudulent jobs.

Donald Trump: And they thought they'd announce the real numbers after the election. But we had a whistleblower or somebody that let it out, so they cheated us on -- think of that 818,000 jobs, they cheated. You know, usually, when you have those numbers, it's 9,000 jobs off. This is almost a million jobs off. It's not even possible.

Donald Trump: So, we're going to bring things. And Reed, you're going to buy that house and you're going to pay 2.5 percent, 3 percent interest. And you're going to say, "I love this guy" because interest rates, Reed, will follow as the energy goes down. And I made another commitment. I made it over the last month, I've been making it.

Donald Trump: We have more liquid gold under our feet than Saudi Arabia, than Russia, than any other country. I'm going to bring down your energy costs 50 percent in the first year, 5-0, 50 percent. And I better do it because I'm all over the place saying -- I'm going to have problems if I don't get it done. But we have all the capacity to do it.

Donald Trump: Nobody else can make that statement. We have so much energy, we don't even use it. We get energy from Venezuela, they don't have good oil. You know they have tar, they have tar that you have to liquefy. And you know where they do it? In Houston, Texas, because that's where we have the plant. It's the only plant in the world that can do it.

Donald Trump: We do it in Houston. So, for the environmentalists out there, this is not a pretty picture of what flows into the air, right? But we're going to use our beautiful liquid gold. And when we get everything else down houses, everything's going to come. It's going to be beautiful. You're going to have a house, just wait a little while.

Donald Trump: Give me a little while, let me get in. One year from January 20th, we will have your energy prices cut in half all over the country.

Kristi Noem: Thank you. And Mr. President, in reference to Reed and his family, he's not in a unique situation. Sixty-five percent of Americans today cannot buy a home. That has dramatically changed under the Biden-Harris administration. And Kamala Harris has embraced the policies that made home ownership disappear and disappear and take away that opportunity from Reed and his family and 65 percent of Americans today.

Kristi Noem: Listen, the American dream is still to own your own home. And now, that is not possible because of what they've embraced. And you talked about liquid gold. If any state understands liquid gold and American energy, it's Pennsylvania.

Donald Trump: Yeah, the Commonwealth. Make sure --

Kristi Noem: Yes, the Commonwealth.

Donald Trump: Make sure, you know --

Kristi Noem: The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.

Donald Trump: By the way, this is a really great governor, a very successful governor. She read some of the numbers. I -- and I thought she would because why not? Nobody else will do it, but I will.

Kristi Noem: I did it fast.

Donald Trump: Because I do it for my friends. No, you did it beautifully, too.

Kristi Noem: Fast.

Donald Trump: She has done a fantastic job as governor. And I will say this, I went to school here. You never -- I just want to forewarn her because I've seen it happen and it's career-threatening. Don't ever call it a state, it's a Commonwealth. And I was saying oh --

Kristi Noem: Lesson learned.

Donald Trump: Has somebody -- because a lot of innocent lambs have come up, and they start talking to the people of Pennsylvania. I love you people, I know you so well. I'm here all the time. I'm here all the time. But yeah, I went to school here. I went to the Wharton School, the great Wharton School of Finance, and they were great.

Donald Trump: It's a great place. It's a great place. But I went to college here. So never ever even think -- I watched one man crash and burn. He kept calling it the state. I kept saying it's the Commonwealth. And by the time the evening -- I think his political career ended there. So, go ahead.

Kristi Noem: Sir, tonight, we have some special guests in the audience. We have a Gold Star family that is with us tonight. Mary and Charles Strange are here.

Donald Trump: Great.

Kristi Noem: Where are they?

Donald Trump: Where are they?

Kristi Noem: Oh, here they are. Sir, they're behind us over here to the left.

Donald Trump: Oh, come on up here. Come on up.

Kristi Noem: They lost their son, Michael.

Donald Trump: Come on up.

Kristi Noem: Come on up here.

Donald Trump: It's a little harder to get up since I got shot. They've made it more difficult. Perhaps that's the way it's supposed to be.

Kristi Noem: Sir, they lost their son, Michael.

Donald Trump: Hello. How are you? [off-mic]

Kristi Noem: Did you want to say anything?

Donald Trump: Under Obama is right, under Obama. Please, on behalf of your son.

Charles Strange: I would ask Mr. President, my son was killed August 6th, 2011 with 29 other men. It was the biggest loss of life in the Iraq and Afghan war. It was the biggest loss of life in a single day in the history of America, 22 of the men were Navy Special warfare. Till to this day, we still haven't gotten any answers.

Charles Strange: I was wondering -- I'm begging you. We would like a congressional hearing.

Donald Trump: So, here's what we're going to do, in the first week -- let me have it, not the first day because I made a lot of promises in the first day. We're going to drill, baby, drill. We're going to close up the border. We're going to do a lot in the first day. In the first week, we will set up a commission.

Donald Trump: We're going to find out -- because so many people in your same position, they want to know what happened, why did it happened to their son or daughter. And we're going to do that within the first week. So, you get ready to come over to the White House. OK? All right?

Charles Strange: Thank you, Mr. President. Can I say one more thing? I want to let America know, June 2017, President Trump and his wife had me and my wife bring 20 Gold Stars to the White House. Him and his wife stayed the whole time. They had food, drinks. They did a candle ceremony for us. President Trump stood up every time, saluted the Gold Star parents.

Donald Trump: That was both a celebration, a remembrance, it was -- it had all emotion, right? There were every -- they were happy, they were sad, they were devastated, but they remembered their beautiful boy, right?

Charles Strange: Yes.

Donald Trump: Their beautiful boy, and we're not going to forget -- we're going to find out what happened, we're going to do that within the first week. And you have my word, OK?

Charles Strange: Thank you, President Trump.

Donald Trump: Thanks, Charles. [Audience chants "Trump"] Thank you.

Kristi Noem: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: What a nice couple.

Kristi Noem: Mary and Charles' daughter, Rachel, is also here tonight. She is Michael's sister. So, thank you, Rachel, for coming tonight, too. And God bless you and your family.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Kristi Noem: Thank you for your service and your sacrifice.

Donald Trump: Thank you, darling. Thank you. That's tough stuff.

Kristi Noem: Yes. Thank you for your commitment to --

Donald Trump: And like what we were discussing in Afghanistan with the 13 family members, they feel that bad things happened, stupid things happened. And you hate for that to be, and it's your son or your daughter, [crosstalk].

Kristi Noem: They deserve answers.

Donald Trump: It should have never happened in Afghanistan. I can tell you that, the 13 that died. And you know, they don't mention, there were many people wounded, too. And I mean, seriously wounded with the legs and the arms and the face. And we're going to give them everything they want. I've gotten to know those families. Thanks.

Kristi Noem: Thank you, sir. Sir, our next question tonight is from Angelina, who I believe is right here. If you want to come forward, Angelina.

Donald Trump: Hi, Angelina.

Question: Hi. Good evening, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Let me stand up for you. Go ahead.

Question: My name is Angelina, and I was raised in a Philadelphia Democrat household, a union household. As a blended -- as a mother of a blended family, my top issues are the same issues that face all Americans. Illegal immigration hurts Black Americans, inflation hurts Black Americans, and dangerous cities hurt Black Americans.

Question: Like my fellow Americans, my grocery bill has not gone down. Everything is still so very expensive. What steps will your administration take to help American families suffering from this inflation?

Donald Trump: So, you know it's such a great question in the sense that people don't think of grocery. You know, it sounds like not such an important word when you talk about homes and everything else, right? But more people tell me about grocery bills where the price of bacon, the price of lettuce, the price of tomatoes, they tell me, and we're going to do a lot of things.

Donald Trump: You know, our farmers aren't being treated properly. And we had a deal with China, and it was a great deal. I never mentioned it because once COVID came in, I said that was a bridge too far -- because I had a great relationship with President Xi. And he's a fierce man and he's a man that likes China -- and I understand that.

Donald Trump: But we had a deal, and he was perfect on that deal, $50 billion, he was going to buy. We were doing numbers like you wouldn't believe for the farmer, but the farmers are very badly hurt, the farmers in this country. We're going to get them straightened out, we're going to get your prices down. But you asked another question about safety and also about Black population jobs and Hispanic population, in particular, those two.

Donald Trump: So, when millions of people pour into our country, they're having a devastating effect on Black families and Hispanic families more than any others. I think it's going to spread to a lot of other places. I think it's going to spread to unions. I think unions are going to have a big problem because, you know, employers are just not going to pay the price they're going to -- and it's going to be -- it's a very bad thing that's happening.

Donald Trump: So, they're coming in -- many are coming in from jails and prisons and mental institutions, insane asylums, that's like, you know, a step above, right, insane asylum. And whenever I go Hannibal Lecter, you know what I'm talking about, they always go the fake news. That's a lot of fake news back there, too. [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: They always mention -- you know, it's a way of demeaning. They say, "Hannibal Lecter, why would he mention -- well, you know why? Because he was a sick puppy," and we have sick puppies coming into our country. I figure that's a lot -- that's better than wasting a lot of words. You just say Hannibal Lecter, we don't want him.

Donald Trump: But they always sort of say, "Why would he say that?" I do it for a lot of reasons, but I do it because we are allowing some very bad people into our country, and they're coming as terrorists, you know? You saw the other day, last month, they had the record number of terrorists. I had a month -- and I love Border Patrol.

Donald Trump: Did you see they gave me a full endorsement two days ago? The Border Patrol, and they're great, And you know, they want to do their job. They don't want to let these people come in, they look at them, they can tell -- they could look at somebody and say good, bad. They say what's coming into our country now, it's having a huge, negative impact on Black families and on Hispanic families, and ultimately on everybody.

Donald Trump: And we're going to close that border so tight, it's going to be closed. And I said the two things I'm going to do, first, we're going to close that border, and people are going to come in -- you want people to come in, we need people to come in. People are going to come into our country legally. You know, it's so unfair.

Donald Trump: You have people that are waiting on a system, on a line, and they've been waiting in this line. You know how long for years, 10 years, 12 years, and they study and they take tests. And then people come -- I actually say, "Why don't you just go in the -- just come on across." I tell people that, it's terrible, right? I said, "Go out, you're incredible."

Donald Trump: They say, "What can I do to speed up the process?" I say, "You know what? Go to the southern border. I'll see you on the other side." It's so unfair, but we're going to have them come in legally. You have to see what they have to do. They take tests -- and you know who is the first one here. What date was this? What does 1776 mean? What -- all this stuff.

Donald Trump: And these other people are coming in -- and they're affecting the school systems and they're affecting the hospital system. I mean, if you take a look at what's going on in Springfield, Ohio, a town of 50,000 people, they've just added 32,000 people, illegal immigrants. And we're not going to put up with it, and we're going to take care of -- your costs are going to come down, and you're not going to have a problem with -- because the biggest problem -- and I'm hearing it from Black people -- and to a lesser extent right now, but it will be the same, Hispanic people.

Donald Trump: And I'll tell you what, our poll numbers have gone through the roof with Black and Hispanic -- have gone through the roof. And I like that, I like that, I like that. So, we're going to take care of it. You will be -- I'll tell you, if everything works out, if everybody gets out and votes on January 5th or before -- you know it used to be -- you'd have a date.

Donald Trump: Today, you can vote two months before, probably three months after, they don't know what the hell they're doing. But we're going to straighten it all out. We're going to straighten that out, too. We're going to straighten our election process out, too. That's going to be important also. So, thank you very much, darling.

Question: Thank you.

Donald Trump: We're going to get it straight. Thank you.

Kristi Noem: Thank you. Angelina. Mr. President, we had in the last year over 800,000 Americans lose their jobs in this country. But 1.2 million noncitizens took those jobs. They're filling the jobs that Americans could have to provide for their families, and Kamala Harris has been in charge of this border. She is the one who has been the border czar, who has facilitated this invasion.

Kristi Noem: I've always called it an invasion [Audience boos] and a war zone down there because we see the criminals and the terrorists coming across.

Donald Trump: It is an invasion like we've never seen before. And you know, if it was an invasion of people that deserved to come in or that will love the country, it will be great. You know, she used to go around saying, "They don't commit crime." Have you seen the gang from Venezuela, what they've done in Aurora, Colorado, where --

Kristi Noem: It's only a few, according to Martha Raddatz.

Donald Trump: Yeah, they said it's only a few. It's only a few.

Kristi Noem: According to Martha, "Oh, it's just a few apartment buildings."

Donald Trump: And by the way, it's hundreds all over the country. And they're like me, they're in the real estate business, but they take it over with rifles. They take it over with a level of sophistication because you know a lot about guns from where you come and you like it, and I'm a big protector of the Second Amendment.

Donald Trump: We've gotten totally endorsed -- and if you think that's easy, it's not easy, but the NRA gave me total endorsement. I assume you got total endorsement. We have no choice. We have to have it. I mean, especially when you have -- you know, it's amazing. These radical left lunatics, they want everybody to come into our country.

Donald Trump: Many of those people are criminals. And then they want to also take your guns away simultaneously. They don't want your guns, but they want them to come in. [Audience boos] So, you need it for protection. You know, if somebody knows that you have a gun in your house, they say, "Let's go after somebody else."

Donald Trump: People put signs, you know, this gun or -- we have -- some of them actually spelled the kind of a gun they have. We have an AK-47 inside. And people say, "You know what? Let's just" -- and I knew about an AK-47 from a few weeks ago and the AR-15, I know about that one, too. I know a lot. But you know what? You have a lot of bad people out there, and you can't -- you know, it just can't be a one-way street.

Donald Trump: You know, one thing, if -- because she wants to take your guns away. If you take them away, the bad guys are not giving them up. That's the only thing. I don't think the good people are giving them up either, you want to know the truth. But the bad guys, the bad guys are not giving up their guns. That's the only thing I know for certain, right?

Kristi Noem: That's true. You're true. You're -- JD Vance did a fantastic job on Sunday morning, calling out the fake news.

Donald Trump: Is he doing a good job?

Kristi Noem: Yes. For how They're trying to diminish the devastation that's going on in some of these communities. And Kamala Harris has facilitated losing 300,000 children as well since she's been in charge of the border. I always say that they're not missing children, that they are trafficked and kidnaped and murdered children because they've come across that border, and we have no idea where those children are and we know how devastating it is, what's happening to their lives right now, with what she's facilitating.

Donald Trump: I think that -- you know all bad numbers, we have a lot of bad numbers. There's so much bad happened in this administration. It's disgraceful. You know, as an example, there'd be no war with Russia and Ukraine. There's no way -- I get along very well with Putin. I got -- I fully understand what's happening.

Donald Trump: It was the apple of his eye. He used to talk about it. But I said, "You're not going in," and he wasn't going in. It's only because of Biden. He looked at this guy, he can't even believe it. But the same with Ukraine. I got along very well with Zelenskyy, very well. In fact, he came to New York two weeks ago.

Donald Trump: He came to see me, and I got along very well with him. I'm going to negotiate that thing out. That is now a death trap. You have cities that are all down. Those gorgeous, golden domes, those magnificent domes are laying on their side all busted up after -- I don't know, they're a thousand years old or something, the heritage -- what's happened there.

Donald Trump: But many more people are killed than they're reporting. They knocked down -- that was my business. They have apartment houses that are really -- they're like three blocks, city blocks long, not that tall, but pretty tall, and they are big, and they knocked it down with a missile, and they say two people were slightly injured.

Donald Trump: You know, a lot of people -- the number of people dying in the Ukraine-Russia war is a far greater number than anybody knows. And Biden has done nothing about it. He hasn't even spoken to Putin in over a year -- know nothing about it. And this is a war that has to end, and we're going to get that war ended.

Donald Trump: I'm going to try -- and I think I can -- get it ended as president-elect. In other words, before I even take over the White House. Got to stop the people from dying. They said to me, "Well, whose side are you on?" I was interviewed by fake news, CNN, you know, fake news. Uh-oh, their camera just went off, their camera just went off. [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: No, no, their camera just went off, OK. It always happens. Whenever I point to them, they -- immediately they turn off because they know it. But I was -- Caitlin Collins, a nice person. But Caitlin Collins is interviewing me and she said, "Well, whose side are you on?" I said, "It's not a question of sides. I want people to stop dying. That's all. I want people to stop dying."

Donald Trump: And you know, it was a very interesting thing because it was a CNN, it was like -- there's a smaller room, much smaller. This is a big room.

Kristi Noem: It's a big room.

Donald Trump: This is a very big room, but it was a much smaller room, but they had all people in there from CNN Within the first five minutes, they were totally on my side because it's common sense, and we're now the party of common sense. I say it, we're conservative, but we're the party of common sense. We need walls, we want good education, we want low interest rates.

Donald Trump: We want to be able to buy a house. We want jobs. And you know what, we want a strong military. I rebuilt our entire military. And we want a strong military, and ideally, a strong military that we don't have to use. Isn't that even better? We'll have a strong military. If we don't have to use it, that's even better.

Kristi Noem: I love it, I love it. So, Mr. President, let's get back to our questions. We have Jani [ph] who's waiting to ask you a question, has been waiting a long time.

Donald Trump: Hi, Jani.

Kristi Noem: Jani, welcome. Just give him one second. Here they come, right behind you.

Question: Thank you. All right. Thank you for being here today, Mr. President --

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Question: To answer questions from all the voters of Pennsylvania and just to work hard and show support, I appreciate that.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Question: I'm a small business owner in Lansdale. I have a small breakfast, lunch restaurant, coffee corner. And to be honest, Mr. President, I really, you know, am praying for you to get in there and change the policies. Ever since the gas prices started spiking, I noticed literally everything started spiking, from deliveries to services, goods, even maintenance, overall maintenance.

Question: Everything just spiked up. And it's really hurting small businesses, small business owners, and those who work within them. So, my question is what's your plan to help bring common sense back and help small businesses that got destroyed by Democrats after COVID and the Biden administration?

Donald Trump: So, great, because small businesses are actually bigger than big businesses when you add them all up, and it's very important. And it sounds like yours -- I would love your food. I can tell by looking at that guy. I think I'd like to go over there. If I'm over there, I'm going to stop there. The fact is that, you know, they want to get away from gas.

Donald Trump: And I have friends that are into the cooking world, I'm not. I just like to eat, but they're into the cooking. And I don't know how you feel. It sounds like you -- they feel that you really -- gas is much better than the electric for cooking, right? And they have this thing about -- you know, they want to put gas out of business, right? No gas.

Donald Trump: You know the amazing thing? We don't have electric in this country, but we have all the gas you can use. We have all the -- we have oil and gas, that's what we have. And even the cars, if you look, they want to go with all-electric cars. California is having blackouts every week, brownouts, blackouts.

Donald Trump: And then they come up with rules and regulations to go to all-electric, but they can't even supply what they have. It's so nuts. We're going to get, number one, your utility cost. You heard me say it before, your cost will be down, and we're getting rid of all the -- if you want electric, great. And if you want gas, great.

Donald Trump: The only thing you can't have is a hydrogen car, right? You heard me say that, right, because you know what happens? They have a new car, and they say it's great, but it's got one problem. You know what the problem is? Every once in a while, one will blow up. And if it does blow up and you happen to be inside of it, you're in bad luck because you're not recognizable.

Donald Trump: Do you know that? It's the new thing, hydrogen? I said, "No, thank you. I don't want it. I don't want it." They called the wife, "That's not my husband." "Oh, yes, it is." It's no good. So, if we get your energy cost, your energy costs will be down by 50 percent, your interest is going to come down, and people are going to start to make -- not only you -- people will have more money to go to your restaurant.

Donald Trump: You're going to have a great business. And you know, during COVID, I was the one that worked out the loans. I don't know if you got one, but everybody -- so many people got millions of -- small businesses. And Linda McMahon was the head of Small Business Administration, which was a big business, but she was the head and she was phenomenal.

Donald Trump: Linda McMahon was phenomenal. So many people tell me about her that she was one of the best secretaries, but Linda McMahon was in charge -- and they loaned millions of -- billions of dollars out to people with small businesses, and it was the greatest investment we made. It stopped us from going into a 1929 depression, which is exactly what we would have had. And she did a fantastic job.

Kristi Noem: Yeah, she did it. She did a fantastic job.

Donald Trump: We're going to get your costs way down. Thank you. Thank you.

Kristi Noem: Yes. Mr. President, my state, I always tell people, it's hot in the summer, it's cold in the winter, and it's a long ways to drive anywhere, which I think a lot of Americans are experiencing that, no matter what, you're energy-dependent. And since Joe Biden has been in the White House and Kamala Harris has supported every single one of his policies -- did you hear her on "The View?" Did you hear her say she wouldn't change a thing from what Joe Biden has done? [Audience boos] It has cost -- it's cost the average American family $4,500 just in energy costs, just in energy costs. [inaudible]

Donald Trump: OK, hold it, please.

Kristi Noem: Oh, we have some --

Donald Trump: A doctor, please, doctor. Thank you very much. We have incredible people that come here hours before, and it's a little hot. So, we -- they're with us all the way. We got to respect them. And you take your time, Doctor. Take your time. Thank you very much. We always have great doctors in the audience.

Donald Trump: We've never had too much of a problem. Look at the quality of care we have. It's incredible when you think, right? These people -- first responders. Our first responders are amazing, the way they can do things so beautifully and quickly. Thank you. We'll get it taken care of fast. A lot of it's pretty easy to take care of.

Donald Trump: Hardest thing is going to be the border, though, in terms of the people that have been let in, the people that have been let into this country, what they're doing, where do they come from, what are they doing. What's their thought process when they allow a thing like that to happen? Let's wait till they take care of this incredible person who, I guarantee you, is a great patriot.

Donald Trump: I guarantee it. Everybody in this room is a patriot. [Applause] [Audience member calls out "We love you, Trump."] Thank you, darling. Thank you. [Audience chants "Trump"] Some problems. Some problems. That looks a little bad. [Audience member calls out "We love you, Trump."] Thank you. That looks a little bit bad. [Off-mic]

Kristi Noem: [Off-mic]

Donald Trump: [Off-mic] Don't worry. We'll extend for a little time, OK? We're not going to lose time. We just want to make sure they're fine. This is a little bit of a tough one, I think, a little tough. [Audience sings "God Bless America"] You know, while we're waiting -- so we had a beautiful evening. And I don't know if they could get this song up quickly, but if they could work really quickly backstage while we're waiting, "Ave Maria."

Donald Trump: We had "Ave Maria" the other day in Butler, Pennsylvania. And Butler, we had 101,000 people. It was the most -- a celebration. Corey -- I call Corey the firefighter, the chief. He was great. And if they could play "Ave Maria," if you can get it, Justin, let's go if you can. It's a little quick notice.

Donald Trump: Ave Maria. Hey. Hey. Great. [Applause] We love that band. We love that band. It's so beautiful, though, right? Listen to that. It's nice. He's going to be OK. We have nice music. We're together. Not bad.

Kristi Noem: Yes.

Donald Trump: Not bad. Right? So beautiful.

Kristi Noem: Thank you, Mr. President. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you, everybody, very much.

Kristi Noem: Thank you, everybody, for your patience. Yes. We'll be praying for him. Yep. Thank you, sir. Sir, as we talk about how things have gotten harder under this administration and how Kamala Harris' policies have been so dangerous for the American people, there's someone here tonight who wanted an opportunity to ask you a question.

Kristi Noem: Her name is Heather. And Heather, would you please stand? She's right here, and she is so thrilled to be talking to you tonight, Mr. President.

Question: Good evening, President Trump. My name is Heather, and I was a registered Democrat for most of my life. [Audience boos] But not anymore.

Donald Trump: She's on our side.

Kristi Noem: Look at her now.

Question: Yes. I saw the light. I no longer identify with the Democratic Party. [Applause] They've put criminals and foreign enemies ahead of American citizens.

Donald Trump: True.

Question: The border is the issue of this election because if we can't secure the border, we won't have a country. We know that you're going to finish the wall, but how are you going to handle the deportation of criminals?

Donald Trump: So, if you've watched any of our last rallies, we have a Criminal Aliens Act of 1798. That's a long time ago. And it gives the president tremendous power to do what has to be done to secure our country. And you're right, you know. So, if you look at the polls, it says that the No. 1 issue is the economy.

Donald Trump: No. 2 is inflation. Let's even put them together. And No. 3 is the border. I disagree. I think I agree -- I do agree with you. The No. 1 issue this country has --

Kristi Noem: [Off-mic]

Donald Trump: [Off-mic]

Kristi Noem: [Off-mic]

Donald Trump: [Off-mic]

Kristi Noem: [Off-mic]

Donald Trump: [Off-mic] Thank you very much. Take your time, doctor. Got to be good. [Off-mic] Open the doors. I wish we could open those doors to outside. Take your time, doctor. [Off-mic] For security reasons, they can't. But you know what? I suggest open them because anybody comes through those doors, you know what's going to happen to him.

Kristi Noem: [Applause] It looks like, sir, she's on her feet and walking out. Let's encourage her.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you.

Kristi Noem: Let her know we'll be praying for her. And I know it's really warm in here. Everybody agrees that it's really warm in here. We've got a lot of people who love America. I'm going to ask that if you have a chair, maybe sit, so everyone around you can sit and still see the president and ask him questions. Maybe that will help us.

Donald Trump: And we can spend a little more time.

Kristi Noem: Yes.

Donald Trump: Personally, I enjoy this. We lose weight, you know. No. You lose weight. We could do this, lose four or five pounds. It's OK with me.

Kristi Noem: Kamala Harris is [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: But some people have been waiting here for two days for this. So, you know, it's a little bit tough. It's a little bit tough, but they're going to try and get those doors open.

Kristi Noem: Yes.

Donald Trump: And I don't know whose building this is, but if they had air-conditioning -- do you see any air-conditioning?

Kristi Noem: They probably can't afford it, sir, in this economy.

Donald Trump: That's right. They don't want to give us air-conditioning. It's too expensive. It costs too much. Anyway -- but they're both OK.

Kristi Noem: Yes.

Donald Trump: They're both in good shape.

Kristi Noem: That's wonderful.

Donald Trump: Would anybody else like to faint? Please raise your hand.

Kristi Noem: Let's do it now.

Donald Trump: Please raise your hand. You know what we could do, though? If my guys can do it, how about -- we'll do a little music. Let's make this a musical fest. Oh, lookie, lookie. Oh, that's great. That's great because it's nice and cool outside, right?

Kristi Noem: Yes.

Donald Trump: It's nice and cool. Why don't we do -- and I mean this. If my guys can hear me, two things. Put up the chart, my favorite chart, my all-time favorite chart. And let's listen to Pavarotti sing "Ave Maria." Can you hear that? They gave me the "Ave Maria" with no voice. There it is. That's my favorite piece of paper anywhere in the world.

Donald Trump: I sleep with it every night. I kiss it. I kiss it. And you see those numbers, by the way, for those that we talked about, you know, the border, when you're talking about the border. Look at the numbers. That was the lowest it ever was, right there. That was the last day I was in office. That's -- and we're going to get it lower than that.

Donald Trump: But we're going to let people come in. We're going to let people come in. So, very, very important. But there's a -- one of my most favorite. If I didn't turn to the right, I wouldn't be here with you right now.

Kristi Noem: Right.

Donald Trump: So, it's sort of a cruel world, but I was very proud of that before the fact. Now, even if it had lousy numbers, I would love that piece of paper a lot. So, put on Pavarotti singing "Ave Maria." Nice and loud. Turn it up louder. We want a little action here. Turn it up louder. For your boy. That's for your boy.

Donald Trump: That's for your boy. Stand up. That's for their boy.

Kristi Noem: It's beautiful.

Donald Trump: Let's not do any more questions. Let's just listen to music. Let's make it into our music. Who the hell wants to hear questions, right? Isn't that beautiful, though? It's just so beautiful. We played that in Butler, Pennsylvania. We had a moment of silence, and then we had the bells of Notre Dame go off, and then we had a great opera singer, Christopher, who was so incredible and a great, great opera singer.

Donald Trump: That's Pavarotti. Pavarotti, I guess, is -- I actually asked Christopher. I said, "Your voice is incredible. How does it compare to Pavarotti?" "No, no, no, sir. He was the maestro. He was the greatest of them all." And this man's voice, you all probably heard it, he was phenomenal. But he said, "No. No, no. Pavarotti was the greatest."

Donald Trump: Maybe, we'll play "Time to Say Goodbye" when we end, OK?

Kristi Noem: Yes. It sounds fantastic.

Donald Trump: All right. Do we want to do that?

Kristi Noem: Absolutely.

Donald Trump: Instead of your normal, like, rock out of the place, and then you're going to say, time to go. By then, you're going to go vote, and we're going to win the state of -- you know, we win Pennsylvania, we win the whole thing. [Applause]

Kristi Noem: Yes. That's right.

Donald Trump: We're going to win. We're going to win. If we win Pennsylvania, we're going to win the whole thing, right? So, it's going to really be something. We just had some numbers coming out of Virginia, which is great. We have numbers coming out of it. We win this commonwealth, we win the commonwealth of Pennsylvania, we are in clover, and then we're going to fix our country, and we're going to fix it fast.

Donald Trump: We're going to fix it fast. So, get that song done.

Kristi Noem: OK.

Donald Trump: Get that song ready.

Kristi Noem: Get that song pulled up.

Donald Trump: And when we leave, we're going to have a beautiful -- you could just sit. And by the way, when we leave, you don't have to go so fast. You could sit and listen. We'll play a couple of songs. Some of you will be a little warm, but that's OK. It's not a bad thing. And if you want, we're going to do that, but I think it would be beautiful. Don't you think? A little different.

Kristi Noem: I think it'd be amazing, sir.

Donald Trump: Nice to have -- isn't it a nice thing to have imagination? It's like when Kamala's teleprompter went out the other day, she was at 32 days. Did you see that?

Kristi Noem: I did.

Donald Trump: She loses teleprompters, and you wouldn't know that she lost it. Me, I always lose. You know, if you're a politician, you can count on 5% of the time, you lose a teleprompter, sometimes, really badly, like in the middle of a sentence. And you're saying, "Oh, that's a good -- " You got to have a good memory.

Donald Trump: If you don't have a good memory, you can't be much of a politician. They go out. Sometimes, if you're outside, the wind blows them down. I had one in Ohio. We had 45 mile-an-hour winds, and I said, "I'm going to lose these suckers." And within about the first two sentences, they were gone. They blew off the stand.

Kristi Noem: I remember that. I was at that rally.

Donald Trump: But Bernie Moreno, who's now doing very well, I understand, the senator, I think he's doing very well.

Kristi Noem: He is.

Donald Trump: But we'll listen to a couple of songs if you want, and that's OK with me. I like it. So, we'll do that. We'll do those songs that we had mentioned, Justin. And if Justin doesn't get it right, he gets fired, OK? Right?

Kristi Noem: Sir, I have a quote that I like a lot by John Wayne. It says, "Life is hard, but it's harder when you're stupid."

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Kristi Noem: I think that perfectly explains Kamala Harris, right?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Kristi Noem: Right, sir? Now our life has been hard because of her, but can you imagine what it's like to wake up as Kamala Harris, how hard life must be? My goodness.

Donald Trump: Well, we have to beat her.

Kristi Noem: We do.

Donald Trump: Look, we have to beat her. She's not for this job. Everybody knows it. Look, we're running against not her. We're running against a very powerful and a very corrupt machine. That's what it is.

Kristi Noem: That's right.

Donald Trump: She's just -- and the same thing with Joe Biden. Joe doesn't know where the hell he is. You know, when you talk about Biden, he got 14 million votes. He won the primary, and we had a debate. His numbers were very bad, and it looked like we're going to win. You don't know what's going to happen, but it looked like he was down substantially.

Donald Trump: They went to see him, and they said, "You're getting out." He said, "I don't want to get out. I won." "You're getting out." That was the overthrow of an American president. You could call it a coup, but I don't even call it that anymore because a lot of people say, "What the hell is a coup?" You can call it that, but it was really basically the overthrow of an American president.

Donald Trump: And frankly, she's doing horribly right now. You saw "60 Minutes," where they replaced her answer with another answer. She's doing horribly. I have a feeling he might have done better than her. Let's see what -- you have to see what the end is. Maybe they would -- maybe they made a good move. But when they talk about a threat to democracy, how about where they take a candidate who won fair and square, they throw them out, and they put up a woman who failed, was the first one to drop out of a field of 22, and got no votes? And this is the person we're running against, and she is not a smart woman.

Donald Trump: That's true. And we cannot -- we've had that for four years. We're not going to have it for another four years. We're not going to have it. [Applause]

Kristi Noem: That's right. So, we're not going to complain about things. We're going to fix them, right? We're not going to complain. We're going to fix them, and you are going to fix them right here in Pennsylvania by showing up and voting for President Donald John Trump. We're going to make America great again, right?

Donald Trump: [Applause] Those doors are open. That feels good.

Kristi Noem: It does.

Donald Trump: I feel it right now. I don't know who's out there trying to get in, but you know what? I feel -- doesn't that feel nice?

Kristi Noem: Yes.

Donald Trump: And you don't even have -- there's nothing like outdoors. You don't even have the cost of an air conditioner if they have them in this beautiful factory. Anyway, go ahead, please.

Kristi Noem: Yep. Well, sir, do you want to play your song, and then greet a few people? Or do you want to --

Donald Trump: [Off-mic]

Kristi Noem: Well, you had said you wanted to close with a specific song, or we can take two more fast questions.

Donald Trump: OK. Let's do a couple of my -- so, Justin, how about a couple of really beauties? And we'll sit down and relax. Let me just give you the bottom line, though. We win Pennsylvania, we win this great commonwealth, we are going to win the whole ballgame. It's such an important place. And we relate. And we are up in the polls fairly nicely, fairly nicely.

Donald Trump: But it's really important. And we're going to turn this country around. It's the greatest movement in the history of our country, MAGA, Make America Great Again. When Biden would go on -- he used to go on and say, "We will stop MAGA. We will stop -- " You know, remember with the purple background, the pink and purple? He looked like the devil, right? But she's worse than him.

Donald Trump: Remember it. But they would say, "We're going to stop MAGA." MAGA means Make America Great Again.

Kristi Noem: Great Again.

Donald Trump: I mean, what are you going to stop? And we are indeed going to make America great again. America has never -- we're a declining nation right now. We're a nation in decline, and we're not going to be in decline for long. Let me tell you, every country respected us four years ago. We were energy independent.

Donald Trump: We had everything. We're the greatest economy in the history of our country. We're going to bring it back bigger, better, and stronger than ever before. Go and vote. Let me hear that music, please. Let me hear that music.

Kristi Noem: Everyone, let's thank President Trump.

Donald Trump: Nice and loud.

Kristi Noem: God bless you. Let's send President Trump back to the White House.

Donald Trump: Thank you, everyone.

Kristi Noem: Thank you, everyone.

Donald Trump: So, this has been an honor tonight. We could do another question or two if you'd like, but probably -- do you want to do one? Do you want to go? Let's go. Let's go. You know, it's -- but it ends so beautifully. How about this? We'll play "Y.M.C.A.," and we'll go home. But listen, whatever you could do, get out there.

Donald Trump: We have to win. This is a -- this is the most important election in the history of our country. And you know what? I never thought I'd say it again. I said -- it was '16. We then fixed the border. We did everything. We had a great economy. It was good. For '20, we didn't have to say it. By the way, we got millions of more votes in '20 than we did in '16.

Donald Trump: But there's never been spirit that we've seen like this, and that's because we saw how bad they are. They are so bad, and frankly, they're evil. They're evil. What they've done, they've weaponized our elections. They've done things that nobody thought was even possible. So, we're going to go. We're going to vote.

Donald Trump: We're going to have a good time. We're going to make our country great. This is going to be -- I want this to be a really important evening. And those two people that went down are patriots, and we love them.

Kristi Noem: Yes.

Donald Trump: And because of them, we ended up with some good music, right? Right? So, play "Y.M.C.A." Go ahead. Let's go. Nice and loud.

Kristi Noem: Here we go, everybody.

Donald Trump: Nobody's leaving. What's going on? There's nobody leaving. Keep going. Keep going. Shouldn't we keep going? All right. Turn that music up. Turn it up. Great song.