Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-wayne-allyn-root-real-americas-voice-september-14-2024

Wayne Allyn Root: [begins while in progress] Wayne Allyn Root. This is my 16th interview with the greatest president of my lifetime.

Donald Trump: We'll have to cut back.

Wayne Allyn Root: This is going to be the best one ever. So, listen, all my fans at Real America's Voice heard I was going to be doing an interview with you, and they all sent me emails. I must have 5,000 emails. They all wanted me to open the interview with the same thing. Thank you. We love you and appreciate everything you've done for us.

Wayne Allyn Root: We appreciate the bullet you almost took for us. We appreciate four years of no salary in the White House. Your fans love you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. And they love you, too, and for good reason because you have a spirit, and you get it at the same time. You're both angry but a happy warrior, nevertheless, because you see what's happening with our country, where millions of people coming in from jails and from -- from -- you know, they take their -- their convicts off the street.

Donald Trump: They take their killers, their murderers, their drug dealers. They empty their jails, and they empty their mental institutions. And then, you add terrorists on top of it. And they're all being dumped into our country. And if you say it and you don't have a nice smile on your face, they say, "Oh, he's angry."

Donald Trump: You know, they were saying at the debate, I did well, but I looked angry. I said, "You're supposed to be angry. How can you be happy?" Twenty-one million people came into our country --

Wayne Allyn Root: Exactly. Exactly.

Donald Trump: From prisons, from jails, from mental institutions, and terrorists are pouring into our country. And you look at the crime rate of these countries all over the world, it's way down because they've given us -- they're criminals. And then, they say, why aren't you happy? I'm not thrilled, and you're not thrilled.

Wayne Allyn Root: Nobody's thrilled. Listen, it's -- we talk about fake news media. The biggest problem with the fake news media is they hide the truth of what's going on. So, when you mention at the debate the cats and the dogs being eaten in Haiti, I think it focused the attention of the nation, the real people. You know, like I'm an SOB, a son of a butcher, right?

Donald Trump: Right.

Wayne Allyn Root: My dad, the butcher, focused attention from the butchers, the bakers, and the candlestick makers on the problem of illegal immigration. They're taking over our cities, the gangs, Venezuelan, Haitian, MS-13.

Donald Trump: Well, what's happened there is incredible. You have a beautiful little town of around 50,000 people, and they put 25,000, 30,000 people there that come from a very different part of the world.

Wayne Allyn Root: Culture.

Donald Trump: And then, I watched some of the city officials were saying, "Yes, we're looking for interpreters. We're looking for teachers." They can't afford that, and they shouldn't be there. And you have to send them back. We can't take this. We can't do this as a nation anymore. And I know it's maybe sounds harsh to some people. And to some people, it sounds very smart.

Wayne Allyn Root: Smart.

Donald Trump: It is actually smart. But, you know, you're not going to teach them English. They have no English, they have no anything. And we're going to now -- they were looking for interpreters, they were looking for teachers so that they can teach them English. No, no. They have to leave, 100 percent of them have to leave.

Donald Trump: And they have to be very nicely brought back to their country. But we cannot have them in any other town either. And you have a similar problem but even more violent because you have Venezuelans that have guns that are military doesn't even have. I mean, they have AK-47 supreme. You know what supreme means? I mean, that's all the bells and whistles.

Wayne Allyn Root: Right. Like a Navy Seal almost, right?

Donald Trump: Yeah. You almost say -- maybe beyond.

Wayne Allyn Root: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And you almost say, "Where do they get this stuff?" And they're going into town. This is Aurora in Colorado, and you have a governor who's petrified. He's petrified, he's afraid to do anything. And he really can't because his party is saying leave them alone. But these people are taking over apartment buildings with guns. They're in the real estate business, right.

Wayne Allyn Root: But the city managers say you're lying, you're wrong.

Donald Trump: The city manager, well, you know, I've seen too many tapes.

Wayne Allyn Root: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's probably -- they're afraid they're going to hurt the image of the city. What hurts it more is what's happening, and, you know, people are going to be dying very soon. And this is happening in many -- these are two places, Springfield and Aurora. These are two really nice places until this happened.

Donald Trump: And they all came in. But this is happening in hundreds, probably thousands of different towns and cities --

Wayne Allyn Root: Right.

Donald Trump: Throughout our country. And we got to take them out and bring them back, and we have no choice. And I guess there'll be certain exceptions you can make, but I don't see a lot of them. But if you look at Springfield, where like 25,000, 30,000, they almost doubled their population, and they're looking for teachers. Instead of looking --

Wayne Allyn Root: It's madness.

Donald Trump: Instead of looking for people to help get them out.

Wayne Allyn Root: Right.

Donald Trump: And it's -- it's a terrible situation. Our country -- if I'm not elected, our country will never be the same. I can tell you that right now you know that maybe --

Wayne Allyn Root: I know that. Well, listen, we talk all the time about the crime of illegals, and they don't belong here and this and that. But what we don't talk about enough is that we spend my -- my understanding from a congressional committee was up to a half trillion a year on illegals at this point. That could be spent on Americans and homeless vets and military vets and mothers and fathers, parents. And we're not spending it on Americans.

Donald Trump: Well, how about New York City? So, for 20 years, I've been hearing they don't have much money to do things. And now, they're spending billions of dollars. And they're not getting it from the federal government, which is incredible. And they're spending billions. I'm saying, "Where did they get this money?" But they're spending billions of dollars on -- I hear different numbers.

Donald Trump: I hear 60,000 people. That's a lot. You know, that's filling up Yankee Stadium, in all fairness. I hear 120,000, I hear 200,000. I hear numbers probably closer to 200,000. But they're spending many billions of dollars. And amazingly, they seem to be able to get the money, and they're not getting it from the federal government, but --

Wayne Allyn Root: Because they're going broke. This is deficit spending.

Donald Trump: Sustain what's going on.

Wayne Allyn Root: Right.

Donald Trump: And more importantly, the crime that's happening. And, you know, when they corrected me in the debate because I said crime is at a level that we've never seen before, it turned out I was right.

Wayne Allyn Root: Yes, you were.

Donald Trump: And somebody over at the Justice Department, where they have the statistics like Donald Trump because the FBI said that actually crime was going down. But they didn't include places like Chicago --

Wayne Allyn Root: Right.

Donald Trump: They -- they didn't include various very, very bad cities in terms of crime. And they released the real numbers including everything. And, you know, murders are up like 40 percent, and muggings are up way through the roof. Every -- the numbers are the worst we've ever had. So, I turned out to be right.

Donald Trump: And I haven't had an apology, to the best of my knowledge, from ABC or the FBI.

Wayne Allyn Root: Well, you were right about abortion as well. The fact is there are states that allow abortion to the last minute of birth. That's a fact.

Donald Trump: And beyond.

Wayne Allyn Root: And beyond.

Donald Trump: OK, under certain circumstances, and beyond.

Wayne Allyn Root: But they don't fact check her ever even though she said nothing but lies.

Donald Trump: Including the potential vice president. Can you believe this guy --

Wayne Allyn Root: Incredible.

Donald Trump: Has the potential to become president. It's -- and he's a whack job. He is a whack. He's a crazy guy.

Wayne Allyn Root: Snitch hotline.

Donald Trump: Yeah, he's a bad -- and I think he's also a bad guy. I thought it was a terrible pick, we'll find out.

Wayne Allyn Root: Yeah.

Donald Trump: You know, if it's -- if she makes it, it was a good pick. Well, if she doesn't make it, I think it was a terrible pick. But I think it was a -- well, especially after you get to know him because there's something wrong with him.

Wayne Allyn Root: Well, you know that I'm Jewish, and the obvious pick would have been Josh Shapiro. But the Democrat Party could not pick a Jew because the Democrat Party hates Israel.

Donald Trump: Well, I'm not a fan of his, but he would have been a better pick.

Wayne Allyn Root: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I mean, I've seen him, and a lot of people aren't liking the job he's doing. But you know what? He would have been a better pick. I think anybody would have been a better pick than what they have now.

Wayne Allyn Root: So, you mentioned New York City spending all this money on illegals. That brought to mind the fact that, at the same time, they're spending billions on illegals. They're now -- the city council is about to pass a reparations bill for Black Americans. I mean, this is all insanity. You know, my relatives weren't even here till 1920.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Wayne Allyn Root: What do I have to do with owing anybody for any color?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I haven't heard that, but it's being talked about in a lot of different places. We'll take a look, but that's pretty incredible, isn't it?

Wayne Allyn Root: There's no money for all this.

Donald Trump: Well, where are they going to get it? And as you know, in Los Angeles, they're talking about it, and they have no money.

Wayne Allyn Root: Right.

Donald Trump: Right? So it's going to be a hot topic.

Wayne Allyn Root: So, you talk all the time about the rigged election, but -- and a lot of people go, "Oh, it wasn't rigged, it wasn't rigged. He's crazy." Meanwhile, you had a rigged debate.

Donald Trump: We had a rigged debate. We have a rigged election. We have bad borders. We have very bad elections. We have a bad voting system. We have mail-in ballots. And, you know, it's very interesting. I read the other day, the post office is saying how bad it is. The post office is critiquing themselves saying we're really in bad shape.

Donald Trump: We can't deliver the mail. And they're not even talking about mail-in ballots, right? Well, we're going to dump millions and millions of ballots. And I'm saying to myself, how can they be taking the vote and they can't -- they are saying they're in very bad shape, that they cannot deliver the mail well.

Donald Trump: And we're relying on them. And I said, "You know, we ought to go to court and we ought to bring a lawsuit because they're going to lose hundreds of thousands of ballots, maybe purposely or maybe just through incompetence." But we have a lot of our votes come in many, many big percentage whatever it may be, but a tremendous percentage, much more than half come in with the mail-in voting.

Donald Trump: And we have the post office say they can't do the job. So, wouldn't you have to make a change?

Wayne Allyn Root: Well, I mean it's interesting because just I think it was yesterday, the US Postal Service union endorsed Kamala Harris. So, how do you trust an election? How do you trust a debate where the moderator is the sorority sister of Kamala. And now, you've got mail-in ballots being trusted into the hands of people that just endorsed Kamala Harris, that union?

Wayne Allyn Root: How do you know there's going to be a clean election?

Donald Trump: Well they've always been a very Democrat union. That's the way it is.

Wayne Allyn Root: Right.

Donald Trump: We have people that like us, too, but it's always been very Democrat. Anytime you have mail in voting, you're going to have fraud. And even Jimmy Carter said that he --

Wayne Allyn Root: Right.

Donald Trump: The Carter Commission, right, where they had some pretty good people. I think Scoop Jackson and some others.

Wayne Allyn Root: President, every country in the world, we're the only country that allows mail-in voting with no voter ID.

Donald Trump: Well, some did allow, and they got out of it.

Wayne Allyn Root: Exactly. France does.

Donald Trump: Doesn't work.

Wayne Allyn Root: Right.

Donald Trump: France had 39 million votes. And they didn't do it anymore, and they had a perfect election. They knew who won it by 10 o'clock in the evening, 39 minutes. So, that's bigger than generally the states, right?

Wayne Allyn Root: Right.

Donald Trump: I guess almost all of them, including California. So, it's bigger. But France had a very successful election in terms of the ballots. At 10 o'clock, it was won and it was lost. Everybody went home and that was the end of it. And by the way, it cost you less than 10 percent the cost. You know, if you do just like paper ballots, voter ID, also citizenship, but you don't do the whole thing with the machines and the mail-in, you spend about 8 percent and you get a more accurate.

Donald Trump: Do you ever see these machines where they announce that they should be able to have the vote within the next two or three weeks? And if you had mail-in ballots, you would have it that night? It's crazy. And they do it because it's a very corrupt system.

Wayne Allyn Root: Starbucks, which is run by a very liberal CEO, by the way, Starbucks went to court to try and stop mail-in ballots for unionization of Starbucks and they argued in court that mail-in ballots are not trustworthy. There's too much fraud.

Donald Trump: They do? Who won.

Wayne Allyn Root: I don't even know the end result. I don't even know the -- I'll check on you. I'm going to find the result for you.

Donald Trump: It's OK, we don't want to find out if --

Wayne Allyn Root: All right, so -- so last question for you, all my fans in Real America's Voice know that you're the man to solve the problems of crime, inflation, open borders, and World War III. Those are the four biggest problems in America.

Donald Trump: Yup.

Wayne Allyn Root: You're the guy. You're going to do it. We all have confidence. What we don't have confidence in is how do we stop a rigged election? How do you stop overseas ballots that the Democrats are now talking about? They're going to try and get all these overseas ballots and stick them into battleground states.

Wayne Allyn Root: The US Postal Service endorsing Kamala, who trusts them? How do you trust this system, and how do we stop voter fraud?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't trust the system at all. They are horrible, horrible cheaters. They were in the last election.

Wayne Allyn Root: Yes, they were.

Donald Trump: And probably they were in 2016, but they didn't cheat enough, you know?

Wayne Allyn Root: And the proof is Zuckerberg who confessed that he helped to rig the election.

Donald Trump: Well, in 2016, Hillary Clinton went around. She was furious. She said, "Why didn't you do this for me?" Because it was a pretty close election. And she's saying why -- she was an angry woman, she's saying, "Why didn't you do this for me? Create some ballots."

Wayne Allyn Root: But then they called her angry like they call you.

Donald Trump: By the way -- yeah, that's right and everybody else, every other Democrat. You know, I think 62 percent of the people in Congress and the Democrats in Congress said, and nobody ever calls them out.

Wayne Allyn Root: Right, for anything.

Donald Trump: In Georgia, you had the governor, right, Stacey, She was saying it was rigged. It was this, it was that. Nobody calls them out. They only call me out. No, it's a very unfair system. It's a very corrupt system. It's a very bad system. You know, you need borders. We really don't have good borders. We -- I had great borders.

Donald Trump: You know, my all-time favorite chart that I pulled down that day --

Wayne Allyn Root: That saved your life --

Donald Trump: Flying bullet. But that -- it really saved my life. It was -- so you could say immigration saved my life, if you think.

Wayne Allyn Root: No, I could say God saved your life.

Donald Trump: Well, I think that, too, because a lot of people are saying that and maybe saved my life because they want to save this country.

Wayne Allyn Root: I'll tell you a quick last story, and then we'll cut to the interview. We'll let you run. So, I was there yesterday, as you know. And I witnessed every moment from 3 o'clock in the afternoon till 10 o'clock at night. And you had thousands of people. We think 6,000 to 8,000 people. Nobody left, everybody stayed.

Wayne Allyn Root: And I looked at a Nevada newspaper today, which has a very liberal slant, and they made a point of saying, "He had 6000 people, but they all started to leave." You and I both know no one started to leave. They lie about everything involving you.

Donald Trump: Screaming more and more, and I was up there for about an hour.

Wayne Allyn Root: And they waited eight hours. I mean these people were there all day.

Donald Trump: They were screaming more. And I'm saying, "I was here for an hour and 45 minutes." Oh, so it's so sad to see. The press is so corrupt. I didn't realize that they said that.

Wayne Allyn Root: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But she said that just as a way of -- you know, she said, "Oh, the people leave." Nobody leaves. I mean --

Wayne Allyn Root: Nobody leaves.

Donald Trump: When I say nobody, I mean, virtually, nobody leaves.

Wayne Allyn Root: After eight hours, maybe someone gets tired and goes home, but that's 8,000 people were there, maybe three left.

Donald Trump: I make a joke sometimes. Please don't get up and go to the bathroom because you'll have a place with 50,000 or 60,000 seats, and they'll all be occupied. If somebody goes to the bathroom, the cameras will go right on those.

Wayne Allyn Root: Right.

Donald Trump: He didn't fill it up. So, no, they're very dishonest people. It's sad. The press is so dishonest. Borders are bad, elections are bad, the press is bad. And you can't do worse than that, but we're going to straighten it out.

Wayne Allyn Root: Despite it all, I believe in God, and I believe you are the chosen one to -- to win this election and to save America. We pray for you, and we fight for you to the last minute. I don't know if you know in my opening speech to you yesterday, you weren't there yet. I told the crowd we should treat the Republican Party in this election like Amway, like a multi-level marketing.

Wayne Allyn Root: You bring 10 and you bring 10 to the polls and you bring 10. Everyone commits to bring 10 and they bring 10. We'll bring 100 million out for you, and then it will become too big to rig.

Donald Trump: Too big to rig is a big deal, and that's true. You can't -- at a certain point, you can't get away with it.

Wayne Allyn Root: Right.

Donald Trump: But they -- they get away with a lot of things. They gave millions -- I mean millions of votes. We did so well. You know, we got millions of votes more the second time than we did the first time.

Wayne Allyn Root: Oh, the most in history.

Donald Trump: Everyone said, oh, 2016 was so good. I did much better in 2020.

Wayne Allyn Root: The most in history, the biggest difference.

Donald Trump: I will say though, just to wrap it up, but I will say that, there is a spirit now that even 2020 and 2016 didn't have and that's because they've seen how bad it is. You know, they didn't have anything to compare it to, right? Because I had a very successful four years. So, they had really nothing to compare it to now.

Donald Trump: They see the incompetence of him and her. She's worse than him. Oh, comrade Kamala is, I think, worse than Joe.

Wayne Allyn Root: Am I allowed to ever correct you? I don't think it's incompetence. These are communists, and they're looking to take this country down.

Donald Trump: But you're right, and I believe that. But she's still worse.

Wayne Allyn Root: And they're incompetent.

Donald Trump: Because she actually believes it.

Wayne Allyn Root: And they are incompetent as well. Deadly combination.

Donald Trump: It's a big combination of both. Thank you.

Wayne Allyn Root: All right. We love you. We appreciate you. We pray for you every day that you're safe and that you win this election so we can make America great again.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you.