Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-john-kobylt-kfi-am-640-los-angeles-october-8-2024

John Kobylt: President Trump, are you there? Hello.

Donald Trump: Hi, John.

John Kobylt: Hi. How are you?

Donald Trump: How are you? Donald Trump. Nice to be with you.

John Kobylt: Nice of you to take some time to come on. We're going to get right to it because I know --

Donald Trump: Absolutely, John. Good.

John Kobylt: I know we're -- you're tight on time. Well, first of all --

Donald Trump: Oh, that's OK. Don't worry about it.

John Kobylt: We got the rally at Coachella. It's going to be Saturday, 5 o'clock. Doors open at 12:00 at Calhoun Ranch. We have links on our social media so people can get tickets. Let me start off with something that we've been talking about on the show for over 20 years going back to the George W. Bush days. And it is either the No.

John Kobylt: 1 or No. 2 issue in all the polling. And that's -- that's the border failure.

Donald Trump: Right.

John Kobylt: Now, from what I've seen, two-thirds of the country wants tougher border enforcement. More than half, 55 percent, want mass deportation. I think everybody -- everybody knows where you stand, but what are you capable of doing as president right away? What -- and how quickly can you do it? What would be the first steps?

Donald Trump: We're going to start immediately, the first thing. Second is drill, baby, drill. But the first is close the border, and all you have to do is close the border. And they don't need bills and all the other nonsense they've been talking about. In the meantime, they're flying people in in big jet planes.

Donald Trump: Big commercial jet planes, they're flying them in. You say the border is closed, the president says the border is closed. Now, you have to remember two things. I had the best border in history -- in recorded history. It was closed. When I left, I had the best border. All they had to do was keep it going the way it was.

Donald Trump: We had Remain in Mexico. We had all things that nobody said you could get. We had the single best numbers, the best of everything. You know the famous chart that I looked to the right, and that was the chart. I love that chart. But that showed the best as I left office. Now, in the meantime, what they've done is unbelievable.

Donald Trump: They've let people in at numbers that nobody's ever seen. Twenty-one million people, including 13,099 murderers, drug dealers, criminals, gang members, coming into our country. Those people will be taken out immediately. It's called deportation. They'll be taken out immediately. It will be the largest deportation.

Donald Trump: Nobody wants that, but we have no choice. These are criminals they've let in. They've let in numbers of criminals that nobody's ever seen. And the number of people they've occupied, Springfield, Mass -- Springfield, Ohio, Aurora. If you look at Aurora in Colorado, what's happened, the Venezuelans have taken it -- literally taken over buildings in Aurora with weapons that even our military doesn't have. What's happened --

John Kobylt: That gang is supposedly in 100 different cities -- that Venezuelan gang.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Yeah. And they're all over the place. And, frankly, cities that haven't been infected -- and I use that word very openly -- that haven't been affected by this violence yet, they're petrified because it's coming to them also. These are the -- this is a Venezuelan gang. It's one of the toughest gangs in the world.

Donald Trump: And it's not as bad as MS-13, which is now coming in. I took them out by the thousands. We have ICE. By the way, she wants to -- she wants to abolish ICE. ICE are -- these are incredible. They happen to be tough, John. I hate to say it because they have to be. But they're incredible patriots. You don't want that job.

Donald Trump: I don't want it either, but they are tough, strong guys, and they go out and they take criminals, drug lords, murderers. They bring them out or they put them in jail where they have to be. These are -- you see what's happening with our crime numbers. They're going through the roof. And other areas that I can see, you're into it because I'm into it, frankly, more than any other thing.

Donald Trump: I think the border is a bigger issue than inflation. They say inflation is the biggest and the economy. I actually think the border. I think you may agree with me just based on the question. I think the border is a bigger issue than even the inflation, which has been record-setting and horrible.

John Kobylt: Because what I noticed now, it is a broad swath of people --

Donald Trump: Absolutely.

John Kobylt: Whether you're Democrat, Republican, independent, it's a quality of life issue because they're pouring into the cities.

Donald Trump: Absolutely.

John Kobylt: They've been smuggled, like you said, in the middle of the night on planes, dropped in towns like Springfield.

Donald Trump: Right.

John Kobylt: And people -- the people's neighborhoods and towns have changed overnight, and they don't know what hit them. And so, it's not just --

Donald Trump: How about Springfield? Hey, John, how about Springfield? It's a community of 50,000 people, and they dropped 32,000 Haitians there. And a lot of these people have very troubled pasts. And, frankly, it's a very troubled country. Thirty-two thousand in a 50,000 -- and nobody knows what to do. It's not -- it's not sustainable.

Donald Trump: Where do they even think that a thing like this could work? Aurora is bad but many -- you have many cities that are worse than Aurora. The mayor -- the governor of Colorado, a liberal Democrat has no idea what to do. He has no idea, and they don't want to speak up because they don't want to speak up against -- about, you know, their government because the government tends to indict people.

Donald Trump: Take a look at what happened with the mayor of New York. He said, "We can't do this," and he ends up getting investigated. And he's got a problem now.

John Kobylt: Yeah. But I remember early on when you ran back in 2015 -- 2016 and you said these countries are emptying their prisons.

Donald Trump: That's right.

John Kobylt: That's exactly what Venezuela did. This -- this gang, Tren de Aragua, I believe, is the way you pronounce it. That's the gang that's in 100 cities. They came right out of prison.

Donald Trump: And they are vicious, and they're -- they're very talented criminals. And, you know, you mentioned 2016. In 2016, I ran on the border. I really did. I ran on the military. We're going to fix it. I did that. I built 571 miles of wall. I did a lot of things. But I really ran probably more on the border than anything else, and I fixed it.

Donald Trump: It was great, and I handed it over. It was great. We had a great border. The difference is the border we have now -- what they've done to this border, they've gotten rid of every one of the things I did: Remain in Mexico; catch and release in Mexico, not in our country. Catch and release in Mexico. All of the things I did, many, many things.

John Kobylt: So, you got -- I mean, do you already have --

Donald Trump: They ended that.

John Kobylt: Do you already have like plans, proposals ready to go if you get elected?

Donald Trump: Oh, it's done. It's done.

John Kobylt: You start the deportation process, you start sealing off the border and -- and doing, you know, executive orders, whatever it takes, whatever is within your power?

Donald Trump: That's right. It's all done.

John Kobylt: It's already done, ready to go?

Donald Trump: So, we're doing -- have you seen Tom -- you've seen Tom Homan. He's coming on board. They're all coming. The whole group is coming on board. Brandon Judd, these are all guys -- we had the border and the best -- I'll tell you what. I did the border. I fixed it. Now, I have to tell you, this border is 20 times worse than it was in 2016.

Donald Trump: That's the one thing. What they've done to our country is incredible, including flying hundreds of thousands of illegal immigrants, many of which are criminals, flying them over the border in jet planes, in commercial planes that they rent, and they fly them over. It's like a purposeful destruction of our country.

Donald Trump: Nobody can think it's good, but they try and use them to vote. That's why they're doing it. They want to use these people to vote. They're willing to destroy our country for that. And it's a -- it's so -- so shameful. It's so -- it's so terrible.

John Kobylt: Moving on to something else. You're familiar with Prop 47 in California?

Donald Trump: Yes. A little bit.

John Kobylt: Yeah. Ten years -- ten years ago, it passed, and it practically legalized theft and drug crimes. And that led to an explosion of crime, homelessness, drug addiction because you could do all the drugs you want. People did it. They had to steal in order to supply their drug habit. They ended up laying out in the street.

John Kobylt: You know who was the attorney general who wrote the title and summary? It was Kamala Harris.

Donald Trump: That's what I hear.

John Kobylt: You know what her title -- you know what title -- the title and summary was?

Donald Trump: What?

John Kobylt: The Safe Neighborhoods and Schools Act.

Donald Trump: Isn't it terrible? Isn't it terrible? John, she's so bad. You know, she destroyed your state, and I have property in that state. You know, I hate to talk about it. I have tremendous property there. And I talk about it, but it's much more -- this is much more important to me than the value of my property, to be honest with you.

Donald Trump: I talk about -- in such a horrible way about what's happened to California. And, you know, I'm actually hurting myself by doing it because of great things there and it's such a -- the potential. You have the weather. You have the water. You have so much. You have a little thing called the ocean. You have the longest shoreline.

Donald Trump: You have everything there, but Gavin Newscum is horrible, and she is horrible. And I heard that -- that she was the primary cause of really the failure. You know, you had more people moving out than moving in. This is the first time that's ever happened.

John Kobylt: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And you don't want that. You live there. You want to be proud of it, but you'll end up going to say something that what -- based on what you're saying now.

John Kobylt: Well, I'll tell you. Yeah. We've been talking about this for days. But the polls, there's a huge change because a repeal of Prop 47 is winning 3-to-1 in the polls for next month.

Donald Trump: Good. Good. I endorse it.

John Kobylt: And George Gascon is losing 2-to-1 as DA here in --

Donald Trump: Yeah. He's terrible.

John Kobylt: Yeah.

Donald Trump: He's terrible. I mean, this guy -- and, you know, they have the one thing -- $950 and less, you don't get prosecuted essentially. But they don't prosecute if they steal much more than that either. So, you know, it's like an artificial -- how about where the kids are walking into stores with a calculator so they can calculate how much they're going to steal?

John Kobylt: Yes.

Donald Trump: This is -- and this was all done by Kamala, Kamala who's incompetent. You know, Kamala is doing some shows and making speeches that they're finding out she's not a smart person. And we had enough of that for four years with Biden. We had enough. We need somebody that's very smart. Thank you very much, you know? But we the people that can do the job.

John Kobylt: The people who are going to vote for her, what do you think they see in her candidacy?

Donald Trump: I have no idea. I have no idea. You know, I'm doing very well with the African American vote. You know that. You've seen it. Unbelievably well with the Hispanic vote. I'm doing well with a lot of categories that, typically, a Republican wouldn't do as well. And, you know, I've always said about California, first of all, they send out like, I don't know what it is, 38 million ballots.

Donald Trump: They send them all over the place. People -- many people get many ballots. You know that. This is no secret. They'll say, "Oh, that's so terrible to say that." Many people get many ballots. If they had an honest election in California, I think I'd win it in a landslide. I really do. I make speeches in California.

Donald Trump: I have massive crowds of people that go. They say how do you lose it? They send them out, and they get sent back. And nobody knows what the hell is going on. It's just a mess. And you know what? They want a strong border. I don't believe the people in California want sanctuary cities. And you just asked a great question.

Donald Trump: Who on Earth -- who on Earth would vote for this person? And she gets on a show, and she talks like a child. She doesn't talk like a person running for president. She talks like a child. And, I mean, she just did "The View," and they asked her a question. "What would you do different from Biden?" "Oh..."

Donald Trump: Essentially, nothing. Well, what about the 325,000 kids that will probably never be seen again? They're probably dead or they're sex slaves or something. Think of that number, 325,000 people -- kids have been lost coming into our country, the border -- through the border. And everything else. We were energy-independent four years ago.

Donald Trump: We had the best economy we ever had. We had no inflation. You know, I had no inflation.

John Kobylt: I know.

Donald Trump: We had the best economy with no inflation.

John Kobylt: And the inflation went up 25 percent. And now, what you hear in the media is that -- well, it's slowed down. Yeah. But that 25 percent price increase is still there. It -- we --

Donald Trump: They say you have very little inflation now. Well, the damage has been done, you know? It's not like the damage -- you're right, exactly. The damage has been done. And then she says, "Oh, I'm doing a really good job on inflation. We have inflation down." But what she doesn't say is why does -- why didn't she do it four years ago? You know, I always have a question for them.

Donald Trump: You just -- and I said it during the debate, you know, but of course it's all rigged, the whole thing, these -- these anchors and everybody else. It's crazy. You saw the way they attacked JD Vance, who did great by the way, and attacked me.

John Kobylt: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And we were right in all of this stuff, but they don't attack the other side. It's the craziest thing. But, you know, I have almost a question I could ask and say for every single question. Why didn't you do it four years ago? Now, they're saying we're going to do this; we're going to do that. They've actually taken a lot of my policy.

Donald Trump: We're going to -- they started building a wall. Can you believe it? A little tiny wall, but a wall nevertheless. But they actually started building a wall. No. They've taken -- I'm going to send them a MAGA cap, I think, you know? But the question is, John, why didn't they do this four years ago? We can ask that almost every time.

Donald Trump: I don't want to be repetitive, so I don't want to ask it. But again and again, you could say, "Why didn't you do it?" And she has no answer to it.

John Kobylt: I'm being told that you have to go.

Donald Trump: She will be worse than Biden.

John Kobylt: I'm being told that you have to go. So --

Donald Trump: I'm fine. If you want to go a little longer, you can.

John Kobylt: All right.

Donald Trump: You don't have to go.

John Kobylt: Well, you know, what I wanted to ask --

Donald Trump: Because I actually -- you know what this is for me? Therapy.

John Kobylt: OK.

Donald Trump: I'm speaking to a smart man. This is like -- some people go to a psychiatrist. I don't have time. So, this is like my therapy. No, I think -- you have a great show.

John Kobylt: You can -- you can call in once a week if you want, and, you know, I don't charge much.

Donald Trump: Well, that's OK.

John Kobylt: For you -- for you, I'll do it for free.

Donald Trump: You can go ahead. Let's go for a little longer.

John Kobylt: All right.

Donald Trump: Good.

John Kobylt: So, I was just in Florida. I flew back this morning.

Donald Trump: Right.

John Kobylt: And I was -- I was -- I was being chased by the hurricane because I have a place in Sarasota. And --

Donald Trump: You were being, huh?

John Kobylt: Yeah. No, I drove from Sarasota to Miami, flew here. And I'm reading on the plane that FEMA is out of money --

Donald Trump: Right.

John Kobylt: After Helene, and now -- and now, Milton is coming. The Flood Insurance Program is out of money that FEMA runs. And the Small Business Administration disaster programs are out of money. How does this happen? There's trillions and trillions of tax revenue.

Donald Trump: Yep.

John Kobylt: How come all the disaster funds are broke?

Donald Trump: Because they used it for your favorite subject, illegal immigration. They brought in criminals and millions and millions of people. And they took money. And now, the people of North Carolina, who were really hit hard, and Georgia and Alabama and Virginia, South Carolina and Florida, those people don't have any money.

Donald Trump: And it's the worst response to a hurricane they say in history. Worse than Katrina, which was pretty bad. But the worst response to a hurricane in the history of our country. They don't have any money. And you have the same guy that -- I mean, the same group of people. Look, Biden is incompetent. I believe she's going to go down as much worse than Biden if she ever got this thing.

Donald Trump: I think she's more incompetent than Biden. And here's the good news. People are seeing it. You know, now that she's getting out and about a little bit, they're seeing it. And her poll numbers are going down, and we're leading by -- getting to be -- I don't want to tell people good margins because, you know, they -- they change those margins.

Donald Trump: They change those margins fast. They're good at one thing. They're good at cheating, and they cheat. And we -- we have to have honest elections, and we have to have borders. But they've taken that money, billions of dollars, and they've used it to allow people to come in. And they're not taking care of the people in North Carolina and Georgia and all these other places.

Donald Trump: And that's not -- I think this one coming in is maybe going to be a bigger one.

John Kobylt: Why do you -- why do you think they do what they do? Why would you open the border and let 8 million people and the prisoners and the gang members? Why would you let crime run amok by, you know, Prop 47, all the drug addiction and homelessness? It's created a lot of suffering that you could see coming immediately.

John Kobylt: Why would they do this? What is their endgame for creating all this chaos?

Donald Trump: So, I used to say they're either stupid or they hate the country, but there's a third reason which is probably the -- really the one. I think they hate the country. They're not stupid because you can't cheat like that and be, you know -- and be like a dummy. I think the third reason is they are actually using it to cheat.

Donald Trump: I think they're putting a lot of people on the voter rolls and trying to get them to vote. People that don't even speak the language, people that don't even know what country they're in, they're putting them on the voter rolls. I think that's what they're doing. And it's a disgrace, and I really believe that's got to be the reason.

Donald Trump: Because you ask a question that most people don't ever even bring it up, why? You know, in a business, I always like to find what's the purpose of somebody wanting to buy something from me or whatever. You know, you like to know the other side. I say the same thing. Why do they want to have men and women's sports? It's so crazy, right? Why do they want to have like open borders where millions of people are allowed to come in? Why do they want this? Why do they want to have -- like why do they want to be subservient on energy? We were energy-independent.

Donald Trump: We have energy. We don't need anybody else's oil. We have the best oil. And we have the most oil.

John Kobylt: We have tons of oil underground here in California that nobody can touch for decades.

Donald Trump: It is -- oh, California is crazy. You could be so rich. You have such great resources. And if you even think about putting a rig that nobody would even see -- they design them. They look like beautiful trees now. If you -- if you look -- if you even think about it, they'd put you in jail. I mean, it is crazy, and they have no money.

Donald Trump: You know, you have another thing. You have a lot of water, but basically, you're always in a drought. You know, in -- in your richer areas like Beverly Hills and all, they want to give you a very little amount of water. You buy a house, spend a lot of money, and they say you're allowed to use 29 gallons of water.

Donald Trump: Do you know that you have water coming in by millions and millions of gallons up from the north, and they send the water out into the Pacific Ocean? They don't let it come down. I ask that one, too.

John Kobylt: Yeah. To save a fish that they can't -- to save a fish they can't even find anymore.

Donald Trump: A fish called the smelt.

John Kobylt: Yes. The delta smelt.

Donald Trump: Which doesn't do well. The delta smelt. And to save this little tiny fish that, by the way, is dying for a different reason. It's got no water, you know? Before, they had water. Now, it's got no water. So, it's dying anyway. But to save the delta smelt, which is not an important fish and, by the way, is in other areas, too.

Donald Trump: But for that, millions of gallons of water, millions and millions -- I've seen it. It's like a giant faucet. It takes all of that water coming down from way up north from the snow melts and all. It's pouring down. And that's why you have all those empty fields along the highway where you have the farming area.

Donald Trump: You know you have the best land in the country just about, but they took the water away. And what would that do to your forest fires? You could let the water -- I mean, you have so much water, and they let it go out. And, you know, I had it all done. It was all done. The hardest part was the federal.

Donald Trump: It was all done. Gavin Newscum refused to sign the -- it was Department of Commerce that got it done, and he refused to sign. And think of this. You have so much water, and they send it out into the Pacific Ocean, which for the Pacific Ocean is like a drop. You understand that.

John Kobylt: Oh, yeah. It's billions of gallons, but it's nothing compared to what's out in the ocean.

Donald Trump: One of the things I'm going to do if this works out, which it should, because we're running against a person that's grossly incompetent, worse than Biden, more incompetent than Biden -- and I didn't think I could say that about almost anybody. Would you believe, a major party. But -- but one of the things I'm going to do is I'm going to force that issue on water because the people of Los Angeles don't have water.

Donald Trump: The farmers don't have water. They send the water out into the Pacific Ocean before it gets to the farmland, before it gets to Los Angeles. Way up north, it gets sent out, and I'm going to say, "Either do this or we're not going to give you a lot of different things." And they'll do it. I'm going to force that issue because I think it's a disgrace.

Donald Trump: You know when I rode up there, I was with some great people, some incredible people and some Congressmen. And I said, "Why is this land so barren up here?" Oh, and, you know, it's interesting because they have then a little spot like you have a 500-acre piece of land, and about one acre or two acres was the greenest green I've ever seen.

Donald Trump: I said, "What is that?" Well, that's the only land that they're allowed to farm. Why? Because they don't have any water. I said, "Do you have a drought?" "No, we don't have a drought, but they don't allow the water to come." They almost talked about it like it was normal. It's gone on for many, many -- for decades, I guess. That issue has to be forced.

John Kobylt: Well, you know, a few years ago -- a few years ago with these policies, they claimed we had a drought, and we were supposed to have five-minute showers. They told us to bring a timer into the shower. And you -- they said -- or turn on the radio and listen to one song. And at the end of the song, then you end your shower. That was the official government policy.

Donald Trump: Yeah. No, you're allowed to have, I think, at one point, it was 29 gallons, you know? You're allowed -- now, it sounds like a lot, 29 gallons, but it's not. It's -- it's -- it's a very quick shower actually. So, it's -- it's crazy. It's crazy. No. I -- you know, I've heard about you for a long time. Now, I -- I must say I've enjoyed this call.

Donald Trump: I've enjoyed this call. Now, the bad part is why do they do it? You asked the one question, why would they do that? Why wouldn't they let the water come down to Los Angeles, OK? Why wouldn't they let the farmers have the water? You could even trickle it on to your -- your horrible forest fires all the time.

Donald Trump: You have more forest fires than any place on Earth. You know -- and you know one of the reasons? It's dead bone-dry. It's -- it's actually artificially dry because you're not allowing water to get there. You know, water that has gone there for a million years, you're not allowed -- you actually have -- as you know, you have pipes and different, you know, methods of actually getting --years ago, they had a very good system.

Donald Trump: But these radical-left lunatics have ended it. So, Kamala is running. She destroyed San Francisco. She helped destroy the state of California, and she wants to destroy America. And I'd love to give -- you know, I'm going to the valley. We're going to have a lot of people by the way. You're going to have 100,000 --

John Kobylt: Coachella. Yeah, why -- why did you pick Coachella? Because, you know, obviously, a lot of people in the media think you're nuts; you're you're way behind in California. Why would you waste any time and money coming to Coachella to campaign here?

Donald Trump: It's because -- yeah. Because we're going to have -- I know the state. I also know that this movement, Make America Great Again, it's a pretty nice term, right, MAGA. And what does it -- you know, when Biden says, "We will stop MAGA." I said, "Does he know what it means?" It called Make America Great Again.

Donald Trump: Anyway, we have a lot of support in California, and I felt I owed it to them. I have had so many people, plus it's a great location. The gentleman that has the land -- that owns the land for a long time, he really -- it's a great piece of land. It's beautiful. Great --

John Kobylt: Calhoun Ranch.

Donald Trump: And yeah. He really wanted to do it. He's a great gentleman, and he wanted to do it. And we're going to be there. You know, we had 100,000 people the other day in Butler in Pennsylvania with Corey, the great firefighter who lost his life.

John Kobylt: Are you nervous at all in these huge crowds considering what's happened?

Donald Trump: Nervous is not a good word, but, you know, I -- I watch out. But, you know, it is what it is. Look, it's a dangerous business. Being president is a dangerous business. You know, a race car driver, one-tenth of one percent don't make it. Bull riders, it's about the same thing, one-tenth of one percent.

Donald Trump: Presidents, what is it? Five or six percent. It's a dangerous profession. I never thought about it too much before I did it. But you know what? It's an honor to do it. I wouldn't have changed. I had somebody looking over me because, you know, that was a -- that was a long shot to -- to have made that, it was a pretty close distance.

Donald Trump: People said it was like the equivalent of a one-foot putt if you were a golfer. So, I made a turn to the right on an immigration chart. That was the chart. You know what I'm talking about.

John Kobylt: Yes. Oh, yeah.

Donald Trump: The showed the best immigration --

John Kobylt: No, I --

Donald Trump: That showed the best immigration numbers in the history -- in recorded history. Anyway, we're going to do that, and we're going to do it again. And we'll even have better numbers, and we're going to let people into our country, John, but they're going to come in legally.

John Kobylt: Yeah. You've always been strong on legal immigration.

Donald Trump: Yep.

John Kobylt: And that's -- that's --

Donald Trump: I believe -- no, we need it. We need people coming in.

John Kobylt: That's what every other country in the world does.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

John Kobylt: All right. So you're --

Donald Trump: We don't want murderers, John.

John Kobylt: No. No.

Donald Trump: We don't want murderers. We don't want drug lords, you know?

John Kobylt: No, no.

Donald Trump: You know, it's sort of basic.

John Kobylt: No prisoners.

Donald Trump: Not that [Inaudible]

John Kobylt: No felons.

Donald Trump: Let them have their prisoners, please. And we're going to send them all back. You know, the prison population all over the world is way down. They're all here. They dropped the prison population.

John Kobylt: Yeah, well --

Donald Trump: It's not even -- it's not even believable. I think I've ruined your day.

John Kobylt: No.

Donald Trump: It's not because I --

John Kobylt: No. We talk about this every day.

Donald Trump: You think this is so -- it's so crazy. It's so crazy.

John Kobylt: And the terrorists, too. The terrorists come in.

Donald Trump: So, we had zero terrorists in 2019. I don't even believe that, but these numbers were done by the Border Patrol. 2019, I was very tough on this. We had zero. They put down zero. I don't know. I doubt that's correct, but, you know, I'll take it. The next year, we had 11. Now, we have thousands of terrorists coming in from all over the world.

Donald Trump: It's -- you know, the Congo -- the Congo in Africa is now a tremendous supplier of illegal immigrants. They come from the jails of the Congo, and they're in our country. The whole thing is not believable. And you -- I'm telling you, nobody asked the question that you -- I asked it to myself, why? Why would they do this?

John Kobylt: That's what I want to know. That's what a lot of people want to know. Why would they do this?

Donald Trump: Maybe there's -- Maybe they're just crazy. You know, I used to say, really, they hate our country. Why would they do it? I ask that question all the time. And, you know, our people become immune to it. It's called -- they became immune to stupidity actually. But why would they do it? They're destroying our country, and why would they do that? And it's an honor to speak to you, John.

John Kobylt: Thank you for coming on.

Donald Trump: And I'll tell you. If you could be there -- if you could be there, I'd love to say hello. You know, if you could -- if you were there, but we're going to have a big deal. And it's going to be wild. And I think it'll be a -- usually a very, very friendly group of great patriots like we had this -- the other day in Butler, Pennsylvania. We had 100,000.

John Kobylt: Well, it's this Saturday, October 12th --

Donald Trump: This Saturday, right.

John Kobylt: At 5 o'clock. Doors open at 12:00.

Donald Trump: Right.

John Kobylt: Calhoun Ranch on Calhoun Street in Coachella. And people can go to any of our social media platforms at John Kobylt Radio. And you can get two tickets per mobile phone number. First come, first served.

Donald Trump: And you'll probably meet -- you'll probably meet a person and get married and happily married for 50 years, right?

John Kobylt: Right.

Donald Trump: There's a lot of people. We call it a mixer because the people are incredible, and a lot of people meet. And they this -- they have a good time. But it's very important. I'm doing it for a slightly different reason. I'm doing it to save our country. We have to win this election. November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country because our country is going very bad and fast.

John Kobylt: All right. Mr. Trump, thank you for coming on with us. And anytime you need some therapy, we'll be here for you.

Donald Trump: Oh, you gave me some. I love it. This is better than anybody I could ever think about. You take care of yourself, John. Great job.

John Kobylt: All right. Thank you for coming on.

Donald Trump: So long.

John Kobylt: All right. Donald Trump there.