Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-foxnews-jesse-watters-july-20-2024

Jesse Watters: Mr. President, sir. I don't know what we have to talk about. It's been pretty boring. [Laughs]

Jesse Watters: Why did you pick JD Vance?

Donald Trump: We've always had a good chemistry. And, uh, originally JD was probably not for me but he didn't know me. And then when we got to know each other, he liked me maybe more than anybody liked me, and he would stick up for me and he'd fight for the worker as much as I fight for the worker. We just had an automatic chemistry.

Donald Trump: And I actually endorsed him in Ohio for the senate, and he ended up winning against a very tough field, a very tough field. And he wrote a book which was a classic, as you know. And it was all about the working men and women and, uh, how they aren't being treated fairly, and he was right about that, and I understood that maybe better than anyone else.

Donald Trump: And, uh, we just have had a great relationship. And he had serious competition. We had tremendous people, all of, all of them. Every one of them. But [Inaudible] --

Jesse Watters: You beat out a lotta very --

Donald Trump: Talented.

Jesse Watters: -- important people.

JD Vance: Very impressive people.

Jesse Watters: When you got the call and found out, what did your wife say?

JD Vance: Well, he asked to speak to my wife, actually, which I was very appreciative of and so was she. But she was just kinda flabbergasted. I think that going into it we had no idea really what was going on, uh, whether he would pick me or Marco Rubio, great guy, Doug Berman, great guy, and a lot of other good people.

JD Vance: But, you know, when, when the president, uh, called me, I don't know if you remember this, sir, but my kid was talking in the background about Pokemon cards. And I'm, like, "Oh, for the love of God." Seven -- year -- old kid for -- "If you've ever been quiet, be quiet now." [Laughs] And the president's, like, "Put him on speakerphone." And so he, you read off the truth, uh, that was at the actual announcement that he was nominating me to be vice -- president, and he says, "What do you think about that?" And my son goes, "Oh, it's good.

JD Vance: It's good." [Laughs]

Jesse Watters: It's the endorsement [Inaudible] --

JD Vance: That's, that's the endorsement that mattered, actually, was from my seven -- year -- old. But it's, it's been a wild ride and we're having a good time and we've gonna win. That's the most important thing.

Jesse Watters: How's your ear?

Donald Trump: Good. Uh, getting much better. We're getting down to the small bandages. Uh, but it was a nasty one and it was a nasty period. That was exactly one week ago from today, exactly. And, uh, you know, when you think about it, it's, uh, that's been a lotta territory covered. Who, who would've th -- thought this was gonna be happening?

Donald Trump: But it happened and, uh, I got very lucky. Or God. I think it was God, actually.

Jesse Watters: You know who said it was not God?

Donald Trump: Who?

Jesse Watters: Ron Johnson, senator from Wisconsin said --

JD Vance: [Laughs]

Jesse Watters: -- he gave you that chart of illegal immigration.

Donald Trump: Ah, well, he's right about that. He actually gave me the chart. If I didn't have that chart, I wouldn't have looked to the right, and if I didn't look to the right a very bad thing would've happened. [Laughs] I wouldn't have been at the convention, I can just about guarantee it.

JD Vance: Mm -- hmm. That's right.

Donald Trump: Now [Inaudible] --

Jesse Watters: Where were you when Butler happened?

JD Vance: Was actually playing mini -- golf with my kids hoping that he would call me and offer the vice -- presidential slot. And, uh, you know, it happened and I, I told my kids, I said, "We gotta get outta here. The, the president's been shot." And of course we didn't know if the president was okay or not at that point, [Laughs] and my son said, uh, "Daddy, is it the president who's your friend or the president you don't like?"

Jesse Watters: [Laughs]

JD Vance: I said, and I said, uh, "It's the president who's my friend." And he said, "Okay, I'm sorry about that." And it was very sweet moment. And I think we're all just so grateful, uh, the president was okay.

Jesse Watters: So the ear's better. You have the w- smaller bandage on.

Donald Trump: Mm -- hmm.

Jesse Watters: Have you asked to see the wound?

JD Vance: [Laughs] I have not, no. Um, I won't. Though I do find it hysterical, Jesse, you have these people who are, like, "Why is the president wearing an ear bandage?" He got shot in the ear. And these are the same people who are wearing masks, right, five years after COVID. So it's pretty ridiculous.

Jesse Watters: When you were down by the podium we heard a lot of kerfuffle. You said something about shoes, shoes.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Jesse Watters: What was that?

Donald Trump: Well, they wanted to put me on a stretcher. They had a stretcher and they wanted to put me on a stretcher. And I said, "I'm not going on a stretcher," 'cause I just felt it was the ear. And there was lotta blood coming. I, I don't know if you've heard this but the ear causes, they say the most in the body.

Donald Trump: He get hit in the ear, uh, better than just about any other place in one way but in another way it bleeds more. And there were a lotta, there was a lotta blood. But I understood. They thought I'd, I was hit elsewhere. I thought it -- They thought I was hit actually in this area. And I wasn't. I said, "I'm telling you I'm okay.

Donald Trump: I'm fine. I'm gonna get up. I wanna get up. I'm not gonna be taken out on a stretcher." We had a little argument while I have six guys lying on top of me. I mean, I had some big guys on top of me.

JD Vance: [Laughs]

Jesse Watters: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Strong guys too, I can tell you that by their wrist. Their wrist had a little, little [Laughs] work on it.

Jesse Watters: [Laughs]

JD Vance: [Laughs]

Donald Trump: Uh, and brave guys because they ran onto that stage very quickly. I was down for the most part 'cause I, when I looked at my hand I knew it was, I knew it was something very serious. I put my hand up, I looked at it, it had blood all over it. But I had a lot of big, strong humans on top of me, and they were very brave humans 'cause they were running into fire.

Donald Trump: And he kept going. Uh, he probably thought he hit, uh, but it hit the ear. And when I saw that I got down pretty quickly I think. I also think people were starting to shout. It's one of the reasons I was able to go down so fast. Because it almost is amazing that, that move of checking here and going almost immediately down.

Donald Trump: I think so, probably people were shouting at the same time. Who knows? It was bedlam. And I was down and I said, "Let's get going. Come on, let's go." And the shooting had stopped, so I assumed they probably got him, and they did get him. I believe they got him with one shot, one shot from a- An unbelievable shot.

Donald Trump: Now they would've done it earlier. Maybe doing it earlier is hard because they haven't, it's hard to shoot somebody when you're not 100% sure. But they get him. And had they not gotten him it coulda been a lot worse situation. But, uh, two great men were very badly hurt. I've gotten to know them. And two -- And one, Corey was, uh, as you know, killed.

Donald Trump: And, uh, you could've had, you could've had a lot more than that if he didn't -- But so they took him out. So now we're getting up, I said, "I'm not, I'm not lying on the stretcher. I'm not gonna do that." So enforced my way up. And, uh, once I was up I realized, 'cause I looked, everybody was stunned. You know, we had thousands and thousands of people.

Donald Trump: Uh, a good group in the back but they were great. You know, it was just like a backdrop. And nobody stampeded. Nobody ran. You know, usually when they hear a shot -- If you go to any, where people that do this for a living, it's called crowds, and they said when a bullet goes off everybody starts running for the exits.

Donald Trump: Nobody ran, including the thousands, I mean, tens of thousands of people were in front.

JD Vance: Mm -- hmm.

Donald Trump: And nobody ran. And nobody ran in back. The back was like a sample of it. And yet one man and the man dressed in black, I mean, they're [Laughs] all becoming famous people, with a black hat, and he's, he's looking like this, he's standing up, "Where are they?" And he starts pointing. This man had no fear.

Donald Trump: And m- none of them did. And the women were incredible. Some went down, they, you know, for a little cover, but nobody ran. And everyone that went down came up.

JD Vance: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And they thought I was in trouble. They -- And they were right. But they thought I was in trouble 'cause they saw the blood immediately because it was over here.

JD Vance: And so these, the, the media always slanders these crowds as, you know, MAGA extremists. And of course they slander the president too. And it really is I think a testament to the movement how calmly people responded to it. That's the definitely the thing --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

JD Vance: -- I took away most from it.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Oh, it was amazing. But it was love too. It was just --

JD Vance: Absolutely.

Donald Trump: -- they didn't, they didn't move. But when I came up, they saw me come up and they thought it was over. They thought it was over when I went down because they saw the blood immediately. And then when I put the hand up everybody was happy. That was the time -- That was when they realized, uh, I was okay. And it's just an incredible country.

Donald Trump: Ah, it was a beautiful moment.

Jesse Watters: Joe Biden called you --

Donald Trump: Yes.

Jesse Watters: -- after --

Donald Trump: -- he did.

Jesse Watters: -- this guy tried to take your life. How'd that conversation go?

Donald Trump: It was good. It was a nice conversation. He, uh, he said, uh, "You're lucky you turned to the right." So I was in -- It was -- You know, obviously somebody briefed him. Uh, but he did say that to me, he said, "You're lucky you turned to the right." I said, "I think so." Uh, [Inaudible] --

Jesse Watters: This country would be lucky if it turned to the right.

JD Vance: [Laughs]

Donald Trump: Well, I guess maybe, certainly to a certain extent it would. Wouldn't it be nice?

Jesse Watters: Fox News alert. There's an FBI investigation under way into the attempted assassination of Donald Trump. Do Trump and Vance trust it? Mistakes were made. They were monitoring this guy for an hour beforehand.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Jesse Watters: No one told you not to take the stage?

Donald Trump: No, nobody mentioned it. Nobody said there was a problem. And I woulda waited for 15. They coulda said, "Let's wait for 15 minutes, 20 minutes, five minutes, something." Uh, nobody said. I think that was a mistake. Uh, the, uh, uh, the Secret Service s- they call them snipers, but he was, you know, world -- class shot.

Donald Trump: Uh, I guess he didn't wanna take the shot. I can understand that one a little bit because maybe he didn't see, you know, maybe he doesn't know. You don't wanna shoot somebody if the person's not, not going to be carrying a gun. I don't know if they had a gun. Um, they had a policeman that actually saw the man with a gun, and you would've thought that, uh, the woulda been conveyed to other people.

Donald Trump: So there were some, there were some mistakes. But I can tell you this, uh, just to go on the more positive side. The people on the stage were unbelievable and brave. The, they were all Secret Service that came running up. And they were running past bullets. Bullets were, when I went down, bullets were coming over my head.

Donald Trump: And you hear them. It's like zip, zip. Uh, so I'm lucky I went down fast. But I don't even consider that the lucky part. I consider the lucky part turning exactly right in the one position where, you know, you're gonna get hit here but you're not gonna get hit in the wrong location, which is, you know what that is.

Jesse Watters: Senator, the FBI is doing an investigation on the assassination attempt. Do you trust the bureau?

JD Vance: I don't trust the bureau leadership but I certainly think there're lotta good field agents, guys on the grounds who have the country's best interests at heart. I think, like the president, obviously he was there and I wasn't, but my initial reaction was the ex -- exactly the same. What bravery from the guys who reacted immediately.

JD Vance: But what the hell was going on? How was that guy ever allowed to be there in the first place? Which I think somebody, whether it's higher up or, or somebody else involved really did screw up. And we have to get to the bottom of it because, you know, now me and my family are under protection. And, uh, obviously the president's safety is of paramount importance.

JD Vance: I mean, [Inaudible] people realize, whether you're a Democrat or Republican, what an unbelievable, you know, bullet that we all dodged, right? Of course the president's life is, is the most important thing. The unrest in this country, the anger, it would've taken this country a half of century to get over it. And, um, you know, we, we really did, I think, as a country get really lucky, not just the president.

Donald Trump: I know many people in the FBI, they're great. But they tend to be at the mid -- and lower levels. [Laughs] They're unbelievable.

JD Vance: [Laughs]

Donald Trump: And they're --

JD Vance: [Laughs] That's right.

Donald Trump: -- they MAGA. Believe me, they're MAGA. They're Make -- American -- Great -- Again people. Uh, but, uh, you know, there's some things going on with our government that we have to really worry about. Uh, did we have enough people? Why didn't we have enough people? Somebody said that a lot of people were put on Biden's, uh, detail.

Donald Trump: The problem is Biden doesn't draw anybody. He draws flies. He draws --

JD Vance: [Laughs]

Donald Trump: -- nobody. And, you know, you don't need very many people for that because he does not draw. You know, like --

JD Vance: [Laughs] No.

Donald Trump: -- 30 people show up. And we have 55, 60 thousand people show up. And so you --

JD Vance: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: -- have to take care of those big crowds.

JD Vance: Uh, Secret Service detail of 20, you can have a one -- to -- one ratio at a Biden rally, right? The president actually needs substantial protection. So I, I, I 100% believe that some people gotta be investigated and probably some people need to be fired.

Jesse Watters: It was a potshot. Are you at all suspicious he had help?

Donald Trump: Well, you just don't know. Uh, he doesn't -- It doesn't look like it doesn't. But now we're finding out that he had some encrypted phone numbers, and to foreign countries, which a little bit surprises me. When you look at him, uh, he was somebody that was bullied in school and, you know, y- you, you hear all different stories.

Donald Trump: I would say probably he was a loner. But you don't know that. Uh, they have to check out the phone numbers. They have to check out the phone. I think they were able to break into his phone, I think, I hope, I would hope so. For inssass -- for, for a, a crime like this you have to be able to break into a phone.

Jesse Watters: [Laughs]

Donald Trump: You know, because they pride themselves on not allowing people to break in. And government can't get in. Apple can let you in. So I don't know exactly what happened. But, uh, assassination is big [Laughs] stuff. And you have to get to it. So we'll see what happens. But, uh, it just should've been when you have a r- e -- essentially a flat, open roof like that and it's direct at the target with absolutely nothing in its way, how can somebody be up there?

Donald Trump: And he was up there for a long period of time, because they have tape of him moving all over the place. And then they see him and they don't report him. Who was the, who was the policeman or the, I guess it was local police, who looked at him, saw him standing with a gun? I think the guy saw him and this guy dropped off the roof.

Donald Trump: And I don't blame him for that. What I do blame him f- his, his, why is he crawling? Everybody screaming and say, "There's a guy with a gun up there!" W- What did they -- What did he do when he dropped off the roof? Did he just go away and say, like, nothing? That's a big, you know, that's a big factor.

Donald Trump: Who was he, and why did he do that? Why didn't we know about that? 'Cause I would've -- You know, oftentimes, based on weather and based on other things, they'd say, "Sir, would you wait 10 minutes before you go out, please?" We never had case like this but certainly if they said, "Would you wait five, 10, 15, 20 minutes because we have a possible problem, unlikely but possible?" Uh, I wish somebody would've done that because, uh, Corey would be alive and two people that were --

JD Vance: Mm -- hmm.

Donald Trump: -- seriously hurt would not be hurt. And, uh, we wouldn't have had all of the things that we've gone through over the --

JD Vance: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: -- last period of time.

JD Vance: And, sir, I, I think it illustrates something that's so different about the Trump administration versus the Biden administrations. Look, screw -- ups sometimes happen, even very big screw -- ups, but it's the responsibility of leaders to stand before the country and say, "All right, we screwed up. We're gonna get to the bottom of it. We're gonna answer questions and do it in public." I think the, the fact that there's been no transparency here is what makes a lot of us say, "Well, what the hell happened?

JD Vance: And why -- You know, are we actually making, taking steps to ensure it doesn't happen again?"

Jesse Watters: If you're elected, you can declassify the assassination attempt files. You could clear things up like that. You'll do that, right?

Donald Trump: I would, yeah, sure. Uh, there's nothing, there should be nothing to hide here.

JD Vance: It's his decision. Yeah.

Donald Trump: I think, frankly --

JD Vance: [Laughs]

Donald Trump: -- yeah, but, but I think, frankly, m- many things are known right now. But some of the things that are known are bad. How did somebody get on that roof? And why wasn't he reported? Because people saw that he was on the roof. And you had, uh, Trumpers, screaming. The woman in the red, in the red shirt, she was screaming, "There's a man on the roof!"

Donald Trump: And then other people, they said, "There's a man on the roof who's got a gun!" And that was quite a bit before I walked onto the stage. So you would've thought somebody would've done something about it.

Jesse Watters: I asked President Trump and JD Vance for their thoughts on how the Secret Service has handled this. Watch. You spoke to Cheatle. How'd --

Donald Trump: [Inaudible]

Jesse Watters: -- that go?

Donald Trump: She came to see me, actually. And, well, I mean, it went very nicely. She was very nice, I thought. But, you know, somebody should've made sure there was nobody on that roof. That roof was a dead aim right onto the stage. And they said they didn't have the manpower for it, which is crazy. 130 yards is like sinking a one -- foot putt.

Donald Trump: It's considered really close.

JD Vance: Absolutely right.

Donald Trump: It sounds like a lot but it's really, from that standpoint, it's a very, you know, it's very close. And I was surprised by that, actually. They said it's really, it's a, uh, a bad shot would usually hit the target. And, uh, so, I mean, you sh -- it's gotta be, somebody's gotta be there. And it's essentially a flat roof from it. I noticed that she said, "Well, this is sloped roof." Well, you think of like a barn where you have a- This thing had just a little, a little upswing in it, a few degrees.

Donald Trump: This was a not -- Essentially it was a flat roof. So I don't know, somebody gave her false information when she talked about the slope of the roof. Uh, I thought she was very nice. But, you know, you have to answer why couldn't I have stayed off the stage for five minutes while they do their work? Why couldn't -- Uh, you know, how does a situation happen where a roof that's plainly in sight from the location where I was speaking, why would somebody not have seen that?

Jesse Watters: You were briefed, your office was briefed by Cheatle. Are you satisfied with this situation?

JD Vance: No. [Inaudible]

Jesse Watters: And do you feel safe with Cheatle running the Secret Service?

JD Vance: Look, I think clearly, um, she needs to be more forthcoming. She needs to actually sit before people, answer all their questions and let people know what happened. When you try to hide information and hide from question asking, that's, I think, what leads people to believe that there's something to be --