Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-dan-bongino-radio-show-may-30-2024

Dan Bongino: Really excited to welcome back to the show a guy who's been through a lot in a really busy news day, President Donald J. Trump, as his trial comes to a close. Mr. President, thanks so much for your time. We appreciate it.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you, Dan, my friend, for a long time, Dan.

Dan Bongino: Well, I try to keep my friends circle small. I only like good people, and you're one of them, so I really appreciate everything you're doing. Mr. President, this trial is obviously a sham, a disgrace to humankind. This judge has been an abomination, but I think the seed of all this is obviously the Biden Justice Department.

Dan Bongino: There's been some commentary today about this. The evidence is everywhere. Colangelo coming from DOJ. You got all these meetings at the White House? This is a Biden-directed hit, this entire operation.

Donald Trump: Well, there's no question about it. I can't mention names like you can. And you mentioned it. I didn't. But the fact is I'm gagged. They gagged me. So they're allowed to talk about me. I'm not allowed to talk about them. But this comes right out of the White House. This is the way he wants to try and win.

Donald Trump: Now so far, it's reverberated. It's gone the opposite. We're way up in the polls, but -- and I can't imagine anybody wanting to vote for this guy. He's been -- he's the worst president in the history of our country. Our country has never been so divided like it is right now. He's a disaster. But absolutely, this comes out of the White House.

Donald Trump: This is a White House show trial, they call it.

Dan Bongino: Yeah. Mr. President, you're sitting in that court every day. This is the worst case of election interference I've ever seen. The Justice Department and legal entities at the ADA, Manhattan, New York state level and in Georgia, they should --

Donald Trump: And the judge here is just unbelievable, it's -- what he's doing, his rulings, everything else. We have a great case, an unbelievable case. There is no case. It shouldn't have been brought. But sometimes, it's better to have a good judge and a good case, and they got themselves a beauty.

Dan Bongino: Oh, yeah. I mean, the judge's instructions were a constitutional abomination. This is a serious trial, Mr. President. I mean, you're -- yes, you were the president of the United States, likely to be the next one, we all hope, but you're still a citizen. This isn't the Soviet Union with gulags. This case has to be proven beyond a reasonable doubt, every element of every piece of every charge.

Dan Bongino: And that's clearly not what the judge appeared to be implying with these ridiculous North Korea-style instructions he gave to the jury today.

Donald Trump: It's disgraceful, and people are angry about it, and it's very confusing to people. And the bottom line is there's no crime. They can't show a crime. Nobody knows what the crime is. And if you look at all the legal scholars, Dan, all the legal scholars and the brilliant, let's call them law minds around town, every one of them, all of your friends, many of your friends, but all of your friends, they say there's no case here.

Donald Trump: This shouldn't have been brought, and it could have been brought seven years ago. It didn't have to be brought in the middle of an election.

Dan Bongino: Yeah, Mr. President --

Donald Trump: The reason they brought it --

Dan Bongino: Yeah, of course.

Donald Trump: If I didn't run or something, if he was like everybody else, No. 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, they wouldn't have brought this case ever. Brad turned that down. He turned it down two years ago. He didn't want to bring this case. But then when I ran, they said let's bring a case. So, so far, it's been good for poll numbers, anyway.

Dan Bongino: Yeah. And I understand the gag order, and I'm not obviously not trying to get you in any trouble here. You got -- these people are just they've got it in for you, it's clear. But again, I mean, Cy Vance and others clearly passed on this case, the FEC, the Federal Elections Commission, for the liberals listening has already said this is not an election violation.

Dan Bongino: This is the -- I mean, the case here-- no one's -- I'm having a hard time determining what crime, Mr. President, they even alleged in the case.

Donald Trump: And they have no crime. So what they're trying to do is make a state case out of a federal. So what they're doing is the state is trying to take the place of federal. It's never happened before, but the Federal Elections Commission took a pass, a total pass, they said. And they studied it very at length, and they took a pass.

Donald Trump: And now you have the state trying to make a federal crime. The whole thing is crazy, and nobody knows what's happening. In fact, they asked the judge -- as you saw today, they asked the judge, "Please reread the instructions," which went on for about an hour. And so it's just a crazy thing. It's such a shame.

Donald Trump: And the world is laughing at America, just laughing with all the problems we have.

Dan Bongino: Yeah. I think some of the tyrants around the world are taking notes. They're probably thinking, "This Biden guy is really good at this tyranny thing." Do you ever find that odd, Mr. President, that they accuse you of being a dictator, the Hitler things are out again. And yet, every single thing these despots and scumbags did, they're doing, not you.

Dan Bongino: Don't you find that a little weird?

Donald Trump: Even if you go back, you had the Comey stuff. I fired Comey and a lot of his people, wonderful people, right? But I fired them all. We were knocking out the swamp. We -- I got rid of Comey very early on. Don't forget, I inherited him. I didn't put him there. I inherited Comey, but we got him -- rid of him and some of his people real fast and a lot of other people, too, thousands of people over the course of the few years.

Donald Trump: And, I mean, the swamp was deep. But I have to tell you, this one is unbelievable. They spied on my campaign. They did the Russia, Russia, Russia hoax, the Ukraine, Ukraine, Ukraine. They did FISA, everything. They did so many different things, the fake news dossier. Remember the fabulous dossier that they paid like $12 million for?

Donald Trump: That was Hillary Clinton and the DNC. All this stuff they do, Dan. And then they accuse me of -- the funniest part, so they interfere with the election like nobody in history with their lock boxes and all the horrible things they did, and they sued me for election interference, OK? It's -- they're a disgrace.

Donald Trump: They're so bad for this country. These people, they're fascists. They're -- it's the only thing they're good at. They can't -- they're not good at the wall. I can tell you they're not good at keeping people out because we have about 16, 17 million people from a lot of bad places. You have millions of people from prisons and from mental institutions pouring into our country and destroying our country, and this is what they focus on. It's just disgusting.

Dan Bongino: Yeah. Mr. President, one of the best lines I think you've given in an interview, I believe you told Sean. You said -- Sean Hannity. You said that your revenge will be success, and I really -- I got up, and I thought that's fantastic. But by success, do you see personnel as being the biggest problem? And I ask you because you just hinted at something.

Dan Bongino: The problem in government right now, we don't need more laws, Mr. President. We need better people who will abide by. The Biden administration has thrown all this stuff out the window. His people don't care about the law. When you get into office the next time, a personnel or policy, is there going to be a massive housecleaning here?

Donald Trump: The policy is largely common sense. We need borders. We need fair elections. We need a good military. We want low interest rates and taxes, etc., etc., right? So a lot of policy is common sense. But you need people, and we had a lot of great people. I rebuilt the military. The biggest tax cuts in history, biggest regulation cuts in history, all of the things that you know, but I could have made some other choices, too, because some of the people I didn't like and I didn't -- but when I came in, we had -- I was in Washington.

Donald Trump: My entire life, 17 times, I never stayed over. So I had to rely on people. And sometimes, you'd speak to a RINO, and they'd give you some recommendation, whether they meant well or not. And they turn out to be not the great people. Now, unlike Biden, he never fires anybody. I fire people. I mean, think of it. In Afghanistan, they didn't fire anybody.

Donald Trump: Milley should have been fired. They all should have been fired. That was the most embarrassing day in the history -- period, in the history of our country, Afghanistan. The way they -- not getting out. I was prepared. We were going to get out with dignity and strength. What he -- and keep Bagram, by the way, which is one hour away from China, where they make their nuclear weapons, right?

Donald Trump: So you want -- that's the big Air Force base. But you look at Biden, nobody got fired. Nobody ever got -- did anybody ever get fired in the Biden administration? And I think they just don't want him to go out and write books. You fire some of these clowns that turn out not to be good, then they write a nasty book.

Donald Trump: So I guess maybe in one way, he figures at least they won't write books now. They'll get him later.

Dan Bongino: Yeah. Listen, I agree, personnel or policy, and if we don't get rid of some of these dogs in government who are screwing up our system of government --

Donald Trump: Absolutely. You put somebody good in charge of one of these big agencies, you get somebody great. The agency is great. It's like a building. You get a good manager in a building, it runs good. You get a bad one. no matter what you do, it's not going to run. It's the same thing, little larger version.

Dan Bongino: And Mr. President, I know you've got a thousand important decisions you have to make about personnel with your team. I'm not naive to that, but I made the argument on my show a couple times. You may think I'm crazy, maybe not. I think your selection for attorney general is your most important pick. Vice president, it's obviously important.

Dan Bongino: But if we get the attorney general wrong, I know you won't. But if we get that wrong after this abomination of justice and what happened to you, we're not going to have a country left. Your thoughts on that?

Donald Trump: Yeah, it's a very big choice, and I made two bad choices. Now I was loyal. Jeff Sessions, he was the first senator to endorse me. He came to me, "Please let me." He was begging me to do it after I won. And I was loyal, and he didn't have what it took. As soon as he heard the word Russia, he ran for the hills.

Donald Trump: And Bill Barr, unfortunately, I know he endorsed me recently. So it's always tough to be-- I mean, if you can believe that he endorsed me, but he was not a man of strength. He was a coward, and he was afraid to go after people on the election, cheating that went on that you know and everybody knows where the brain went on. And we're not going to let that happen again.

Donald Trump: But I wish -- I made two different choices there. I had it twice. And then you have other important positions, too, I think -- by the way, I think defense was very good at the end. He did a good job. But we have mostly good -- Bob Lighthizer was great. We had a lot of great people, but now I know everybody did.

Donald Trump: And I know the good ones, the strong ones, the weak ones, the dumb ones, the smart ones. I know them all. But I was never a Washington guy. I was with you in New York, and I knew New York very well. But now I know Washington better than probably anybody. And I know the good ones and the bad ones, the weak ones and the strong ones, and we got to get there.

Donald Trump: But that is an important -- and then you need secretary of state. You need secretary of defense. They're all important, Dan, every one of them.

Dan Bongino: Yeah, yeah, they are. This attorney general, with everything that the weaponization of the Justice Department is really troubling.

Donald Trump: Absolutely, very important decision, no question about it.

Dan Bongino: Speaking of your trial here as well, Mark Levin, a friend of both of ours, a real great patriot there. He put out a very interesting Thread this morning on his social media accounts, talking about how the Supreme Court, and we don't know yet what's going to happen. But if there is a ridiculous conviction in this sham, disgusting, filth-ridden, grotesque trial, I don't have enough adjectives and adverbs to describe this abomination, that the Supreme Court should take this thing immediately on due process violations.

Dan Bongino: They've yet to state a crime, no less prove beyond a reasonable doubt you committed one. Your thoughts on that. And the left's attempts right now to intimidate the Supreme Court, going after Alito and others, they're clearly doing that to send a message in case this winds up at the Supreme Court.

Donald Trump: Well, they're trying to play the ref. Alito is a tough guy, and he's strong and very, very smart, and he put out a great statement today. In fact, I commented on it. I don't know if you saw that on Truth. Your people love Truth and so do I. And -- but I commented, and I gave him a lot of credit for it. But they play the ref.

Donald Trump: They intimidate him, they still to this day. By law, they have to give -- you can't have protesters walking around the houses. You can't -- they haven't done a thing. What they're doing is so bad. They haven't done anything to protect the justices. They -- it's really disgraceful what's going on. All that -- we heard about it for two years, but Alito is great.

Donald Trump: Thomas is great. The three that I put in, I think they're doing -- I mean, it's a little early, but people are starting to warm up to him, I will say this. But they've got to be strong, and they've got to be tough. Alito has been very tough, very good, and Thomas has been good, and we're going to see how it all works out.

Donald Trump: But it's such an important position, such a big deal. But when I look at the way they're treated, they play the ref. They try and scare them. They try and -- look, they're humans like everybody else, but they try and do Bobby Knight, the great Bobby Knight. It's scream, scream, scream. And Bobby said, "Well, you're not going to win this one, but we'll win the next call, right?" And that's what they do with our judges, not only the Supreme Court justices, but they do it with judges, and they do it with a lot of different people where they're afraid to function.

Donald Trump: People are afraid to function because they don't want to go through it. But the -- and the problem is the left. Look, the problem is the left. I see -- I know the left. I know the right. The big problem here, they don't talk about it. The problem is the left. And the danger comes from -- the big danger comes from the left.

Dan Bongino: Yeah, yeah, they do. I mean, obviously, they've taken on totalitarian tendencies. I mean, we've seen it. The evidence is everywhere. Mr. President, this discussion, I hate to even bring this -- embarrassing to even have this discussion, but this is how crazy they are, this discussion of jail and the Secret Service advancing a jail.

Dan Bongino: I mean, this is third-world-type stuff. I got to tell you, there are third-world, tin-pot dictators who are watching this, and they can't believe what's happening.

Donald Trump: We're living in a third-world country. We have no borders. They're pouring in by the millions, and they're coming from prisons and jails and mental institutions and insane asylums, and they're coming. They're terrorists. Massive numbers of terrorists are coming in. They're coming from the Congo. They're coming from all over Africa.

Donald Trump: They're coming from all over Asia, and they're coming from the Middle East, and they're coming from South America. But you would be amazed. The numbers are getting bigger outside of South America. They're coming from all over the world. We have no idea who they are, in many cases, from where they come. The only thing we know is they're tough as hell, and they're criminals.

Donald Trump: Many, many criminals are coming in. And this -- the horrible president, the worst president in the history of our country is allowing it to happen. He's destroying the fabric of our country, and we're going to have the biggest deportation effort ever, and we're going to get -- and we're going to start with the bad ones, and we know who they are.

Donald Trump: And you know who knows who they are? The local police, they know everything about them. And we're going to give immunity to them, and we're going to let them do their job because they have to. But local police, they're afraid to protect people because they end up losing their pension, losing their job. You know it better than anybody.

Donald Trump: They lose their family if they do their job, and we're not going to let that happen. They have to do their job.

Dan Bongino: So, Mr. President, Joe Biden had a rally in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in a gym. I think about five people showed up: two family members and three members of the media. How does that make you feel that they're trying to hold you up in a court room? And the reason they're doing it is obvious. You go to the South Bronx, a deep blue area, thousands of people show up. It's a raucous crowd.

Dan Bongino: Joe Biden goes to an area that should be Democrat, and five, 10 people -- I'm exaggerating a little bit but not too much. The guy can't draw a crowd. He can't compete against you.

Donald Trump: He's not a leader. And the whole thing was a disgrace. The whole election was a rigged election and a disgrace, and we're going to make it up. November 5th is going to be the most important day in the history of our country. We're going to make it up, and we're going to make America great again. That's all I can tell you.

Donald Trump: We're going to do it fast. We're going to drill. We're going to get energy prices down, like down. I say drill, baby, drill. We're going to get energy prices way down. We're going to bring that -- those numbers. I mean, people are looking at numbers sometimes as high as 50% of costs of things are up. No matter what they're making, they're getting wiped out.

Donald Trump: The middle class is being destroyed. The lower-income people are -- they can't even live under Biden. He talks about Bidenomics. He doesn't use the term anymore. It's a disaster. But the people are being hurt in our country. Look, we wouldn't have had inflation more importantly because, frankly, that's numbers, and it's terrible.

Donald Trump: But we wouldn't have had all those people being killed in Ukraine. It would have never happened. Putin would have never done it. We would have had oil prices down. I mean, the higher oil prices gave him the money to do it, and we had low oil prices. We had low energy prices. You wouldn't have had Israel -- you wouldn't have had the October 7th attack in Israel.

Donald Trump: You wouldn't have any of this stuff. You wouldn't have China. China wouldn't be eyeing Taiwan, which looks like they want it pretty badly. They weren't doing it. I had plenty of talks with him, and I had plenty of talks with Putin. They would have never gone in. Putin would have never gone in. President Xi would have never gone in. We would have had a much different world.

Donald Trump: I'll tell you, Dan, you wouldn't have had -- those two things alone, you wouldn't have had inflation. And if you take those three out -- and you've had -- Iran was, as you know, they were broke. They weren't funding Hamas, and they weren't funding anything. They weren't funding Hezbollah. They weren't funding any of these terrorist states, these terror gangs, you call them, because they're gangs, and they were being funded by Iran.

Donald Trump: Iran had no money. They had no money. We had -- anybody bought -- they couldn't do business in the United States. They had no money. And now they have $224 billion, a lot of money. That's great. There are different, different groups, and they're looking to get a nuclear weapon, and they're going to have one soon because there's this idiot is allowing them to have a nuclear weapon.

Donald Trump: And when they have, you're not going to be able to talk to them anymore.

Dan Bongino: Yeah, yeah, just a new report released on their progress. Mr. President, I'm sorry you're going through all this. Thanks for fighting for the country. We really appreciate it, and thank you so much for these exclusive comments after this sham trial today. We really appreciate it. Thanks for your time.

Donald Trump: It is my honor to be fighting. Thank you very much. Thanks, Dan.

Dan Bongino: Appreciate it very much, President Trump, folks.