Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-carl-higbie-newsmax-new-york-september-19-2024

Carl Higbie: Mr. President, I appreciate you sitting down with us today. One of the big news items right off the top, Teamsters union --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Carl Higbie: They decided not to endorse anyone because the internal polls for them showed that they wanted to endorse you, but the leadership wanted Kamala.

Donald Trump: Well, I know the leadership, and they're very good people. And it's possibly the way they wanted to do it. But we had a tremendous -- I guess we got close to 60 points, which is very high, and they were in the 30s. And so, we were honored by that. You know, the Teamsters, many of them worked for me even doing this building.

Donald Trump: But I built many buildings in New York, and they deliver the concrete, and they delivered it well. So, I think they looked at her, and they looked at me, and they said we can't do it. You know, they've done that for years, decades and decades. It's very rare that they can do a Republican. And I don't know why, but maybe that's going to change.

Donald Trump: This could be a beginning. But, no, we were very honored. Basically, they said we're just not going to support the Democrat, and that was great.

Carl Higbie: Yeah, no, it's fantastic. The other thing is top of your agenda, migrant crisis right now. There's crime everywhere, hundreds of percents higher of mass migration --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Carl Higbie: Under Kamala Harris.

Donald Trump: And getting worse.

Carl Higbie: And worse, yeah. And they didn't seem to realize it until you brought up cat memes. But there's also $70 billion last year left the country that was wages earned by migrants that were untaxed that were shipped back to their home countries. You talked about mass deportation. Is there any way to recoup some of that money leaving the country?

Donald Trump: Well, we can. We can do it through the governments, and we can do lots of different things. But the biggest thing is we have to get these, in many cases, criminals. You know, Carl, many of them come from prisons and jails. They come from mental institutions, I always say, and insane asylums, which is a step beyond.

Donald Trump: They're terrorists, they're gang members, they're people that are causing tremendous crime in the cities. And their crime is down 70 to 80 percent in some of these places. They've taken their criminals and they've put them in the United States. Oh, you haven't seen anything yet. I mean you have not seen anything yet.

Donald Trump: Wait till you see -- as you know, in Colorado, the governor doesn't know what to do. He has no clue. They're taking over -- the Venezuelans. They have weapons like military-style weapons, maybe even more sophisticated. And they're walking in, young, strong guys, lots of them, and they're taking over real estate in Colorado, in Aurora.

Donald Trump: And you know what's happening in Ohio, that's been well-documented. When you have 32,000 people coming in from Haiti and they're coming into a town of 50,000 people, nobody knows what to do. But I know what to do. And we have to solve this problem. This is a problem created by Kamala and Joe. Joe put her in charge of the border.

Donald Trump: She's the worst border czar or border person -- you know, she doesn't want to be called the border czar anymore. She didn't mind it. For three and a half years, she didn't mind it. But now, she doesn't want to be called the border czar. And she's right, she shouldn't be called the border czar because it's a disgrace.

Donald Trump: There's never been anybody has done such a bad job on a border in the history of the world, not just here. And we -- we will straighten it out. But she's not going to straighten it out. If she got elected, you would have 150 million people in this country. Our country would be overrun, and our country would be, frankly, it would be a wasteland. It would be horrible.

Carl Higbie: Yeah. Well, you know, speaking of people coming in, we've had huge problems abroad. Obviously, Iran has hacked your campaign.

Donald Trump: Yeah. How about that?

Carl Higbie: And they've had -- and apparently, the Harris campaign has been the recipient of some of that. They say they haven't. How do you respond to that?

Donald Trump: Well, the FBI said they have. They've -- it's gone over to the Democrats, the information they hacked. I don't know what it can be, but I can -- you know, it's not a nice thing to happen. I call it Iran, Iran, Iran, just like Russia, Russia, Russia. We had to put up with that for two and a half years.

Donald Trump: And after two and a half years, I could have told them the first hour. But after two and a half years -- and they know it was a hoax. But this isn't a hoax, this is real. I mean this is real stuff. They hacked my campaign. They spied on my campaign, and they gave the information to Kamala. So, when is the grand jury meeting? I'd like to know.

Donald Trump: Is there going to be a grand jury? We went through two and a half years on a hoax. This is not a hoax. This was found by the FBI. I can -- I congratulate them for that. But this is not a hoax. They took -- they spied on my campaign, and they gave the information to the Harris campaign.

Carl Higbie: Well, they're not the first people to spy on your campaign, too. You've had issues with that --

Donald Trump: Well, we had Obama, and Biden spy on my campaign, too. Let's see what happens with that.

Carl Higbie: Yeah. Well, you know, in the same foreign area that you have -- obviously, the Israel responding to Hezbollah, the pagers, which may be one of the greatest spy infiltration cases of our lifetimes. What do you make about the fact that they just detonated a bunch of devices on terrorist hips?

Donald Trump: Nobody has ever seen anything like it. It's amazing and sad, so sad in so many ways. But amazing. Look, they're fighting. They're fighting to win. They're both fighting to win. And most people have never heard of such a thing or seen such a thing. It's -- that was a real operation. There's no question about it.

Carl Higbie: Oh, yeah, no, the level of sophistication there. You have two events today actually down --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Carl Higbie: in DC, two different Jewish groups that you're speaking to this evening.

Donald Trump: I do. I do -- yeah, I do. And we want to get that thing over with -- they got to get it over with, and they got to get it over with fast. The public isn't taking it, and nobody's taking it. We have to get it done, have a victory, and be done.

Carl Higbie: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Be done. And they're moving pretty rapidly, I think.

Carl Higbie: The other thing is, you know, a lot of people have -- have watched the growth of government under Kamala Harris, Joe Biden. You were uniquely poised to reverse the growth of government for I think the first time in my lifetime.

Donald Trump: Right.

Carl Higbie: You're talking about adding Elon Musk potentially to your administration.

Donald Trump: Right.

Carl Higbie: To start, you know, eliminating or drastically scaling back different administrations, different industries, different -- different groups. And how would you start that process and how would you get enough people on board to start eliminating?

Donald Trump: So, we have tremendous waste in our government, levels that you wouldn't believe. I could tell you individual stories of the way they build ships and the way they do so many different things. And the money is just in the trillions. And, yeah, I'd have somebody like -- Ellen would love to do it, actually.

Donald Trump: He'd love to -- not as a job. He's got plenty of work to do. He's doing a great job. But he endorsed me, and he feels strongly about it. And he thinks that the waste is just incredible as I do. And somebody like him would understand it. Number two -- number two, really, he'd have the credibility to do something about it.

Donald Trump: He's got great credibility what he's built and what he's done. But, certainly, he would be involved, and we have a lot of other great people. RFK Jr. is going to be involved. And we have just amazing people that have joined the campaign. You know, we announced the other day, Tulsi joined, and she was -- she's always been common sense to me.

Donald Trump: And I've watched her for years, and it was really just common sense. And that's what the party is about. We want walls, we want fair elections, we want -- we got to have honest elections, finally. They're trying to sign all over the place, but mostly in swing states. They are working overtime trying to sign people illegally to vote in the election.

Donald Trump: And the Republicans just have to get tougher. It's crazy.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But they're working overtime to sign people and register people, many of the same people that you just see come across the border, which is probably their original thought. Because why else would they want to destroy our country? Because that is destroying our country. And they'll register people coming out of prisons and jails.

Donald Trump: They'll register anybody they can. And they're trying -- and Republicans are fighting them off. But, you know, I say they don't fight them off tough enough.

Carl Higbie: Yeah. You know, you mentioned RFK, and I want to get to your book in just a second, your new book.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Carl Higbie: But RFK, obviously, a lot of controversy around him as far as his political views joining up with forces with him. But one of the things he does talk about that I think resonates with a lot of people is our health, our food.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Carl Higbie: America has gotten fatter. We've gotten less in shape. We've gotten more unhealthy, more addicted to a system as we spend more in health care, people get less healthy and more addicted. He's talked about things like banning seed oils. Half of our ingredients in our food is banned in Europe. Would you help him on his journey to start banning some of those things?

Donald Trump: Well, there are places, and he's shown me. But I've seen over the years, it's been strange, they do less and they're more healthy, the people. They do less to the food with chemicals and various other things. And yet, the people are seemingly more healthy. And we have to get down to that. And he's very much into that.

Donald Trump: He's been for years. I've known him for years. It was an honor to get his endorsement. It's not easy for a Kennedy to endorse a Republican. But he has really great ideas on that and on the environment. You know, people think of me as not being an environmentalist. I am actually somebody that wants the cleanest air and the cleanest water on the planet.

Donald Trump: And beyond that, we can't destroy our country because, you know, they have a $97 trillion green new scam. If you take it out, 97 trillion, it would take 200 years to pay for it.

Carl Higbie: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And it would only make things worse. Other than that, it's a wonderful idea.

Carl Higbie: Well, your sons are great conservationist, too, so --

Donald Trump: That's true.

Carl Higbie: They care about the environment deeply.

Donald Trump: That's true. People don't know that.

Carl Higbie: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But that's absolutely true. Both.

Carl Higbie: Yeah, so I want to talk about your new book. Already a New York Times bestseller, "Save America." It's your third book since leaving office.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Carl Higbie: It talks about your time in the Oval Office, after the Oval Office, up to and including this assassination attempt -- the first assassination attempt, I'm sorry to say. The cover, obviously, features that iconic photo. You wrote in there about, you knew you were in big trouble, but you -- there was blood pouring down your face everywhere.

Carl Higbie: And yet, you said you felt very safe because God is on my side.

Donald Trump: Well, I maybe even feel that more now. And somebody said the other day, but a lot of people say it, that it was really God that saved me because he wants me to save the country. The country is going so bad with everything that's happening between inflation that's ruining people. It's ruining people, it's killing our senior citizens and -- and a lot of other people, too.

Donald Trump: But you have the war with Ukraine and Russia that's going to end up in World War III with these people because they don't know what they're doing. You just take a look at Afghanistan, how badly --

Carl Higbie: Horrible.

Donald Trump: That was handled. So, I mean, you're a military guy. That was handled -- that's the worst thing probably you've ever witnessed. I've never seen such incompetence. Because of that, Putin went in. But Putin would have never gone in with me anyway. But because of that, Putin went in. And then, you look at what's happening now in the Middle East with Israel and all of this -- think of it.

Donald Trump: If I were president, none of it would have happened, Carl. None of it. No inflation, no war in the Middle East. It would not have attacked Israel. They weren't in a position to do it. They never would have been. And Russia would not have attacked Ukraine. Think of the different world we'd have right now.

Carl Higbie: Yeah. Well, I tell you, personally, the -- the -- I was in Iraq, never Afghanistan, but it hurt my soul to see this rapid pullout. And they try to blame it on you as well. You had a plan -- well, yes, there were metrics to be met. How -- how do you respond to that?

Donald Trump: Well, I heard the other day they tried to blame it on me. You know, for a while, they didn't because it doesn't play. But we had a great plan, and they understood the plan. But the plan was subject to doing a lot of different things. But number one, you don't pull out the military first, OK? They pulled out the military first.

Donald Trump: You pull out the military last. First, you get your American citizens out, you get some other people that were loyal to us out, not the number of people that they took. But there are people, like interpreters and others, that were very loyal to us that are probably maybe gone now or in great danger. We just took out thousands and thousands of people.

Donald Trump: Half of the people we took out were probably terrorists. But we had a plan. And those people, think of it, because of how badly it was done, 13 dead, many horribly wounded, $85 billion worth of equipment goes to them. They display it every year at their little parade. They have a parade where they show the Americans with the equipment.

Donald Trump: My plan was subject to following certain steps, and they didn't follow those steps. And I told my people, "Nope, it's dead." And then, they'd follow the steps, and it was phase two, and they had to follow the steps. They had to follow all of the stuff. They didn't do any of it, and that would mean it was dead.

Donald Trump: Now then, once we said -- once we called them on it because it was subject two, they started doing everything perfectly. It would have been perfect. But these people, they took it over. They had no idea. They just moved. But here's the thing, you have to move the military out last. Because once the military moved out, everybody was -- it was a disaster.

Donald Trump: And then, they had that lift, that so-called airlift that was so horrible. That's where we lost our 13 young soldiers. But a lot of people so horrifically wounded. You know, Carl, they never talked about that. They never like to talk about no arms, no legs, the face just wiped out. They talk about the 13 dead.

Donald Trump: And, of course, we shouldn't -- I got to know those families who are incredible people. But they never talk about soldiers that lost a leg or both legs or both arms --

Carl Higbie: Right.

Donald Trump: Or a soldier that lost two arms and two legs is otherwise very badly wounded, beyond that with the face. And nobody ever talks about that. And it's so horrible what they -- what that was. That was such a -- I think it was the most embarrassing day in the history of our country.

Carl Higbie: I would agree, sir. The other thing you didn't mention, Kim Jong Un, this is someone who hasn't gotten a lot of attention recently. But, you know, in your book, you talk about he had an opportunity like no other to be remembered as the leader who ushered in a glorious new era of security and prosperity for his people.

Carl Higbie: People don't give you credit for crossing that line and going into that country and having a conversation with him.

Donald Trump: Well, I did, and I got along with him great. And he liked me. And I must tell you, I got along with him great. I can't say -- if I'd say I like him, the press will say, "Oh, he likes Kim Jong Un." I got along with him great. I understood him.

Carl Higbie: But that's how you get things done.

Donald Trump: By the way, tough guy, smart guy, and we were not in danger. You know when I -- when they turned over -- when I took over, I sat with President Obama and -- which is a tradition, as you know. You sit sometimes for 10 minutes and sometimes for a long time. I sat with him a long time, actually. And I said what's the greatest problem? He said North Korea.

Donald Trump: That's Kim Jong Un. And I said, "Have you spoken to him? Have you talked to him?" "No." "Have you called him?" And, you know, I guess they were a little bit vague on that. The answer is they called. They tried calling. He wouldn't talk to the Americans, he wouldn't talk to them. But he talked to me. And we had meetings, we had two meetings.

Donald Trump: And I will tell you they were -- it was amazing. We became -- let's put it this way, we were not in danger, and South Korea was not in danger. Now, South Korea is in great danger, and he has a tremendous nuclear stockpile. And he doesn't like the people in this. He doesn't like our leaders at all. He says it very openly.

Donald Trump: He's very plainspoken in that sense. He says it very openly. But we had a very good relationship. I had a great relationship with Putin. Putin would never have done what he did without me there. In fact, they started lining up at the border after I left, and I said, "He must be doing that for purposes of negotiation."

Donald Trump: Good negotiator. And I think he was. And then he got -- I will say this, Biden said the worst things. He said the exact opposite of what he should have said. But I believe Putin lined up at the border to negotiate, and he ended up in a war. That's so bad for everybody. And it could lead to World War III with this group of leaders, the same people that did Afghanistan.

Donald Trump: You know, we said Afghanistan was bad. You'd know this better than anybody because you were such a big military guy and hero. The Afghanistan situation, Milley should have been fired. Everybody that even touched it or smelled it should be fired. He didn't fire anybody. And we have the same people dealing with Russia and nuclear weapons right now as we had in Afghanistan, the most embarrassing moment, I think, in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: So, hopefully, we're going to win the election. We're going to get it all changed. I'll get that war settled before I even become president. I will get it settled while I'm president elect. And the Middle East, you know, we did the Abraham Accords. We did -- we did so many things. The capital -- we had Jerusalem declared capital because we moved our embassy into Jerusalem.

Donald Trump: Not only moved it, we got it built. I got it built in a very rapid fashion.

Carl Higbie: Yeah.

Donald Trump: You know, I spent $500,000 building the embassy. I said find a building. They were going to spend hundreds of millions of dollars to purchase a piece of land that wasn't as good as land we already own.

Carl Higbie: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I said, let me ask you a question. "Do we own land?" "Yes." "Where?" They said, "We'll report back." They come back two days later. They say, "We own a piece here, best location." Because we were there early. You know, we were there very early.

Carl Higbie: Yeah.

Donald Trump: We had the best location. I said, "Is there a building on it?" "Yes." "Is it a good building structurally?" "Yes." I said, "Let's -- let's have fun. Let's build an embassy for peanuts." We built it for $500,000. Think of that. Using Jerusalem stone because there are plenty. It's a very expensive stone outside of the United States.

Donald Trump: I mean, you have to see this, one of the most expensive stones. But in Jerusalem, not expensive. I said, "Let's use Jerusalem stone." And what happened is we ended up building it. They would have spent $2 billion. They were planning on spending $2 billion to build an embassy in Jerusalem. I built it for almost nothing.

Donald Trump: Nobody talks about it, but that's OK. And it's actually a gorgeous embassy. If you spend 2 billion, it wouldn't be as nice as the one you have right now. But we had the land for free, we did some renovation and some of an existing building, which was a very good building that wasn't being used.

Carl Higbie: Right.

Donald Trump: And it was sort of a great thing. We did a lot for Israel, I can tell you that.

Carl Higbie: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And by the way, Israel is in very grave danger.

Carl Higbie: Yeah, I don't think people -- I think people underestimate the danger they're in.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Carl Higbie: But one more thing I want to get to, Supreme Court. You appointed three justices. I mean is it massive triumph for your administration in four years. It led to giving the states the rights to decide where abortion should be limited or not. You know, second term, anybody on the top of your list for that?

Donald Trump: I have a lot of people that I think about. I've gotten to watch judges very closely. And, yeah, I do. I have a lot. And we could get to a point another one or two maybe. But I do watch that very closely. And some judges, I have great respect for, great, great respect. I'm very proud of the people I appointed.

Donald Trump: They have been -- you know, they've been abused by the radical left. It's play the ref. Like Bobby Knight. You know, he'd play the ref, he'd scream and shout and holler. But in his case, it worked. But they're playing the ref. You know, when they go after these judges and justices -- they do both. They go after them viciously.

Donald Trump: It should be against the law, what they do. They threaten them. They mock them. But the public gets it now. But it should be against the law what they do. And I could give you the players. It's all the same players. They mock the hell out of them. They say they're slow, they're incompetent. They're this, they're that.

Donald Trump: And it's just the opposite. They're brilliant, they're genius. They're -- they're quick. They know everything, they're very smart. But they get mocked. And some people would say, "Oh, maybe I won't get mocked if I do the wrong thing and I give the wrong decision." And it's got -- that's got to stop.

Carl Higbie: Yeah. Before I let you go, sir, Fed cuts interest rates by half a percent. I mean, look mortgages are out of control --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Carl Higbie: Car loans. People can't afford things. They can't afford groceries. Do you think it's a political move --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Carl Higbie: Just less than two months before the election?

Donald Trump: Well, it's both. The country is doing badly so you need the cut in one sense. In another sense, it really is a political move. Most people thought it was going to be half of that number, which probably would have been the right thing to do. So, it's a political move to try and keep somebody in office, but it's not going to work because the inflation has been so bad.

Donald Trump: And think of this. They missed the inflation. They missed it. They missed the number. They're either too early or too late. Now, they're too early. Before, they were too late. But inflation is already done. I mean, it's hurt people so badly. And the prices haven't come down. And now, what you're seeing is bigger unemployment numbers.

Donald Trump: You take a look at the unemployment. Because what's happening is the migrants coming in are taking the jobs of the Black population and the Hispanic population. And we're going to stop that very fast.

Carl Higbie: Yeah. Well, Mr. President, it's always a pleasure, sir, and honor to interview you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you.