Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-jesus-hiram-gonzalez-telemundo-arizona-september-12-2024

Jesús Hiram González: First, I want to ask you about your post on your social media account. There will be -- there will be no third debate. Why do you take this decision?

Donald Trump: We just don't think it's necessary. And we think we've discussed everything, and I don't think they want it either. But I think we really ought to focus on running the country. But we have -- we had two debates. I think they were very good debates, pretty much everything was discussed and you want to get on with your business.

Jesús Hiram González: Now, let's talk about Arizona.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Jesús Hiram González: You have been twice in less than a month. Your running mate, JD Vance, came a couple of times last week. How important will be Arizona in this elections?

Donald Trump: Very important. It could be really the deciding factor in who wins. It's a great place, and I've done well here, as you know, won all my primaries. We had two great elections. I think I did better even in the second one, if you want to know, won the first one.

Jesús Hiram González: We see a lot of Latinos and Hispanic community --

Donald Trump: Yes.

Jesús Hiram González: Comes here to support you.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Jesús Hiram González: But in the other side, since you started your campaign, you have -- you have made comments against undocumented migrants. You talk about a massive deportation. Actually, in the last visit from JD Vance, he literally said this, "I have a message from Donald Trump. If you are here illegally, start packing your bags. You are going home in six months."

Jesús Hiram González: How do you think this specific community feels about these comments?

Donald Trump: Well, we look really at the criminal element. We have to look at the criminal element. You don't want that, we don't want that, I don't want it. And that's where we start. So, we want the criminal element out, and they will be out.

Jesús Hiram González: If you were reelected, what you'll do different than Biden and Harris?

Donald Trump: Well, what I want to do is we want to have strong borders. We want people to come into the country, but we want them to come in legally. And that's all of the people. And we want to take care of the Hispanic population and the entire population of our country. We want great people to come to our country, but we do want them to come in. We just want them to come in legally.

Jesús Hiram González: Do you think that we're living in a crisis here in Arizona?

Donald Trump: Do you live what?

Jesús Hiram González: We're living in a crisis?

Donald Trump: I think you're having a crisis in Arizona. You have a housing crisis, and you have a crisis of a lot of illegals coming in, and they're coming from the wrong places. They're coming from places that you don't want them to come from, places where there's a lot of problems and where they are a lot of problem. And we don't want that in Arizona.

Jesús Hiram González: Talking about economy -- economy and housing, Kamala Harris presented her plan that which was focused on helping the middle class. What will Donald Trump do different?

Donald Trump: Well, I have a much better plan. We're going to drive down interest rates. We're going to get the rates down so low, and people are going to be able to buy a house again. We're going to make money available to them. And right now, the money is not available. With me, the rates were at 2 percent, 2.1, 2.

Donald Trump: 2 percent. And now, they're at 10 percent, and you can't get the money. So, you can do a subsidy, but you're not going to be able to buy the house anyway. And actually, with a subsidy like that, all you're going to do is drive up the cost of housing. And that's not what you want. You want to have really the American dream.

Donald Trump: You want to be able to have young people go out and borrow money inexpensively and build a house. The other thing we're doing is we're going to be reducing the price of the house by as much as 40, maybe even 50 percent because of regulation. They have a lot of federal regulation and a lot of regulation on housing, and it drives up the cost of the housing.

Donald Trump: So, we're going to be able to drive it down quite a bit.

Jesús Hiram González: And in 2020, you claim to have won the election. And actually, here in Arizona, the results were pretty close. What do you expect for 2024 election, and will you accept the results?

Donald Trump: Well, I think we're going to win very big. And as long as it's an honest election, I will absolutely accept the results. But it looks like, you know, we're way up in the polls. I think we're going to win big, I hope. That's come from stories, that's come from television. And some of the pets, I don't know, cats or dogs, or both, but some of the pets were taken by the migrants.

Jesús Hiram González: Do you hear this information from local authorities?

Donald Trump: Yes, from local authorities, but also from the newspaper.