Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-kilmeade-jones-fox-news-new-york-march-5-2024

Lawrence Jones: Mr. President, thanks so much for joining us this morning.

Donald Trump: Good morning.

Lawrence Jones: So, Mr. President, let's talk about the reaction from the Supreme Court. You got both a unanimous decision from the liberal wing, the conservative wing. They say that you deserve to be on the ballot and voters get the right to decide. What's your reaction to that?

Donald Trump: Well, I think having a unanimous vote was really great, and they were hoping for it. People were hoping for it because there should be no question. If you're going to win or lose, you have to win or lose at the ballot box, not in a courtroom. And it was a really well-crafted decision. People were very happy about it. Actually, all sides pretty much were respectful of it.

Brian Kilmeade: Right. And then, Jamie Raskin took about three-second break, and then says, "I'm moving on legislation." Listen to what the congressman said.

Jamie Raskin: I am working with a number of my colleagues, including Debbie Wasserman Schultz and Eric Swalwell, to revive legislation that we had to set up a process by which we could determine that someone who committed insurrection is disqualified by Section 3 of the 14th Amendment.

Brian Kilmeade: What do you think about this left-wing movement?

Donald Trump: Well, it's the same losers. They're real losers. If they spent their time focusing on the country and making America great again, that would be a lot better than just wasting their time. I've been going through it for years, beating them for years. And it's the same voices, the same faces. They never stop.

Donald Trump: They don't care about our country. I actually, I don't think they love our country, frankly. They love themselves or their movement, and it's a sick movement. And I'm just focused on winning an election. We have to beat Biden. He's the worst president in history. There has never been a worst president. Our borders are an embarrassment all over the world.

Donald Trump: We have millions and millions of people coming in from jails, from mental institutions. Nobody's ever seen it. Nobody's ever seen anything like this. They're coming in from jails and prisons and mental institutions, these insane asylums. They're terrorists. I mean, you have terrorists pouring in at a level that we have not seen maybe ever.

Donald Trump: And what they're doing to our country is incredible. They're poisoning our country. And we're going to close up our border, and we're going to deport the people. We're going to get them out because no country can sustain what we're going through right now.

Lawrence Jones: Mr. President, you know, I know all too well about that. My home state of Texas is the epicenter. But I want to get your reaction to Super Tuesday. You're going to be competing in a lot of states. A lot of folks say you will get close if you win, like the polling suggests tonight, to get into nomination.

Lawrence Jones: But the question is, how are you going to unify your party and then unify the country after that? Is there a peace deal between you and Nikki Haley to move forward as a party?

Donald Trump: Well, my focus is really, at this point, it's on Biden. We should win almost every state today. I think every state. Last night, as you know, we won with 87% of the vote. We won North Dakota, great state, with a great governor, by the way. But we really look at Biden. We think we're going to be very well-unified.

Donald Trump: I've never seen enthusiasm. Look, I did great in the first one. I did great in the second one.

Brian Kilmeade: Here's what Nikki Haley said about her chances. Because in the polls, as you know, she seems to beat Joe Biden by a wider marginal. You're closing the gap. Here's what she said --

Donald Trump: That's incorrect.

Brian Kilmeade: Here's what she said yesterday.

Nikki Haley: If you look at any of the general election polls, Joe Biden and Donald Trump are even. I think there was a Fox poll today. He was up by two, that's still margin of error. Between last week's poll and this week's poll, I defeat Joe Biden by up to 18 points.

Brian Kilmeade: Your reaction to her as a general -- she thinks he's a better general election candidate. Your thoughts?

Donald Trump: It's a lie. She knows it's a lie. Look, I have beaten by him in every poll taken for the last three months. She loses to Biden in the polls. She had one fake poll that was taken a long time ago, actually before she started on a little kick in which she was up. Nobody ever heard of the poll. Nikki Haley loses to Biden.

Donald Trump: She will lose to Biden. The polls are saying that. And then, when you add other candidates, she loses by even more. We are winning against Biden in every single poll, and everybody knows it, whether it's the New York Times, whether it's any of the polls that have been taken over the last three months. So, she's misrepresenting that fact.

Donald Trump: And it's fine. It's not going to matter because I think we're going to win every state tonight.

Brian Kilmeade: I did -- I did see you're in the poll double digits. But you are up. You won -- you're up by four in the New York Times. You're up by two in the Fox News; The Wall Street Journal, two; and the CBS poll, four.

Lawrence Jones: Mr. President, can we get your reaction to -- it looks like you're winning with Hispanics based on the polling that we got yesterday. You've gained ground, 20 points, with Black voters. I mean, what's the operation going to look like in this general election? I hear from your advisers that there's going to be no city left behind.

Donald Trump: We're going after everything. Look, we have a different country than we had even two years ago. This whole migrant invasion of our country, destruction of our country. You look at what's happened to New York and Chicago. You look at what's happened to Los Angeles. We have a much different country in many ways.

Donald Trump: But also, from a voting standpoint, people that were modestly happy three years ago are devastated right now. Their country has been invaded. They can't go to hospitals. They can't go to schools. They can't use their playgrounds for their kids. They cancel out the little leagues. I read today where little leagues are being canceled out all over the country because you have migrants living all over the parks and the fields.

Donald Trump: Our country is a mess. And --

Lawrence Jones: Right.

Donald Trump: I think you have a much different country than you do. We're going to make a heavy play for New York. We're going to make a heavy play for Virginia states that generally don't go Republican. I think they're going to go Republican in a lot. I think they've got -- I think -- frankly, I think the Democrats have themselves a big problem.

Brian Kilmeade: Well, it's fascinating what's taking place. I think a lot of people are dumbfounded by your numbers and especially over this past weekend, and you compound the momentum you got with the Supreme Court decision. Can we talk about your policies for a second?

Donald Trump: Sure.

Brian Kilmeade: As you know, this president of the United States, when it comes to Israel, is getting protested. Now, he seems to be turning on Israel. With the noncommitted vote that Biden's getting, they're not g like you either because you are firmly in Israel's camp, correct?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Brian Kilmeade: Are you on board with the way the IDF is taking the fight in Gaza?

Donald Trump: You've got to finish the problem. You had a horrible invasion that took place. It would have never happened if I was president, by the way. As you know, Iran was broke, Brian. They were broke. They had no money for Hamas, for Hezbollah. They were broke. This would have never happened. And for another reason, they wouldn't have done it to me. I guarantee you that.

Donald Trump: They did this because they have no respect for Biden. And frankly, they got soft, and what happened here is incredible. That should never have happened. Likewise, Russia would never have attacked Ukraine. Never. You know it, everybody knows it. And that wouldn't have happened. This is all on Biden.

Brian Kilmeade: Do you think the president's in the process of abandoning Israel?

Donald Trump: I do believe that, but I don't think he knows where he is, frankly. I think you could ask him a question right now, ask him the same question, I don't think he knows what to say about many subjects, actually. It's really the people that surround him. It's the fascists and the communists that surround him.

Donald Trump: They're making the calls. They're calling the shots. He's not calling the shots.

Lawrence Jones: Mr. President, what did you feel about Kamala Harris calling for a ceasefire in Gaza? Is that something that you support? Is that something that is totally off the table right now for you?

Donald Trump: Look, I hate seeing what's happening. Again, it would have never happened. This attack on Israel and, likewise, Israel's counterattack, which is what it is, would never have happened if I was president. And you know that, Lawrence. This would have never happened.

Lawrence Jones: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And it's so horrible to watch it. Because you know, if things went right in 2020, which they should have, but they didn't for some very bad and sinister reasons, this would -- all these people that are dead in Ukraine and Russia and Israel and all --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Lawrence Jones: These people that are dead, all these areas that are destroyed, it would -- people would be leading great lives right now. All of these dead people, much more importantly than the physical, but cities that are just totally wiped out all over the place, we're going to end up in World War III. This is the worst president in history.

Lawrence Jones: He makes Jimmy Carter look phenomenal, makes Jimmy Carter

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: Look brilliant.

Brian Kilmeade: The foreign policy, let's bring in domestic for a second. I know in about two or three weeks with your court cases, if I'm going to believe what I read in those decisions, you have to come up with something like $400 million. How close are you to securing the bond or what you need for that?

Donald Trump: I have a lot of money. I could do what I want to do. And we're appealing that decision and we'll see how we do. But I'll tell you what, people are leaving New York. Businesses are fleeing New York because of that decision. They used the statute to go after me that was never used before.

Brian Kilmeade: So, you're not worried?

Donald Trump: Never used before.

Brian Kilmeade: You're not worried about the money?

Donald Trump: I don't worry about anything. I don't worry about the money. I don't worry about money.

Lawrence Jones: Mr. President, a lot of people believe that you're at your best when you're fighting for the American people. And we just heard in the diners, we heard immigration. But the other top issue was the economy. What are you going to do to -- give us some relief when it comes to this inflation. People going to, you know, whether it's the gas station or to the grocery store and they're being hit hard.

Lawrence Jones: How do you fix that in the first hundred days?

Donald Trump: Well, first of all, let me speak to the people in the diner. I saw the vote. And there was 100% Trump, none for my opponent. And I love you and the diner. I will take care of you. And we're going to drill baby drill, and we're going to get prices down. Energy is going to bring it all down. We're going to get a lot of that oil.

Donald Trump: We're going to get the oil and gas right from Texas and other places, but from Texas largely. And I just appreciate it. I saw that vote early this morning. They said -- Will said -- Will's doing a good job, by the way. Will said, "Are you for Trump," and the whole place went crazy. "What about Haley?" Nobody.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: Not one person. So, all of those people in the diner, I love you.

Brian Kilmeade: Right, so speaking of Nikki Haley, she's coming up shortly. After tonight, if the polls are correct, and you were on the table and you were a week away from locking it up, will there be any effort on your side to reach across and say, "OK, just like Ted Cruz, just like Marco Rubio, let's make amends and fight on one side?" Would you call her, reach out to her?

Donald Trump: Look, she said she'd never run against me, and she did. She said she beat Ron DeSantis in Iowa, and she didn't. She ran up, and she didn't. She misrepresents a lot of facts. She's not doing nearly well again. She's not doing very well against Biden. She shows these polls that nobody ever heard of. It's -- you got to tell the facts, you got to tell the truth.

Donald Trump: The answer is I want everybody to come together. We're going to have a unified party because our real opponent happens to be named Biden, and he's a disaster. As I said, the worst president in our country. He's destroying our country.

Lawrence Jones: So, Mr. President, are you --

Donald Trump: So, I don't think in terms of Nikki Haley.

Lawrence Jones: Yeah. So, are you --

Donald Trump: I'll tell you what --

Lawrence Jones: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: I'll tell you what --

Lawrence Jones: Real quickly, because we only got a little bit of time with you, is this your call right now to say after tonight, "Nikki Haley, join me on stage for the good of the Republican Party?" Is that your request for her tonight?

Donald Trump: Well, there's no path for her to win, whether she likes hearing that or not. There's no path for her to win no matter what. Now, today, I should win hopefully every state. I won North Dakota last night in a landslide, 87 to practically nothing. There's no path. You just saw the vote in Texas. That was a poll.

Donald Trump: That diner is a poll. Everybody was 100% for Trump. There is no path. What is she doing other than hurting -- other than hurting the Republican Party? Now, I have to say this. Democrats gave her a lot of money. Democrats are -- because as a certain person, Gavin Newsom said -- there is a man named Gavin Newsom, he interjected himself into this.

Donald Trump: He said, "She's their best surrogate for the Democrats." And that's right. She lost when you had Republican primaries where Democrats were allowed to vote. And they went in large numbers to try and make me look bad, and I still won. And I won in South Carolina against her. So, look, there's no path for Nikki.

Donald Trump: I wish Nikki the best. But she stood up and many, many times and said, "I'd never run against our president. He was a great president. I would never run." And then she ran. So, you know, those things you don't like to see. You like to see people that are truthful. With all of that being said, our party has to come together because we have to beat the Democrats, and they play dirty.

Donald Trump: They play very dirty. And we're going to beat them. And it's going to be the greatest election, maybe even more so -- and maybe more important, I believe that November 5th is the most important day, perhaps, in our country's history. Because November 5th, we're going to hopefully get Biden out. It's going to be Election Day, November 5th, that's the most important day.

Donald Trump: We're going to get rid of Biden, the worst president ever. And we're going to close up our borders, and we're going to drill baby drill, and we're going to have a great economy. I'm doing tax cuts. I gave the biggest tax cuts in history. They're bigger than the Reagan tax cuts, the biggest regulation cuts in history, and we'll go back to what we had.

Donald Trump: We're the greatest economy --

Lawrence Jones: Yup.

Donald Trump: In the history of our country, and we're going to have it again but in spades. It's going to be bigger and better than ever before. But we have to win this election because our country --

Lawrence Jones: Right.

Donald Trump: Can't take too much more of this.

Brian Kilmeade: So, I sense the doors open a little bit --

Lawrence Jones: Yup.

Brian Kilmeade: For reconciliation, and we'll see how this all finishes out tonight. Mr. President, thanks for starting your day with us. Appreciate it.

Lawrence Jones: Thank you, Mr. President, we appreciate it.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you.