Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-maria-bartiromo-fox-business-october-13-2024

Maria Bartiromo: So, how are you feeling? We're just a few weeks away, what, 20-plus days away from the election. How do you feel about the race?

Donald Trump: Yeah. I feel great. We're leading in all swing states. We're leading mostly in nationals, I think. You know, I'm a believer in polls. Some of them are fake like a lot of writers. But I'm a believer in polls, and we're leading in just about every swing state. I think we're leading now in every swing state.

Donald Trump: And she can't talk. There's something wrong with the candidate, but I'll take it. But we have -- I think we're doing very well. Yeah.

Maria Bartiromo: What do you want to say to those voters out there who might be undecided, who don't know what they're going to do yet?

Donald Trump: Well, I think you're going to have -- I think we're going to have a lot of votes. We have something sort of special going on. We have tremendous support. They're so tired of seeing what's happened to this country. They're so tired of seeing the incompetence, seeing the border. And I think the border is maybe a bigger deal than even inflation.

Donald Trump: Inflation is a massive word. The bad economy is massive. The inflation made the economy bad, it made it impossible for people. But I almost think that when they see millions of people coming into our country -- 13,099 murderers, many of them murdered more than one person, when they see that, I actually think that that's -- I think the border is a bigger issue than even the economy.

Maria Bartiromo: It's had --

Donald Trump: Those are the two big issues.

Maria Bartiromo: It's had such an impact, the open border.

Donald Trump: And the other issue that's bad, really big, I think, is how badly they've done with North Carolina, parts of Georgia. When you look at what's happened and Florida, we'll see what's happening there. I think we got a little bit lucky in the sense that it was bad. But it wasn't as bad as they thought. And a lot of governors have done a good job.

Donald Trump: But the response from the White House has been absolutely terrible. Her response has been terrible, so bad that they didn't even want it. I see Ron didn't want her in Florida, said, "Just don't even come here." So, I think we're doing really well. Yeah.

Maria Bartiromo: And, of course, President Biden is blaming you for this bad response to these hurricanes, and the White House is calling it all misinformation.

Donald Trump: They blame me for everything, it's OK. They -- when you look at our numbers, when you look at our economy, when you look at our job numbers, every single chart that you put up, we beat them by numbers that nobody's ever seen. We had the best economy in history. We had the best job numbers in history.

Donald Trump: And we had the best border in history. We had -- we rebuilt the military, and then he gave away a lot of it to the Afghans. He gave it to, you know, the Taliban, I think, in the most embarrassing moment in the history of our country. And then, when you think about it, I think Putin really just said, "Hey, this is a good time because these people are incompetent."

Donald Trump: Putin would never have gone into Ukraine. October 7th would have never happened. And you know what else? Inflation wouldn't have happened, especially with the --

Maria Bartiromo: Do you believe that they used money from FEMA and gave it to the illegal immigrants? Because the White House is saying that that was misinformation as well.

Donald Trump: No, no, it came out from there, and everybody knew it. And it was released from them. Then, all of a sudden, a week later, they come out with a different scenario. And they have so many different pots of money they just -- you know, it just melds, nobody knows it, nobody has any idea. That group has no idea what's happening.

Donald Trump: Look, it's the worst president and the worst vice president in the history of our country. They're horrible. And he can't stand her for one simple reason. She overthrew him. But she didn't do it. The party did. Call it the deep state, whatever it is, but the party did it. And it was really a coup. And I mean, he is a very angry guy.

Donald Trump: But -- and actually, I think he looks better now because now we're comparing him to her. And for the first time, he looks a little bit better, but he's a very angry guy. Look, he got 14 -- I'm not a fan, but he got 14 million votes. She got no votes. She never made it to Iowa. She was the first one -- out of 22 people running, she was the first one to drop out.

Donald Trump: We seem to be up in the swing states and every one of them, and it doesn't matter. Look, I've worked 32 days in a row, and we have another 25 and I intend to work every one of them. I'm not going to take days off. Let's take a little vacation, everybody, right? We're not -- we're running to save our country, so we're not going to be taking any vacation.

Donald Trump: We had such a day a little while ago in Butler. You saw that we had 101,000 people show up, 101,000 people, a tribute to Corey, the firefighter, and a tribute to a lot of things. And it was an amazing -- I don't think I've ever seen anything like it actually.

Maria Bartiromo: Well, the pictures were incredible. Are you able to register some of those people to vote?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Maria Bartiromo: Are you getting those ballots in the boxes?

Donald Trump: We do. We register a lot of people when we do rallies and when we do things like that. And we have the endorsement of Elon, as you know, Elon Musk, who's great. He's a great guy. He had such a good time. He put the black hat on.

Maria Bartiromo: The --

Donald Trump: I didn't even --

Maria Bartiromo: Dark MAGA.

Donald Trump: He calls it dark Maga. How cool is that, right? He calls it -- no, he's a great guy, but he's given us a really powerful endorsement. He's out campaigning in Pennsylvania today. He's actually campaigning. Because he says if we don't win, we're not going to have a country.

Maria Bartiromo: He said this will be the last election if Donald Trump doesn't win. He's very worried about freedom of speech --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Maria Bartiromo: Censorship.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Maria Bartiromo: Is there anything you can do about that?

Donald Trump: Well, I think that we just have to win. The only thing you can do is to win. No, these are bad people, and they're surrounded by very bad people. I think they're surrounded by much worse people than they are. Joe didn't really know too much about where he was, and Kamala is worse than him. Joe is much more competent than her.

Maria Bartiromo: Gallup polling says only 57 percent of Americans are very or somewhat confident that their votes this year will be accurately cast and counted.

Donald Trump: Probably right.

Maria Bartiromo: The percentage who say they are not at all confident in the vote is now 19 percent. It was 6 percent in 2008.

Donald Trump: I don't feel confident. When you have mail-in voting, Jimmy Carter had a commission on it. Nobody does mail-in voting. Now, you look at other countries, France, they go to paper ballots. France had it, and they had a lot of problems. And --

Maria Bartiromo: Well, you don't wan to discourage people from mail-in voting.

Donald Trump: No, I don't. Look, we have to win the election, and then we have to really fix this whole thing because you need borders. I built 571 miles of wall, and they sold the wall for 5 cents on the dollar. You know, it's very expensive. It's exactly what Border Patrol wanted. They sold the wall for 5 cents on the dollar.

Donald Trump: And I said, "You know, they want open borders, they want open borders." And they're always going to want, and she's always going to want open borders.

Maria Bartiromo: Why?

Donald Trump: That's the $64,000 question. Why? I have no idea. Maybe they hate our country.

Maria Bartiromo: One of the elements of the border has brought in Tren de Aragua, this Venezuelan gang --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Maria Bartiromo: Quite dangerous. You told us about this.

Donald Trump: Quite? Not quite. You could take the word, just pure dangerous. They are evil.

Maria Bartiromo: And you told us this back in 2015 and 2016 --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Maria Bartiromo: That Venezuela was emptying their prisons, and they were coming here, and you were mocked for it. How did you know back then that these Venezuelan gangs were coming to America?

Donald Trump: Common sense. It's just common sense. If I'm running Venezuela like their gentleman who's becoming very rich because we're buying oil from Venezuela, you -- can you believe this? We have more liquid gold under our feet than anybody else, and we're buying oil from Venezuela. He's emptying out his prisons.

Donald Trump: But -- but he's not the only one. It's not Venezuela, it's everyone all over the world. The Congo in Africa, we've taken in hundreds of people from their prisons, the Congo all the way in Africa. Many, many countries. The Middle East, we're taking in massive numbers of people and many terrorists, and they're coming into our country, and they're Middle Eastern terrorists.

Donald Trump: And from Asia, we're taking in and a lot from South America --

Maria Bartiromo: There was an Afghan refugee charged with plotting US Election Day massacre.

Donald Trump: Nothing surprises me.

Maria Bartiromo: What about that, though? Are you expecting chaos on Election Day?

Donald Trump: No, I don't think so. Not from the side that votes for Trump.

Maria Bartiromo: But I'm just wondering if these outside agitators will start up on Election Day. Let's say you win. I mean, let's not -- let's -- let's remember, you've got 50,000 Chinese nationals in this country in the last couple of years.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Maria Bartiromo: You have people on the terrorist watch list, 350 in the last couple of years. You've got, like you said, 13,000 murderers and 15,000 rapists.

Donald Trump: Right.

Maria Bartiromo: What are you expecting? Joe Biden said he doesn't think it's going to be a peaceful election day?

Donald Trump: Well, he doesn't have any idea what's happening, in all fairness. He spends most of his day sleeping. I think the bigger problem is the enemy from within, not even the people that have come in and destroying our country. By the way, totally destroying our country. The towns, the villages, they're being inundated.

Donald Trump: But I don't think they're the problem in terms of Election Day. I think the bigger problem are the people from within. We have some very bad people. We have some sick people, radical left lunatics. And I think they're the -- and it should be very easily handled by -- if necessary, by National Guard, or if really necessary, by the military, because they can't let that happen.

Maria Bartiromo: You told me back in February that you were going to rent out Madison Square Garden for a rally.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Maria Bartiromo: And, now, you're going to do it at the end of October.

Donald Trump: Not only Madison Square Garden, we're taking four or five arenas. We fill them up very fast. As you know, we took where the Islanders play in Long Island. We had, I guess, 22,000, 23,000 people, and we could have sold it out literally three times. We had thousands of people. We had tens of thousands of people that couldn't get in.

Donald Trump: We put screens on the outside of the building so they could see it. But that was incredible. And we just signed on Madison Square Garden. We're probably going to make a deal in Atlanta. We're trying to get the Atlanta arena. And we fill them up in -- in minutes, and there's a great enthusiasm --

Maria Bartiromo: I think Madison Square Garden can only hold 20,000 people.

Donald Trump: We're going to fill it up very fast. It's true.

Maria Bartiromo: Yeah. Why did you have to go back to Butler?

Donald Trump: Unfinished --

Maria Bartiromo: I like the way you started, "As I was saying." [Begin videotape]

Donald Trump: As I was saying -- [End videotape] Yeah, unfinished business, I think. I wasn't sure if I should start it that way, but I guess that was a good thing. And it was beautiful too because the audience understood it immediately. Then, we had a moment of silence. And then, we had the great bells of Notre Dame.

Donald Trump: We have the taping of the great bells of Notre Dame. You heard the bells going and there are no bells like that in the village. So, we had the great bells. And then, we had Christopher, great opera singer, and he sang Ave Maria and it -- and I was looking at this massive audience.

Maria Bartiromo: Wow.

Donald Trump: And half of the people were crying. I mean it was incredible -- everybody. I mean the place was going wild.

Maria Bartiromo: You made some news in your Detroit speech --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Maria Bartiromo: With new proposals. But I want to get your take on your economic policy. First, debt and deficits, because you've said you want to eliminate taxes on tips --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Maria Bartiromo: Eliminate taxes on Social Security on overtime pay, ending the double taxation --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Maria Bartiromo: Of Americans living abroad, proposal to make car loans interest tax deductible.

Donald Trump: That was -- that was said --

Maria Bartiromo: You said that in Detroit. You even introduced this 15 percent corporate tax rate for companies who produce in America and hire American workers. But how will you pay for it?

Donald Trump: We have massive --

Maria Bartiromo: The Committee for a Responsible Budget says your plans --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Maria Bartiromo: Will increase the debt by $7.5 trillion.

Donald Trump: Yeah. But they don't know --

Maria Bartiromo: The Wall Street Journal said that your plans will increase the debt and deficits more than Kamala Harris'.

Donald Trump: If I do this, you're going to have car companies coming back to the country because of the taxes and the tariffs. The tariffs will protect them when they come in, so they will protect from other companies coming in. Because if the other companies don't come in, they're going to have to pay massive tariffs, and that's it.

Donald Trump: So, I was told here's -- what was happening. China was building massive car plants, big car plants in Mexico. That's the new one. And I just spoke to the man that does it. He's a friend of mine. And I said, "How's it going with Mexico? What's happening with the car plants?" He said, "Sir, they've totally stopped."

Donald Trump: I said, "Why did they stop?" "Because they think you're going to be elected. And if you get elected --" you know, I told them. I said, "If I get elected, I'm going to put a 200 percent tariff on every car, and you're not going to ever sell them into the United States." Because if they ever built those plants, Detroit is finished.

Donald Trump: South Carolina is -- everything's finished. So, I said here's what you're doing. They think they're going to go over there and build the biggest plants in the world, in Mexico, right opposite us and sell them in. Not going to happen. The autoworkers are way down in the last four or five months. They've lost a lot of jobs.

Donald Trump: They're doing this ridiculous electric mandate. Everything. You sell gas propelled cars, you sell hybrids, and you sell electric. Electric is great. It's wonderful for some -- for some people, but not for everybody. They -- they have it mandated that all cars will be electric. It's a crazy -- they don't go far enough.

Donald Trump: And as soon as I started talking about what I'm going to do, they stopped building all of the plants in Mexico. I said I was going to put tariffs. To me, tariffs are very beautiful word. It's a word that's going to make our country rich again. Without tariffs, we have -- we have a busted country. We have --owe $35 trillion.

Maria Bartiromo: But what about the criticism, and The Journal has done this as well, that if you do put something like a 200 percent tariff on a product, that it's only going to mean higher prices for consumers.

Donald Trump: No, no, it doesn't mean that -- no.

Maria Bartiromo: It's got to be passed on somehow.

Donald Trump: No, no, no, right. All I'm doing is saying I'll put 200 or 500, I don't care. I'll put a number where they can't sell one car into the United -- I don't want them to sell the car because I don't want them hurting our car companies. We're going to have a lot of companies moving into the United States.

Donald Trump: When I use 200, I'm using it as a number. I don't want their car. They will not be able to sell cars. I'm not going to let them build a factory right across the border and sell millions of cars into the United States and destroy Detroit further. You know, we lost, over the years, 70 percent of our cars.

Donald Trump: We're going to bring back those -- those companies. And I'll tell you what, they're going to come back in spades, and they're going to come back fast. And they'll go to Michigan and they'll go to South Carolina. They'll go all over -- they'll go to different places. Tennessee is very big. But we're not going to let them sell cars from a nice new factory owned by China located in Mexico.

Maria Bartiromo: So, your thinking is -- is the threat of a 200 percent tariff --

Donald Trump: Sure. Sure.

Maria Bartiromo: Will stop them from taking the car. So, you won't actually have to do it.

Donald Trump: Of course.

Maria Bartiromo: So, you're not going to actually push prices higher. That's your thinking.

Donald Trump: Until now, I said 200. I'm using that just as a figure of speech.

Maria Bartiromo: But you say 200 a lot.

Donald Trump: I'll say -- well, I'll say 100, 200, I'll say 500, I don't care. They're not going to bring cars into this country from Mexico and destroy what car companies we have left. But much more than that, I'm going to protect -- when a company comes to the United States. We're going to have a lot of companies come in because of all of the other things we can do.

Donald Trump: And remember, we have the real market, we have the golden market, we have the money. But if we keep running like we are for the last three or four years, we're going to lose all of that. We're going to also lose the sanctity of the dollar. People aren't going to rely on the dollar. And they're going to do that, they're going to all come back.

Donald Trump: And if they don't rely on the dollar, then I'm not going to let them sell into the United States. I'm going to tell them, "Look, if you're not going to rely -- rely on us as the currency of choice, then you are not going to be able to do business in the United States." You know what they're going to say? "I love the dollar very much," every single one of them because we are losing that.

Donald Trump: You know, China is trying to take that away from us. And I'll say -- by the way, I'll say the same thing to China. Like, I put a 27.5 percent tariff on cars from China, so they haven't been able to pillage our country and close up our factories and lose our jobs. Otherwise, they'd be selling cars in here like hotcakes.

Donald Trump: And if you take a look at what they're doing to Europe, China is -- is destroying the -- the automobile business of Europe.

Maria Bartiromo: So, I'm just trying to understand how are you going to pay for all of this no tax on stuff. And you said that there's a lot of fat in government --

Donald Trump: No, growth.

Maria Bartiromo: That you're going to save --

Donald Trump: No, I said -- I gave you an answer. Growth.

Maria Bartiromo: Growth, yes.

Donald Trump: We're going to grow at a level that you've never seen before.

Maria Bartiromo: OK.

Donald Trump: And we're going to have tremendous jobs. And we're going to have companies coming in left and right, and they're going to be building factories. They're going to take over empty hulks that are all over the place from companies that left.

Maria Bartiromo: But you've also said that there's a lot of fat in government that you would want to slim down.

Donald Trump: Incredible fat so --

Maria Bartiromo: So, what agencies would you want to shut down?

Donald Trump: Well, let me -- let me -- have you asked another person that because I'm going to have Elon Musk, he's -- he is dying to do this. You know, he's a great business guy, actually. You think of him for science and rockets. And every time I think -- he's telling me about a new screw that was developed. He's developed a new screw.

Donald Trump: Screws are difficult, and it's made out of titanium, and it's so exciting. But you know what, he's a great business guy, and he's a great cost cutter. You've seen that and he said I could cut costs without affecting anybody.

Maria Bartiromo: So, he will be in the cabinet?

Donald Trump: Not in the cabinet, he doesn't want to be in the -- he just wants to be in charge of cost cutting. He'll have a new position, secretary of cost cutting, OK? Elon wants to do that. And we have incredible people. He's running a big business. You know, he can't just say, "Oh, I think I'll go into the cabinet."

Donald Trump: You know, other people can, he can't. But Elon's a little bit different in that sense. And besides that, I want him to send the rocket up to Mars. He said -- he's made me a promise, he'll get to Mars before the end of my administration, which will be long before, hopefully, China or Russia. I created Space Force, first time that's been done since the Air Force.

Donald Trump: Air Force was the last, it was 81 years ago. And I did Space Force. And when Biden heard it, he laughed. He thought it was so funny. He didn't understand it. And he tried to end it, and the military went down on him. You wouldn't believe it. It's now going to be one of our most important things. We were getting killed in space by China and by Russia. And now, we're leaving in space.

Maria Bartiromo: You said in your Detroit speech that you want to renegotiate your USMCA deal with Canada and Mexico.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Maria Bartiromo: But doesn't that undermine the deal that you put together?

Donald Trump: No, because I put together a deal that gives me the right to renegotiate because these are very smart people.

Maria Bartiromo: Why do you want to renegotiate it?

Donald Trump: Because I want to make it a much better deal, I want to -- I want to take advantage now of the car industry. I want it -- which lets me do that. So, I put a clause in -- the hardest clause I had with them was I want to be able to see how it's working, and I want to renegotiate. No way, no way, we want -- you know, I said, "That's the way it is. Either you do that, or I'm not going to make a deal, or --"

Donald Trump: and I don't mind. I didn't mind not making a deal by the way. The problem we had is NAFTA. We had to get rid of it, it had to get out. It was the worst deal. Do you know when they signed NAFTA many years ago, they made typos and they made mistakes in the agreement that normally you would just sit back and change the following day? Nobody went back to change it.

Donald Trump: And it was things like numbers, you know, they put wrong numbers in. They didn't really put wrong -- the other people made them put wrong -- you know, they put wrong numbers in. And nobody changed it for 30 years.

Maria Bartiromo: So, what about USMCA? What's -- what do you want to renegotiate?

Donald Trump: There are always things that you can do better. I got a clause that gives me the right to renegotiate it, who else would think of that except a businessperson, a good one. I'm a really good businessperson, I will tell you. So, that's the story. I'm able to renegotiate it. And I will renegotiate to the benefit of our country.

Donald Trump: We've been screwed by Mexico and by China and by Canada and by the European Union. Oh, European Union, it sounds so nice. The villages of the European Union, right? They are brutal. When you add up all of those countries, they're about the same size as us. They're a little bit smaller. And the European Union takes advantage of us unbelievably.

Donald Trump: But I made a great deal with Japan. I made a great deal with South Korea. I said to them, "We've got 40,000 soldiers over there. They're in harm's way now." I happen to get along with Kim Jong Un very well. If I didn't -- and it started off nasty. Remember? Little rocket man. I called him little rocket man.

Maria Bartiromo: I remember.

Donald Trump: He called me things. And then, he said, "I have a red button on my desk." And I said, "I have a red button also, but it's bigger, and my red button works." And it was really nasty. And a lot of people were worried, actually. And then, he called me, and he said, "I'd like to get together." You know, I asked President Obama.

Donald Trump: He said the single biggest problem we had was North Korea. You know, they have great nuclear force. And he said he thinks that's the biggest problem. I asked him, I said, "What's the biggest problem?" He said North Korea at our little meeting before. You know, it's a ritual. You meet with the president, the new president coming in.

Donald Trump: I said, "What's the -- what's the biggest problem?" He said North Korea. He said -- they were close to going to war, I think. And we would have had a nuclear war with millions of people killed. And when I was in there, I got along great with Kim Jong Un. I got along great with Putin despite the fake Russia, Russia, Russia hoax.

Maria Bartiromo: Yeah, well, you're talking about nuclear facilities now with regard to Israel.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Maria Bartiromo: And, you know, you said that you think that Israel should, in fact, hit Iran's nuclear facilities. Isn't this dangerous to be talking about impacting --

Donald Trump: No, you don't want --

Maria Bartiromo: Nuclear facilities?

Donald Trump: You can't let them have a nuclear weapon. Here's the story. When I left, Iran was broke. I said to China, "You can't buy oil. And if you buy one barrel of oil, I'm not doing any business with you in the US. You're shut out. We're going to go cold turkey," which a lot of people say let's do that anyway.

Donald Trump: And I said in addition to that, anything that gets through is going to have 100 percent tariff. And Japan and others and China said, "We'll pass." And Iran was doing zero -- almost zero business. And they were broke and ready to make a deal. Now, they have $300 billion. He took all the sanctions off, and they're the ones that are sponsoring all the terror.

Donald Trump: He took all the sanctions off, took everything off, and it's too bad. I want him to be --

Maria Bartiromo: Well, if you go -- if you get back in, are you going to go back to maximum pressure on Iran?

Donald Trump: I can't tell you that, and I'll tell you why. I think it's so bad to tell a broadcaster -- and you're a good one, a journalist. I don't want to say what I'm going to do in a negotiation because you can't negotiate that way.

Maria Bartiromo: I thought it was odd that today, President Biden said that he spoke with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for the first time in seven weeks --

Donald Trump: It's pathetic.

Maria Bartiromo: or something.

Donald Trump: Yeah. It's pathetic.

Maria Bartiromo: They've been at war for over a year.

Donald Trump: So --

Maria Bartiromo: And he hasn't spoken with him in seven weeks. When was the last time you've spoken with Netanyahu?

Donald Trump: Like, two days ago, and he came to my house in Florida, Mar-a-Lago with his wife who was lovely. But he came to my -- to Mar-a-Lago. He came to -- I guess, he was --

Maria Bartiromo: Yeah, I saw the visit.

Donald Trump: At the White House, maybe the UN --

Maria Bartiromo: Is there anything you could share with us in terms of that, the Israel-Iran conflict? What would you do --

Donald Trump: Yeah. I could --

Maria Bartiromo: To end the war on Israel?

Donald Trump: I could -- I could tell you that Bibi has been very strong. He's not -- he is not listening to Biden. Don't forget --

Maria Bartiromo: It sounds like he stopped sharing information with the US.

Donald Trump: Don't forget -- look, look, Biden is the one that came up with the Afghanistan plan, take the soldiers out first and leave all that weakness, leave Bagram behind. Bagram is one of the biggest air bases in the world. We built it for billions and billions of dollars many years ago. It's one hour away from where China makes its nuclear weapons.

Donald Trump: And he gave it up. He's a fool. And we can't have another fool as a president. Biden is smarter than she is. We can't have this for another four years. We're not going to have a country left.

Maria Bartiromo: Do you have a message for the people who are trying to come to America legally and they're still waiting?

Donald Trump: It's so -- it's so sad. It's so sad. You have people that have been waiting for 11 and 12 years, and then you have other people that just walk through, and everybody wants to give them amnesty. But the bigger problem is this. So, many of those people are criminals. We're a laughing stock all over the world.

Donald Trump: They are opening up their jails, and they're opening up -- they're taking MS-13 off the street. I took them out by the thousands. ICE, we love ICE. I love ICE. They fight. They know how to fight, they like to fight. But they love our country. And you put them into what they call a rat pack of MS-13, probably the worst gangs in the world.

Maria Bartiromo: Yeah.

Donald Trump: They use knives because it hurts people more. You put them into that. And they -- it's a rough deal.

Maria Bartiromo: But there are people who are coming here legally, and they're waiting for years --

Donald Trump: Yeah, yeah.

Maria Bartiromo: To get their citizenship. So, do you have a message for those people?

Donald Trump: Yeah. Stay there because we want people to come in. Just so you understand, I want people to come in, but they have to come in legally. That's going to be stepped up. You know, we need more people, especially when these companies are coming in. We're going to have companies. But they have to come in with love for the country, and they have to come in with some competence.

Donald Trump: OK, think of this. What you just said is so important. He just said not only did he ban identification, voter identification, he said it's illegal for you to even ask somebody for voter identification. Think of that. You know, the Democratic convention, when they had their last convention, I saw the cards, you know, the passes that the people get.

Donald Trump: They have a massive picture of themselves from the side, from the front, like almost a prison picture. They have all sorts of numbers. They have Social Security. They have everything on it. But for voting, they say you can't have --

Maria Bartiromo: It seems like the union workers agree with you. Why do you think the workers are with you, but the union bosses, some of them, some of the union bosses, are not?

Donald Trump: The bosses are with me, too, but they -- it's very hard for them after 50 years of voting Democrat automatically to -- to go. I think -- OK, look, I got the popular vote in the Teamsters by a landslide. You know, that Sean O'Brien, the head of the Teamsters, he's a fantastic man. I don't want to put him in a bad position, frankly.

Donald Trump: You know, he's in a little bit of a bad position because the people that voted for me are -- you know, it's very substantial, like over 60 percent. And they said, "Well, you know, why aren't you doing this?" But I have a lot of respect for him. He's a great guy. Shawn Fain of the Auto Workers -- I win the autoworkers in a landslide.

Donald Trump: What he's done with his electric mandate is he's going to put his -- his autoworkers out of business. They would go with me. I think I have every union, every nonunion worker because they know that, two things, I'm going to protect them, both militarily and with the police. We're going to put the police -- we're going to allow the police to start doing their job.

Donald Trump: When 500 guys run into a department store to rob it and take the whole place and strip it and walk out with refrigerators and air conditioners -- I mean, they're carrying refrigerators out. And the police are standing there. You know, they're shaking. They're so angry, right? They want to do their job.

Donald Trump: They're not allowed to. They say, "If you do your job, we're going to take away your pension, your house, your car. You're going to lose your wife or husband." It's so unfair, and they want to do their job. And the other one, Border Patrol. I love the Border Patrol guys. They're great. They want to do their job so badly, but they're not allowed to.

Donald Trump: You know, Border Patrol endorsed me. Do you know that every single -- I believe every single police force in this -- the sheriffs, the fraternal order, I got -- the other day 400,000 policemen endorsed me. I think every policeman in the country endorsed me. I don't think they -- I'm not sure that they have one police person because she's terrible.

Donald Trump: You know, she was involved with defund the police. Anybody that was involved with defund the police has no right to be the president of the United States.

Maria Bartiromo: How are you going to guard against the bureaucrats undermining you in the second term?

Donald Trump: Well, they're going to undermine -- well, I always say -- so we have two enemies, we have the outside enemy and then we have the enemy from within. And the enemy from within, in my opinion, is more dangerous than China, Russia, and all these countries, because if you have a smart president, he can handle them pretty easily.

Donald Trump: I handled -- I got along great with all -- I handled them. But the thing that's tougher to handle are these lunatics that we have inside like Adam Schiff, Adam "Shifty" Schiff. Think of this. The guy is going to be a senator. He's running against a guy that doesn't understand politics at all, Garvey, but he was a good baseball player.

Donald Trump: But he doesn't understand politics at all. Adam "Shifty" Schiff, who's a total sleazebag is going to become a senator. But I call him the enemy from within. When you look at the danger he put our country in potentially with Russia with a phony made up deal that he made up with Hillary and some bad people -- you know that was -- that started off as an excuse for why she lost an election that a lot of people thought she should have won because the polls indicated she might win.

Donald Trump: And then, she got beaten everywhere virtually. When you look at that, and then they said, "Ah, it was Russia," they used it as an excuse. And then, the fake news picked it up. And while you're on this, let's talk about the single greatest scandal, in my opinion, on broadcast history. 60 Minutes in CBS interviewed Kamala, and she's incompetent.

Donald Trump: She gave them the dumbest answer anyone's ever heard. So, they took that answer out, threw it out, the whole answer, they threw out. And they took another answer that she gave to a totally different question and inserted it. And supposedly, they did this a number of times. And they got caught. 60 minutes and CBS should lose their license for that.

Maria Bartiromo: Mr. President, last week, I spoke with the former first lady --

Donald Trump: Yeah. Great.

Maria Bartiromo: Your wife, Mrs. Trump. And she told me she's pro-choice. She wrote it in her book. A woman's body is her decision. Kamala Harris' running mate, Tim Walz, he went on Fox News last week, and he said, "Donald Trump is asking for a nationwide abortion ban."

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Maria Bartiromo: Do women need to fear this?

Donald Trump: No, no, no --

Maria Bartiromo: Tell us clearly and concisely right now what your abortion --

Donald Trump: Let me just tell you --

Maria Bartiromo: Stance is.

Donald Trump: Let me just tell you. I think that it's something that's off the table now because I did something that everybody's wanted to do. I was able to get it back to the states. Every legal scholar, for 52 years, they've been fighting this issue. It's been tearing apart our country. For 52 years, they've been fighting.

Donald Trump: Every legal scholar said it shouldn't be in the federal government, it should be into the states and a vote of the people. Let the people vote. And I was able to do that because of six very brave and very smart -- but they were brave in a certain way.

Maria Bartiromo: I just wanted you to say it on the record --

Donald Trump: Let me just tell you one thing. It's very important to me to have the exceptions. Like Ronald Reagan had the three exceptions: life of the mother, rape, and incest. Very important. And it's gone back to the people. It's gone back to the states. And now, they're working it out. Many states already worked out already.

Donald Trump: And this is what every great legal scholar wanted for 52 years, and this is what every Democrat and Republican wanted. Everybody wanted it. And I did it. Now, we'll see what happens. I will say this, that issue has been, in my opinion, largely diffused, largely diffused.

Maria Bartiromo: What about the swing states? I know you're leading in all of these swing states. Are there areas that you're focused on that you feel those people need to hear you --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Maria Bartiromo: Whether it's Hispanics or Blacks or women or swing states?

Donald Trump: Well, you see the polls with Black men. I have numbers with Hispanics that nobody's ever seen before. Do you know on the Texas border, which is largely Hispanic all the way up and down, I think I'm doing great with men. Great. But I also think I'm doing really good with women because women want protection. They want --

Maria Bartiromo: What about security?

Donald Trump: They want security. They don't want to have migrants coming into their backyard. And I'm going to get the migrants out.

Maria Bartiromo: Mr. President, I know that you've been doing a lot of Gen Z and you're doing more Gen Z podcasts. Is the influence coming from Barron, your son?

Donald Trump: A little bit. I mean, he tells me about all the hot guys, people I never heard about. "Dad, that guy is hot." You know, he's very cute, actually. Yeah, a little bit. You know, Barron's a very good student. He's going to a very good school. He always got good marks. He's also tall, very tall. He's a tall student.

Donald Trump: But, yeah, a little bit. But, you know, Don knows a lot about it, and Eric knows a lot about it, Tiffany knows a lot.

Maria Bartiromo: Congratulations on Tiffany on the baby.

Donald Trump: Ivanka knows a lot. Yeah, she's having a baby. Yeah, she's got a very good husband.

Maria Bartiromo: Real quick on China, Mr. President. Is China buying all the oil from Iran and basically complicit here and supporting Iran in its efforts to attack Israel?

Donald Trump: No, I don't blame China at all.

Maria Bartiromo: You don't?

Donald Trump: Well, I told China don't do it, and they didn't. I said, "If you do it, you're not doing any more business with the United States, and the --"

Maria Bartiromo: To what, buy oil from Iran?

Donald Trump: No, but nobody's telling them that. You know, a lot of people say they did the whole COVID thing because they wanted to see any way we could get this guy out of office. I don't believe that. I think it was just incompetence. I think somebody came out of the Wuhan lab, had lunch with his girlfriend, he wasn't cleaned up.

Donald Trump: She caught it, she died. And it started. That's the way I think it happened.

Maria Bartiromo: I don't understand why two assassination attempts are not talked about every day anymore.

Donald Trump: Well, that's because it's -- because there's, you know, I don't want to say conspiracy theorist and all that, but you could ask that question. I mean, I'll give you an example. They've got one guy with six guns or six -- six phones. They haven't broken into those phones.

Maria Bartiromo: Why not?

Donald Trump: Because maybe they don't want to know what's in those phones. Then, you have the first guy with three apps. And the three apps are -- two of them are foreign from what I understand. Why haven't they broken into those apps and found out where are they? Because you know what? Two of them were foreign. So, it's very hard to break into a phone, actually.

Donald Trump: Apple can do it. But other than Apple -- they have a key. It's an amazing thing. It's very hard to do it. And Biden should do something else. He should tell Iran, where I do have an open death threat, "If you touch this guy, who's a former president and now he's the leading candidate to be president, we're going to blow your whole damn country up," and then it would stop immediately.

Donald Trump: They cannot threaten an ex-president, who is a very strong -- you saw the betting odds. They're through the roof, right? It's a strong possibility to become the president again. If they did that, he should say, "We're going to blow your whole damn country up."

Maria Bartiromo: And he didn't respond to attacks on our troops either.

Donald Trump: No, he doesn't -- he never responds. But they never attacked our troops with me. They never did. And I took out Soleimani, but I did that for a reason because he was going to blow up our military. Soleimani, the great general, he was a great Iranian general, he was working on blowing up five of our military installations.

Donald Trump: So, I felt that was a defensive move. I had to do it. This country has gone bad. We're a failing nation. We're a nation in great decline, great decline. And I don't like saying it, but we are a nation in great decline. We've been led by a man who's in great decline. And now, we have a woman who's worse than he is.

Donald Trump: And we have to win the election. November 5th is going to be the most important day in the history of our country.