Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-anthony-dabruzzi-spectrum-news-wisconsin-new-york-may-7-2024

Anthony DaBruzzi: You were on the campaign trail in Wisconsin last week. This interview, obviously, remote today. So, you're in New York for Day 13 of your trial today. How have you adjusted your campaign to deal with that?

Donald Trump: Well, you do the best you can. I have a judge who's taken away my First Amendment rights. I'm not allowed to speak, essentially. If you say anything slightly off, he wants to put you in jail. He's a partisan, biased judge, a terrible judge who's totally conflicted. He shouldn't be a judge.

Anthony DaBruzzi: Trump has repeatedly violated the judge's gag order, which prevents him from speaking out about the participants in the trial. Violations are punishable by fines or jail time. A recent fine was for his comments about the makeup of the jury. With that being the case, I asked, do you plan to testify in court?

Donald Trump: Probably so. I would like to. I mean, I think so.

Anthony DaBruzzi: Trump also doubled down on his call to end pro-Palestinian protests on campuses across the country.

Donald Trump: Peaceful protests are fine, but these aren't peaceful. These are very, very much the opposite of peaceful when you look at what's happening, and they're all over the place. There's a tremendous upheaval taking place in our country. And it's a shame. And we have a president, he can't speak. He -- he just doesn't make any statements.

Donald Trump: Nobody knows where he stands.

Joe Biden: Hamas unleashed this terror.

Anthony DaBruzzi: President Biden, however, has been clear that he, too, supports peaceful protests but doesn't want dissent to lead to disorder. During a somber Holocaust Remembrance speech, Biden condemned antisemitism and blamed the current violence on Hamas. We also talked about his plan to select a running mate. What do you feel you need from a VP candidate to strengthen your campaign?

Anthony DaBruzzi: Are there any non-negotiables for you?

Donald Trump: Well, the most important thing is always going to be will they be a good president because if something should happen, you know, it's such an important -- it's such an important position. But if something should happen to me, we -- when something happens to me, which can happen, you have to make sure that somebody really good is in there to take your place.

Donald Trump: So, that's always got to be the No. 1 criteria. And number two is helping to get elected, getting some votes. Traditionally, however, and you know this probably better than I do, VPs have never really helped in the election process.

Anthony DaBruzzi: As far as the shortlist goes, Trump isn't naming names but had this to say about South Dakota Governor Kristi Noem when asked.

Donald Trump: I like her a lot. So, you know, I don't want to comment on anybody on the list, but she had a rough couple of days, I will say that.

Anthony DaBruzzi: Regardless, don't expect Trump to name a running mate anytime soon. Trump isn't feeling the pressure to pick someone to campaign on his behalf while in court.