Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-greg-gutfeld-fox-news-september-18-2024

Greg Gutfeld: All right, all right. First of all, I would like to apologize to tonight's audience and the viewers at home, we will not be airing The Steve Doocy cooking segment tonight. We apologize to Mr. Doocy, but you'll still be able to get his new book, "Cooking with Crisco" for free. Instead, we have a very special show tonight, so let's welcome our guest.

Greg Gutfeld: She's still quite humorous with a fetus in her uterus, New York Times bestselling author, Fox News contributor, Kat Timpf. She's from San Francisco but still appreciates indoor plumbing, co-host of "Outnumbered," Emily Compagno. His deltoid can deflect an asteroid, New York Times bestselling author, comedian, and former NWA World champion, Tyrus.

Greg Gutfeld: And he loves Diet Coke, but hates the woke choosing this insanity over Sean Hannity. Let's crank it up to 11 for President 45 and 47, the man who finally made that vacancy at six-foot-two, fighting out in the red corner from Queens, New York, the 45th president of the United States, Donald J. Trump. There you go. So, Mr. P, how's your golf game?

Donald Trump: Well, I haven't been thinking about it too much lately. I always said golf is a very dangerous game.

Greg Gutfeld: It really is. It really is especially if they're playing with you.

Donald Trump: Yeah, that's true. That's true.

Greg Gutfeld: That was a mean joke.

Donald Trump: Pretty sad.

Greg Gutfeld: If they had told you that the shooter was there, would you have tried to take him out with your three wood?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I think so.

Greg Gutfeld: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I think so, if I knew. Actually, the Secret Service did a great job. They saw the barrel of a gun, big gun, and it came out through bushes. And how many people would see that? You know, he really was very exceptional to have done it. And we've been going through a lot of it. We're getting very good at it.

Donald Trump: But I don't want to say that too loudly because we don't want to bring any jinxes along, Tyrus.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: I'm with you.

Donald Trump: But it's, I think --

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: I mean, at least he could have yelled for it.

Greg Gutfeld: This is not a good thing to have practice at.

Donald Trump: No.

Greg Gutfeld: You're getting really good at stopping assassinations of Donald Trump. I want to ask you. So, Kamala Harris and the President Joe Biden, if he's still president, we don't know. They called you after you got shot at and wished you well to say all these nice things.

Donald Trump: Yeah, they do.

Greg Gutfeld: But they're the same people that, moments before, say you're a threat to democracy, an existential threat, worse than Hitler. Does that mean that everything they say is full of bleep?

Donald Trump: Well, you know, both of the shooters, one is dead and the other one is in prison. And it was really a great work again by Secret Service and a woman who saw somebody running and running for the car because he was caught and the Secret Service agents started shooting at him, didn't do any talking, said just that's a barrel of a gun.

Donald Trump: Started shooting, which was amazing, that he saw it and then he started shooting. And so, this man is running to the car and a woman is -- a woman, of course, a woman. It's always a woman, right?

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: We just found out, yeah.

Donald Trump: No, but think about that. How smart -- who would do this? She sees somebody running, and she didn't like the way he looked. He looked very suspicious and followed him and took the car, parked it right behind his, and started taking pictures of the license plate. Who would do that? And then --

Greg Gutfeld: A parent.

Donald Trump: And then sent the picture to the sheriff, who's a great sheriff of Palm Beach County. And sent the pictures to the sheriff's office. And they got him in a high-speed chase down the highway. But who would do that? I mean, I said out of a thousand incidents, would that ever happen? And they said very rarely a thing like that.

Donald Trump: So, she's very much of a heroine, right? Heroine.

Greg Gutfeld: Yeah, you know, it blows my mind, like how you take these events so -- not lightly, but it's almost casually. The way like -- I get more angry, you know, when my pant pocket gets caught on a doorknob. I get angrier about that than you get angry about getting shot at. It doesn't -- how do you process that?

Donald Trump: Well, No. 1, do I have a choice? Am I going to -- what am I going to do, right? Do we have a choice? But you know, it's interesting. I was thinking a lot about it over the last period of time since Butler, and being president is a very dangerous job because with a race car driver, it's a dangerous job.

Donald Trump: It's like one-tenth of 1% die with a bull rider. I think bullriding looks pretty scary, right? It's a little bit more than that die. With the president, what is it, 6% or 7%? It's the most dangerous profession there is. So, if you want to be president -- I have a lot of friends that wanted to run, they're thinking about maybe not doing it.

Donald Trump: But here's the only good thing is that it's always a consequential president that gets shot at. And fortunately, so far, I've been very lucky. Or something is greater than all of us.

Greg Gutfeld: It is.

Donald Trump: Something is up there, someone is up there, maybe watching over us.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: I think he's voting for you.

Greg Gutfeld: Yeah. It's funny, I always thought the most dangerous job was feeding the view, but you bring up, God, you bring up God, and you've almost been killed twice. Do you think more about your own mortality and what happens after you move on?

Donald Trump: Yeah, not about mortality, but I do think more about God because -- OK, Butler was really the greatest of all. If I'm not looking over there -- and I mean a full turn, exactly 90 degrees, I wouldn't be here right now, and your ratings would be a little bit lower perhaps.

Greg Gutfeld: Yeah. We'd have to kill me there. We have to tell the story of how we first met. The ratings over -- remember that one week. He just played that thing. But I do think about that because the chart, it was basically an immigration chart. We had our lowest numbers that we've ever had in immigration and I never -- I very rarely use it, maybe 15%, 20%.

Greg Gutfeld: It's always on my left and it's always at the end of a speech. So, now, I said, "Bring down the chart," right at the very beginning, almost like the first sentence of the speech. Bring down that chart because immigration is such a big thing now with, you know, our country being basically taken over by Venezuela and lots of other people.

Greg Gutfeld: So, I said, "Bring down the chart." And the chart drops down, and I go, "Look at those numbers." And I looked over to the right and ping. And that was not -- I knew something was definitely wrong, and it was a mess. I touched -- I said, "That's unusual." Do you remember when you showed it to me?

Donald Trump: I showed it.

Greg Gutfeld: Yeah, you showed it to me.

Donald Trump: I showed it to him.

Greg Gutfeld: He said, "I know people aren't going to believe this. So, Gutfeld take a look at my ear."

Donald Trump: That's right. You know, I met -- we met at the convention. And I said, "Who am I going to show it to?" You know, we have a lot of guys. You know, they'll say it didn't exist, and I actually did -- have such confidence in him. And he's really a very special guy, talented guy, good guy, great guy. And I said, "You know, if I'm going to show it, let's do it with Gutfeld."

Greg Gutfeld: Yes.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: That's amazing.

Donald Trump: It's true.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: It was amazing.

Donald Trump: Because it happened right after.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Yeah. how did you get him to see the top of your ear?

Donald Trump: Well, I sat in a low chair.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: OK, thank you.

Donald Trump: But you know what? It was true and I took the bandages off very carefully, and I showed him. He said, "That's nasty."

Greg Gutfeld: Yes.

Donald Trump: That was nasty. But he ended up--

Greg Gutfeld: I kind of wanted to touch it, but I knew I would have been tackled, and I would have enjoyed it. But it's interesting to see the response to this second attempt. Every time you're under a bigger threat, the media still blames you even more. It's almost as if they don't see their own role in this. What do you make -- have you just basically accepted this as a fact?

Donald Trump: I think so, yeah. Look, the media is extremely dishonest, extremely corrupt, actually. Look at the debate. I walked off. I said that's -- you know, they said I'm the goat in debates because I had a lot of debates, and I became president. And the goat means greatest of all time. He's the goat. What a great state.

Donald Trump: And I walked off that stage and I thought I had the best debate. And I was very unfairly treated by the anchor. I'm not fans of those guys anymore. And his hair was better five years ago than it is today. OK? That happens. That happens with the clock.

Greg Gutfeld: I mean who among us --

Donald Trump: That happens with the clock. But you know, they came at me on everything like crime. I said the crime is rampant. He said crime is down. I said, "Crime is down?" Who would think it's -- without even knowing. And I was right. The following day, DOJ announced numbers, I don't know who it was in DOJ, but somebody over there likes me, that crime is up 45%, murders up, numbers like you wouldn't even believe.

Donald Trump: And anybody would know that without even seeing charts, but it turned out to be a false attack. They attacked the word, the bloodbath that was referring to the auto industry. You know all these things. Charlottesville was totally debunked by everybody, including Laura. Laura did a whole show on it, how it's so ridiculous.

Greg Gutfeld: And even Snopes, which is a left-wing site.

Donald Trump: That's right. They even said. But all of them -- and they didn't correct her once, and they corrected me, everything I said, practically. I think nine times or 11 times. And the audience was absolutely -- they went crazy. And the real -- I thought it was -- I walked off, I said that was a great debate.

Donald Trump: I loved it. You know, you got a lot of people watching. I guess we had 75 million people watching, something like that. And you have to do well. You can't do badly. For instance, Biden didn't do so well in the previous debate because I had the two debates. I had won -- we actually had two debates. You know, I had won against the man, and then they said, "He's not doing well. Take him out. Put in a new one."

Donald Trump: And if she doesn't do well, I wonder if they're going to take her out. Just keep putting -- and let's see if we can get it right eventually. No, but a thing like that has never happened before. It's never -- you know, it's like a fighter. He knows more about fighting, but I love the fighting. We love Dana White, all those guys. And Dana is great.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Well, your history in boxing is second to none.

Donald Trump: I'm more Mike Tyson fights than anybody. Well, Mike is great and all great. And they're, you know, amazing people, really. It's a very hard thing to be a fighter. Number one, you have to be able to take hundreds of shots to the face within a couple of rounds and enjoy going out for the fifth round.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: [Crosstalk] got one, yeah. Yes.

Donald Trump: You know, there aren't a lot of guys -- a lot of great athletes have tried to be fighters. It doesn't work out so well. Very rarely does it work out. But this was something that was a very special moment. I thought this was a tremendous debate. And then -- and when you look at it, you know, it's interesting now that they're reviewing it, it was all word salad from her.

Donald Trump: The first question I said, "What kind of an answer is that?" But the fake news said, "Oh, she did well." No matter what you do -- if I were Winston Churchill, he was a great debater by the way, if I were an elegant debater, if I were Winston Churchill, they would say, "Well, he was OK. But he wasn't special tonight." That was the kind of stuff. They were saying --

Greg Gutfeld: You were exactly the same as the previous debate. That's what -- if you look at it, there was --

Donald Trump: Yeah. I think so.

Greg Gutfeld: Yeah, there was no difference.

Donald Trump: I actually wanted that attitude. You know, I've had different attitudes, right? And you never know about debate. It's a little like Mike Tyson said, he said, "Everybody has a plan until they get punched in the face." And there's a lot of truth to that, right?

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: No, yeah. I mean, you walked in, you caught three before he even said hello to you.

Donald Trump: Well, I mean, I had people telling me that I'm wrong about things where I'm totally right. I was right just about all of that stuff that they were correcting me. And I think my only regret is that I wanted to be elegant and I didn't want to go after the anchors. I wish I did in a way.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Well, that's our job. We took care of them, we got it.

Donald Trump: Yeah, that's your job. [crosstalk]

Greg Gutfeld: We got to take a quick break, and then we're going to come back with more from the future president, Donald Trump. [commercial break] Celebs can't quit Donald Trump. Roll it. [Begin videotape]

Jimmy Kimmel: Have you thought about the possibility he might use the power of the federal government against you personally?

George Clooney: Yeah, I have. I'm comforted in the fact that he's coming after you first.

Jimmy Kimmel: Clooney should get out of politics and go back to television.

George Clooney: I will if he does.

Howard Stern: I don't hate the guy. I hate the people who vote for him. I think they're stupid. I don't think -- I do. I'll be honest with you. I have no respect for you.

Jimmy Kimmel: You could be president. Do you ever think about anything like that?

Unidentified: No.

Jimmy Kimmel: Really never?

Unidentified: No.

Jimmy Kimmel: Why?

Unidentified: I wouldn't make a good president.

Jimmy Kimmel: You don't think you'd be good?

Unidentified: I wouldn't really pass any of the things that you have to pass. But I guess Trump did it.

Jimmy Kimmel: Yeah, no, no. You would be a Boy Scout by comparison.

Unidentified: Yeah, yeah. [End videotape]

Greg Gutfeld: Well, that didn't age well for either of them. [Audience boos] So, Mr. Trump, the thing that -- I think there's -- my theory is that famous people don't like it when their fame is put in proper perspective when it's dwarfed by somebody with more fame. So, they prefer to be on the hierarchy of fame. They want to be on top.

Greg Gutfeld: I noticed a lot of these guys, that's -- it's an emotional response to the fact that your bigger, more well known. Does that make sense?

Donald Trump: Well, I watch -- I know some of them. And like Howard, I was on Howard Stern show as much as anybody. And he was great at that time. And then he went woke. And since he's gone woke, his ratings have gone down the tubes, and he sort of went anti-Trump for a couple of reasons. But I was on his show a lot.

Donald Trump: In fact, he has a best of. Did you ever see the "Best of Howard Stern?" I don't want to promote it necessarily. And I was there for just about all of them, the best of. We had good shows, it was good, but he's changed. And you know, he doesn't do the ratings anymore. No, he doesn't. He doesn't have to.

Donald Trump: He's almost finished. Kat, do you remember Howard Stern?

Kat Timpf: No, but I was -- but you've been on every show. I mean you've been on TV a lot.

Donald Trump: A lot of shows.

Kat Timpf: I mean, would you rule out -- I'm not saying now, but would you ever rule out doing reality TV again? Like what about hosting "Love Island?"

Donald Trump: So, you know, I have -- I had "The Apprentice" for 12 years.

Kat Timpf: Oh, I know.

Donald Trump: Fourteen, 14 seasons, but 12 years, a lot of time. They wanted to renew me for five years. They were all set to do it, and I didn't want to do it. I wanted to run for -- I said I wanted to run for president. Mark Burnett, who's a great guy and, you know, the producer and all, and all of the people from NBC, everybody came up to see me, to talk me out of running.

Donald Trump: They said it's not possible to win, nobody's ever done that. I mean -- and nobody ever gives up prime time show. It was a big hit. And they wanted to do a five-year extension. And I said no. That's actually when I knew I was going to do it. And I mean, I love doing "The Apprentice." It was so successful.

Donald Trump: The big question is, did it make a difference? Would I have been president? You know, a lot of people say they created this guy from "The Apprentice." And I don't know if that's true because they chose me because of the, you know, the success.

Greg Gutfeld: I think it was your chemistry with Bret Michaels.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Bret Michaels was a -- we had great characters. And we learned a lot about -- I mean, we had Dennis Rodman was great.

Greg Gutfeld: Oh, he was fantastic.

Donald Trump: And we had tremendous characters on the show. We had a lot of -- I mean, everybody was helped basically by being on "The Apprentice." But I just wanted to do it. I saw what was happening with the country. The country was going bad. And now, what they've done with the border and the wall and the whole thing, they could have built an extra 200 miles.

Donald Trump: I built much more than I said I was going to build and it worked. I had the Mexican government giving us 28,000 troops. We had so many Mexican troops, they had no choice. They had to. Otherwise, I said, "I'm going to put tariffs on your cars that you stole from" -- you know, they stole 32% of our car industry.

Donald Trump: OK? You know, which is not -- we'll get it back, don't worry about it. But you know, I really felt I wanted to do it because we can make our country -- the Make America Great Again is such a great -- MAGA is such a great tag. And I watched Biden where he was very angry at MAGA. He said, "We've got to stop MAGA."

Donald Trump: And I'm saying, "It's Make America Great Again." You know, it sort of doesn't work so well, right, Make America Great Again. And that's what we'll do. If you think of it, we have 21, I believe it's 21, they say 16. But what difference? I mean, it's a lot of people, more people than any country could sustain 21 million people, many come out of jails and prisons.

Donald Trump: Slight difference between one being a little bit more harsh. They come out of mental institutions and insane asylums. They come out of terrorist schools, they come literally out of schools, but they're terrorists. We have people coming from gangs, the worst gangs in the world, MS-13, considered the meanest gang.

Donald Trump: They cut people up, they don't want to use guns. They attacked two young 16-year-old, beautiful girls walking to school. They cut them up with a knife. They didn't want to shoot them because it wasn't painful. They both died. And these people are coming out into our country. And now, you look at what's happening in like Aurora in Colorado.

Donald Trump: Venezuela -- Venezuelan gangs are taking over the real estate. They're becoming real estate developers. And they have --

Greg Gutfeld: Do they get little cards?

Donald Trump: They have whatever they want.

Greg Gutfeld: You know, like a little real estate card.

Donald Trump: Yeah, yeah. Their little card is a bullet.

Greg Gutfeld: Yes.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Mr. President, can I ask you a question? We're talking about the border, not just all the young military-age men that are coming across this country. The fentanyl that's coming across this country.

Donald Trump: It's terrible.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: If you were in office, would you consider taking importation of fentanyl as a terrorist act? Because if you count it under terrorism, then our Department of Defense can get involved, we can give our law enforcement a break.

Donald Trump: Correct. And you can even go further than that.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Yeah, I mean, you could send pictures of their mansions to certain individuals in Mexico.

Donald Trump: And by the way, these are really rich people. These are the cartel people. These are really rich. Look, we can play games or we can be nice and we can be smart. You're never going to -- I said to blue ribbon committees, friends of mine, "Oh, could I get on a committee?" They didn't know the first thing about it.

Donald Trump: They don't know about El Chapo. They don't know about -- these are very smart, hardened people. And you know, I'm setting up a blue ribbon committee with socialites from New York and California. It's ridiculous. They don't even want to talk about it. They talk about it for two minutes, then they start talking about society.

Donald Trump: The only way you're going to stop this is the death penalty for drug dealers. I don't know if this country is ready for it. But if you think about it, each drug dealer on average kills 500 people. On average. He or she drug dealer kills -- I know so many families, who have lost a son or a daughter or parents even to fentanyl.

Donald Trump: And I had a deal worked out with China, with President Xi directly that he was going to give -- you know, China has the death penalty. I said to him, "Do you have a drug problem?" when I first met him. He looked at me like what a stupid question.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Exactly.

Donald Trump: He said, "No, no, no, no, no drug problem." I said, "Well, what do you do?" "Death penalty. Immediate death penalty." And I said that sounds -- he said, without it -- I talked to him a lot about it. He said without it -- you know China was a drug-loaded country years ago. Other countries, much smaller, would take it over because they were all drugged out with the opium and the poppy, and they had a big problem, but they execute drug dealers.

Donald Trump: They have absolutely no drug problem. Singapore has no drug problem. And it's not nice to talk about, but it's the only way you're going to solve the problem. You're never going to have -- now, we got it down to great numbers, the lowest numbers, but the wall helped, a lot of things helped. But in terms of a getting a drug-free country, you can't have that unless you have the death penalty for the dealers.

Greg Gutfeld: All right. We've got to take a break.

Kat Timpf: Taken that as a maybe on "Love Island."

Greg Gutfeld: All right. Up next, media tools think Kamala rules. [commercial break] Kamala says some more nonsense. Roll it. [Begin videotape]

Kamala Harris: Hello to all my Divine Nine brothers and sisters and my sorors. It was school photo day. Do you remember what that's like? You really ought to understand at a very deep level, how much your words have meaning. A future where we can see what is possible, unburdened by what has been. We can see what is possible, unburdened by what has been. Unburdened by what has been. [End videotape]

Greg Gutfeld: Well, do you -- [Audience boos] There is an objective crowd. All right. It's hard to kind of figure out what she's saying. Why doesn't anybody ever ask a follow-up question? Like what do you mean?

Donald Trump: Well, that should have happened in the debate. And the interesting thing is doesn't do interviews. You would not see her come onto the show, I can tell you right now. No. We ask her now. Come on this show, Kamala. We'll have a box of wine. She doesn't like doing interviews. And she's not knowledgeable about economy and various things.

Donald Trump: And I think it would be a problem. But you know what? He was pretty much gone. They said, "Joe, it's over. You're getting out." And he said, "I'm not getting out." "You're getting out." And they were very nasty, 25th Amendment and everything else, he got out. And they put her in, and she somehow, a woman, somehow she's doing better than he did.

Donald Trump: But I can't imagine it can last because so weak on people coming in. You know, she's the one -- she was the border czar. She allowed 21 million people to come in -- the thing we were just talking about. And many of these people are the wrong people for this country. You have murderers, you have killers, you have prisoners.

Donald Trump: Prisons are being emptied out all over the world, not just in South America, and they're coming in. She allowed that. And I think eventually people are going to figure it out.

Greg Gutfeld: Yeah, I hope so. I mean, the thing is she's got the entire media doing PR for her.

Donald Trump: True.

Greg Gutfeld: So, it's just like no one asks follow-up questions. No one bothers to fact-check her. Emily, do you have a question? You seem like you do.

Emily Compagno: I do. So, Mr. President, my question is about voting block strategy. And it's that -- we know there are 90 million evangelicals in this country, 40 million of whom don't vote and 15 million of whom aren't even registered to vote. So, what's our plan to harness those votes for you in November?

Donald Trump: It's such an incredible statement question because they're great people, they're 95% for me, but they don't vote. Meaning, they don't vote proportionately. If they would vote, nobody could beat you. And I have total support from evangelical Christians and from other groups. I'll tell you another group that doesn't vote.

Donald Trump: Gun owners, they don't vote. The NRA endorsed me totally every time, but they endorsed me totally. But you look at the number of -- I don't know what it is. They're rebellious or something. I don't know what it is. But evangelicals, if they voted, there wouldn't even be an election, you could cancel it.

Donald Trump: If the gun owners voted, I mean, the gun owners are just a massive proportion if they voted. But they vote like it's 16% or something. If the people -- because they want to take your guns away. She wants to confiscate your guns. She wants to take them away. And you know, she's now trying to get out of it.

Donald Trump: So, she had policies that -- she's now changed 14 policies about fracking. She was totally against, for 15 years, fracking. Now, all of a sudden, a short while ago, she came out in favor of fracking. Same thing with guns. She said "No, no, I don't want to take your guns. I don't want to" -- for 20 years, she's wanted to take your guns.

Donald Trump: All of a sudden, a short while ago, she said, "No, no, I don't want to." One thing about a politician, they always revert back to where they were at the beginning because that's what their natural inclination is. Her father is a Marxist professor. I mean that's the way it is. And he's currently -- and I don't know what happened to the father, but we haven't seen him.

Donald Trump: I'd love to be able to talk to him. You know, Barack Hussein Obama's brother is supporting Trump. This Governor Waltz, his brother and his whole family is supporting me. In fact, they want to make contributions to my campaign.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Well, to be fair, a lot of brothers are supporting President Trump.

Donald Trump: That's true. That's true.

Greg Gutfeld: Layup.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Yeah, that's what we do over here.

Greg Gutfeld: It is funny, Waltz is a strange dude.

Donald Trump: Oh, he's strange.

Greg Gutfeld: He is strange.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Yeah, he's strange.

Greg Gutfeld: Him and I are the same age. How does he look so much younger?

Donald Trump: No, he's a strange guy.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: It's strange.

Donald Trump: You know, he called up years ago, I was in the White House. And he said, "My house is being surrounded by people with American flags." I said, "Is that a good thing or a bad thing?" He said, "I think they're going to attack me." This was during the riots and everything else. They were MAGA people. You know, they like the American flag, all right? And they also had Trump.

Donald Trump: And I said, "How do you know there were about 15,000?" He said, "Could you put out a word like that I'm your friend?" I don't even know him, but that's the only time I ever spoke to him. And if you look back long ago, tweets before truth, tweets long ago, I put out a statement. "He's a good man, the governor. He's on our side."

Donald Trump: I don't -- I didn't know him, but I didn't want him to get hurt, and everybody put down their flags and they left.

Greg Gutfeld: He said it was a miracle.

Donald Trump: He said it was a miracle. I didn't want him to get hurt.

Greg Gutfeld: Scared by the American flag.

Donald Trump: He just -- they just --

Emily Compagno: They are.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: And they say he's not a nice guy, I would have fun with that.

Donald Trump: [crosstalk]

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: I would have called a barbecue, go outside.

Donald Trump: You wouldn't let him go. He remembers it actually. He was a little bit nervous about things. They had one guard. He said, "We have one guard at the door." It was the mansion, the mansion for the state. And he said, "We have one guard at the door, and you have 15,000 people out there." And I'm a little bit -- I don't know, they look violent.

Donald Trump: I said, "Are they carrying the American flag? They're not going to be violent." But I put out a statement. And they just went back, they just -- it was sort of a beautiful thing in a lot of ways, beautiful.

Greg Gutfeld: Yeah. That's a happy ending and the kind we like. All right. Coming up, free thinkers unite to join Trump's fight. [commercial break] All right. OK. Our second video of the day comes to us from RFK, Jr. During a recent event while campaigning for President Trump, he was asked what he thought about Trump as a person, and he shared this amazing story. [Begin videotape]

Unidentified: I've known President Trump for many years, and on two occasions I sued him. He was trying to build golf courses up in the New York City reservoir watershed, and I sued him successfully to stop that. And at one point, my wife, she wanted to go to Palm Beach for the weekend to see my mom over Easter. And I said, "You know, I didn't want to buy tickets for all the kids."

Unidentified: And she said, "What if I find a free ride?" And I said, "OK." Then she said, "I found a free ride." And I said, "Who?" And she said, "Donald Trump." And I said, "I'm suing him." And she said, "He told me, he knows you're suing him, but it's OK anyway." And we ended up flying down with him, and I had a great time. I still sued him. [End videotape]

Greg Gutfeld: It's such an interesting story because you kind of separate the friendship from the legal stuff. It's like, "Yeah, you sue me, I get it. That's what you do. But I'm not -- like you want to use my plane, fine." I mean some people would not understand that.

Donald Trump: No. I think I have been able to do that. Otherwise, I would have nobody to talk to at all, you know? Greg, it was interesting. I endorsed people, and my endorsement record is very good, but sometimes I'll endorse people that said horrible, horrible things about me and people say, "Do you have any idea what he said?" And I said, "You know, if I did that, I would never be able to endorse anybody" because when I first ran, everybody was violently opposed to me.

Donald Trump: So, I would have -- I would never be able to endorse anybody. And I like to endorse people if I think they're good.

Greg Gutfeld: I said terrible things.

Donald Trump: And honestly, you weren't so good at the beginning.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: And I believe we have the tape. That's right. I'm making my move, Gutfeld. Roll it.

Greg Gutfeld: You know, I want to bring up, this is a -- a friend of mine has this theory. He says that your campaign is like a pirate ship. You have this eclectic band of supporters that are individuals and different, but they're a pirate ship. But the issue with the pirate ship is every now and then, you get a stowaway.

Greg Gutfeld: So, you get an odd person like a Scaramucci or an Omarosa, you know? It's like how do you -- when you have a pirate ship of all these different people, how do you have any kind of control, or is that just the risk?

Donald Trump: Well, like the people that you mentioned, I don't know them very well, but the people that you mentioned, they all want to come back. They all want to come back. And when you don't take them back, I don't want them back -- certain people I don't want back. When you don't take them back, they'll say anything.

Donald Trump: They make up stories. They make up stories at levels that you wouldn't believe, stories that bear no resemblance, that don't exist. It's like they're storytellers. But when you don't take people back -- and they think of it as a glamorous life. I think, you know, my whole thing, the sphere, I don't think of it.

Donald Trump: I just work really hard. We have to win this election to save our country. If we don't win this election, I really believe our country is either finished or very close to it because we have to turn it. And if we don't turn it and turn it now, it's going to be too late to turn it later. I really believe that.

Greg Gutfeld: It is interesting. On their side, they have people like Lynne Cheney, you know, and --

Kat Timpf: Lynne Cheney.

Greg Gutfeld: Lynne -- Liz Cheney.

Kat Timpf: Yes.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: No, no. Liz Cheney's rough --

Kat Timpf: I don't know that one.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: But her older sister Lynne Cheney, she's a monster. Yeah, remember?

Greg Gutfeld: No, it's Lon Chaney.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: She's chasing us with a broken beer bottle.

Greg Gutfeld: Lon Chaney. But I mean, you have Elon Musk, you have RFK Jr., you have Tulsi Gabbard. These are all really strong-willed people.

Donald Trump: They are great people. Elon --

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Are you saying he has a diverse cabinet?

Greg Gutfeld: Yeah.

Donald Trump: No, we have great people. A thing just happened about 10 minutes before I walked, on the Teamsters for many, many decades always automatically support the Democrats. This year they refused to do it. And they took a poll, and we got 60% in the poll in the Teamsters. And they're not going to support the Democrats this year.

Donald Trump: They're going to, I guess, remain neutral, but that was sort of a big event. Nobody's ever expected a thing like that. They actually took a poll of the Teamsters, of the people, the workers, the people that really do the job, and they're good. I've had many of them work for me with the concrete stuff.

Donald Trump: You know the frames, they put up the frames. They drive the trucks. So, they just announced they're not going to support the Democrats. They're going to remain neutral, I think.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: That individual poll was like 10 to 1 average from employees.

Donald Trump: Ye had a tremendous advantage with the people. And I think the people that run it, Sean O'Brien, who's the top guy, he's a great guy. But I think they said, you know, "How can we support this person?" Meaning them. But they have, for decades, I think five or six decades, they've never -- I mean, it's been many, many years since they supported a Republican or did this.

Greg Gutfeld: You're seeing an interesting flip in -- like where the Democrats used to be the party of the people, and the Republicans were the country clubbers. And since you came along, it's flipped. It's really interesting. And people go, "But he's a billionaire." But it's a billionaire from Queens, that doesn't count.

Donald Trump: Well, you know, one of the nicest things that's happened to me as a politician is that I get most of my money from people that average $61, think of it. And that's never happened to a Republican before. It happens to Democrats but at a much -- it happened with Bernie Sanders. That would be the best example.

Donald Trump: But it's a tiny fraction of the money that I get. We get a lot of money from people. They average $61, and those people all vote. Those people, they get -- you know, we have some people that will pay us like $25 a month, every single month. They won't miss it. You know, they're very committed. There's never been a Republican, where that happened, too, where you get your money.

Donald Trump: It's called the small money. The small money is ultimately big money because there's so many people contributing. So, you know, that's like a great honor for me.

Greg Gutfeld: Yeah, I'm like that. It's something I always sign up for and then forget.

Kat Timpf: Well, that's --

Greg Gutfeld: Like Paramount.

Kat Timpf: Can I please ask a question just because I'm never going to be allowed in a room with a president, again?

Greg Gutfeld: Sure. Are there aliens at Area 51?

Donald Trump: You know, I'll tell you, it's a funny thing because I think that might be a question that I get more than any question. It is the craziest thing. So, we have that so-called area. They consider it like a sacred area. And I will say this, I don't think I'm a believer, but I've interviewed pilots that look -- I like Tom Cruise -- but better than Tom Cruise, the blond crew cuts, the hawk, and this yes, sir.

Donald Trump: And they were in the Oval Office three or four pilots. These are not people that make up stories. They said, "All I know, sir, is there was a round object that was going four times faster than my F-22," which is a very fast plane. "And it wasn't -- you know, it shouldn't have been. It was round, sir."

Donald Trump: They have seen -- I mean four or five guys, I've interviewed, solid people, great pilots for the US Air Force, etc. They've seen things that they cannot explain. So to some --

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: A follow-up question.

Kat Timpf: Also a maybe.

Emily Compagno: That's a yes.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Follow-up question, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Maybe.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: A follow-up, if in fact there are aliens, would you be willing to put tariffs on them to help us with the economy?

Donald Trump: Yes.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: They're not just going to fly down in here.

Greg Gutfeld: We're going to have more fun because we've got questions from the audience coming up. We've got some questions from the audience. They were just submitted. Evangeline has a good one. What is something people would be surprised to learn about you?

Donald Trump: Oh, that's a dangerous question.

Greg Gutfeld: What do we not know about you?

Donald Trump: You know, I got a call from a couple of people, "Could you please be careful on this show? You're going to have a good time. We don't need scandals. We're doing very -- we're leading in the polls." Every one of them. We don't need any scandals, so maybe I shouldn't answer that question.

Greg Gutfeld: How about this? Do you wear pajamas?

Donald Trump: I don't.

Greg Gutfeld: OK.

Kat Timpf: Do you own blue jeans?

Greg Gutfeld: Do you own blue jeans?

Donald Trump: I have --

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: He sleeps in the suit.

Donald Trump: I have a very old pair that I -- I doubt I fit in it.

Greg Gutfeld: Because we were talking about this, I've never seen you at the beach. We see Biden all the time at the beach. Do you ever sunbathe?

Donald Trump: I'll tell you this. I do -- I see Biden, too. You know, all he had -- somebody told him, he looks great at the beach in a bathing suit. And I think it's terrible when you see a president lying on the beach on a Tuesday and a Wednesday, and he's stone-cold out. He's out. Who can sleep in front of cameras that are rolling?

Greg Gutfeld: In the heat.

Emily Compagno: Totally.

Greg Gutfeld: In the heat. You only sleep like three hours, right?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't sleep much. I'd like to sleep more, but probably four hours, five hours.

Greg Gutfeld: If you get a good sleep, a solid --

Donald Trump: I think so, yeah.

Greg Gutfeld: Nobody sleeps well, and everybody's always trying to find the answer.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Well, that's the purpose of this next [Inaudible] so, we can sleep well again. That's the whole point. But I, for me, you know, I can't wait the one day I'll be able to tell my grandchildren that the president of the United States stole my seat.

Donald Trump: That's right.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: And Mr. President, if you're going to sit --

Donald Trump: This was an honor.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Oh, wow! Oh, thank you for WrestleMania IV and V, by the way. Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Yeah, yeah.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: But if you're going to sit in that chair, if you're going to do the Tyrus experience, you have to do it right, because you are the people's champion, Mr. President. On behalf of WWE [crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Oh, wow! Thank you. I like that. Now, I'm really happy. That's a real -- oh, that's a good one. Hey!

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: That's the man who makes all the professional ones.

Donald Trump: Beautiful. [Audience chants "Trump"]

Greg Gutfeld: There you go. It's a crowd.

Donald Trump: No, but this is the real one. This is a real deal.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: No, I'm going to give a fake belt to the next president of the United States.

Donald Trump: We're more used to that. Thank you, Tyrus.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: You are the people's champion.

Greg Gutfeld: You're going to have to wear that on the golf course for safety reasons.

Donald Trump: That's a good idea actually.

Greg Gutfeld: Yeah. All right. Well, have you ever been fired, like, in a regular job?

Donald Trump: Well, you know, I went to work for my father, out of school. And he was a tough guy, very tough, but he liked the job I did. So, I have never experienced being fired. Fired a lot of people. Fired a lot of people on "The Apprentice," but fired a lot of people. But no, I've never experienced it. I wouldn't like to experience it actually.

Greg Gutfeld: Yeah, I was fired three times so far.

Donald Trump: Not anymore.

Greg Gutfeld: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Well, you know, we had -- it's true. He didn't treat me well at all.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: I saw him the whole time. I was like, "Look at this guy. He's so mean."

Donald Trump: Early on. No, no, early on. And I actually met him once at Mar-a-Lago I think, and I met you at the ballroom. They were doing a big charity. I said, "Hello." I was very nice, but he never treated me well. And then, I agreed to do an interview. And it was supposed to be just a quick -- I said, "Look, this guy is -- I can't stand the guy."

Donald Trump: They set up an interview, and I said, "It'll be like for 10 minutes, 5 minutes, something quick." And they set up this whole thing, and the interview lasted for two and a half hours because we got along. We had an unbelievable chemistry. And I can honestly say, I really think -- because I love what he says.

Donald Trump: He'd say, "Look, maybe he's not a nice guy, but he gets everything done. Would you rather have a nice guy with a country goes to hell?" But I do, I get it done. And I think I'm a nice guy, too. I like to be a nice guy. But he did this interview. And I'm going to take total credit for the show, OK? No, credit almost equal to you.

Donald Trump: It was just chemistry. We got along incredibly well. And that was it. And then he did a five-parter. Every night, he had Trump on every -- and he got ratings that were through the roof. And honestly, his ratings were OK, but they weren't setting them. He got ratings that were through the roof. He was the No.

Donald Trump: 1 show of the week. It was the -- and you know what? It never stopped. So, I take full credit for your success.

Greg Gutfeld: Take full credit.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: We're going to run this one a few times. [crosstalk]

Greg Gutfeld: Don't go away. We'll be right back.