Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-lawrence-jones-fox-news-columbia-south-carolina-february-23-2024

Lawrence Jones: All right, Mr. President, this is the final stretch. This is the eve before the election in South Carolina. What's the final message for the people?

Donald Trump: Well, we're going to make America great again. We have a real problem. Our country has never been this way. It's never been so dangerous or so sick. When you look at millions and millions of people pouring in through our border, coming in at levels like nobody's ever seen before, I think the real number will be 18 million people by the time this guy is finished.

Donald Trump: He's destroying our country, he's a horrible president, and we have to change on so many different levels.

Lawrence Jones: Mr. President, but you got Nikki Haley. She's stealing the race. When I look at the cash on hand.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Lawrence Jones: The RNC versus the DNC, they got a lot of money in the DNC. Why is she still in the race? And are you concerned about the cash flow?

Donald Trump: No. Well, I mean, we have a lot of cash, and we're doing well, and we have a much better message. She has raised some money, but it's mostly -- it's not a lot. It's mostly from Democrats. I mean, she's getting her money from Democrats. So -- and actually, Biden Democrats, are they going to vote for him if he runs?

Donald Trump: I don't know that he's going to get the --

Lawrence Jones: You don't think he's going to be on the ticket?

Donald Trump: Look, I see the way he is. I'm not sure, but I'd like to see him run. I think it would be great. I would be very happy.

Lawrence Jones: Mr. President, let's talk about some of these court issues. So, the judge, the breaking news is the same. No delay in New York. What's that going to look like?

Donald Trump: Well, nobody's ever heard of such a thing. He comes out with a verdict, and you're supposed to put up a bond. It takes you a period of time to get a bond. You have to go to a bonding institution. It's a sham. It's a horrible thing. We did nothing wrong. He knows we did nothing wrong. He practically said we did nothing wrong.

Donald Trump: We -- the banks were happy. There was no victim. There was no jury, wouldn't allow a jury. We had a clubhouse politician decide that Trump should pay $355 million on a situation where it was perfect.

Lawrence Jones: Mr. President, that's not the only case, though. You got the case now here in Florida. And you're telling the judge, you said you got to throw this out based on immunity alone.

Donald Trump: Sure.

Lawrence Jones: Where does this go?

Donald Trump: Sure. I think the one in Florida, that's -- you're talking about the documents case?

Lawrence Jones: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: Well, they're not trying Joe Biden, and he had 50 years of documents, and he had classified documents all over the place, including Chinatown, including under his Corvette in a garage. I did nothing wrong, and I come under the Presidential Records Act. So, we just put in, you know, for a dismissal of that case.

Donald Trump: You know that, you probably saw it.

Lawrence Jones: I did.

Donald Trump: We should be dismissed. I tell you, in the history of our country, there's never been anything like this. This is what a third-world country does. It's the greatest scam in political history. It's a witch hunt. It's the greatest witch hunt, certainly, in political history.

Lawrence Jones: Mr. President, you made a very strong statement about the case in Alabama and the IVF --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Lawrence Jones: Treatment. What compelled you to -- it looked like it was a red line for you. And you called them miracle babies.

Donald Trump: When this decision came down, politicians were calling me and they said, "What do we do? This decision is a very rough decision. What do we do?" And when I understood it and it didn't take me too long -- you know, I'm like you, we're both fast studies, right? I said, wait a minute, these people are helping women to have beautiful babies, which is what they want.

Donald Trump: They may be unable to have them without. And I came down in favor of it. And it's been met really in a very popular way. We want to help women. We don't want to hurt women.

Lawrence Jones: Lastly, Mr. President, you're here for this big event with Black conservatives.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Lawrence Jones: Everyone all across the country is talking about, you see, these Black residents who are typically Democrats --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Lawrence Jones: And they're going into the city council meetings and they're saying, "How are the illegals taking over our rec centers and taking over our housing in Harlem? What's going on here?" And there seems to be a surge of Black support --

Donald Trump: There is.

Lawrence Jones: For no other Republican but Trump. And why is that? Why are you a different Republican? Why do they like you more?

Donald Trump: And Hispanic support.

Lawrence Jones: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And Asian support. But there is a tremendous surge of Black support. Look, I'm embarrassed to say, Republicans would get like 4% or 5% or 6%, and I'm at 28%. And I think we're going much higher. The illegal immigrants that are coming in and they're -- again, they're rough people. In many cases, they're very -- they are not sending their finest for the most part.

Donald Trump: They're sending some very rough people. This is going to have a huge impact on the Black community because a lot of these people are going to work for very little money, and they're going to take Black people's jobs. They're going to take Hispanic jobs. They're going to take the jobs of unions.

Lawrence Jones: Mr. President, good luck tomorrow.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Lawrence Jones: We'll be watching it. Thank you so much, sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you.

Lawrence Jones: Appreciate it.