Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-kellyanne-conway-fox-news-september-30-2024

Kellyanne Conway: President Trump, thank you so much for joining me today --

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Kellyanne Conway: For my Fox Nation program, Here's the Deal.

Donald Trump: Very good.

Kellyanne Conway: Iran is very much in the news. Obviously, the leader of Hezbollah was taken out by Israel using a US-made bomb. When I think of Iran, I think of a stark contrast between the Biden-Harris administration and the Trump administration. Let's quickly review. You enforced and imposed sanctions on Iran. You took us out of the nuclear deal.

Kellyanne Conway: And you, basically, brought their energy production to zero percent. The Wall Street Journal reports that under Biden Harris, that production went up 80 percent. They're stockpiling billions of dollars that is going to fund these -- these terrorists. How can you actually undo that in a second Trump term given all the chaos and crisis that's ensued?

Donald Trump: Well, actually, the production went up by about 250 percent. They were doing almost nothing. They were ready to make a deal. They had no money, and that's one of the reasons they're not liking me too much to be honest with you. They had no money. They had no nothing, and this could have been solved. We wouldn't be fighting right now.

Donald Trump: This could have been solved a long time ago. With that being said, what Israel is doing is something probably that would have had to be done. And, you know, they're -- what they're doing is trying to stop Israel from doing what they're doing. And this isn't the time to stop. You got to finish it up, but the US has really been in Israel's way.

Donald Trump: I mean, they don't want to have them do anything. You look at the kind of orders that are being made. "We're not going to give you any more equipment." They want them to stop. And if they stop, they wouldn't have made this progress. They have made tremendous progress on ending it, but ending it permanently, not just ending it for five years.

Donald Trump: Because what happened on October 7th was so bad and so unacceptable that you can't say stop. They have to finish their job, and they've done it methodically. But the US has been in the way because Biden is saying all the time, "Stop, stop, stop." And from -- even from -- it doesn't sound right, but from a long-term humanitarian standpoint, they have to finish their job.

Kellyanne Conway: Six million dollars for hostages last year, and then you've got, of course, Iran saying, "Death to Israel, death to America," and it seems now, even based on public reports, "Death to Trump."

Donald Trump: Well, they do say that, and $11 billion for electricity going to Iraq that Iran got. Think of it. Every time there's a hostage something, it's always $6 billion. Nobody ever heard of this before, 6 billion. That's why there's so many hostage exchanges, or that's why there's so much negotiation. They see anybody on the street, if they're an American or somebody that's more or less on our side, they grab him and they say, let's give -- let's ask for $6 billion.

Kellyanne Conway: And they get it.

Donald Trump: I've never -- and they get it every single time. You know, I had 58 hostages much tougher than this, North Korea, many, many hostages with many countries. I never paid 10 cents. They knew you have to give them. Just give up your hostages. You got to give them up, and they gave them up. We never gave money.

Donald Trump: Once you give money, you're in a big pickle. Look, $6 billion for hostages, and they've done it many times. With the basketball player, they gave a lot of money in addition. And who did they get? They got the victim, the -- the worst person in the entire world. They call him the -- the weapon, the weapon of joy.

Donald Trump: This is a different kind of joy than Crazy Kamala talks about. The joy was victory militarily. Look, he's the biggest arms dealer in the history of the world that they know of. He came out in that deal. That's the biggest trade. That's the one that Putin wanted. They got him and others. And we got our basketball player back, right, who refused to stand for the national anthem.

Donald Trump: And we just -- we are the worst negotiators I've ever seen. There's never been a country that negotiates like us.

Kellyanne Conway: Let's talk about negotiation because I still believe that you do it from the perspective of a businessman, not as a politician. And Washington does not like negotiation. They like to have conditions. They like to kick the can down the road. They like divided government. They talk about legislation, regulation, appropriation.

Kellyanne Conway: But you always talk about negotiation, whether you've said with Ukraine, Israel. Walk us through that. What can you actually do in those two areas because peace through strength is the antidote to -- through weakness.

Donald Trump: Correct. Look, some people in Washington like negotiation. My group like negotiation. We had great negotiators. We had people that did a good job, but they reported to me. And I said, "No, I'm not going to do that." You know, you got to tell -- you got to say no. And when you say no enough, you start making much better deals.

Donald Trump: But we didn't pay anything. We didn't go with money. We told them up front, there can't be money involved. There is no money involved. I mean, we had four hostages in North Korea. It doesn't get tougher than North Korea because some people say there's nobody to talk to. Well, there was in my case because I got along with Kim Jong Un.

Donald Trump: But I got him out, and Otto, unfortunately, was badly, badly beaten. And it was terrible. We got him out alive, but he was beat up. But don't forget, he was taken during the Obama regime.

Kellyanne Conway: Right.

Donald Trump: And they should have gotten him right away, and he would have been fine, but they didn't. And they should be blamed for what happened to him. He was in there a long time before I got there. But I got him out, and I got three others out with him. And you got to set down a line. I just hate to see it. Every time -- I always go, "How much did we pay?" And we pay so many billions.

Donald Trump: We pay billions and billions of dollars. It's never going to stop. They're going to nab anybody they can. The money we pay is just crazy. And then we always have a lousy deal, too. We get back like three, but we left the engineer there. OK, the engineer was left in Russia. Why wouldn't you get him in -- and it's a big deal that he was.

Donald Trump: But why wouldn't you get him into the initial negotiation? How do you leave him back? These are terrible dealers. I don't know what their problem is. It's so basic. It's not like you can teach this stuff. You have to have it instinctively, but these are terrible people, the way they're doing it. And then you have the border.

Donald Trump: The border is the worst -- we have the worst border in the history of the world. Why were they open it? And now, almost four years later, she starts talking about the border because she's getting decimated. She will never do anything on the border. She's grossly incompetent. I mean, I say this stuff.

Donald Trump: I don't want to say that. She's a grossly incompetent person. I just saw her make a statement from her fundraiser whenever she is in San Francisco, a city she totally destroyed, by the way. It used to be the best city in the United States. Now, you can't even live there. She destroyed it, too.

Kellyanne Conway: Well, this is how you won in 2016, if I may, sir, because you appealed to forgotten man, forgotten woman, forgotten child. Now, they feel invisible because many of the things you say. Let's stick with the border for a moment. Kamala Harris has said, "Down with deportation, just roll the tape." She has likened ICE to the KKK.

Kellyanne Conway: And ICE last week, a federal government agency, told us that we have 425,000 convicted criminals here now, 16,000 rapists, however many murderers. These are government statistics on her watch. What did you think about when you saw her at the border and you have those families of people who have been raped and murdered by folks who came here illegally? What do you think of what -- she's at the border.

Kellyanne Conway: Do you think she can get away with that? She's trying to be a little bit of Biden, a lot of you.

Donald Trump: I don't think she can. She's the worst border czar, and now, she doesn't want to be called that because it's so bad. But she was in charge of the border, OK? At a minimum, she was in charge. But let's call her border czar for fun. Look, she was the worst in the history of the world. There's never been anything like it.

Donald Trump: There's never been a border like -- in the world. There's never been -- we have at least 21 million people that came in during her time. She was in charge of the border, and it was a free-for-all. We don't know who and where they come from. We have no idea. It's -- they call it parts unknown. You know, they have an expression, parts unknown.

Donald Trump: Almost everybody, they say parts unknown. They come from the Congo in Africa. They come from all over the Middle East, some of the most hostile countries to us. They -- we're allowing terrorists in our country at a level that we've never done before.

Kellyanne Conway: And the drugs pouring over. You got these over the lowest --

Donald Trump: The drugs are 10 times more than they were with me.

Kellyanne Conway: Yes.

Donald Trump: You know, I had the safest border -- that famous chart, right? It's come -- I love that chart. I kiss it every night. I go to bed with it every night. I hold it very close. But no, the famous chart, it showed the lowest border numbers that we've had in recorded history. I had the best border we ever had.

Donald Trump: Now, we have the worst border we've ever had. And if you look at the chart the day I left -- that was the day I left -- the week I left. From that point on, it was like a rocket ship. And that included human trafficking in women because human trafficking is mostly women. People don't want to mention that, but it is.

Donald Trump: You know, it makes a lot of sense. I guess if you're a criminal, that's what you're going to traffic in. Secondarily, but way down is children. Three hundred and twenty-five thousand children are missing. Remember that stat. That would be a stat that is sort of like the Holocaust, if you think. Three hundred -- many of those children are dead.

Donald Trump: You'll never see them again. Some are in sex slavery, and some are just around. We're missing 325,000 children. Now, the other thing. I don't know how it came out because, in the history of our country, they've never done it. They've never released numbers talking about the murders, you know, specific numbers.

Donald Trump: She went to the border. And I think the Border Patrol people and everybody was so angry that she was going to the border to try and pretend she was good at her job. She's the worst. She's an incompetent person. If it weren't for the fake news, she wouldn't even be running right now. She's worse than Biden, and Biden was down 21 points to me.

Donald Trump: Think of it. I have a -- I have a debate with him. He goes down 21 points, and they replace him. I spent hundreds of millions of dollars beating the Democrat, and he was the Democrat. All of a sudden now, I have to beat a new Democrat. But it's OK. She's worse, but we don't have much time. She's worse than him.

Donald Trump: She's more incompetent than him. And what she's doing now is, she goes to the border to try and say she's OK. It's almost like they think the public is really stupid when you think. They say the public is so stupid. I allowed 645,000 people into the United States who were seriously convicted criminals.

Donald Trump: These are serious crimes. But of that -- and you have the rape and you have all sorts. But also you have one stat, which is pretty hard to beat, 13,099 murders. Some of them murdered -- one of them murdered nine people in separate incidents, by the way, not like in one group. Separate incidents. These are stone-cold killers.

Donald Trump: These people make our killers and our people -- they make our criminals look like relatively nice people, OK? These are the toughest meanest people. And the terrorists, the same thing. So, think of it, 13,099. That's an exact number. Those numbers never came out before, ever. Twenty years ago --

Kellyanne Conway: These are government statistics. People should know it's our government.

Donald Trump: They don't -- they don't -- yeah. They don't announce those numbers because -- you know, for a good reason because it's -- it's scary. Somebody I guess at Border Patrol, I think a very well-meaning sheriff actually, gave those numbers. And those are the exact numbers. So, she's allowed 13,099 murderers into our country.

Donald Trump: Some were on death row. Some were in most -- were in -- almost all were in solitary confinement. The money, think of the money these countries are saving by doing it. And these are not, again, South America. These are all over the world, a lot from South America, but they're from all over the world. And then she goes out.

Donald Trump: And that was a bad day because, you know, they released them just before her fake news conference. She did a fake news conference talking about what she's going to do. Not even -- he's not even justifying it. The border is a disaster. You can't -- she's saying when I get in, I'm going to do this and that and that.

Donald Trump: In the meantime, they've gotten rid of Remain in Mexico, Catch and Release. All of my things that were so good that worked better than -- all you had to do is leave it. And it was just automatically getting better and better. And, you know, people knew they weren't getting through, so the caravans were stopping.

Donald Trump: If they think they're not going to get through -- but now, with them, they say we're going to give you hospitalization. They're going to destroy Social Security -- give them everything. They give them more than they give our vets. They give them more than they give an American citizen. You know, they take the school chairs from American citizens that were going to the school.

Donald Trump: They can't get into the school. And illegal kids that don't speak any English, they need interpreters. And we even have languages that are so -- you know, we have a lot of languages -- we have nobody that knows those language. You know, we have places where there are languages that nobody in this country speaks.

Donald Trump: There's no interpreters or anything. You know, you look at Springfield, OK? They've taken 32,000 people and put it into a town of 50,000. Most of these people come from Haiti. They don't speak English. Everybody wants to be politically correct and say, "Oh, it's going to be wonderful. It's going to..."

Donald Trump: It's a catastrophe. They've destroyed it. That section of Ohio is going to be destroyed. I think the governor has to do something. He's a great guy. He's a very nice man. I endorsed him, but he's saying like it'll all work out. It's not going to work out. The town is going to be destroyed. The people have to be removed.

Donald Trump: They're looking around for one thing right now, interpreters. They want interpreters. They're looking all over the world for interpreters. No. They have to look for people that are going to remove these people from the town and bring them back. You cannot have this. Our country is being poisoned. Our country is going down, and Kamala is a grossly incompetent person.

Donald Trump: She was the last on the list of 12 people. When the 22 people ran against -- including Biden -- ran for the nomination, she was the first that dropped out. She --

Kellyanne Conway: With zero votes from Democrats.

Donald Trump: She had zero votes. She dropped out before Iowa, the first state during the primary. She dropped out long before Iowa. And she was a disaster. Amazingly, he picked her because she was the nastiest of all the people to him with the bus. You know, she talked about her school bus and looked at her. I said he just picked the woman that was so mean to him.

Donald Trump: She called him a racist and everything else. I mean -- and he picked her. I mean, he's a disaster, but she's worse. And she's got two things. She's got the radical lunatics, the radical-left lunatics. And, you know, they'll be the first to be taken out by their own. You understand that. They'll be -- they'll be decimated by the people that they think they're being good to.

Donald Trump: But you got the radical-left lunatics who are actually stupid, even though many of them are rich. And they've got a lot of money, but they get a lot of money from the unions in all fairness. I love the unions. The Teamsters are on my side. The autoworkers are on my side. But the bosses, you know --

Kellyanne Conway: The rank and file support you.

Donald Trump: The rank and file --

Kellyanne Conway: She didn't get the Teamsters endorsement.

Donald Trump: Oh, I got a poll today. I'm at 90 percent with the autoworkers in Michigan because what's going to happen to cars, you won't have any cars left. If I get elected, we're going to build factories all over the -- they're all coming back because I'm not going to let them get away with building big factories.

Donald Trump: You know, they're building massive factories in Mexico.

Kellyanne Conway: Elsewhere.

Donald Trump: It's -- they're owned by China, and they're going to sell cars, if I'm not there, into the United States with no tax, no nothing. And I will tell you because I know the people. These people in the administration are pathetic. Nothing will happen. Michigan will be wiped out. There will be -- there won't be one car made in Michigan.

Donald Trump: The autoworkers know that. And you will have, if I get elected, just so many things. You will have, number one, your electricity bill will be cut in half, 50 percent, five-O. Going to be cut in half within 12 months easy because we have everything. We don't even use it. We don't use our liquid gold. The other thing, you're going to have a lot of companies move back.

Donald Trump: But I'm going to talk just to Michigan. You are going to have automobiles made at a level that we had 50 years ago. You know, we lost 60 percent of that. We are doing very weak. We make electric cars. We're not going to make electric cars anymore. All-electric cars because they have the materials. But we have a thing that's much better we have gasoline.

Donald Trump: And the first thing I'm going to do is end the electric mandate so that you can get an electric car if you want.

Kellyanne Conway: That's right. But it's a choice, not a mandate.

Donald Trump: Yeah. I mean, it's a market. They have seven percent, eight percent. They can't sell the electric cars now. The autoworkers in Michigan are going to easily give us Michigan, the people of Michigan. You know, we had great polls in Michigan. Typically, a Democrat wins Michigan. I won it, but typically, a Democrat wins Michigan.

Donald Trump: We are going to bring back more plants in Michigan than anybody ever thought. And it's so simple. It's a series of tariffs in the right location, and they will just come storming back.

Kellyanne Conway: And also, 15 percent corporate tax rate, you said in Georgia last week, if you have --

Donald Trump: If you make your product here.

Kellyanne Conway: If you make it here. It's very simple.

Donald Trump: We bring the tax rate down from 21 -- don't forget, I got it to 21.

Kellyanne Conway: From 35 to 21. It was 23 percent, OECD.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Well -- and really -- yeah. Really 39, but it was actually 39 to 21. People couldn't believe it, and that's what gave me the greatest economy in history. We had the greatest economy in the history of this country, maybe in the history of the world. When COVID hit, we did an unbelievable job, and the stock market was higher than it was before.

Donald Trump: You know, we did. Nobody talks about that, what I did with the gowns and the masks and the ventilators and all.

Kellyanne Conway: I was there. Every single day you worked on it.

Donald Trump: And Regeneron, the therapeutics.

Kellyanne Conway: The cupboards were bare. There were no supplies.

Donald Trump: The cupboards -- as the expression goes. You remember the expression.

Kellyanne Conway: Yes.

Donald Trump: Because nobody -- in all -- I don't even blame the past presidents because --

Kellyanne Conway: No. It's a once-in-a-century pandemic.

Donald Trump: Nobody thought -- nobody thought we were going to have a pandemic. But despite that -- and we did a great job. Never got credit for that. You know, the Warp Speed -- Operation Warp Speed, there are those that say it was the greatest military action ever taken by this country.

Kellyanne Conway: Well, you saved millions of lives, many.

Donald Trump: And I'm not allowed to talk about it.

Kellyanne Conway: Well, but there, too, sir. That wasn't a mandate.

Donald Trump: You know why? Because I'm a Republican. I'm a Republican, and Republicans don't like to talk about it. ~Kellyanne Conway~ But I think the difference, sir, if I may, is the difference between choice -- personal choice and mandates. The Democrats are for mandates. They're for electric vehicle mandates. Yeah. We had no mandates. We had no --

Kellyanne Conway: You didn't have a vaccine mandate. You made it available.

Donald Trump: Operation Warp Speed is considered one of the greatest things ever done by this country. We saved millions of people. And I handed him something beautiful, and he had more deaths with COVID than I did. Think of it. And I had it in prime time. He just had the remnants of it, more people died. He did such a bad job with COVID, and people try to give them credit, you know, because they want to give them credit.

Donald Trump: They're trying to hide how bad she has been on the wall. I saw this morning where they were saying, "Well, she sort of got a second chance." No, she doesn't. The damage that's done is so severe.

Kellyanne Conway: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Six hundred and forty-five thousand people, massive criminals. But just if you look at one category, murder, the murderers are here. Murderers that killed nine people, 11 people, one they think killed 17 people, and they're not going to have to keep them in jail or execute them. They're not going to have to go through it.

Donald Trump: They're going to save each country, saving hundreds of millions of dollars. The other thing they're doing brilliantly -- I would have done it much faster than them if I ran their country -- they're letting all their people out of their jails. Those jails, if you remember even seeing pictures of them four years ago with me, they were -- I mean, the people couldn't even sit down.

Donald Trump: It was horrible frankly. But all those people now are -- many of them are gone. But they still have people which is shocking. You know why? They couldn't get enough busses. They are busing all those people into the United States of America and in a very short period of time, Venezuela and all the countries that we talk about.

Donald Trump: But the whole world, the Congo and Africa, the whole world, they won't have anybody in prison. Do you know how much money they saved? They're all in the United States of America, and she took them all. Now, she has a news conference last night. "Yes, we're going to do this, and we're going to..." Do border patrol is incensed.

Donald Trump: Border Patrol -- and they're not even supposed to endorse the person. They endorsed me. They said I'm the greatest president they've ever seen at the border and otherwise, OK? The border is one aspect of it, but I'm the greatest president they've ever seen. Tom Homan, all of these guys, these are phenomenal people.

Kellyanne Conway: Brandon Judd.

Donald Trump: Brandon Judd is amazing. Art Cueto is amazing. All of these guys are amazing people. I got endorsed, and they've never endorsed anybody before. They endorsed me twice. And the reason they did is because of the fact that I did a great job.

Kellyanne Conway: Mr. President, it's been almost 10 years.

Donald Trump: Her damage is already done. Remember that.

Kellyanne Conway: Well, that's the thing. You're saying that Americans will look at Kamala Harris at the border for 20 minutes this time and say it's too little too late. It's been almost 10 years --

Donald Trump: Well, I hope so.

Kellyanne Conway: Since you elevated this issue.

Donald Trump: Because they're great at con. I hope so because they're great at con. She stood up yesterday and acted like she's doing a good job at the border. And she's going to be tough. "And I'm going to be tougher than Joe Biden." You know, now, she's throwing the -- throwing it in his face. But when you say Americans -- I hope -- they're not like you or me where, you know, you're -- you're, you know, it's so -- it's such a big part of your life.

Donald Trump: They drive a cab. They're accountants. They're lawyers. They're great people. They're smart. But they don't spend 24/7 on, you know, studying the border. So, when they have her get up and say how great a job she's going to do on the border, the damage is done. But, you know, I asked -- and I saw you say this the other day, too.

Donald Trump: I asked one question. Why don't these commentators, the fake news who protect her totally -- why don't they just ask her, "Why didn't you do it four years ago?"

Kellyanne Conway: That's it. She's the vice president.

Donald Trump: For almost four years, that's all I -- I said that in the debate, and, you know, that guy kept cutting me off, the lightweight, the lightweight anchor, David Muir, whose ratings have gone way down. He kept cutting me off, and I was right on everything. You know, I said the crime numbers have gone through the roof.

Donald Trump: He said, "No, crime has gone down." He's arguing. I said she's supposed to be arguing, not you.

Kellyanne Conway: It's not his job to do that.

Donald Trump: No, no, not only that.

Kellyanne Conway: To fact check. No, no, he shouldn't.

Donald Trump: We had an agreement where they're not allowed to do it. They broke the agreement.

Kellyanne Conway: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I don't watch him anymore.

Kellyanne Conway: But people see it. I used to like him actually. I don't watch him anymore. No, he broke the agreement. They totally -- I had to deal with ABC. You know, ABC is the worst of the group, OK? Nobody knows that, nobody thinks it. Because, again, I deal with all of them. They're worse than NBC. They're worse than the group.

Kellyanne Conway: And they're all bad. I will tell you, they're all bad. Look -- But, Mr. President, for that reason --

Donald Trump: The damage is done.

Kellyanne Conway: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: The damage is done. But why -- why don't people just say, "Why didn't she do this four years ago," right?

Kellyanne Conway: I think many people are saying that. And I just want to look at the polls for a moment. When you elevated illegal immigration and border security into the national consciousness almost 10 years ago, it was at three percent or four percent in the polls. Now, it's No. 2 in all of the swing states and national polls.

Kellyanne Conway: Why? Because people now see. They see the kids in the schools. They see people coming here and getting cash, cell phones, clothing, free hotel rooms. And they're saying it's not fair. Many women are saying this is not fair. I want to talk about female voters for a moment. The Harris campaign wants this election to all be about all abortion.

Kellyanne Conway: It's a vote motivator, a turnout intensifier. Let's talk about women in full. Obviously, women care about abortion, whether you're pro-life pro-choice, or somewhere in between. That's plowed ground. But as president, you made big moves on health care, on education, on crime, things that women care about.

Kellyanne Conway: Also, obviously, on the economy, Reuters reported that most of the job gains in 2019 went to women. African American and Hispanic women particularly benefited from your economy in the job and wage growth. So, let's talk about returning that. But also, I want you to lean in a little bit more to education.

Kellyanne Conway: We have a parents rights renaissance going on from COVID. It's still going on. Lost learning, parents are saying, "I want to have more of a say where my kids go to school and what is taught there." So, we have the Educational Choice for Children Act. Burgess Owens in the House; Tim Scott in the Senate.

Kellyanne Conway: It just passed for the first time ever in the Committee on Ways and Means.

Donald Trump: That's right. It's great. That's great then.

Kellyanne Conway: If it gets to your desk and you as president can say no government spending $10 billion in tax credits to benefit about 2 million students, the left is against this for some reason. They want these kids to be in failing schools. Are you for education --

Donald Trump: So, we're the party of common sense. The left is against almost anything that's good, but we're moving education like we spend more per pupil than any country in the world. So, obviously, it's not working. We're going to move education back to the states where they can run their educational programs, and they'll do great.

Donald Trump: Number one like is Norway and Denmark. And you know they do great. We spend more money per pupil than anybody, and we're last on the list. We're the worst. We have -- we are the worst. We're last or second to last all the time. And second to last to countries that are almost like third-world countries.

Donald Trump: But in many ways, we're a third-world country. We're going to move it back and you take states like Iowa and Idaho and so many, they'll have great education. They'll have education comparable to Norway and Denmark and Sweden and --

Kellyanne Conway: They already have more apparent choice than some of these other states.

Donald Trump: By the way, I hate to say this. China is fourth with 1.4 billion people. Gets rated fourth, and we're rated 40th. Think of it, out of a list of 40, they take 40 countries. And we're rated last, and China is rated fourth. And China is bigger and more complex, if you think about it. We're going to put it back.

Donald Trump: You know, I use the expression, and I used it with the African Americans. And they loved me to use it, and I was right. And then I did all sorts of things like criminal justice reform like taking care of the Historically Black Colleges and Universities. I took care of them. Nobody else did. They were going to go out of business.

Donald Trump: I saved them. And the Black population has been great. But I said to -- what the hell do you have to lose. And they loved it. Everybody said, "Oh, that's a terrible thing to say." I said no. They were last on every category. They were not being taken care of by the Democrats. And what I did is I saved them.

Donald Trump: They're doing great, and I'm doing great with that vote. Look --

Kellyanne Conway: You are.

Donald Trump: You're Kelly Pollster, so you would know.

Kellyanne Conway: Yes.

Donald Trump: But -- but just to get back -- so, number one, we want school choice, but we have to get out of this Washington thing. Half the buildings in Washington are occupied by education. And I was going to do this, and then COVID came. We had to focus on COVID. We're going to move it back to the states. And I'll tell you, out of the 50, 35 are going to do a great job.

Donald Trump: Thirty are going to be as good as there is anywhere in the world. And then you're going to have your laggards, like in California, you have a lousy governor. Wherever you have bad government, it's going to be the same.

Kellyanne Conway: And strong teachers.

Donald Trump: And you'll have to get -- yeah. And you'll have to get through it. But we're going to move it back to the states so that all these states, Indiana -- you know, the states that are really well-run, they're going to have phenomenal education. We'll have like one person and a secretary sitting there to make sure they have English, OK, they teach -- we want reading, writing, and arithmetic.

Donald Trump: Right now, you have mostly transgender. Everything is transgender. Some of these school programs, I looked at it the other night, they're destroying our country. So, education is exciting. It's going to be very exciting. But the whole concept of what we're doing and the one good thing about having our country suffer like it has in the last four years, it's never -- look, the -- the -- the biggest threat is World War III.

Donald Trump: It's coming because Biden's incompetent, and she's worse. She's actually worse than him. She has no clue. You watch Oprah, Oprah wanted to climb under the table. This woman had no clue.

Kellyanne Conway: She speaks in general, and you speak --

Donald Trump: No. But can you imagine her dealing with President Xi?

Kellyanne Conway: Granulary.

Donald Trump: Can you imagine with President Xi? But the one good thing is -- and it's not good enough to have gone through it, but it's -- it is what it is. They've shown how pathetic they are. They've shown how bad they are, and we'll be able to do things to fix it. They're so bad with the police. She's a big defunder of the police.

Donald Trump: You know, anybody that wants to defund the police shouldn't even have a right to run for president. It's so -- so stupid. But she's a big defunder. She wanted to defund -- she was one of the leaders. Operations for illegals that are in prison coming from other countries on transgender. If they want to have a sex-change operation, if they ask for it, we have to give it.

Donald Trump: This is her -- people say, I'm kidding or making it up.

Kellyanne Conway: No, she stated. She's on camera. These are her words.

Donald Trump: She wanted to have sex-change operations for people that are in prison. If you're in a holding bin and you want us -- a holding bin and you want to have a sex-change operation -- you know, first of all, it's terrible, but, you know, those operations cost 250,000. They are major surgery -- major operations.

Donald Trump: This woman is a nut job, and if she's going to be president -- and I'll tell you what. I say things that -- I could be very nice, and I could have a very nice life. I mean, I say things that are very harsh, and they're very -- you know, they'll go after -- look what they did with the mayor of New York.

Donald Trump: Look at what they do. You know, they go after people, but I don't care. The reason I don't care -- and first of all, they've already done it. And I won in Florida. I'm winning my cases, you know, but it was all politically oriented cases. But there's great retribution with these people. They're lunatics.

Donald Trump: But I say it because I'm trying to save this country. If she's here for four years, we will have 250 million people come into our country, and we are going to be Bangladesh. We are going to be -- we're going to go from one of the greatest countries -- and we're not a great country now. We're not -- we're laughed at all over the world.

Donald Trump: We do that Afghanistan thing. It was the most embarrassing -- I believe the most embarrassing moment in the history of our country. Russia went in because of that. They looked -- they said, "They're incompetent. Let's go into Ukraine." October 7th happened, wouldn't have happened with me because Iran was broke. You know, that's why it didn't --

Kellyanne Conway: Didn't happen with you.

Donald Trump: That's why they don't exactly like me. It's one of those things. But look, this is the most important election we'll ever have, and we've got to win it. And if she gets in, this country is -- is finished.

Kellyanne Conway: To me, this is the winning formula. This is what you did with Hillary Clinton, another female opponent. You even out the conversation that Kamala wants the whole election to be about you and hoping that nobody sees her incompetence and her lack of production on the job. I mean, a lot of days as vice president, her -- as I said, there's nothing on her official schedule.

Kellyanne Conway: Imagine that. But I like when you talk about her --

Donald Trump: But so much -- so much damage is done.

Kellyanne Conway: Yes.

Donald Trump: And maybe they want it to be about me. I don't mind it. You know, I like it about me. Maybe some people don't. Look, I got the job done. You have a gentleman named Gutfeld, and he just got his highest rating that he ever had when he interviewed me last week. And he told me something, and we talked. He couldn't stand me initially when he first went on.

Donald Trump: And then with time, he said, "You know, I don't like him, but he gets everything done. He wiped out ISIS. We had the best economy we've ever had, the best trade deals we ever..." I turned to all those trade deals around, those horrible deals with -- we had the worst trade deals. It was -- they had to be crooked, they were so bad they were so once -- anyway -- and he goes through a list of things, all the things I did.

Donald Trump: And I took care of women. They want safety. The women want safety.

Kellyanne Conway: They do. Security, affordability, fairness.

Donald Trump: But Greg Gutfeld said -- he said, you know -- and then I started saying, you know, I'd rather not like him and have a president that does -- gets everything done. And then with time, he got to like me. Then I think he likes me a lot now. I did a show, and he got the highest rating he ever had, but he had a thing.

Donald Trump: He didn't like me. You look back to his initial clips.

Kellyanne Conway: Yeah.

Donald Trump: He was actually the enemy. And then he noticed things like -- he just defeated ISIS. He just built the wall. You know, I built hundreds of miles of wall. That wall saved us. We would be -- you talk about the invasion we have now, it would have been worse, but they didn't finish the wall. They didn't finish areas.

Donald Trump: I was ready to build an extra -- much more than I said, an extra 200 miles. And they said no, and they sold most of this wall for five cents on the dollar. So expensive to build and they sold it, which meant to me they actually want to have open borders. And she's going to go back to open borders. If she wins, you will have open borders.

Donald Trump: This country will be invaded by by criminals, everybody bad. You know, they send all their bad people. They don't send their good people. They send all their killers, all their drug dealers. All their gang members are in our country right now, which by the way, is common sense. I was saying this three years ago.

Donald Trump: I said if you open up to the countries -- and I know the country as well. I know the leaders. They're very smart. I said if you open up, they're going to send all their bad people. They're going to send their gang people, their jail -- the people that are in jail, their murderers. It's exactly what happened.

Donald Trump: We are so lucky that Border Patrol or somebody, because nobody knows exactly who it is, released a list of 245,000 people, but it's actually 650,000 of very serious criminals. But 13,000 murderers -- to be exact, 13,099 murderers. The damage is done, and for the press to shield her, for her to get up and say act like nothing happened -- for four years, she did nothing.

Donald Trump: The Border Patrol hates her. You know, they want to make things good. They could have a very easy job, just sit back and let every -- they don't want it. They see what's happening to our country. They're really great Americans. And you know what else? Law enforcement wants to do their job. When kids walk in a department store, they're walking out with air conditioners.

Donald Trump: They walked out -- I saw the other day, kids walking out with a refrigerator on his back and his two friends. He's got a refrigerator --

Kellyanne Conway: Pretty brazen.

Donald Trump: And the police aren't -- beautiful. I'd like to have that refrigerator. It's a great one. It's got the ice cube thing, the whole deal. But, you know -- and the police are standing there because they're told, if you make even a move with these people, you lose your pension, you lose your job, you lose your family, you lose your car, you lose your house, you lose everything.

Donald Trump: And they want to do their job. Law enforcement wants to do their job. They're so embarrassed when they stand there. But these are liberal Democrat-run cities. And if we're a liberal Democrat-run nation, we're dead.

Kellyanne Conway: You're making the case against Kamala. She -- I don't think we have to talk about her race or gender or age. I don't think we have to call her names. You have to call out her incompetence. Mr. President, there is roughly about five percent undecided voters that remain. The second question for them is vote for Trump or Harris.

Kellyanne Conway: The first question is whether to bother at all, even record turnout in 2020, we had 80 million people, including folks who would have leaned toward you, not vote. What's your message to them? Can they vote early? Can they vote by mail? And what's your closing message to them? They say they're not character abortion or border voters.

Kellyanne Conway: If they are, they're already set. These undecided voters are mostly economic voters. First, when should they vote? Where should they vote? And then why should they vote for you?

Donald Trump: So, let me just say the first thing because -- and, you know, people say, "Oh, don't bring it up." I want to bring it up. You know it. I've done an unbelievable job on the abortion question. It's been going on for 52 years, the Roe v. Wade. I got it brought into the states, and the people are voting, and there's going to be peace finally.

Donald Trump: And they're voting very -- it tends to be on the liberal side, actually, if you look at Ohio and Kansas and other places. But I've done something that Republicans and Democrats and liberals and conservatives and all legal scholars wanted done. And now, it's being done by the states. And they're voting, and they're going to vote.

Donald Trump: I mean, and that's the way it is. And they're voting very much in favor of the liberal side, and it will be done properly because it should have never been in the federal government, never will be in the federal government, doesn't have the votes to be in the federal government. So, a lot of people -- the people that are really into it give me great marks on that.

Donald Trump: It's all working out, and we'll have peace in our nation after 52 years of -- of fighting and turmoil. So, that's that. Look -- and we could go -- I also believe in the exceptions. You know, it's one of those things. You have to. Ronald Reagan was very strong on exceptions. Ronald Reagan ran his career with that -- with the whole thing.

Donald Trump: And I would say I'm probably even stronger than him on the issue, but we have to have peace on that issue. So, I'm not hiding it. A lot of Republicans don't know how to talk about it, but they're with me. And on the IVF, on the fertilization, I think I'm in a way the father of that because I'm the one that immediately, when it came up, said, "Nope, we want to help women."

Donald Trump: And I'm totally in favor of it, and we took an early position. OK, now, we get back to life. Women want strong borders. Women don't want to be raped, accosted sitting in suburbia. They don't want to have low-income housing projects built next to their home that they're so proud of. They don't want to have all of the -- the -- the pillage that will take place if I'm not there.

Donald Trump: If I'm not there, you're going to have 250 million illegal migrants in this country, guaranteed. And I said before what was going to happen. I called every shot. You know, they have a hat. It says Trump was right about everything. The only thing I might not have been right, but I'm going to take credit for it, was this.

Donald Trump: I said we'll never be a socialist country. And I was right because we're going to be a communist country, not -- they skipped socialism. These are radical-left lunatics that are running the country. They run her. She's not a smart person. They run her like a little puppet, but she's out in California raising money and with her friends, and she's not in North Carolina now.

Donald Trump: And she's not in Georgia. And she's not in Alabama and Florida. She's not there. She's out there. And, you know, she works like one -- one day. I do four or five things a day, speeches. I was in -- a very sad thing happened to me. I went up to a certain state. I don't want to say necessarily, and I had thousands of people that wanted to come in.

Donald Trump: And the Biden administration made it very impossible to see those people, right? They made it very -- let's say the state. So, three days ago, I went to Wisconsin. We had 55,000 people waiting, and the Biden administration said they don't have the people because we have to guard the president or the head of -- the head of Iran and others.

Donald Trump: But the head of Iran took a lot of guarding. So, they picked the head of Iran over the leading candidate, including the leading candidate -- you know this -- over the Democrats, which, of course, they don't like too much. So, I had 55,000 people in Wisconsin waiting, and they ushered us into a hall that holds 1,500 people.

Donald Trump: So, I had 55,000 people that couldn't hear what I was going to say. And this is Wisconsin. There's such spirit in Wisconsin. I gave them the biggest boat contract. I did a lot of great things for Wisconsin. I love Wisconsin. And so many, many friends as you do. But I had 55,000 people and had a 1,500, maybe even less than that, maybe a thousand, a little hall because they couldn't give me any help.

Donald Trump: And I'm so angry about it because what they're doing is interfering in the election. They saw what was going on. In fact, we posted pictures. I literally -- it looked like Lindbergh's landing on Broadway, OK? Literally from the airport to the area where I spoke, you had people 10-abreast. It was unbelievable.

Donald Trump: And I said, "This is Wisconsin." And they saw this happening, and they wouldn't give me the Secret Service protection. And I had to go into a little hall and speak. And I said what happens to all those people that come? What happens? And they did that on purpose because they didn't want to have me speak before that kind of a crowd.

Donald Trump: They hated the look, and they hated that many people hearing what I had to say. So, I had 1,500 maybe less. I don't know.

Kellyanne Conway: But all those folks who couldn't get in will vote for you.

Donald Trump: I don't know. No, I don't know because some people would say -- they should be angry at them, not at me, but some people would say, you know, I traveled two hours to get here, etc., etc. I don't know. You know, maybe -- I hope you're right. You're -- don't forget, you're Kellyanne Pollster.

Kellyanne Conway: I am.

Donald Trump: And I hope you're right. But this administration is grossly incompetent, and they're vicious. They go after their political opponent. There's never been a case like my cases. I won the big one in Florida. I have others that I'm winning. I've got to do that and, at the same time, got a campaign. There's never been this before, nobody ever.

Donald Trump: And we were lucky. We don't have any case before the election. That alone was a miracle really because they were rushing this thing. They were rushing it like nobody's ever. It is so sad that a political opponent is being attacked by a group of people. Viciously attacked, never happened in this country.

Donald Trump: It happens in third-world countries but never happened in this country. So --

Kellyanne Conway: It happened from the time we got to the White House, sir.

Donald Trump: It did. We have to win this election. We have unbelievable people ready to go. We're going to turn around our country. We're going to do it fast, and you're going to be very proud. And I wish you a lot of luck in the show. You should do fantastic. With that personality and that mouth that's like a machine gun -- that mouth of yours, I think you're going to do -- I think you're going to have a great show and great success.

Kellyanne Conway: Thank you very much, sir. And you being a guest is really just quite remarkable. I know you say no to a third debate. I believe that October 23rd is too late, the date offered by one of the networks. But let me just say this. Tomorrow, we're going to see vice presidential running mate JD Vance in a debate against Tim Walz.

Kellyanne Conway: That's a mismatch in my view. I think Vance will do very well.

Donald Trump: He'll do great.

Kellyanne Conway: And for many of the reasons you chose him in the first place, he's unafraid to go in front of liberal media and hostile reporters.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Kellyanne Conway: But I know you, and I just believe when you see the end of that debate, are you going to let that be the last word of presidential debates of this season and of your career? Are you going to want one more?

Donald Trump: So, I'd rather debate. I'd rather have another one. The problem is we're so far down the line and, also, I had a three-on-one debate the last time. So, I debated Biden. And I must say CNN was very fair. And then I had the other debate, and ABC was totally crooked. They were crooked.

Kellyanne Conway: So, why not have another?

Donald Trump: Because they agreed --

Kellyanne Conway: It's your batting average.

Donald Trump: That they weren't going to do -- no, but -- but here's the thing. And I like debating and I thought I did a great job. I thought that was one of my best debates, but it gets spun and spun. It's so crooked. I thought it was one of my best debates, and they said I'm the goat of debates. I think I've done really well in debates, OK? Rosie O'Donnell, ask her.

Kellyanne Conway: The pride is there.

Donald Trump: Ask a lot of other people, too, that are lying in the dust. But what happened is ABC totally violated their agreement. And this guy like was debating me.

Kellyanne Conway: But why let that be the last word then?

Donald Trump: No, no. Because -- because, number one, we're winning. Number two, it's very late in the process. You know, the people are voting already. I would like to do another debate. I'd like to do more than one debate. The problem is it's late. They turned down the Fox debate. And don't forget, I had two debates. I had to beat Biden.

Kellyanne Conway: You did. That one was early.

Donald Trump: And then -- and then I had to beat her. And the one with her was very late, too. And then we had a fake news organization, terrible -- ABC. The worst of all is ABC. I've always said it. That's why they wanted ABC because they had a deal with ABC. But I said, I don't care if they do because it doesn't matter.

Donald Trump: Hey, look, I took on three people, and a lot of people say -- I think I won the debate.

Kellyanne Conway: I think the expectations for Harris were so low because everybody sees her in interviews, but I just want to say this.

Donald Trump: But she wasn't great. She was terrible.

Kellyanne Conway: She's one-for-one. You've had seven of these debates. And I feel like you're Shohei Ohtani. I feel like you can pitch. You can -- you can bat, and people just want to hear, I think that last five percent that is decisive but elusive right now, maybe wants to see the two of you together. Look --

Donald Trump: Part of the problem is this.

Kellyanne Conway: Some people say she brought her best game. I think she brought her only game.

Donald Trump: Part of the problem is this. CNN wants to do the debate.

Kellyanne Conway: Forget that you've done [Inaudible] them.

Donald Trump: And CNN was very fair, and they got killed because they were fair. And Biden was out of the race because of that. You know, if we didn't have that debate, he'd be running now instead of her. And honestly, I think he's actually better than her, which is a pretty bad thing to say, but he's better than her.

Donald Trump: But CNN will go out of their way. They'll do what ABC did, where they'll have you know three on one or five on one or whatever it is. So, I don't think you can get a fair shake. But even if you didn't, I would love to have two or three more debates. I like it. I enjoy it, but they're so rigged and so stacked, you'll see it tomorrow with JD.

Donald Trump: It'll be stacked. He's going up against a moron, a total moron. How she picked him is unbelievable. And I think it's a big factor. There's something wrong with that guy. He's sick. He went into the Michigan game the other day. He got booed out. I went into the Alabama game. The -- 120,000 people went crazy. There wasn't one --

Kellyanne Conway: Alabama-Georgia. Yeah.

Donald Trump: There wasn't one boo, and the Georgia people were great, and the Alabama people were great. There wasn't anybody -- they were so happy because they want him -- they have to have change. You know the expression change, I want change? There's never been a time in our country where people wanted change so badly.

Donald Trump: So, we're leading, and we have to get more votes than we should have to get. And i think we'll --

Kellyanne Conway: Does that include early voting? Are you encouraging people if they feel comfortable?

Donald Trump: Sure. Early voting, I like.

Kellyanne Conway: Mail-in voting?

Donald Trump: But -- early voting. I like all voting.

Kellyanne Conway: Will you vote for yourself early in Florida?

Donald Trump: Yeah, probably. Well --

Kellyanne Conway: If you show people that, then I think they'll follow.

Donald Trump: Yeah, but -- OK, it's -- early voting is great. I think it's great. The main thing I want is voting, all right? A lot of people like the Tuesday voting. You know, they like it, and Republicans traditionally like to vote on Tuesday.

Kellyanne Conway: That's when I go. But early voting is great if you want to do early voting. We have a problem in North Carolina. We had a big hurricane and really hurt a lot of my voters. And I hope -- And you're headed to Georgia today.

Donald Trump: I hope that my voters -- I mean, they lost their homes, and they're being treated horribly by Biden and Harris. Nobody knows where is Harris. You know, you say Harris, everyone says, "Who's Harris?" But they're being treated terribly by Biden and Harris. Very little relief. They're going out of their way to hurt these people.

Donald Trump: And I hope they just say we're going to get you and we're going to -- we're going to not let -- you know they're being treated very badly in the Republican areas, right? In North Carolina, the -- the government is treating them very badly. It's a -- it's a Democrat government.

Kellyanne Conway: I hope they get the need -- what they need.

Donald Trump: They're being treated very badly. And the Biden-Harris team is also treating Republican areas -- they're not getting water. They're not getting anything. I hope they're going to say we're going out to vote. We're going to get rid of these people because they have destroyed our country. What they've done to our country -- the good news, I'm going to fix it.

Donald Trump: But if we have another four years like this, it's no longer -- we have no country. It's no longer fixable. So, let me just end with a little positivity. We're going to make America great again, greater than ever before. It's not too late. We have to get out and vote in any form you want, but you got to vote.

Donald Trump: You got to make sure your vote is counted, and you can do that. All of those people that were affected -- this was a big thing that happened. You know, that was -- some people say the biggest hurricane they've ever seen. And from a water standpoint, I guess it was. If you can, get out and vote because some areas that are like a hundred percent Trump have been just decimated.

Donald Trump: And if I were president, they would be taken care of so well, but these people are going just -- they're going out of their way to hurt these people, which shows you how sick and how evil this administration is. But I'll be in very soon and, hopefully, we're going to win. As you know, we're leading in Michigan.

Donald Trump: We're leading in a lot of places. I think we're leading in Wisconsin. This crowd in Wisconsin the other day that I'm talking about, think of it. They wouldn't -- they wouldn't let me speak before that crowd. They gave me a little hall instead. They said we have nobody -- because they're guarding the Iranian president.

Donald Trump: And that was the excuse they used. They're bad people. But this crowd, I think we're going to win Wisconsin. I think we're going to have --

Kellyanne Conway: That's what we did we did in 2016, first time since 1984. And these are --

Donald Trump: Well, nobody's had enthusiasm like this. You know, they have another poll that just came out, and it was the enthusiasm gap. And I'm like triple the enthusiasm. Nobody has enthusiasm for her. She's a dumb person. And, you know, I'm being honest. We can't diddle around. We have to say it like it is. This country is not going to survive with four more years like we had last time.

Donald Trump: She will be worse than Biden, and you couldn't -- he's the worst president in history. She will be a worse president. She's the worst vice president in history. You know for a fact nobody in the Democrat Party wanted her. They fail to being politically correct.

Kellyanne Conway: She got zero votes.

Donald Trump: She was -- she was the last -- no, but on the list of 12 --

Kellyanne Conway: Yes.

Donald Trump: She was the last one on the list of 12. The recent list of 12 where they picked them, with Whitmer and all these different people, right? She was the last one on the list. She was not going to get it, but they fail because they felt they had to be politically correct. If our country has her as our president, our country is finished.

Kellyanne Conway: Mr. President, you talked about enthusiasm gap. There's a double-gender gap. Now, the gender gap has usually been Republicans' problem with women. They have a problem with men. You're doing very well among men. I just want to quickly say four groups, African Americans, Hispanic Americans, young people, rank-and-file union members' households.

Kellyanne Conway: You don't need 50 percent of any of those groups to be the next president, and you're doing much better than you did before and that you did with Biden. So, there's that. But this double-gender gap, you're obviously making a play for men, but she in the swing states, according to the New York Times, is only leading you by six in Georgia and North Carolina and Arizona among women.

Kellyanne Conway: And you're leading her by 16 among men. So, is that the play here, just to get more males?

Donald Trump: No. I'm not making a play for men. I really, you know, you tell me I'm making -- I'm just being me. I'm just saying we're going to have safe borders. We're going to have a strong military. We're going to not let people attack you and rape you and you -- you know, in your house in the suburbs by some migrant that's up there and, you know, it goes wild because he's crazy. I'm not making a play --

Kellyanne Conway: Your messages for men and women?

Donald Trump: And I'm honestly not making a play for women. I'm -- I'm -- you know, I shouldn't say that. I'm not making a play for women. I'm just saying you're going to have safety. You're going to have strong borders. You're going to have good education.

Kellyanne Conway: Economic security.

Donald Trump: You're going to have low taxes. You know, I'm cutting taxes. She's raising taxes. She's giving the biggest tax increase in history. It's the only time I've ever seen a candidate say we're going to raise taxes and think they're going to win because these people are crazy. But we're going to have safety.

Donald Trump: And so, the women thing, I did a great thing long term, and I think I think they'll understand, on the Roe v. Wade. I did a great thing. And you're going to have exceptions, and it's really working out well. And you're going to have peace finally after 52 years of -- of parades and fighting back and forth.

Donald Trump: You're going to have peace. It basically brings it to the vote of the people in the states -- and did a great thing. But I did a great thing for safety. When I was president, people were safe. We had the strongest border in history. That's the chart. We had the strongest border in history. We had the military like nobody ever had before.

Donald Trump: The stronger -- we had the strongest military. We were respected all over the world. Kim Jong Un respected me. He was not a problem. China was not a problem.

Kellyanne Conway: No new wars.

Donald Trump: I took in hundreds of billions of dollars in taxes and tariffs from China. Not one president -- and they're not even doing well right now because of the tariffs. You know, Biden can't get the tariffs off because they're bringing in so much money -- that he can't take them off. It would destroy the whole budget.

Donald Trump: And it's keeping them out from destroying our companies and taking our jobs. So, women want safety and security, and I give them that. So, when you say I want to get the women, I am. I just sort of --

Kellyanne Conway: You beat --

Donald Trump: The thing -- I'm doing great with men. I'm doing OK with -- but I should be doing actually better with women than I'm doing with men because we're giving them safety. And they need that for their families. We're doing fantastically with Hispanic. We're doing really fantastically with the whole Black population.

Donald Trump: It's great. I think we're going to have a great election. We -- we did have a setback this -- this horrible hurricane has hurt us because, you know, it's gone into a lot of areas where you have just unbelievable people, and they happen to be Republicans or Trump people. More Trump than Republican, I think, to be honest with you.

Donald Trump: And we're going to help them, but it will show. Watch. They are being treated so badly by our government that it's already being talked about. Nothing's being brought to them. No supplies, no water, no nothing. It's disgraceful. But we're going to wait. Very simply, we're going to win this election, and we're going to make America great again, greater than ever before.

Donald Trump: But this is the most important election we've ever had. And if we don't win it, I really believe our country is finished.

Kellyanne Conway: Do you feel safe out on the trail? There's been two attempts on your life?

Donald Trump: No. No, I don't feel safe.

Kellyanne Conway: Do you feel footsteps down when you go out there?

Donald Trump: It's a dangerous business. It is a dangerous business. You know, auto races, it's one -- it's one-tenth of one percent, right, die. Bull riders, I think that's really dangerous. What should I say? Those guys are courageous. It's a little more than an auto racer, right? One-tenth of one percent, a little bit more.

Donald Trump: With presidents, about five or six percent,OK? No, I'm in a very dangerous position. And sadly or unsadly, it's only consequential presidents that this happens to. I have a lot of enemies because I'm doing the right thing. I mean, when China pays us billions and billions of dollars in taxes -- and they never paid anything before me.

Donald Trump: When all these other countries -- when Iran was broke under me -- and they would have signed anything I put before them and I would have had that done quickly. Biden didn't take advantage of it, by the way. He could have had them sign a deal that was so --

Kellyanne Conway: He handed it.

Donald Trump: They wanted to sign the deal. It would have been done. They were broke. You know that. I wouldn't let anybody buy oil. And I don't want to hurt Iran. I want to have a good relationship with them, but they were very hostile. And there was no terror. In my years, there was no terror whatsoever. All I want them to do is not have a nuclear weapon.

Donald Trump: They can't have a nuclear weapon. And they were all set. And then we had that horrible election. And what happened? Biden came in, and everything was blown. So, what I want to do is I just -- you know, this MAGA is a great thing because it says it better than anything anybody can say. I want to make America great again.

Donald Trump: And that's what we're doing. We have more support, I think, than anybody's ever had. And I think we're going to have a great election. We'll see. But it has displayed how bad, how badly they have run this country. They have run the country into the ground. We're a failing nation, we're doing very badly.

Donald Trump: We're laughed at all over the world. We're laughed at, and we have to turn it around. And I'm going to turn it around so fast, and I'm going to drill, baby, drill. And I'm going to seal up the border, and I'm going to get rid of all those murderers and all those convicts that they've sent into our country because they're not going to do us any good.

Donald Trump: That I know for sure. And we're going to do something that's really great. You're going to be proud of your country.

Kellyanne Conway: President Trump, you're on your way to talk to people who have suffered from this hurricane. We're going to let you go, but I'm very grateful for your time. I know our audience benefits tremendously from everything you've had to say on a range of issues today. Thank you very much, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: OK. Thank you very much. Thank you.

Kellyanne Conway: Thank you.