Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-greg-kelly-mercedes-schlapp-newsmax-august-22-2024

Greg Kelly: President Trump, great to have you here. I'm sitting with Mercedes Schlapp. We just watched the speech. What did you think? Great to have you on.

Donald Trump: Well, I think -- and hello, Mercedes, and I hate to cut off Sebastian, that's really can be very dangerous. I don't like doing that. But I will tell you, I just watched it, very nonspecific. She didn't talk about many things like interest rates, China, fracking in anywhere, let alone Pennsylvania, crime, poverty, trade deficits, child trafficking, woman trafficking, drugs, the border.

Donald Trump: She didn't talk about the most important things. It was a very general speech. And I asked a simple question, why didn't she do it? She's complaining about this and that. She's complaining about prices. Why didn't she do it? The only thing she wanted to do is put price controls on. And if you look back, it's been done like 122 times over the last 200 years.

Donald Trump: It's never worked once. In fact, it's driven tremendous inflation and destroyed most countries where they tried it. But she's not a student of history. That I can tell you. So, I mean, I -- I personally thought it was a terrible speech. It was very nonspecific. It was also very short. She just wanted to get off the stage because her ideas are bad.

Donald Trump: Look, she's a Marxist.

Mercedes Schlapp: Yes.

Donald Trump: She is a total Marxist and -- or -- or beyond that. She skipped socialism. Remember, I said, we will never have a socialist country. Our country will never be a socialist country. I was right. They skipped socialism. She went to Marxism and communism.

Mercedes Schlapp: Mr. President, let me ask you this. During her speech, she mentioned something about an -- that you would push forward an anti-abortion coordinator of sorts. This is the first I've ever heard of this and wanted to know that -- you know, she's obviously trying to target these women voters.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Mercedes Schlapp: What's your answer to that?

Donald Trump: It's a total lie. I've never even heard it. I've never even heard the term. Well, they keep talking about Project '25, which is a group of pretty far-right people, got together, they did something called Project '25. I have no idea what it is. I don't want to read it. I don't want to see it. I don't want to know anything about it. But they use that.

Donald Trump: But they know that I have nothing to do with it and that -- look, everybody knows all of my policies.

Mercedes Schlapp: Yes.

Donald Trump: And, you know, in Roe v. Wade, we've taken that -- we've made that -- we've done what they wanted us to do. We brought it down. First of all, its exceptions. We have the exception for the life of the mother and rape and incest. And that's like Ronald Reagan, like myself, etc. Most people, most Republicans agree with that.

Donald Trump: You have to follow your heart, but most Republicans agree with that. But that issue has been brought way back. It's now in the states taking votes, as you saw Ohio, Kansas. And actually, they were far more liberal than a lot of people would have thought. But everybody wanted that issue brought back to the states, the legal scholars, Democrats, Republicans, everybody, and we did that.

Donald Trump: And, you know, it's really become a -- almost, I think -- look, I'm not going to say it's an issue that leans toward us, but people are happy. Every legal scholar wanted it brought back. They didn't want it in the federal government, and I was able to get it out, get it brought back to the states. And now, the states are all voting on it, and it's where it should be. And I think you two agree with that.

Donald Trump: It's exactly where it should be. And this has gone on for 52 years. And now, our country can be brought back and brought together.

Greg Kelly: You know, it's wild. Five weeks ago, basically, the Democrats knew that she wasn't worthy of the presidency. Joe Biden doesn't like her. And here she is, the Democrat nominee. It's -- it's totally wild. Watching tonight, are you thinking about the debate? Did you see anything that you think you might be able to exploit?

Greg Kelly: Does she look more beatable after tonight?

Donald Trump: Well, she lies and she's not specific, and it was a very general -- it was like just a general speech. But I asked one question, why didn't she do it before? In fact, she's got five months left. Why doesn't she leave the beautiful studio or wherever she is right now, hop on a plane, go down to Washington, DC, and close the border?

Mercedes Schlapp: Yes.

Donald Trump: Because she can close the border very easily. You know that. I didn't have a bill. I didn't ask for a bill. I closed the border. I told -- I told the Border Patrol, who are incredible people, and the law enforcement generally, including ICE, close up the border, get MS-13 out of our country. We took them out by the thousands.

Donald Trump: Get them out. We got criminals out. We have the best border we've ever had. You saw the famous border chart, my all-time favorite chart for even different reasons, OK? You understand that.

Greg Kelly: Yeah.

Mercedes Schlapp: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But why didn't they close it? Why don't they go down to Washington and do these things? Why didn't she mention fracking? She didn't want to mention it. She will never allow fracking. She's just using that and saying it. You know, she's changed -- she's the greatest flip-flopper. Every single thing that she believed in all her life, she's now changed because she wants to get elected.

Donald Trump: But if she got elected, she would never do these things.

Mercedes Schlapp: President Trump, you were down at the border today. You met with families that have been just -- just so tragically impacted by --

Donald Trump: Decimated.

Mercedes Schlapp: These criminals.

Donald Trump: Yup.

Mercedes Schlapp: These all on the watch of Kamala Harris. What's your message to Kamala Harris knowing that she has never -- I mean, zero times gone to the border?

Donald Trump: She's presided over as borders czar the worst border anywhere in the history of the world. Anywhere, not just here, anywhere. Millions of people have been allowed to flow through into our country. People that came out of prisons and jails and mental institutions and insane asylums and terrorists, they are pouring in. But remember, the jail populations from countries all over the world are being allowed to come into the USA, the good old USA, and the jail populations are way down.

Donald Trump: Crime in other countries is way down because they're bringing their criminals. You look at Venezuela. They've gone into Caracas, which was a very unsafe city. And now, it's safe. In fact, someday, the three of us will have to go there. No, let's bring your husband with us also, right? And we'll bring some of the other people that are with you because I like the people that are with you, and we'll go to Caracas because it'll be safer than any place in our country.

Donald Trump: She's destroying our country. They're allowing the criminals to come in from other countries into the United States of America. She is destroying our country. And nobody covers that better than Greg.

Greg Kelly: Thank you, Mr. President. And you know what, we want to respect your time, but I saw you at the border today. Mercedes just brought it up. I saw you with those families. You have a big heart. I know you do. And anybody who doubts it doesn't know you or they've been lied to about you. The fake news is, as you see, a monolith, and they are trying to do anything they can to stop you.

Greg Kelly: Going forward, next couple of months, is there anything you might be able to do, whether it's different, whether it's -- I don't know -- to show people who you really are, to get through this -- all the lies that they heard about you tonight? They are lying about you constantly. I think there are good people out there, maybe even on the left, who might come to your side if they really knew what was at stake, if they really could find out who you are.

Donald Trump: Well, they do lie, and the -- her speech was, you know, so many different things about Social Security. She's going to ruin Social Security, not me. She came up with things like I'm going to destroy Social Security. I'm going to terminate it or something. It's crazy. And I didn't do it for four years. But she is going to terminate it because she's allowing illegal migrants to come in and be put on Social Security and Medicare.

Donald Trump: They're taking over our schools, our hospitals. They're destroying our country. And they're killing lots of people, killing and maiming lots of people. These are seriously criminal people. They're coming out of prisons.

Mercedes Schlapp: Right.

Donald Trump: And the -- the only thing good is that they make our criminals look like nice people. I mean, these are really rough, tough, vicious people. And she's allowed them to flow in by the tens of millions. I believe the real number is 20 million. And by the way, I don't know if you know this, Mercedes, but the father of Greg, the father of the man that you're with was a great police commissioner.

Donald Trump: I think he's the longest-serving commissioner -- police commissioner in New York. We could use Ray. We could use him because we really need guys like that. That man was something really special. New York was safe. But of course, he didn't have the problem of having hundreds of thousands of people coming in from prisons of other countries.

Donald Trump: We are like a dumping ground --

Mercedes Schlapp: Right.

Donald Trump: For the entire world. The -- and this is not just South America. They're coming in from Africa, the Congo in Africa, from prisons in the Congo. They're coming in from Asia. They're coming in from the Middle East, rough places, too, rough, rough places. And they're coming into our country. And what they're doing is just -- and it's just like today, the fraud that they're committing.

Donald Trump: Eight hundred and eighteen thousand jobs, they defrauded the public. They thought it was going to hang out until after the election, but there was a leaker in statistics who -- in the Department of Labor that released the information. Almost a million people they said had jobs. We created new jobs. It turned out to be a total fraud.

Donald Trump: That's not a revision. You know, that's not a revision, Greg.

Mercedes Schlapp: Yes.

Greg Kelly: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Not that number. That's the highest number anybody's ever seen. There's never been a number like that. Almost a million jobs, it was a fraud. There's no number. And they thought they were going to hold out until after November 5th, the most important day in the history of our country. That's Election Day.

Donald Trump: And I'd just ask your viewers to get out and vote.

Donald Trump: And the nice thing about your viewers, they're 100 percent for Trump. That I can tell you, 100 percent. Your -- your show is fantastic.

Greg Kelly: Mr. President, we thank you very much. I know you had a long day. So, look, New York needed Ray Kelly. America needs you.

Mercedes Schlapp: Yes.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Greg Kelly: And we wish -- we wish you safety and very much so because you are in a dangerous business. Thank you, Mr. President.

Mercedes Schlapp: Yes. Mr. President --

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you both.

Mercedes Schlapp: Keep -- keep safe. And I know that a lot of Americans are praying for you and for your safety and for your family.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Say hello to everybody. Say hello to Matt, and thank you both very much. Talk to you soon.

Mercedes Schlapp: Thank you.

Greg Kelly: All the best.