Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-dave-ramsey-podcast-october-2-2024

Dave Ramsey: This inflation thing is a big deal. So, in the first 90 days, the strokes that you make to change the economy when you're elected, that's pretty dramatic.

Donald Trump: I believe I'll be able to get energy down to 50 percent of what it is right now within a period of less than a year.

Dave Ramsey: I know small businesses are where jobs come from. When you guys in government can take your hands off of small business, we're able to employ people and change things. So, how can you help small businesses?

Donald Trump: You have to love what you do. If you don't love what you do, it's not going to work. It's the largest tax cuts in the history of our country. That's why we became so successful. You know what's funny --

Dave Ramsey: You think -- you think we can do that again?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I think we can go lower. If I don't turn my head at the exact 90-degree angle, if I was a little off, I'm not doing this very nice interview with you.

Dave Ramsey: I hear you're going back to Butler and finish the speech.

Donald Trump: I am. I'm going to say --

Dave Ramsey: Hey, guys. Dave Ramsey here with The Ramsey Show. If you don't know what The Ramsey Show is, it's a show about life, about money, about relationships. It's not a show about politics. We specifically, over the years, have tried to remind you over and over again that what happens in your house is more important for your success than what happens in the White House.

Dave Ramsey: We also realize that this election is a really important time right now, that people are really looking at what's happening. There's a real divisiveness in the air, a lot of anger in the air. So, our team reached out to Vice President Harris' team about the opportunity to sit down with her for a long-form interview and reached out to President Trump's team about the opportunity to sit down for a long-form interview with him and to talk about ideas, talk about what's going to happen, not what has happened and not about personalities and not about name-calling because both sides are pretty good at all of that stuff.

Dave Ramsey: And the fact that I sit down with either one of these candidates is going to piss some of you off. And frankly, I'm perfectly fine with that. It's something I wanted to do, and I felt like it was something we needed to talk about. So, I find myself sitting here in Trump Tower, getting ready to interview President Trump for a few minutes.

Dave Ramsey: I think you're going to find this really interesting. So, President Trump, thanks for taking the time to sit down with us.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Dave Ramsey: I'm honored to be with you.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Dave.

Dave Ramsey: Hanging out with you. As you know, we do a show called The Ramsey Show and talk to regular folks every day, calling in most of the time with financial trouble --

Donald Trump: Right.

Dave Ramsey: Sometimes with financial victories, stuff we've taught them to do, the basic grandma's commonsense stuff.

Donald Trump: Right.

Dave Ramsey: And that audience that's going to be watching this is they're not concerned with a lot of things, but they are concerned with $8 eggs --

Donald Trump: Right.

Dave Ramsey: Five dollar gas, 7 percent interest rates --

Donald Trump: They should be.

Dave Ramsey: And a house they can't afford with wages not going up as fast as house prices.

Donald Trump: Right.

Dave Ramsey: This inflation thing is a big deal. So, in the first 90 days, the strokes that you make to change the economy when you're elected are a big deal. What are you -- what's the first things you're going to do on that -- in that --

Donald Trump: Well, in terms of inflation, you're right. And it's almost inflation over the economy, if you want to really know, because people are getting wiped out like never before. I think it's the highest inflation we've ever had. They say it's the highest in 48 years. I think it's the highest ever. There's never been any mess like this.

Donald Trump: And it's because of what they did with energy also, then they topped it with spending with money, that trillions and trillions of dollars that they didn't need that's being just wasted. But the first thing you have to do is get the energy down. If you get the energy down, other things are going to follow.

Donald Trump: You want to get the interest rates down, too. And interestingly, even interest rates are going to follow energy because it's going to take that burden off the shoulders of the economy and off the shoulders of inflation itself. And we are going to drill at a level that you haven't seen since, let's say, four or five years ago.

Donald Trump: But even more so, we would have been so dominant by this point. If you remember, when you go back to the beginning of this really failed administration that we're in right now, what they did was they turned off the energy, they turned off everything that I had.

Dave Ramsey: So, you're turning back on the Keystone. You're going to turn back on the drill, baby, drill line, and the --

Donald Trump: It's drill, baby, drill.

Dave Ramsey: In your acceptance speech at the convention.

Donald Trump: True. That -- it says it all. You know, I'd like to use another line, but there's no line that's better, and we're going to drill, baby, drill. But the fact that they turned it off. And then the energy -- if you look back at the very initial period of their administration, the -- the numbers started going through the roof, the energy numbers.

Donald Trump: Inflation was caused -- and then they went back to Trump where they're trying to equal it. And it kept it bad, as opposed to horrific. And it's been really bad. And the energy has been very expensive, but nothing like it could have been. So, they went back to Trump-type things. But we would have been now three to four times more.

Donald Trump: We would have been dominating the entire world on energy. We have more than anybody else, as you've heard me say, but as you also know.

Dave Ramsey: Right.

Donald Trump: We have -- I call it liquid gold. We have more liquid gold under our feet than anybody else, actually, by far. We would have dominated. We would have been taking care of Europe. We would have been taking care of Asia. We would have been taking care -- you know, ANWR in Alaska is the biggest find anywhere in the world.

Donald Trump: It could be as big as Saudi Arabia. And I got it. Ronald Reagan couldn't get it. Nobody could get it. I got it. It was done, ready to start. And when these people came in, they turned it off. They -- they -- they terminated it. Nobody could believe it.

Dave Ramsey: I don't know if people realize that, you know, 10 to 15 percent of the entire economy is energy --

Donald Trump: Right.

Dave Ramsey: And it weaves its tentacles through everything else. So, a $5 gas --

Donald Trump: It affects --

Dave Ramsey: Affects the bread truck who's delivering the bread --

Donald Trump: Yeah. Yeah.

Dave Ramsey: And that affects the cost of the bread then. And so, you know, getting that plentiful, right, changes everything.

Donald Trump: So, I have a little thing that I've been saying lately because I think it's easily achievable. You know, we pay very high energy costs, and especially now, but we're paying very, very high. I believe I'll be able to get energy down to 50 percent, 50, 5-0 percent of what it is right now within a period of less than a year.

Dave Ramsey: Wow.

Donald Trump: That's pretty good. It's going to happen fast, OK? It's going to happen fast.

Dave Ramsey: Well, what are you going to do to do that? What causes that?

Donald Trump: They're going to drill. They're going to -- they're going to frac. They're going to do things that they -- they have tremendous --

Dave Ramsey: So, taking the rigs off, taking the regulation gloves off?

Donald Trump: Yeah, we -- oh, we have to. They put them back on. They put regulations back on. That areas that have no environmental real meaning, they don't let them drill. They're -- they're taking leases away, government leases that you're hearing about. I think we can get energy costs down to half of what they -- if we do that --

Dave Ramsey: That's pretty dramatic.

Donald Trump: If -- everything -- all of those inflated prices are going to come down with it.

Dave Ramsey: I think the other piece of that, and I know it was part of your administration, and you and I were talking before we turned the cameras on --

Donald Trump: Right.

Dave Ramsey: That we have a mutual friend in Art Laffer.

Donald Trump: Well, he's great.

Dave Ramsey: And I know he helped a little bit with the tax code --

Donald Trump: He did.

Dave Ramsey: In the last administration. And I personally have experienced the Laffer curve, that lower taxes --

Donald Trump: Right.

Dave Ramsey: Causes increased revenues to the federal government because it heats up the economy. And I'm a small business guy. When you lower my taxes, it doesn't mean I put it in my pocket, it means I hire people.

Donald Trump: Right.

Dave Ramsey: And so, talk about lowering taxes in the first year of your administration.

Donald Trump: Yeah, you probably saw my plan, and I think we have something really good. I was, yesterday, in North Carolina, which is great. That was the furniture capital of the world, and China then went in and did a number and took so much of that business -- you know, most of that business. The talent -- I used to go there to buy furniture for hotels and things.

Dave Ramsey: Yeah, we all do.

Donald Trump: I --

Dave Ramsey: Hickory, North Carolina.

Donald Trump: Yup, in Hickory. I was in Hickory yesterday and made a speech. And we're going to bring it all back. What we're doing is it's sort of a two-phase. Number one, I took taxes from 39 percent to 21 percent. You know that better than anyone. It's the largest tax cuts in the history of our country. And that was great.

Donald Trump: That's why we became so successful. You know what's funny --

Dave Ramsey: You think -- you think we can do that again.

Donald Trump: Yeah, I think we can go lower, and I'll tell you what I'm doing. I'm bringing it from 21 to 15, but you have to manufacture your product here and then you pay 15 percent. And then I'm going to put tariffs on countries so they can't come in and steal our business so that our businesses now can be competitive, not that -- I mean, China came in and just stole all our furniture and -- and many other industries, by the way, including steel.

Donald Trump: And I saved steel by putting 50 percent and 100 percent tariffs on all of the -- all of the steel that they were dumping. But we're going to do -- so, in other words, this is a dream for you then, we're bringing the tax rate from 21. Remember, it was 39, and it was really 50 if you add state and local and all of the other things.

Donald Trump: So, we're going to bring it down from 21 to 15. I got it down to 21, which everyone said was impossible, and got it approved by Congress. So, it's -- you know, it's there. And we're going to bring that down to 15, but you have to make your product in the United States.

Dave Ramsey: Yeah. And we do see federal revenues go up when the taxes go down --

Donald Trump: Well --

Dave Ramsey: Because -- because the economy goes.

Donald Trump: You -- you saw it with me. So --

Dave Ramsey: We saw it with Reagan, too.

Donald Trump: And you saw it with Reagan. So, at 39 percent, and then down to 21 percent, you would think we'd do half or you'd do much less. In the first full year, we did much more revenue in the United States than we did at 39. In other words, we took in much more money.

Dave Ramsey: Which is how you solved the deficit. I mean, Bill Clinton almost balanced the budget with this exact same principle.

Donald Trump: Yeah, that's true. That's true. He did. And cost-cutting.

Dave Ramsey: Yeah.

Donald Trump: We have plenty of cost-cutting to do, too, and that's OK.

Dave Ramsey: Yeah, that's definitely true.

Donald Trump: In fact, I'm going to ask Elon, who's a great guy, but he's a pretty good --

Dave Ramsey: That was a great interview.

Donald Trump: Yeah -- oh, that was a great interview.

Dave Ramsey: Yeah, it was.

Donald Trump: That was -- that was some interview. We did pretty big numbers, I hear. We did like 900 million people or something. That was a pretty good one. But he's a great guy, and he gave me a full endorsement and all of that. But he -- he's got a good sense on that. There's tremendous cost-cutting that we can do and affect nothing.

Donald Trump: Just -- we're not going to affect anybody. We're not going to hurt anybody. We have to save Social Security and keep it good and solid. I don't want to be raising ages or anything. I don't want to do -- they're putting migrants into Social Security. When -- when they get finished, they are -- if she got elected, this country is going bust.

Donald Trump: If she got elected, we're going back to 1929 depression. It's -- it would be a disaster for Medicare, Social Security. They're allowing millions and millions of people to come in. You can't use these schools anymore. The quality of life in this country has gone so bad because of what they've done.

Dave Ramsey: One of the things that our viewers know about us, we work with tens of thousands of small business people. And so, coaching them. Fifty-four percent of the gross domestic product is businesses 500 people or less.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Dave Ramsey: Almost everyone in America -- over half -- almost 60 percent of the people work for --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Dave Ramsey: A small business. And I know small businesses are where jobs come from --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Dave Ramsey: Not from government. So, politicians don't create jobs, small businesses do.

Donald Trump: The small businesses --

Dave Ramsey: Kind of pisses -- kind of pisses people like me off when they --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Dave Ramsey: When the politicians say they're the ones making the jobs. We're the ones making the jobs.

Donald Trump: Sure. And he's right.

Dave Ramsey: But when you guys -- when you guys in government can take your hands off of small business and allow us to do our thing, we're able to employ people and change things. So, how can you help small businesses?

Donald Trump: Well, the best way is just letting them do what they have to do, but we still have to give them a playing field. If we don't give them a level playing field, they will die. And that's what happened before. That's why China came in. That's why all the -- they came in and they came in at a level like nobody's ever seen, and we did nothing about it.

Donald Trump: So, the word tariff, to me, is a very beautiful word because it can -- it can save our country, truly. And yet, I think because of graft, because of a lot of consulting payments and other things that are given by other countries, we have so much fighting with politicians on using it. I saved our steel industries by putting tariffs on steel that China came in and dumped.

Donald Trump: And you know what they do, they dump and dump and dump. Everybody goes out of business. Then they buy those businesses very cheap, and then they raise the prices to higher than they ever were. That's one of the many benefits that they have if they want to do it. But by putting tariffs on -- as an example, in the furniture business in -- in North Carolina, it was so vibrant, and they stole our business, and they charge us.

Donald Trump: If you wanted to build a furniture place, if you want to sell your furniture in China, they won't take it. But if you want to build a plant in China to make furniture in China using their labor, they open it. We're doing the same thing. But a lot of people like, "Oh, well, we don't want to have tariffs."

Donald Trump: The country was at the richest point in its history in the 1890s. It was all tariffs. If you looked at William McKinley as an example. He was a big tariff president. They had committees that were put in charge of what to do with the money. We were taking in so much money. And McKinley would say, "Why should we let other people come in and steal our factories and steal our workers and steal our jobs and why shouldn't we benefit?" And he tariffed the other countries, and we made so much.

Donald Trump: And then they went to the income tax system later on. But they would actually have -- they had a blue ribbon committee. Our country was so rich, they didn't know what to do with the money. And this blue ribbon committee was set up to determine how can we spend all of this money, and they took it in through tariffs.

Donald Trump: But we can turn our country around, make it strong, and then guard it with tariffs.

Dave Ramsey: Yeah. Let's change gears for a second. My wife, Sharon, and I were in Scotland two weeks ago, and we played a bunch of different courses there, including Turnberry.

Donald Trump: Good.

Dave Ramsey: Which arguably, according to the golf guys I was playing with, is the nicest course in the UK right now. And certainly the halfway house, the lighthouse out there --

Donald Trump: Isn't that good?

Dave Ramsey: Turnberry is amazing.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Dave Ramsey: But what I -- what I came away with, not only is the golf course great, just -- just to give you a huge compliment.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Dave Ramsey: You know that. But the staff and the team, the excellence in the hotel --

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Dave Ramsey: In the restaurants, in the golf shop, everybody we dealt with. Talk about what it's like to work for Donald Trump. How do you hire leaders and put people in place that do that? Because I know you're obviously not there personally managing that.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Dave Ramsey: But you put a culture in place in your organization, and that applies to the administration as well, hiring people --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Dave Ramsey: That are quality leaders.

Donald Trump: Well, my son, Eric, is very much involved, and he runs a lot of it. And Don helps out a lot, and Ivanka to a lesser extent. You know, she's a great mother and everything. She did a fantastic job in the administration. All she wanted to do was get people jobs. And she'd go around and see Exxon and see Walmart.

Donald Trump: She wanted jobs for people. It's really pretty amazing. She could have had a very glamorous job, and she would have done well. But Eric's done a great job. And I did a similar type of job when I was doing it. Now, I'm doing a thing called running for president, so I don't get --

Dave Ramsey: Because you're running.

Donald Trump: But we rebuilt Turnberry. Turnberry was considered one of the greatest courses in the world because the land is so incredible, right, with the ocean and --

Dave Ramsey: Yeah, it's beautiful.

Donald Trump: You know, that ninth hole over there, you're hitting over the ocean. How good a golfer are you?

Dave Ramsey: Thirteen.

Donald Trump: All right. That's --

Dave Ramsey: Not great. I'm just -- I've only been playing five years. I'm just learning.

Donald Trump: Oh, really?

Dave Ramsey: Yeah. Enjoyed you and Bryson's 50.

Donald Trump: Wasn't that --

Dave Ramsey: That was fun. That was a great video.

Donald Trump: That one did well in terms of the ratings.

Dave Ramsey: It did. It did. And he can swing a club.

Donald Trump: And he can swing, and he's a great guy. And he is very long, very straight. And you know what? He's a great putter.

Dave Ramsey: Yeah, he is.

Donald Trump: One of the best putters. He's one of the best putters in the world. That was quite an exciting thing. We got it down to 50.

Dave Ramsey: You actually pulled one hole off. I watched it.

Donald Trump: Yeah, well --

Dave Ramsey: All road on you. You carried one --

Donald Trump: Even more than one hole, if you want to -- but we -- we -- we did well. We did well.

Dave Ramsey: Yeah, you did. It was very fun. So, what leadership qualities when Eric is hiring did you teach him to look for?

Donald Trump: Well, I -- I like the recommendation business, but what I like best is taking people that are in the company and moving them up. You take a waitress as an example, and she becomes the head of the restaurant, you say, because you know if certain people are good. And when they work for you already, you know, that's better than a recommendation.

Donald Trump: But if you don't do that or if you can't do that for some reason, you really need strong references and you need -- and then they have to enjoy their job. If they don't enjoy their job, they're not going to be very good at it.

Dave Ramsey: So, I ended up at a table, Ronnie Barrett.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Right.

Dave Ramsey: Barrett, 50 cal. He was a friend of ours, and I ended up at a table with him at an NRA convention with Eric and Donald. Got to spend some time with both of them.

Donald Trump: Right. Right.

Dave Ramsey: And you're right, they're impressive. How do you raise great kids? What did you do?

Donald Trump: So --

Dave Ramsey: The grandkids are turning out -- the granddaughters killed it.

Donald Trump: We have -- oh, how good is she?

Dave Ramsey: At the convention. Wow.

Donald Trump: She's a great -- she's a great golfer, by the way.

Dave Ramsey: Yeah.

Donald Trump: She's a --

Dave Ramsey: Great speaker, too.

Donald Trump: She was good. She was -- she's a beautiful person in every way. She took over that whole Republican convention, meaning Kai, Kai, our beautiful Kai. So, the one thing --

Dave Ramsey: What's your parenting style?

Donald Trump: The one thing I always told my kids, no drugs, no alcohol, no cigarettes. Now, in my day, there were no drugs. There was alcohol and cigarettes. And -- and I had a brother that went through a lot with alcohol, and -- and he taught me a lot. He really taught me a lot, my brother Fred. And he had a problem with alcohol, to put it mildly.

Donald Trump: And he would always say -- and he was quite a bit older than me. And he'd been through it, and he -- he would say, "No alcohol. I never want to see you drink," you know, very strong. And he'd also say no cigarettes, but -- because, you know, cigarettes are like you don't need. If you don't smoke, if you don't drink, you have no problem with staying off it.

Donald Trump: When you do drink and you -- it gets -- it's very hard to stay off it. I mean, I've seen very strong people that cannot get off. But the way you get off is if you never start. If you never start -- I never had a glass of alcohol in my life. I've never had -- I have never had a glass of alcohol if you can believe it, I think largely because of my brother.

Donald Trump: I think if I did, I'd probably -- I probably would have a problem, you know, personality type, right? But I -- I never had a glass. I have no longing for it. I have friends that are on the wagon, as they say, and I watch them watching trays go by. The tray is going by. Oh, it's like they have -- you know, it's -- it's a thing that they can't get over with.

Donald Trump: Same with smoking, it's tough. I've seen guys just grab somebody's cigarette, they -- they haven't had one in a long time. And to them, it's like the greatest sensation. If you've never smoked, you never -- you just don't have that problem. So, I tell people for their children, no drugs, no alcohol, and no cigarettes. At least --

Dave Ramsey: They obviously work really, really hard.

Donald Trump: They do.

Dave Ramsey: How do you teach them work ethic?

Donald Trump: They have to like what they do. If they don't like what they do -- they do -- my kids like what they do. And I would say genetically -- I'm a believer in genetics. You know, I like it. I'm -- I'm good at doing certain things. And, you know, racehorses, like two slow racehorses don't produce a Kentucky Derby winner, right? You know, that's not the way it is.

Donald Trump: But you have to have an ability at something. And if you don't have the ability, don't do it. But most importantly, do something you like, whether it's your parents or not. You know, your parents want you to go into a business or they want you to go into a store with them if they have a store. I would say that you have to love what you do.

Donald Trump: If you don't love what you do, it's not going to work. I've never seen it. If you don't want to get up in the morning and go to work -- now, a lot of people say, "With all the people that come after you, do you really love getting up in the morning?" You understand that, right? I'd be -- I'm attacked at left and right, but I do because we -- we make so much progress.

Donald Trump: We're doing great on the campaign, as you probably see. We're leading in the campaign now and doing well. We beat Biden, and we were up so far on him, and then they said -- that's like a fight. You're in a fight and they changed the fighter in the middle of the -- right? In the middle of the fight, they changed the fighter. And now --

Dave Ramsey: So --

Donald Trump: We're -- we're beating her very badly. I'd -- it'd be so interesting to see her in your show because I don't believe that she would be able to answer any questions on what you discuss --

Dave Ramsey: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Better than anybody else.

Dave Ramsey: Well, I'm happy to have her if she'd come.

Donald Trump: I'm sure she would be.

Dave Ramsey: We will see.

Donald Trump: I'm sure she'd love to come.

Dave Ramsey: Yeah.

Donald Trump: She wouldn't come.

Dave Ramsey: So, I hear you're going back to Butler and finish the speech.

Donald Trump: I am. I'm going to say, "As I was saying."

Dave Ramsey: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Right?

Dave Ramsey: So, when that happened and you get in the car, I know -- I saw a clip the other day that Melania was watching on television.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Dave Ramsey: She saw the -- saw the shot. I saw you dodge, saw you go down, saw you get up.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Dave Ramsey: And how fast were you able to get on the phone and talk to her?

Donald Trump: Well, I know she -- she was calling. And, you know, I was -- a little tough to take a phone call with blood pouring down your ear.

Dave Ramsey: Yeah.

Donald Trump: People don't know, the ear is the bloodiest part. If you get hit in the ear, it bleeds because -- that was a lot of blood. But no, I spoke to her -- by -- by the time I got to the hospital, I had spoken to her. And she was -- she was sort of watching it. She had it held off for a couple of minutes, and then somebody called her and said, "He's OK. He's OK. She said, "

Donald Trump: What do you mean he's OK? What does that mean?" She had no idea. And then she went back and pressed it and caught up. No, it was tough for her. Tough for my son, too. He came out. Somebody had said, "Your father just got hit." And he came in, and he was very -- very riled up.

Dave Ramsey: Yeah.

Donald Trump: That's a tough thing. That was a tough day. And I don't recommend it for anybody. I got --

Dave Ramsey: No.

Donald Trump: I got very lucky or maybe -- maybe more than luck from somebody else.

Dave Ramsey: Yeah, if you don't turn your head and start talking about the immigration chart at the precise moment, that's a problem.

Donald Trump: If I don't turn my head at the exact 90-degree angle, if I was a little off one way or the other, it's --

Dave Ramsey: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I'm not doing this very nice interview with you. I wouldn't -- I wouldn't be around to do this interview.

Dave Ramsey: So, when you were in the White House for four years -- you were talking about loving your work earlier. I have the privilege of loving my work. That's why I still work.

Donald Trump: You do.

Dave Ramsey: That's why I still do it. I don't need to, obviously --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Dave Ramsey: Anymore, just like you don't need to.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Dave Ramsey: What was the most rewarding thing in the four years that you were there for you?

Donald Trump: So, my whole thing is make America great again. All right? That's -- you know, that's why -- why I do it. And we did it. Then COVID came. We did a really good job on that. So, it was always about making it great again. I had that -- I had the country going, just prior to COVID coming in, at a level that nobody had ever seen.

Donald Trump: And even if you go all four years, it was so good that even with that terrible interruption that destroyed the world, we had the greatest four years. The economy was so great. The job numbers were the best ever, etc. And I think just that concept of what I had done --

Dave Ramsey: Just the performance.

Donald Trump: Yeah. But individual things: getting the tax cuts approved, biggest tax cuts in history, biggest regulation cuts in the history of our country, rebuilding the military. We -- we did a job in the -- I rebuilt the whole military. And then you see a lot of that military being given to Afghanistan stupidly because they left the country.

Donald Trump: I mean, you know. And now, you see them parading it back and forth. That was, I think, the most embarrassing moment in the history of our country, what they did. But there were a lot of individual achievements that we had, the creation of Space Force. You know, Space Force is now dominating space. And when I came, there was no Space Force.

Donald Trump: The first time since Air Force, 78 years, maybe 80 years by now. And we are dominating space now. And we wouldn't be. We were being -- we -- we were in third place by far. And now, we're way in first place. And that's very important. Militarily, it's very important.

Dave Ramsey: President Trump, thanks for taking the time.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Dave Ramsey: Your team told us you got a speech here in a few minutes.

Donald Trump: I do.

Dave Ramsey: We were still able to squeeze this in, and I appreciate your time. I appreciate you hanging out with us.

Donald Trump: It's a great honor. I've watched you for many years. I shouldn't say that because -- but I can say it from both of us. I've watched you for many years and a real pro. Thank you very much.

Dave Ramsey: Thank you, brother. Good to see you. Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Thanks, Dave.