Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-sean-hannity-podcast-january-23-2024

Monica Crowley: It's my great honor and privilege to welcome my friend, the 45th and 47th President of the United States, Donald J. Trump. Hi, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you, Monica, very much and you've been my friend for a long time and you're a very capable one. You know, I have friends that aren't so capable also, frankly, but they're still friends. But you are one of the really capable ones and I always appreciated your support.

Monica Crowley: Well, thank you so much, Mr. President, for those lovely words. You are my friend. I treasure you, both as my friend and as my president and as my future president. So I want to thank you so much for joining us and it's so great to have you.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Monica Crowley: As you know, Mr. President, I was with you on day one and I have been with you ever since because I knew from day one that you were exactly the kind of fighter, the kind of disrupter that we needed to put America first and to smash this entire corrupt system. And I want to ask you because we are coming up on the eighth anniversary, can you believe it, of that famous ride you took down the escalator at Trump Tower, June 16th, 2015.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Right.

Monica Crowley: Almost eight years ago to the day. As you look back and of course as you're looking ahead, what has shocked you the most about this entire journey?

Donald Trump: Well, I think the dishonesty in government, the dishonesty in law enforcement, some of it, and we have incredible people in law enforcement, but there's also tremendous dishonesty, so-called intelligence agencies where a lot of the people aren't very intelligent. But the level of -- and you see it as well as anybody.

Donald Trump: I mean you've gone through it, but the level of dishonesty, which we will weed out and we were weeding out, we were doing great on it. But the level is -- it's deep. You know, you call it some people say deep state, but in a way it's worse than the deep state and I call them fascists, actually, in many cases.

Donald Trump: And you see what they do and what they're trying to do is an example right now. And they tried it in 2016, and frankly, it didn't work in 2020 because I got almost 12 million more votes. So we did much better in 2020, but they had a whole rigged election deal and you understand that very well, but it was a terrible thing to watch.

Donald Trump: But when you look at the kind of thinking, I mean, who wants open borders, who wants no voter ID, who wants high taxes, who wants no protection for yourself with the Second Amendment? You know, so many things. They're so adverse to what this country is all about and that surprises me, frankly. You'd think they'd want -- you'd want to have a safe country.

Donald Trump: You'd think you'd want to have a law and order instead of these Democrat-run cities that are all disintegrating. They're disintegrating before your very eyes.

Monica Crowley: You know, Mr. President, I'm so happy to hear you say, and you started saying this recently, that these enemies of the country, and certainly they're your enemies, they are Marxists. We have been under a Marxist revolution for many decades now and it's at this moment in time that the country is at a tipping point because they have been chipping away at all of our institutions.

Monica Crowley: They've been chipping away at our freedom for a very long time and you come in, in 2015 and 2016 and completely upset the apple cart, right? It wasn't supposed to be you. It was supposed to be Hillary, who was going to lock it all in forever. And so they look at your four years, whereas we look at your four years as president as a huge success, booming economy, secure border and world peace.

Donald Trump: Right.

Monica Crowley: I don't know what more people expect or want from an American president. But they look at it as a major loss of time. So that's why Biden, in this historic catastrophe is moving with all deliberate speed, because they have to make up the time of this Marxist revolution that they lost under you.

Donald Trump: Yeah, I'm not 100 percent sure it's Biden. Some people would say it is, but a lot of people say it's not, it's the people that surround him, it's other people. I'm not 100 percent sure it's Biden, because Biden was a much more normal guy 15 years ago, 10 years ago, probably five years ago. So I'm not so sure.

Donald Trump: But whoever it is, it's a very bad thing for our country and our country is suffering because we're a laughing stock all over the world. Ukraine as an example, with Russia, would have never happened. That would be not even a possibility that that would have happened. All these different things that -- inflation would have never happened.

Donald Trump: That was all caused by energy. They've turned off the energy and that's going to get worse and worse. And now we're getting -- think of it, we're taking oil from Venezuela, which is terrible oil, by the way, if you want to get specific. You have to -- and we clean it here. It's tar and we clean it. It's really more tar than oil.

Donald Trump: And we have to clean it in Houston. So they're believers in the atmosphere, well, they're getting the worst stuff in the world going up into our atmosphere. And we're sitting on liquid gold. We have more than any other country. We were energy independent three years ago. We were on our way to being energy dominant.

Donald Trump: We would have supplied oil and gas all over Europe, all over the world and they ended up just shutting it down and it went up to -- we had a gallon for gasoline, $1.87 and even lower than that at some points, but $1.87 and now you're $3.50, $4.00, but it's going up and it's going to go -- they use these strategic reserves, which I practically filled up, first time in 58 years.

Donald Trump: And now they're empty. They use that to try and keep it artificially low. And that's meant for war. It's not meant for this, it's not meant for automobiles so that you can try and win an election. So they do things that are very bad. I think one of the worst, and I've heard you talk about it a lot was what happened in Afghanistan, not the fact that we withdrew.

Donald Trump: I was all set to do it. We would have done it with strength and dignity, but the way they withdrew was so horrible. The way they withdrew was I think it was the most embarrassing moment in the history of our country. We took the military out first. We lost 13 soldiers, many wounded that nobody ever talks about.

Donald Trump: We left Americans behind. We left $85 billion worth of equipment behind, which now they're selling. They're the second largest arms dealer in the world. Can you believe it?

Monica Crowley: Mm-hmm. I think it's very difficult for the American people to -- including you and me, Mr. President, to really absorb the reality that these people are deliberately taking down America. This is the deliberate destruction of our great country. If it weren't, Biden and whoever is running him would have changed course by now, and they haven't.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Monica Crowley: Whether it's on the border, the economy, Afghanistan, this is deliberate takedown of the United States. And because you were such a success, of course, they hate you for it because you expose them.

Donald Trump: Yeah. The only thing that's hard to understand is why. In other words, why would they want to have millions of people pouring into our country that nobody knows who they are, where they're from. And I tell you where a lot of them are from is prisons and mental institutions, OK? They're emptying out their prisons and their mental institutions all over the world, they're coming.

Donald Trump: Last week, we had 129 countries represented by people that came in illegally, 129 countries. They're emptying out their prisons and mental institutions from all over the world. And who would want this? There's only two reasons. They're stupid, which I don't believe they're stupid, because nobody could cheat in elections that well if they were stupid, but they're either stupid or they hate our country.

Donald Trump: And they must therefore hate our country. They must hate our country with a passion because open borders, no voter ID, the whole thing is crazy. Why wouldn't they want that? Even Democrats want -- I think it was 87 percent on a poll, that Democrats, the people, Democrat people, they want voter ID, but the politicians don't want, because if you have it have it, you can't cheat.

Donald Trump: It's harder to cheat.

Monica Crowley: Well, that's exactly right. And look, they want to change the country because they want total control. I mean, we're talking about the globalist great reset, which requires no borders. It requires erasing everybody's borders. That's what the flood is all about, as well as you know, no more Republican presidents ever again because they're flooding the zone with new voters, right?

Donald Trump: Yeah. Yes.

Monica Crowley: So this is all part of a big dark plan and you're the only one who stands in the way of what they want to achieve.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Well, that's what they're saying and I believe that might very well be true and I've been fighting it for seven years and successfully. And I don't think anybody could say -- that was a coup they were trying and I don't think anybody else would have fought that off very successfully. I got rid of Comey.

Donald Trump: That was a big thing. You know, when I got rid of Comey, when I fired him, he was not there long. He was there for a short period of time. I fired him. That was like throwing a rock into a hornet's nest. They all went crazy. Then we found the insurance policy that they talked about, like, if she doesn't win, we have an insurance policy.

Donald Trump: Well, you know what that means, and that was a big one. That was a big find between the two lovers. The whole thing is absolutely crazy, what's going on with our country right now. And you see the cities are disintegrating, you see -- and they're Democrat run in virtually every case. I think in all cases.

Donald Trump: I can't think of one where it's going down that's Republican-run. They're all Democrat-run cities and it's just -- and these are major -- this is Los Angeles, this is New York, Chicago. These were major sources of pride to our country and now they're an embarrassment. When you see in Chicago last weekend, they had 72 people shot and 12 died.

Donald Trump: Can you believe that? That's like a war zone. In Afghanistan, for the last 18 months when I was there, not one soldier was shot. That's because I had a nice talk with Abdul, the leader of the Taliban, but not one. soldier was shot. A lot of people don't know that they talk about Ð actually, Biden said that in a speech where they got angry at him, what are you saying that for, had to explain that's not a good thing to say because it's good for Trump.

Donald Trump: But we didn't lose one soldier, not one soldier was even shot at for 18 months. And yet in Chicago, they have 30, 40, 50 people shot at, and in many cases, killed, every weekend, horrible.

Monica Crowley: It is absolutely horrible and it's all being done on purpose, which makes it even more horrible. But you are America first and you are a fighter for the American people and you're an existential threat. So of course they're going to continue to try to destroy you. Let's talk about the 2024 presidential race.

Monica Crowley: You are the first one to announce in the GOP field, but now the battle is joined, right? You got Florida Governor Ron DeSantis in there. I guess, this week, your former Vice President Mike Pence, Chris Christie, whose sole job is going to try to machine gun you. You are dominating this field by 40, 50 points.

Monica Crowley: I mean, you're so far ahead of everybody. You've increased your lead since DeSantis got in. They are all running in an old Republican party. You have changed the Republican party. You have smashed the paradigm of what people expect and want in a Republican leader. And yet, all of these other GOP contenders, they're running in a party that no longer exists.

Monica Crowley: They're trying to reset the party to 2015, before you came on the scene.

Donald Trump: I think that when I see all of these people joining, Asa Hutchinson, I call him Ada, Ada Hutchinson, but Christie who was at nine percent approval rating when he left office in New Jersey as governor. And I'm surprised that Mike is doing it because, look, I had a great relationship with Mike, except we very strongly disagreed in that last period of a couple of weeks, very strongly.

Donald Trump: And I think I was 100 percent right, because what's happened, they were saying you had no choice. You could not send the votes back to the legislatures. And after the election was over, the Rhinos got together with the Democrats to make sure they never had those votes go back to the legislatures. I mean, when you think about it, I said, so you mean he did have the right.

Donald Trump: They were all saying he didn't have the right. I said, you mean he did have the right? They said, yes, sir, he did. He did. Otherwise, they wouldn't have changed the law. So if he would have sent them back, I think it would have been a very different story. But look, tremendously bad things went on. We know what those bad things are.

Donald Trump: Everyone, a lot of people don't want to talk about it. They get called conspiracy theorists and everything else in the book. And you know, who doesn't want to talk about the -- the Democrats don't want to talk about it. That's the one subject, that's where they want silence. They don't want to talk about the election because there are so many bad things when you look at truth to vote, when you look at -- even if you want to go modern day, go a couple of months ago with the FBI Twitter files and the FBI with Facebook and you look at the 51 intelligence agents that were all rigged and said to say that was Russian disinformation when they knew it wasn't. These are terrible things.

Donald Trump: Those are rigging -- that's rigging the election. One of the pollsters said that amounted to 17 points, 17 points and I can understand that. So that's like stuffing a ballot box in its own way, a little different, but really, the same meaning. So when you look at what happened, but you have all these people joining and I guess they say it's good for me if that happens.

Donald Trump: I don't think it matters, frankly, but they say it's good for me. You have people -- we had 18 last time, including myself, and now this time I guess you're going to have maybe 10. I see that the highly unpopular governor in New Hampshire. He's now unpopular. The people don't like him them up there anymore at all, Sununu.

Donald Trump: He announced he's not running. He said, I'm not running because we have to stop Trump, no, he's not running because he was polling at zero. I mean, this guy had zero in the polls.

Monica Crowley: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And you know, others, they drop out because they have low poll numbers, but all of the people -- and DeSanctis [sic], his numbers are -- I call him go up to DeSanctimonius, DeSanctis being an abbreviation. But the DeSanctis, his poll numbers have really gone down once people got to know him a little bit.

Monica Crowley: Well, you know, people don't want the standard, old, hackneyed fare from Republican establishment.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Monica Crowley: You have changed the entire model for this. You have to be America first. But like I always say, I wouldn't want to run against Donald Trump. Are you crazy? There is a difference between being an effective governor of a state and running for president. And then it's something else entirely to run for president against Donald Trump.

Monica Crowley: And they either don't get it, they don't understand it or they don't care. They think they have a chance because you are snowed under with all of these legal challenges, including, I guess the DOJ is going to come down pretty soon with yet another indictment, but you are like a superhero. Every time you're hit, you just get stronger.

Donald Trump: Well, people get it. Like, with the DOJ, they get it. That's why the poll numbers go up every time I get hit. I get hit with fake charges and what really it is, is election interference. They want to damage me so they can win an election, just like the 51 intelligence agents and everything else. But the people are getting it. The people are really smart.

Donald Trump: It's an incredible thing. And you look at my poll numbers go up. I get hit with this stuff and my poll numbers go up. It's a disgrace what they're doing. This is a well-known thing in third-world countries, but to think they do this in this country where you get out and they go after -- something that Biden -- Biden's got 1,850 boxes.

Donald Trump: He had many boxes in Chinatown in Washington, D.C., which is serious, China. I'll tell you what, this is serious stuff, especially when they say that China is paying them off. But think of it, they had boxes all over the place. They had boxes under his Corvette. They had papers strewn all over the floor in a garage that was open half the time, no Secret Service, no nothing.

Donald Trump: And what I did, I did everything right. I did nothing wrong, but they come after me with a different prosecutor than Biden had. I mean, I have a guy that's a Trump hater, he hates Trump so much, he can't breathe, and his wife hates Trump. I mean, she holds parties against Trump, and this is who I have. And they have a nice guy.

Donald Trump: I mean, frankly, he was appointed by me and he's a nice guy, respected guy, but nice guy and he's not going to do anything against Biden and he's not going to -- he didn't do anything against pence, which is good. He shouldn't have. But it's just an incredible thing. It's so bad for our country. It's so bad what's taking place, but the people get it. It's an incredible thing to think.

Donald Trump: The people really get it, Monica. You see that.

Monica Crowley: They absolutely do and this pile on is working to your advantage because we're at the point of diminishing returns. One attack on Donald Trump is one thing, but eight years of just a relentless assault on you, everybody is getting it.

Donald Trump: They spied on my campaign. It all started when I said they spied on my campaign. Everybody said, he's crazy and then it turned out to be true. And then they did the fake dossier and everyone said, oh, the dossier, the dossier. That turned out to be a fake, a total fake done by Hillary and the Democrat party and paid for.

Donald Trump: The whole thing is just crazy, what's gone on and we catch them and people have to -- there has to Be retribution.

Monica Crowley: Well, when you're reelected, Mr. President, you are absolutely going to take on this whole weaponization and corruption of government. Two final questions for you before we let you go. I think this primary is over. I think obviously you are the nominee. So looking ahead to the general election, I am not convinced that Biden is going to make it, maybe he will, maybe he won't. I'm not convinced.

Monica Crowley: But the Democrats certainly aren't going to run Kamala Harris. A lot of us are worried that the Democrats could run Michelle Obama and that she would be the most difficult opponent to run against as a woman of color with the entire Obama machine. Do you think she is going to run? And are you prepared in that case, if she does?

Donald Trump: I'm totally prepared for whoever. I'm not sure that he's going to make it to the starting gate. I just don't know. I think the fall set him back pretty bad. That was a bad fall. That was not a fall you want to be making. And you go to Russia, they say you go to China, that's all they have on television, is him falling.

Donald Trump: But I think it really set him back and I think it was a wake-up call for a lot of people, but -- so I don't know. Maybe he makes it. Maybe he doesn't. I hope he makes it. But maybe he does, maybe he doesn't. She doesn't poll well. It's very interesting. I looked at polls where she's not polling well, but I don't think she wants to run.

Donald Trump: And I've watched her and her body language is not a person -- I know when they want to run, but they say they don't because they think it's cool. But I've watched her body language. I don't think she wants to run. I really don't. I think it will be more traditional than that. But if she runs, that's fine, too.

Donald Trump: I think the Republicans are tired of what's happening. They're tired of the lies. They're tired of the witch hunts. I've had witch hunts now for seven or eight years, before I even started, because they saw that I was going to win before I even announced, that if I announced I was going to win. And I mean, they literally started these witch hunts before I even started, before I came down the escalator.

Donald Trump: And it's a disgrace. But they spied on my campaign and then it started from there and had I not fired Comey. That was a big move to fire that guy, and it was good. It was lucky we did, lucky for the country that we did because the whole country was essentially under attack. But we know the good ones and we know the bad ones and we have a lot of smart ones and good ones that we're going to be utilizing to save our country.

Monica Crowley: Well, you know, I've known -- I've been very blessed to have known a number of American presidents and I don't know a single one who could have withstood what you have withstood and what you continue to withstand. It is an absolute testament to who you are and your political strength as well as your personal character, Mr. President.

Monica Crowley: So before we let you go and go back to saving America, your new book is called Letters to Trump, and it's such a beautiful volume and so much fun, seeing so many lovely notes from people like Oprah, Alec Baldwin, Hillary Clinton, former President Richard Nixon, all these notes to you over the years. It's really quite a collection.

Monica Crowley: Tell us about it.

Donald Trump: Well, it's a book that -- you know, I used to have a very, I guess you'd say an abnormal life because I knew everybody and I got along with everybody and people that hate me right now, the day I switched. The day I became a candidate, all of a sudden it changed and it changed, its life. Look, my thing is make America great again.

Donald Trump: If people like me doing it or don't like me doing it, it doesn't matter to me. We have to make America great again and some of the rules of the game and some of the philosophies that these people have, it's destroying our country. I don't think they even know it, many of them, but destroying our country.

Donald Trump: And I used to have -- Oprah would be at Mar a Lago a lot and so many other people that'd be friends of mine and they'd be writing letters. And then some, of course, I kept as friends and have as friends today. Others are gone now. Richard Nixon had some really incredible letters and we wrote a book. I had two people that really took -- you knew I think both of them actually, Norma and Rhona.

Donald Trump: Norma Foerderer and Rhona Graff and they're two great people. And what happened is they just saved every letter. I have letters from Andrew Lloyd Webber inviting me to the opening of The Phantom of the Opera, saying, essentially, I'm opening a new musical. I'd love you to join me for the musical. It's called The Phantom of the Opera.

Donald Trump: I hope it does well, who knows. You know, that was 30 years ago, plus. And it's just really interesting stuff, political, nonpolitical. But I have thousands of letters from people, Lady Di, thousands and thousands, and we took 350, 400 letters, concepts of letters, but letters and the original letters and we put them in and the book became a number one bestseller.

Donald Trump: It's selling like crazy and so is A Journey Together. That was a number one bestseller too, and beautiful pictures. The Journey Together talks about the days in the White House and it became number one. The reason it became number one is because people long for those days, so do you, but people long for those days where we had strong borders, where we had -- everything was good.

Donald Trump: We had the greatest economy in history. We had the biggest tax cuts in history, biggest regulation cuts in history. But think of it, we were energy independent. We had the strongest borders that the country has ever had. You don't even have to say anymore. I rebuilt the military, created Space Force, right to try, so good for so many people that were in trouble and we did a great job and people are longing for that.

Monica Crowley: Not just a great job, Mr. President, but really the best president in all of our lifetimes, really extraordinary.

Donald Trump: Wow. That's so nice.

Monica Crowley: And I can tell you, having worked -- well, it's true and people know it and of course it drives your enemies crazy. And I could tell you, having worked for President Nixon during the last years of his life, he thought the world of you, and you should know that.

Donald Trump: That's very nice.

Monica Crowley: And I think I shared with you after the 2020 election. I wrote you a note in the White House and I said Nixon's greatest regret was not fighting when he was under attack by the deep state and I said fight, fight, fight, Mr. President, and of course you did.

Donald Trump: It was -- his daughters told me -- they came up to the White House, but they said his greatest regret was that he didn't fight. He went in, they walked into his office. They told him he doesn't have the votes and he immediately left the White House the following morning and his greatest regret was that he didn't fight.

Donald Trump: So it's one of those things. I understand that and got to fight, you always have to fight.

Monica Crowley: Yes, and he didn't know what was coming at him, but you do and you are the ultimate fighter.

Donald Trump: Yeah, I do.

Monica Crowley: This book is gorgeous. It's called Letters to Trump, such a clever idea and it makes a perfect gift, including for dad for Father's Day, which is next week.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Monica Crowley: So go get letters to Trump right now wherever books are sold. Mr. President, thank you so much. I really appreciate you.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you and thank you for doing such a great job in the administration, maybe most importantly. You were fantastic and I really appreciate it.

Monica Crowley: Oh, well, thank you. That means so much coming from you. I did it from my heart, as you did as well and we are all behind you, 1,000 percent. We cannot wait to vote for you again and I can't wait to serve again in your next administration, this time in the White House with you.

Donald Trump: Well, you're going to be there. Yeah, thank you, Monica.

Monica Crowley: I can't wait.

Donald Trump: You just take care of yourself, OK?

Monica Crowley: Thank you, sir. You too.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Monica Crowley: God bless.

Donald Trump: My honor. Goodbye.