Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-brian-kilmeade-fox-news-radio-october-23-2024

Brian Kilmeade: Hi, everyone. I'm Brian Kilmeade. Welcome back to the show. It's my pleasure to bring back on to the Brian Kilmeade Show, the 45th president of the United States who wants to be the 47th, President Donald Trump. Mr. President, how do you feel with just 13 days to go?

Donald Trump: Can you believe it, first of all? All this time, all these years, all this work, but I feel very good. She's taking the day off, and she's taking another day off. I don't believe it. I've gone 52 days in a row, and another 13 days left, and I'm just leaving to make a big speech in North Carolina. And just I feel very good.

Donald Trump: If you look at the early voting, which you know as well as anybody, it's looking very, very strong, I think. It's the people are voting for us at levels that no Republican has ever seen before.

Brian Kilmeade: Republicans tried to stay away from early voting. You were unsure about, especially in 2020. Florida started voting. Are you going to vote early, kind of set an example? Or do you want to set an example on voting day?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I'm very mixed on it. I mean, I'm OK with the Tuesday voting, which they like doing, Republicans like. And I'm also -- I say, the main thing I say is vote. But ideally, I guess a lot of people would like to see early voting, you know, where you stand a little bit. And I'm OK either way, Brian, really.

Donald Trump: I really am.

Brian Kilmeade: When -- when the vice president is campaigning she's, doing town halls with Liz Cheney. She's trying to get disinfected, I guess, disenfranchised Republicans. Why do you think she's doing these town halls with Liz Cheney?

Donald Trump: Liz Cheney had the biggest loss in the history of the United States Congress, losing by almost 40 point, think of it, the biggest loss. Because most people, when they're down that much, if they're in Congress, what they do is they resign before going through a humiliation like that. She is so bad. She was a war hawk like her father, a war hawk.

Donald Trump: He was the one that pushed Bush into the Middle East and spent $10 trillion. I mean, think of it, $10 trillion that we got. We got nothing but death. Everybody got death out of it. Loss and deaths. And Liz Cheney, it's very interesting because, here, you have somebody that went into the Middle East, and she's trying to get -- this is the man who wanted to get strongly, wanted to get into the Middle East and kill the Arabs.

Donald Trump: And she's trying to get Arab support. She's got Liz Cheney, of all people. And Liz Cheney was at war. That's why I never got along with her. You want to go to war with everybody. You know, big, brave Liz Cheney, let's -- let's kill a lot of people. So --

Donald Trump: Disgraceful.

Brian Kilmeade: We know that --

Donald Trump: I think it's -- I think it's a huge negative for her, by the way, for Kamala, as the expression goes.

Brian Kilmeade: Why is -- why do you think she's not campaigning at all with President Biden? And what do you think that --

Donald Trump: I think she's exhausted.

Brian Kilmeade: What message is that?

Donald Trump: Well, I think she's not campaigning at all. She's off today, and she's off tomorrow or the next day. And I've gone 52 days in a row. And we have 13 left, and I won't be taking off. I will not be taking off. But think of it, she's off today, and she's going to be off tomorrow. I mean, this is not what we want for a president.

Brian Kilmeade: Well, when you talk about stuff that you're doing, word is out that you're going to sit down with the No. 1 podcaster in the country, Joe Rogan. You've met him a couple of times. Why is this the right time to do the interview? It's going to go about three hours. That's a huge commitment with a guy with -- everything's -- everything's in play.

Donald Trump: Well, I don't know. I think we talked about doing it. And I don't know, we talked about it for a long time. And I think he's a nice guy. I've met him a couple of times at the fights. And I don't know, it's that just seems something to do. It's no real strategy there, Brian. I do it, and I do a lot of -- I do a lot of shows good, bad, or indifferent.

Donald Trump: I do a lot of shows, and they come out good. We're leading. We -- we won the Republican nomination in a record time, and it was the fastest anyone's ever won it. And we -- we're doing very well. Now, we're up in the polls against this woman who's -- you know, and I say it loudly, she's a low-IQ person. We've had a low-IQ person for the last four years.

Donald Trump: We cannot afford to have it any longer. And it's sort of it's amazing when you have 13 days left that somebody takes off and you're talking about the presidency. That's not what we want.

Brian Kilmeade: When you, by the way --

Donald Trump: And -- and as far as Rogan's concerned, you know, I enjoy -- I don't get to listen to much. I don't have a lot of time to sit down and listen. But I think it might be very interesting.

Brian Kilmeade: I think he's fantastic. I don't think it can go wrong. And the one thing we have in common, I did the first UFCs with Jim Brown when no one knew what it was.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Brian Kilmeade: And Joe Rogan helped make it, along with Dana White, one of the most successful franchises --

Donald Trump: Oh, yeah.

Brian Kilmeade: In the world.

Donald Trump: Amazing.

Brian Kilmeade: I want to talk about something in New York that you can relate to, and that's Danny Penny. This hero Marine, in my view, sees a problem on a -- on a subway car and used his training to subdue Neely. Sadly, maybe due to some drugs in his system, we don't know, he loses his life. Now, he's on trial, at stake his freedom, maybe 15 years in prison.

Brian Kilmeade: Your take on what he's going through and what would you like to see happen.

Donald Trump: Well, I guess you have to look at the also the record of the other gentlemen. We're talking about like 30 or 35 arrests or something like that. It was rough. You're going to have to hear from the people in the subway because they were very, very scared. They -- they were, from what I understand, very scared.

Donald Trump: And I'd have to look at it a little more detail. But it sounded to me like he was very aggressive in the subway. They were afraid for their lives. And I assume they have some of those people testifying. So, we'd have to take a look at that. But it's an awfully tough case, I think. Very tough.

Brian Kilmeade: It's an example of a crime in the subway. I mean, there's always been crime in the subway in New York, especially in the 70s and 80s. But it is dangerous now.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Brian Kilmeade: And as good Samaritans standing up and now he's on trial, when almost nobody else in New York, aside from you, is. The other thing that comes to mind is you're going to be at Madison Square Garden.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Brian Kilmeade: Now, October 27th, it's going to be Sunday. Already with reservations, you are sold out.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Brian Kilmeade: Is this because the -- you look at as the perfect way to culminate three campaigns?

Donald Trump: Well, I didn't think of it that way. We're really looking to win New York, if we can. We think there's a chance of winning New York. First time, since, well, a long time, many, many decades. And we think there's a real chance with what's going on with the migrants taking over the city, taking over the whole state.

Donald Trump: Frankly, if you look around, they're all over the state. And a lot of crime.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: Crime is at an all-time high. You would think we'd do very well in New York. And so, it's in New York, but it is -- it's also, you know, MSG is Madison Square Garden. If -- you know, like guys like you and I, that means a lot, those words.

Brian Kilmeade: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Madison Square Garden, right? Don't you think so?

Brian Kilmeade: And Sid Rosenberg coming up to speak first.

Donald Trump: And we'll be doing --

Brian Kilmeade: That's going to be great.

Donald Trump: Yeah, we're going to have -- we're going to have a good time. I think we're going to have a great time. And it is, in a certain way. I didn't do it for that reason. I did it because it's -- it's a very big step. And, you know, we sold it out in three hours. It was totally sold out in three hours, which is pretty amazing when you think of it for politics.

Donald Trump: I don't have a guitar. So, when you can do it -- when you can do that in three hours without a guitar --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: That's pretty good. But there's a great feeling, you know, we did great in 2016. We actually did much better in 2020, as you know, in terms of votes. And this one will be -- there's no comparison --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: Between the first two and this one. The level of enthusiasm. I think you see it to the level of enthusiasm for this is greater than anything I've ever done. Take a look at McDonald's. I went to a McDonald's. It's become this incredible story. Google said it's one of the most searched things they've ever had.

Donald Trump: It's pretty wild. So, it's all about the level of enthusiasm.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: And we've never had anything like this one.

Brian Kilmeade: I want you to hear -- you talked about illegal immigration and migrants overrunning cities, like we have 66,000 here right now.

Donald Trump: Right.

Brian Kilmeade: President Obama brought that up. He's the surrogate who is doing work while the vice president does, perhaps, other things or interviews. I want you to hear what he said.

Note: [Begin audio clip]

Barack Obama: [Audio clip] And the reason some people think -- I don't know. I remember that economy when he first came in being pretty good. Yeah, it was pretty good because it was my economy.

Note: [End audio clip]

Brian Kilmeade: So, we'll talk about the -- the illegal immigrants, what he said. But for there, on the economy, is that why your economy did good because you inherited Obama's?

Donald Trump: No, we had a whole different thing, a whole different philosophy. My economy did good because I got the tax cuts. I got the greatest tax cuts in the history of our country, and that's what really spurred our economy. We had the best job numbers of any -- of anybody. We had the best -- I had the best economy in history and in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: And if you look at it --

Brian Kilmeade: Does he deserve credit for it?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I think I get credit for it. I do. I get credit for that. I get credit for the military. I get credit for not having gotten into a war.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: You know, a lot of people thought I'd be in a war in 24 hours, and we had peace through strength. So, I did take over a mess that they left me with ISIS --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: And defeated them in rapid -- in rapid time. You know, we really did. I rebuilt the military. I built the largest --

Brian Kilmeade: So, you think Obama's correctly characterizing your success, Mr. President? Do you think that he is --

Donald Trump: But he doesn't -- he doesn't characterize anything. That's -- that's proper. I mean, what he -- what he does, he'll say anything. Anything that comes to mind as long, as it's positive for him.

Brian Kilmeade: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I mean, what he did -- what he did to Biden was pretty incredible. I watched the way he let him off the stage. And I will say what he did to Biden was, I think, it was really terrible.

Brian Kilmeade: So --

Donald Trump: I think it was terrible. They sabotaged Biden. Whether you like Biden or not, he won the nomination, and then they took it away from him.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: And there's never been a time --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: There's never been a time where that's happened.

Brian Kilmeade: So, I want to talk about what happened in foreign policy. Right now, Russia is hosting this BRICS summit. It includes China, India, Brazil, South Africa, Russia, obviously, UAE, Ethiopia, Iran. Together, they represent 20 percent of the world economy, 43 percent of the world's population. Is that a threat to the G7? And are you calling on our allies like India and UAE to drop out of it and Turkey to stay out of it?

Donald Trump: I'm not calling on anything. I think it's a threat. It's always a threat. But the reason that threat is there is because Biden and Kamala are so pathetic as leaders. They're the worst administration in the history of our country. Jimmy Carter looks brilliant by comparison. I mean, they are the worst. There's never been anything like this administration.

Donald Trump: They are incompetent. They don't know what they're doing and will end up in World War III over these people. So, I mean, I don't -- you know, I'm just blaming them because, frankly, if we had a real president -- if we had a president that knew what he was doing --

Brian Kilmeade: Yeah.

Donald Trump: and a vice president that could help -- and she's worse than him. She's worse than him. I really believe that. I think she'll be actually worse than him.

Brian Kilmeade: But you do look at BRICS as a threat, and that's something you want to address --

Donald Trump: It's a threat.

Brian Kilmeade: Because they want to get off the dollar. The de-dollarization is what Russia wants to do. Will you push --

Donald Trump: Well, I'll solve that as soon as I get in, and I will solve it very strong and very nicely, and it won't happen. There's no way we get off the dollar. We get off the dollar, that's like losing a world war. That would make us a third-world country. Be -- losing the dollar, losing the status of the dollar --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: Would be a loss almost of a world war. And it's not going to happen. If I'm president, it's not. Now, it would be nice if they could start today instead of January 20th. But you're right, that is a threat to the dollar, and it's a threat militarily. That's a big force you're talking about --

Brian Kilmeade: Before --

Donald Trump: There's no reason for this. This should have never happened.

Brian Kilmeade: I even premises. I know you believe in -- there's indications -- you're right that Ukraine would never been invaded if you had won the second term. However --

Donald Trump: Right.

Brian Kilmeade: There is a war going on, and you will inherit it if you win. And right now, that's been confirmed, fighting for Russia are North Korean soldiers and Chinese mercenaries. South Korea has indicated, "If North Korea is going to fight, we'll go." What do you do about this? And is one of the things releasing the restrictions on the weapons that we give Zelenskyy to actually hit the people before who are hitting you?

Brian Kilmeade: Because right now, they're restricted. Your thoughts.

Donald Trump: Well, you know, you mentioned at the beginning -- just the beginning of this question that, you know, I know it wouldn't have happened. It would not have happened. And that's the sad part. So many people are dead. So many people are killed. So many cities, I mean, almost most of them are just laying on their sides, broken up into smithereens.

Donald Trump: What a shame. Far more people died, Brian, as you know, you've --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: You see that. Far more people died, and it's a horrible thing, and I hate what happened. And just --

Brian Kilmeade: But that is going to be your problem, Mr. President. It's going to be --

Donald Trump: There's now at it would've happened. It's going to be our problem. And --

Brian Kilmeade: It's going to be on the resolute. Whoever the president is, it's going to be on the resolute desk --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Brian Kilmeade: Top priority. What would you do about that?

Donald Trump: I will be -- it will be a top priority. And I'll get both sides together. And I'll try and knock something -- knock some sense into them. And I think I'll be successful. But it was a lot easier before it started, that I can tell you. And think of all the lives that were just wasted.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: Just -- it's just a very --

Brian Kilmeade: It really was -- it's Vladimir-elected war, Vladimir Putin's elected war. And he basically lost his navy to a bunch of drones that Zelenskyy -- I think they've been brilliant in many ways, but now, they've got their hands full. They've got two other countries fighting against them. I wonder --

Donald Trump: And you didn't see that coming -- by the way, you didn't see that coming, Brian.

Brian Kilmeade: Yeah.

Donald Trump: You got other countries going. And you have an incompetent president, and you have an incompetent vice president. She's more incompetent than he is.

Brian Kilmeade: Right. I want you to hear what's happening. Elissa Slotkin, Democrat; Senator Casey, Democrat, are using you in their ads in a positive way. Listen.

Note: [Begin audio clip]

Unidentified: [Audio clip] Tammy Baldwin got President Trump to sign her Made in America bill.

Elissa Slotkin: [Audio clip] That's why I wrote a law signed by President Trump forcing drug companies to show their actual prices.

Unidentified: [Audio clip] Casey bucked Biden to protect fracking, and he sided with Trump to end NAFTA and put tariffs on China to stop them from cheating.

Note: [End audio clip]

Brian Kilmeade: Do they deserve credit?

Donald Trump: Well -- well, you got two others because you have in Ohio that's happening. And there's a couple of others, too. I guess it's a compliment. But I just hope it doesn't affect the race. I would imagine it's probably a couple of it. Now, they're all saying that we were with Trump when the tariffs -- or at least tariffs are finally becoming popular.

Donald Trump: I'm not sure how you feel about it. But I will tell you, tariffs are going to make us rich again, and tariffs are the way to go. It's my favorite word in the dictionary outside of love and religion, Brian.

Brian Kilmeade: Let's move to Israel. Israel has done the impossible. They've decapitated Hezbollah.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Brian Kilmeade: They've released and located their financing and told the Lebanese where to find it. They also have all but wiped out all but one battalion of Hamas, including their leadership. And now, they've all but promised and it's expected they're going to hit Iran. I know you talked to Prime Minister Bibi Netanyahu over the weekend.

Brian Kilmeade: Without giving away intelligence, I know you're concerned about the leaking or the hacking, whatever it is, what would you say to them about what we say should be hit or not hit inside Iran?

Donald Trump: It's sort of ironic the way you put that question because you say without giving away intelligence, Brian, our intelligence -- or their intelligence has been totally leaked. That was a massive leak. And somebody is a real enemy to have done that. They've leaked the entire, you know, 70, whatever it is, different plans and versions of it to -- to the world -- to the world.

Donald Trump: Think of it. How would you like to be Israel and wake up and find out that all of your various plans or to attack Iran have been leaked to the media and to the world? And this can only happen to this administration. This group of people is just so bad. And they think it comes out of the Department of Defense.

Donald Trump: But who knows, right? Who knows?

Brian Kilmeade: Do you think it's a sentiment -- there's a sentiment in this administration for Iran? And does things change when you come in if you win?

Donald Trump: We're going to get everything straightened out. We're going to get Russia and Ukraine settled up. We're going to get them settled up. We're going to work like hell. And I know you'd like to see that, and I know how you feel about it. And I fully understand how you feel about it. We're going to try and get that settled up and stop -- we got to stop the killing, the deaths, all that death and horrible, wasted death.

Donald Trump: It's so sad to watch. You know, that whole culture has been taken down because those cities are knocked down to the ground for the most part outside of a few areas. It's -- I mean, if you look at those cities, every single building -- some of them magnificent -- those magnificent golden towers and everything, they're all gone, blown to smithereens.

Donald Trump: And -- and far more people than anybody knows, right.

Brian Kilmeade: Well --

Donald Trump: You're going to find that out. But I am going to sit down with them, and I know both of them very well. And I'm going to try and get that thing done. I'm going to try and force a peace between them. And then, with Israel, that's actually, in a certain way, you might say it's more complicated, but maybe not as difficult, if you want to know the truth.

Donald Trump: It's probably a more complicated situation, but maybe not as difficult.

Brian Kilmeade: But if Iran is the problem --

Donald Trump: Again, October 7th, you know, Brian --

Brian Kilmeade: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I think you would be believing this. October 7th would have never happened. Iran was broke. They didn't have money for Hezbollah. They didn't have money for Hamas. They had no money. They had -- they were absolutely -- they would have made a deal. And I would -- I would have made a deal that's good -- I want to make a deal that's good for everybody.

Donald Trump: But we don't want Iran to have a nuclear weapon.

Brian Kilmeade: But if you look at your message in the Arab community, if you look at the Abraham Accords --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Brian Kilmeade: There's really no administration has done more. Maybe Jimmy Carter --

Donald Trump: Right.

Brian Kilmeade: When he brought Egypt to the table with Menachem Begin and Anwar El-Sadat to bring the Arab world together with Israel, then you guys.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Yup.

Brian Kilmeade: So, is that the message to Michigan?

Donald Trump: Well, I'll tell you, the message to Michigan really is that if they would have gone with the accords -- so we have the four countries in. We're going to get a lot of countries. We're going to get those countries back in there. The Abraham Accords was one of the greatest things that -- maybe one of the greatest things, maybe the greatest that the Middle East has seen.

Donald Trump: It can easily be filled out. And I think it would have been filled out. And I even think there would have been issues at that time because Iran was not in a great negotiating position.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: And although I must say, over the last four weeks, they're not as good at negotiating position as they --

Brian Kilmeade: They were.

Donald Trump: They would have been a long time before. It's amazing what's happened. Now, had Israel listened to Biden, they would be waiting for a bomb to be dropped on their head right now. Think of it.

Brian Kilmeade: So, there's a theory --

Donald Trump: If they would have listened -- yes, go ahead.

Brian Kilmeade: There's a theory that the prime minister, after meeting with Joe Biden and Kamala Harris, said that "If Trump is not to win, things are going to change dramatically, so I have to win now." Do you believe he changed his strategy after he came to the US and met with them and she did not show up for the joint session of Congress?

Donald Trump: I don't know. Yeah, I don't know. But he's been pretty much on his own. He has not been listening to Biden. Biden wanted them to stop immediately fighting. And if he did, you literally would be waiting for that bomb to drop down on Israel. That's probably what would have happened. And he's in a very strong position right now.

Donald Trump: But with all of that being said, we'll see what we can do in terms of getting peace. But he has really put himself -- Bibi's done a hell of a job of fighting, but he would not listen to Biden. He wouldn't do it. He wouldn't listen to Biden. Don't forget, when they made the original -- you know, when the United States made the deal --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: They -- he came here. He was begging Obama, and that time, Obama and Biden, but basically Obama, not to make the deal, a deal that I broke, and a deal that -- it was a great thing that I broke it. You know, if I didn't break that deal, the deal would be coming through right now. They'd be able to [Inaudible]

Brian Kilmeade: It evaporates. Yeah, it ends -- it would end in 10 years.

Donald Trump: You know, the biggest problem with that deal was very short term.

Brian Kilmeade: Yep.

Donald Trump: You know, everyone said, oh, I broke the deal. Of course, I broke the deal. The thing would be coming due right now, and they would have a clear path to do it. There was, in theory, nothing you could do about it. So, it would have -- it would have been coming due right now. It's a very short-term deal. It was a lousy deal.

Donald Trump: Whoever made that deal, which I know made it, but that was a very bad deal for the United States. It was a really bad deal for Israel. And I terminated it. We'll work on all these things, Brian, you know, when they're in flux because it's like, what are you going to do? Well, what am I going to do today is going to be what am I going to do tomorrow is going to be different, you know, because --

Brian Kilmeade: Because things --

Donald Trump: It's changing rapidly.

Brian Kilmeade: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's changing rapidly.

Brian Kilmeade: And right now, you're running -- yeah,

Donald Trump: I'd love to end Ukraine. I'd love to end the war between Russia and Ukraine. I really think that we got to get that one ended. I'd love to see that ended. I thought it was -- it's been badly handled by everybody, including Biden. I mean, Biden, when he -- what he was saying at the time, there's no reason Russia --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: Would have gone in. We would -- they would have never gone in. And I hate to say that over and over but it's just so sad.

Brian Kilmeade: Well, you know, it's been a disaster for Russia, too. They've lost 100,000 people.

Donald Trump: Absolutely.

Brian Kilmeade: They've been isolated economically and falling apart. But just to bring it back -- bring it back locally -- or actually to Israel real quick, they're going to hit targets. And it's going to be in a matter of weeks. The THAAD missile system is there. They got the Arrow, David's sling, and they have the Iron Dome.

Brian Kilmeade: Now that it's in place, and Iran is basically hit 150 -- sent 150 rockets their way and is all but in bracing for it --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Brian Kilmeade: What -- would you like to see them hit the oil fields, the nuclear fields, the military bases?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't want to say because it puts me in a very bad position in terms of negotiating. But a lot of people would say, let me put it that way, that you hit the nuclear and you hit the oil. But I don't want to be the one to say that because I don't want to get involved. And I do speak to Bibi and I speak to a lot of people.

Donald Trump: And, you know, from a negotiating standpoint, if I'm going to be involved. But what people are saying now -- Biden is saying the exact opposite, "Don't hit the oil -- and don't hit the nuclear," you know --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: He's taking the opposite approach.

Brian Kilmeade: I would --

Donald Trump: Everything -- you know, in history, Brian --

Brian Kilmeade: Yeah.

Donald Trump: If over the last 40 years you went the exact opposite of Joe Biden, every single decision, the exact -- even -- even if you look at look at the World Trade Center, "Let's not hit them," right?

Brian Kilmeade: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Let's not hit Osama bin Laden. Let's not hit them.

Brian Kilmeade: Yeah. He said, yeah, "Don't take bin Laden."

Donald Trump: If you -- if you would take the exact opposite of Biden --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: Every single time, you would have -- you would be one of the greatest foreign policy experts in history.

Brian Kilmeade: Right, and part of the reason why they seem to have just kicked him to the curb. Doug Emhoff, I'm sure you didn't have a chance to see this, or maybe you did. They're running on so many ads. He's got an ad out with Ben Stiller and Andy Cohen talking about the need to be a girl dad and stand up for abortion rights.

Brian Kilmeade: With the scandals, rumors swirling around him, should he be telling us how to be a girl dad?

Donald Trump: No, I don't think so. I think it's not good. I think that -- I think the whole group is not so good. This is not what our country needs. I hope that we're going to have the kind of results that we're seeing in early voting. You know, the early voting has been extraordinary so far, I would say, beyond our wildest expectation, if you look at North Carolina, you look at Georgia, I guess somebody -- one of the -- I think the Atlanta paper came out with about a five- -- four- or five-point spread already that we're leading.

Donald Trump: And we're doing we seem to be doing very well in early voting. But who knows? We have to get it -- you have to get it over the top. There's great enthusiasm. We've never had -- hey, look, it's my third time doing this, and we've never -- we did incredible in '16.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: We did better in terms of voting by millions of votes. The second, we've never had enthusiasm like now. And part of the reason is because they've been so bad. In other words, they've been so bad.

Brian Kilmeade: You know, you love competition, you like to break down the numbers. Out of the seven battleground states, what worries you the most?

Donald Trump: Cheating.

Brian Kilmeade: Which one, though? Which state?

Donald Trump: All of them. I mean, they cheat. All of them. I mean, the biggest risk to me -- I think we win it easily. I think I would have just campaigned at 30 percent of what I've done. You know, I haven't taken a day off in 52 days. And now, I have 13. And she's sleeping today, and she'll sleep by here tomorrow to go, too.

Donald Trump: She's going to sleep all day. She's like Biden. She likes to sleep a lot.

Brian Kilmeade: Well --

Donald Trump: You know, I haven't taken -- I haven't taken days -- I have not taken days off at all, nor should I. You know, this is the big thing. This is going to be Make America Great Again. We can't take a chance.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: Our country -- if we don't win this race, our country is in serious jeopardy.

Brian Kilmeade: One sports question. But before I do that, this quote from Barack Obama. "He wants you to believe," meaning Trump, "if you elect him, he will round up whoever he wants, ship them out, and all our problems are going to be gone. When I hear Donald Trump talk, he's very quick to say, 'Kamala, you're the vice president.

Brian Kilmeade: You had it for four years.'" He said, "Dude, you were the president for four years. Why haven't you done it?" What's your response to Obama?

Donald Trump: Well, I did do it. We had the strongest border in history. I built hundreds of miles of wall. I did do it. If you look at that famous chart, that now very famous chart, the lowest point that we've had --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: Or virtually ever --

Brian Kilmeade: So, why does he say this, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Was the last day.

Brian Kilmeade: Why is it --

Donald Trump: My what?

Brian Kilmeade: What kind of attack plan is that then, do you think? Like, do you notice when he's attacking you?

Donald Trump: I don't care what he says. Look, I mean, the guy -- I thought he was a very divisive president, not a good president. And look at -- look at the kinds of things, look at the mistakes they made --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: When he was president. He was -- frankly, compared to Biden, he was good. Compared to this group, he was good. But he was a very divisive president.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: Not a good president at all. But when they say, "Why didn't Trump do it," I did do it. I built hundreds of miles of wall. I was going to build 200 more. They were all set to be put in place. And these people didn't do it. And we had the best border --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: In history. And for him to say that is just pretty amazing. But that's --

Brian Kilmeade: So --

Donald Trump: Let him say it. Nobody -- here's the good news about Obama, nobody listens to him.

Brian Kilmeade: So, when you -- when I used to cover sports, they used to say, "Yeah, Donald Trump's up there with George Steinbrenner, as usual."

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Brian Kilmeade: That you guys used to go when the Yankee heyday had good and bad days. You sit there and watch George Steinbrenner erupt or cheer. Very consequential guy.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Brian Kilmeade: Now, your mutual friend, Randy Levine, is -- Randy Levine --

Donald Trump: Right.

Brian Kilmeade: Is running things. I try to get some inside information about the World Series. First one in New York since 2009 --

Donald Trump: Right.

Brian Kilmeade: First time they met since 1981. Donald Trump, your prediction on the World Series seen on Fox, game one. Game two will be out in Los Angeles. Your thoughts about how long it goes and who's going to win.

Donald Trump: Well, I'm going to say the Yankees. You know, Randy is a great friend of mine, George and the family -- his family is, you know, made of a lot of terrific people. And so, I have to go with the Yankees, of course. But we'll see what happens. The Dodgers have a great team. You know, they have a great team.

Donald Trump: But the Yankees are hot with their bats. I would say they have maybe a little bit of an advantage. What are the odds on it, by the way? Who's favored to win? Similar?

Brian Kilmeade: That's a great -- that's a great question. I'm not a big betting guy. I would think the Dodgers might be the favorite with the better record overall. But the Yankees really coasted through the playoffs --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Brian Kilmeade: And Judge is beginning to hit. Dodgers are favored minus one-third. All right. We're not -- we're not betting people, are we? You don't bet, do you?

Donald Trump: No, we don't want to bet. But I'll say the Yankees will win. Well, you and I will talk about it after.

Brian Kilmeade: Will you go to a game?

Donald Trump: Hopefully -- hopefully, they'll have a good -- I'd like to go. You know, the problem is, because of the security stuff --

Brian Kilmeade: Security.

Donald Trump: I don't want to make it uncomfortable for everyone else. Yeah. I really don't.

Brian Kilmeade: All right. Mr. President.

Donald Trump: I'd love to.

Brian Kilmeade: Well, we are -- our audience really appreciates the time, especially you're in Omaha. You're being heard in Omaha now. And there's the electoral votes just waiting there, so -- over in Nebraska, and we're --

Donald Trump: Well, Omaha. I love Omaha, and I really hope you're going to give me that vote because I would go out there right now. And whether it's going to be that important or not, it may be under a, you know, limited -- under a limited circumstance. It could be a very important vote. But I do great in Nebraska. I'd love to get that Omaha vote.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: You know, it's a little bit segmented from the rest. They should have --

Brian Kilmeade: I understand. And we'll --

Donald Trump: They should've done -- they had a rogue -- they had a little bit of a rogue senator out there decided that he wanted to get a little free publicity so, he didn't get that done. But that's OK. I would love to get that -- I would love to get that vote. And to the people of Omaha, please be nice to me. Thank you.

Brian Kilmeade: Yes. And you could vote early and set an example if you wanted to in Florida. That would be an interesting decision.

Donald Trump: Well, you know, it's interesting. I really feel -- I'm very mixed. You know, I have the old standard of the Tuesday vote and all. A lot of people like to vote. And I really miss -- you know, the main thing to me is you've got to vote, you got to vote. Voting early, I guess, would be good. But you know, people.

Donald Trump: I'll have different feelings about it. But the main thing is you got to get out. You got to vote. And I'll be voting early, I'll be voting early.

Brian Kilmeade: That's interesting. Great. And we'll see if Elon Musk is doing that, too. He's making sure everyone votes.

Donald Trump: Isn't he great? Isn't he the greatest? He's, right now, campaigning in Pennsylvania while she's sleeping. She's sleeping, and Elon is campaigning. Elon just busier than her, too, believe me.

Brian Kilmeade: He's half Henry Ford, half Edison, and half Benjamin Franklin, whatever. He's --

Donald Trump: Isn't he unbelievable? He's unbelievable.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: Even the Starlink. He got it for North -- think of it. He got it for North Carolina, Starlink, when they had no communications. People were dying over no communication.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: And he got it to them right away at my request. He's amazing, that guy. So --

Brian Kilmeade: Well --

Donald Trump: It's nice to have him on my side, Brian. Do you agree?

Brian Kilmeade: I agree. He's got good cars and good spacecraft, and he doesn't waste anything.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible]

Brian Kilmeade: They land intact. Right.

Donald Trump: Yeah. They land. I've never seen anything like it.

Brian Kilmeade: All right.

Donald Trump: It's really something.

Brian Kilmeade: All right.

Donald Trump: Great. Thanks a lot, Brian.

Brian Kilmeade: Best of luck Sunday, and best of luck in North Carolina. Those people need a lot of help.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Brian Kilmeade: Mr. President, thanks so much for your time. Best of luck.

Donald Trump: Thanks, Brian.

Brian Kilmeade: Yeah.

Donald Trump: You're doing a great job. Thank you very much. Bye.

Brian Kilmeade: You got it. All right. You're listening to the Brian Kilmeade Show.