Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-patrick-bet-david-pbd-podcast-october-16-2024

Patrick Bet-David: Mr. President, it's great to have you.

Donald Trump: That was a nice introduction. That was --

Patrick Bet-David: Yes.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. I appreciate it.

Patrick Bet-David: You are one of one.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Let's end this show right now.

Patrick Bet-David: OK. So, I want to get right into it. I got a lot of questions I want to ask you. Some of it's personal, some of it's business, some of it's politics.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Patrick Bet-David: But something happened last week. Barack Obama, he is at this event, he's speaking.

Donald Trump: Right.

Patrick Bet-David: And he's given this message about your economy, how great the economy was. And then at the end of it, he says, you know, you didn't build that economy. I built this. I kind of want to get your reaction on this --

Donald Trump: OK.

Patrick Bet-David: Talk that he's given. Rob, if you can put that up?

Note: [Begin video clip]

Barack Obama: [Video clip] And the reason some people think, well, I don't know, I remember that economy when he first came in being pretty good. Yeah, it was pretty good because it was my economy. We had 75 straight months of job growth that I handed over to him. It wasn't something he did. I spent eight years cleaning up the mess that the Republicans had left me the last time.

Barack Obama: [Video clip] So, just in case everybody has a hazy memory, that -- that one, he didn't -- he didn't do nothing, except those big tax cuts.

Note: [End video clip]

Patrick Bet-David: So, how do you feel about this when you -- when you see him saying this last week?

Donald Trump: I think he's angry. He pretends not to be, but I think he's an angry guy. He's a nasty guy. He's got a little bit of an edge. And, you know, he's -- he's angry about a lot of things. You look at what happened with Biden and you look at what he did with Biden, he really hurt Biden because -- I'm not sure he wouldn't have imploded, anyway.

Donald Trump: We had the debate and he was down quite a bit and they walked out and they just took it away from him. I mean, if you think about it, they stole the election from a sitting president. That's -- you know, I -- I always say coup. But the word coup, I don't think it's accurate enough. They just walked in and took it away from him.

Donald Trump: That -- that is a legendary thing. He didn't want to give up. He's angry now. They're all angry, the Democrats, if you think. She's angry. They're -- they're both angry. But no, I watched that last week, and I think he spoke down to Black men. I thought it was terrible, the way he spoke to them. But --

Patrick Bet-David: Do you think it's effective? You think he still carries the same stick as he did, you know, maybe eight years ago or 12 years ago?

Donald Trump: No, I don't think it is. No, I don't think he does. I think people have gotten smart. And no, I don't believe he does it all. He's -- I hadn't seen him. He's changed a lot. Visually, he's changed. I'd like to say visually as opposed to from the look standpoint because, of course, looks don't matter anymore in politics, you know.

Donald Trump: We say, "Looks don't matter. Doesn't make any different," because we want to be politically correct, but they do matter. But he's -- he's changed. His look has changed actually quite a bit. I haven't seen him in a long time.

Patrick Bet-David: And by the way, Rob, I think that's even four years ago. I think it's even more than it is today.

Donald Trump: Yeah, yeah. Well, no, but the -- the statement he just made was a couple of days ago and that's --

Patrick Bet-David: Yeah, it was a couple of days ago.

Donald Trump: He looks --

Patrick Bet-David: And -- and it's similar to the statement he made back in 2012 when he told business owners you didn't build that. Remember when he said that?

Donald Trump: Yeah. Yeah.

Patrick Bet-David: I don't know if you remember that whole comment.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Patrick Bet-David: I think this is the speech. Rob, if you want to play this. [Begin videotape]

Barack Obama: If you got a business, that -- you didn't build that. [Audience member calls out "Right"] Somebody else made that happen. [Audience responds affirmatively] [End videotape]

Patrick Bet-David: So, this becomes a pattern, a pattern of --

Donald Trump: Communism.

Patrick Bet-David: You see a pattern of communism there?

Donald Trump: Well, no. I mean, that's basically the view. You know, we didn't do anything.

Patrick Bet-David: Right.

Donald Trump: Government did it. Somebody did it, but anybody but us.

Patrick Bet-David: Do you think this works with the undecided voter? Do you think the undecided voter that's sitting -- our audience, they're entrepreneurs, they're small business owners, they're family, they have kids, they want to win, they got dreams, they want to do something. Do you think a message like that from him lands on the business owner, on the undecided voter, on the person that says, "You know what, I think he's right. I'm going to go vote for him." Do you think it works?

Donald Trump: I -- I think you don't have that many undecided voters. I think, by now, you have very strong Trump voters. I don't think you have strong -- you have strong Democrat voters, but I don't think you have strong Kamala voters. What's to vote for? I mean, take a look. She can't do an interview. She hasn't -- has she been in here to do an interview?

Patrick Bet-David: No, not yet. No.

Donald Trump: I don't think you'll see her. You know, I have a --

Patrick Bet-David: She's claiming she's going to go on Rogan.

Donald Trump: Well, that'll be interesting. So am I.

Patrick Bet-David: I heard.

Donald Trump: But -- I think I am. I don't know. I think -- I think so. But it'll be interesting -- it'll be interesting to see what happens today with Bret Baier. You know, Bret is two people. He can be very nice or he can be himself.

Patrick Bet-David: He was tough on you. If he's tough on her the way he was tough on you.

Donald Trump: Oh, he was always --

Patrick Bet-David: He was very tough on you.

Donald Trump: He was always -- no, he was always nasty to me, and --

Patrick Bet-David: Right.

Donald Trump: I don't think he'll be tough on her. I don't think he'll be. Fox is a very disappointing thing. During the day, Fox is just terrible, terrible. And -- but --

Patrick Bet-David: I want to show something with this. When -- when you look at this whole Barack Obama thing, I think the one thing they don't show -- you were talking yesterday. I think it was the Bloomberg event, which, by the way, I loved. I loved the way you handled the whole terrorist conversation.

Donald Trump: Well, that was good. I -- I --

Patrick Bet-David: That was a great event.

Donald Trump: I got sort of -- I got hoodwinked to -- to go on that. You know, I was supposed to make a speech in front of the Chicago Economic Club, which is a big deal, you know, which is a very prestigious place, beautiful. Everything was beautiful. And all of a sudden, I understand, I'm being interviewed by this gentleman, and he's got a reputation for -- for being about -- oh, I'd love to see him do Kamala, which -- he should do Kamala.

Donald Trump: That would be beautiful. But he's a tough cookie, and he -- he's the chairman of Bloomberg. He's a big guy. So, all of a sudden, I'm being interviewed, and I wasn't happy about it because I found out that he is -- you know, his reputation precedes him. And -- but I decided to do it. You -- you know, you have a choice, walk out and don't do it and have a scandal or go in and do it and hopefully win or you go in and do it and you get killed, which is probably the worst.

Donald Trump: But it was a great -- it was a great interview, actually. And he was nasty, but he wasn't overly nasty, to me. I mean, other people thought he was. I thought nasty was David Muir when he kept interrupting me during the debate and saying false things like when I said crime is way up and he said, "No, no crime is down."

Donald Trump: I said, "You're wrong about that. Crime is up." And then two days later, it came out that crime is up.

Patrick Bet-David: It's right.

Donald Trump: I mean, to me, that was much nastier than this gentleman. But -- but it was -- it was really a study of business. It was a detailed study of business.

Patrick Bet-David: You're talking about with the Bloomberg one?

Donald Trump: With the Bloomberg.

Patrick Bet-David: Right.

Donald Trump: And people loved it.

Patrick Bet-David: I agree, the tariff one. And the one thing I wanted to show is the following. So, you know how you talked about Jerome Powell, what an easy job. You come once a month and he said we're going to increase the rates. I think --

Donald Trump: Greatest job there is.

Patrick Bet-David: I think this is the one thing they don't talk about. So, Barack Obama got elected November 4th, OK? Quantitative easing started November 26th.

Donald Trump: Right.

Patrick Bet-David: And it stayed for eight years until you got elected.

Donald Trump: Right.

Patrick Bet-David: So, if you look at that low -- pretty much 0 percent interest rate --

Donald Trump: Right.

Patrick Bet-David: And then you get elected right there. If you go to January 2016, Rob, for the audience to see that. And then from there, one by one by one, rates are going up, going up, going up, going up, going up. And then Biden comes in, goes back down to zero to try to save the economy, and then, you know, the rest is obviously history.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Right.

Patrick Bet-David: But do you think the average person knows? Like, the impact of going to 0 percent, how -- how much does that positively help the impact --

Donald Trump: Oh, it's --

Patrick Bet-David: When Fed lowers the rates to half a point?

Donald Trump: Yeah, it has a huge impact. The -- the power of the Fed is, I think, pretty strong. Some people disagree with it. They think it's -- you know, it's overridden by the interest rate climate. But I think the power of the Fed is very strong. It's an interesting graph, actually.

Patrick Bet-David: Yeah, this just shows that the rates didn't help you, you know, when he says it was --

Donald Trump: Well, they didn't use them to help me.

Patrick Bet-David: Right.

Donald Trump: And Powell, I gave him a hard time because he was raising them. And I was never a big fan of his. He was late and he was early. He was too early and too late, you know. But -- but I had the greatest economy in history. We had the greatest economy in the history of our country despite that. You know, this is another thing I can say.

Donald Trump: Despite the fact that they weren't very high, but they were, you know, reasonably high, and despite the rates not being at zero, I had a pretty good -- I had a great -- we had a great run.

Patrick Bet-David: Following up on the Barack Obama question, when I think about the 2024 election, I saw some numbers that came out which I thought was fascinating.

Donald Trump: Right.

Patrick Bet-David: Rob, if you can pull this up from CNN? So, this is CNN reporting on this just two days ago, OK? Barack Obama, when it comes to Black men ages 18 to 44, he was up 81 points in November of 2012. Clinton, Hillary was up 63 when she went against you.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Patrick Bet-David: Biden was up 53. Kamala, who is apparently Black, she's up 41. And --

Donald Trump: What do you mean by apparently?

Patrick Bet-David: I mean, that's what they're telling us. We're supposed to believe she's Black.

Donald Trump: No, it's --

Patrick Bet-David: And, you know, I'm -- I'm --

Donald Trump: It's much better that -- no, no. See, I would never say a thing like that. But you're saying -- don't -- explain what you mean. No, I don't want to put you in trouble. No, no.

Patrick Bet-David: Yeah. Well, I mean -- no. But you --

Donald Trump: I was -- I was going to -- I was going to throw it onto your shoulders apparently. Well, no, you know, you -- you could explain it because I understand [Inaudible]

Patrick Bet-David: I'm very comfortable explaining it.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Patrick Bet-David: Because overnight, you know, she's doing a show, she's supposed to be Indian. And then all of a sudden, now, it's Black. But it's not landing with the average American. So, if you look at --

Donald Trump: And do you think Black men, that's why she's not doing well?

Patrick Bet-David: Well --

Donald Trump: Some people say that.

Patrick Bet-David: In 2016, you had 13 percent --

Donald Trump: Right.

Patrick Bet-David: Of male Black voters 18 to 44.

Donald Trump: Right. Right.

Patrick Bet-David: In 2020, you had 18 percent. In 2024, you're at 26 percent. It's doubled in eight years.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Patrick Bet-David: The question I'm asking you is the following. Back in 1960 --

Donald Trump: Right.

Patrick Bet-David: Sixty-four percent of African Americans would vote Democrat.

Donald Trump: Right.

Patrick Bet-David: The other was pretty much conservative. African Americans have historically been very conservative.

Donald Trump: OK.

Patrick Bet-David: Barry Goldwater, the issue happens, 1964.

Donald Trump: Right.

Patrick Bet-David: It goes from 64 percent --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Patrick Bet-David: Democrat to 92 percent. And it's been between 85 to 92 percent since 1964, right? You've come in, and you've shaken things up. Do you think 2024 is going to be one of those moments where African American men, they're like, "Listen, I'm sick and tired of Democrats feeling like they own me. I think I'm going to go to the other side."

Patrick Bet-David: Do you think -- do you think 2024 could be one of those years that we look back and say they lost the African American vote?

Donald Trump: They really lost it for a while, the Republicans. I mean, it went -- and -- and it started, I guess, with Barry Goldwater if you look at the charts. But I did criminal justice reform. That's a big thing. They've been trying to get it. You know, I saw a guy named Van Jones. He's not -- I don't think anybody knows who he is.

Donald Trump: He's a commentator for CNN. And he came to see me in the White House, and he was crying.

Patrick Bet-David: I remember that.

Donald Trump: He was crying because he -- I just -- I have -- I bring these things up because it's a lack of -- I don't know, there's something about loyalty. You have somebody with something. He came in with a fairly large group of people, mostly Black people, and he was devastated because criminal justice reform wasn't going to happen.

Donald Trump: Obama didn't do it, and it didn't even come close. Bush didn't try. Nobody -- nobody was going to do it. And I'm the only one that could have done it. And he was with a group of people that was -- they were begging to do it. They were five votes short, and they were -- had to be conservative votes because there was nobody else left, right? And I guess you needed the 61 or 60-something, maybe 66, but 61 is a hard vote.

Donald Trump: And he made a plea to me, Van Jones, a total sleazebag. He made a plea to me to help him and help this group of people, and they explained how, for years, they've been trying to get it and they've been unable to get it. And I said, "Well, let's take a look at it." And I studied it for a little while and spoke to them, and I say, "You know what, I'm going to help you. It's going to help the Black people, in particular. And I'm going to get it for you, guys."

Donald Trump: And I called up five very conservative senators. And I'll never forget, one of the senators who was in charge of it, he was literally leading the charge against it. And I mean his whole career was this. He was going to stop criminal justice reform, not because he was, you know, anti-Black, just he didn't like it.

Donald Trump: He didn't want it. And he was in the papers every day. He's fighting and fighting and winning very easily. And I helped him get elected. Without me, he wouldn't have gotten elected. I'll never forget it. I called him up. Now, he's in the heat of passion. He is fighting this all the way. Not something he would ever give up.

Donald Trump: You couldn't -- you know, there's some things you can't. I call him up. He gets on the phone. I didn't say a word. I said hello. And he goes, " I'm giving it to you." I said, "What are you giving me?" "I'm giving you criminal justice reform. That's why you're calling, right?" I said, "It is why I'm calling."

Donald Trump: He said, "You got me elected, I disagree with you, but I'm giving it to you." Just like that. I said, "That's one of the coolest things I've ever heard," because I also have the opposite where I got a lot of people elected -- you know, when I endorsed somebody, in history -- and I don't want to brag -- but in history -- you can get another chart on that one -- I mean, I'm like 289 and -- and almost nothing for endorsements.

Donald Trump: And he said, "You got me elected. I wouldn't even be here if it wasn't for you." And I did. But I got a lot of people elected, and some of them forget. And I said, "That's the coolest thing." I said thank you. I said, "Do you mind if I call a couple of --" "Nope. You do whatever you want." Now, this is a guy who was the leader of the fight.

Donald Trump: I didn't even ask. He knew what I was calling for because he knew that I was going to help Van Jones, this Van Jones guy. I was going to help him. And you'll understand why I'm being nasty to him now because what happened later is disgraceful. So, I said, "Thank you very much, Senator. I'm so happy that I did help you. I think -- I think loyalty is a great thing."

Donald Trump: And that was the end. So, I had his vote. I then called four other guys, all of whom were against it. And I said, I'd love to have -- and they -- you know, they don't do it for a lot of presidents, but they do it for me. And I got him five votes that they needed, and criminal justice reform passed, right? Then -- and I was happy for them.

Donald Trump: I was happy for everybody. Everybody was happy. They couldn't believe they got it done. And it was something that really the Black population wanted far more than anybody else. I've never even heard it mentioned with other people. It was mostly the Black population. And they've been fighting it for like, what, you'd say 40, 50 years, right?

Patrick Bet-David: Sixty-four.

Donald Trump: So, we got it done.

Patrick Bet-David: Yeah, 40, 50 years. Yeah.

Donald Trump: Yeah. So, I got it done. I got something done. I got a lot of things done that nobody else could have gotten done. So, what happens is Van Jones and all, they have -- they call for a news conference that night. The vote was taken. They got it done. And I said to my wife, "Come on over here. This is beautiful. It's a beautiful thing to watch. Watch this. This gentleman was in my office a number of weeks ago and he needed votes and I got it done. It'll be nice to watch somebody really say something nice about your husband."

Donald Trump: I said that to Melania. And I said, "Watch this." And they got up and they spoke. But Van Jones got up. And it was a little -- I get -- I don't get too embarrassed, you know. He got up and he thanked this one, he thanked that one. He thanked this one, this one, that one, that one. The only one he didn't thank was Donald Trump.

Donald Trump: And I look at that sleazebag now and I say he's got bad way, bad way. I -- I looked at him. Then I saw him last night, and he was on CNN, which is dying, by the way, in the ratings because they have people like him on. And I watched him last night say how he hopes I'll be defeated and "We should defeat him. We have to fight him. He shouldn't be allowed to be --"

Donald Trump: And I said, you know, normally, I'd say, I wish I had that vote back, but I did the right thing. But --

Patrick Bet-David: Why do I think he praised you? Why do I think he got emotional crying?

Donald Trump: No.

Patrick Bet-David: Giving you credit about --

Donald Trump: Well --

Patrick Bet-David: What he -- what you did.

Donald Trump: I don't know. I don't know. All I can tell you is he was crying in my office. That's probably what you heard. Before he got it, he was crying. He was literally -- they went over to him with handkerchiefs. He was crying. Tears were pouring down his eyes before. But after, he wasn't crying, not that I know.

Donald Trump: But -- so he didn't mention me the night of the news conference. He was leading the news conference. And I don't need it. I get mentioned plenty of times, etc., etc. But I watched last night -- it's a good place to say this, actually. It's better than writing out a truth, whatever. But I watched last night and I watched him talk about how I must be defeated. You know, I'm a bad guy or something. And --

Patrick Bet-David: Van Jones is saying this?

Donald Trump: Yeah, yeah. He said it last night. I saw him last night. I -- I don't watch CNN. Honestly, I don't watch it, but I happen to be. You know, I'm passing it and I see him on and I watched him talking about essentially negative about me. You know, what difference does it make? Nobody cares what they do. They have -- they've been fighting me for years.

Donald Trump: And, you know, I became president. I did much better the second time than I did the first. And now, I'm doing it the third time. And if the election is not rigged, we're going to win. If it is rigged, I guess that's a different story, but we'll find out pretty soon. But -- but I watched this guy last night against me, even if he was a little against me, but he wasn't.

Donald Trump: He was like, you know, "We have to defeat Trump. We have to defeat him." And I've watched him a little bit over the years. And every time I watch him, I say, "What a -- what a sleazebag he is, you know. What a bad guy." But I did it for Black people. I did it for -- it was -- it was purely -- the only people that told me about criminal justice reform were African Americans.

Donald Trump: That's all. And I did it for them. I also did historically Black colleges and universities, and I got them financing. I would see the heads of colleges come down. After two years, they would come to Washington like 45, 50 people, a group. They'd always come in a big group. And I got to know them a little bit because they had to come through my office to get funding.

Donald Trump: And after the second time, I said to him, "Why do you keep coming down here for funding? Don't they give you --" He said, "No, they make -- they make us feel like beggars." That was the term. And a couple of them I got really friends. Some of them, I still see a little bit. And I said, "What does that mean?" He said, "Every year, we come down for funding for the Black colleges and universities."

Donald Trump: And -- and they play a great role, a very important role, in my opinion. So, I said, "So, you mean every year, you come down? "We do. We get our -- we come down together and we go and see senators and congressmen and we try seeing a president." But I got to know him. And I said, "You know, this is no way to live, where you come down." And I ended up getting them more money than they even wanted, and I got it done and I got it long term. And I said, "

Donald Trump: Fellas, I just got this done for you, and I want to tell you a little secret, I'm unhappy about it." They said, "Why?" I said, "Because I'll probably never see you again. You'll never come down to Washington to see me." And -- and I meant it actually in a friendly way because I got used to seeing them. They were always coming down looking for money. I took care of their needs long term, more money than they wanted. I said, "

Donald Trump: You're going to need more money than that," and I got it for him. And I think that's why Black men really like me, and I think Black women do, too. But they have a woman who is Black, although you would say she's Indian, but she is Black, but she really -- a lot of people didn't know, which is true, but --

Patrick Bet-David: I learned about it just a couple of months ago, you know, the fact that she's Black.

Donald Trump: That she's Black?

Patrick Bet-David: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Or that she's Indian?

Patrick Bet-David: The fact that she's Black. I thought she was Indian until a couple of months ago.

Donald Trump: Yeah, I know.

Patrick Bet-David: Things changed. I mean --

Donald Trump: No, a lot of people. Well --

Patrick Bet-David: Because if you follow baseball --

Donald Trump: Right.

Patrick Bet-David: Sammy Sosa kind of -- you know, you --

Donald Trump: Right.

Patrick Bet-David: You sometimes have to respect people. They change --

Donald Trump: Sammy.

Patrick Bet-David: Right?

Donald Trump: Sammy.

Patrick Bet-David: So, I thought maybe she was doing a Sammy Sosa the other way around.

Donald Trump: Yeah, Sammy has changed.

Patrick Bet-David: Right.

Donald Trump: And people change.

Patrick Bet-David: If you remember Sammy Sosa.

Donald Trump: Yeah, I do. Oh, he could hit the ball, right?

Patrick Bet-David: He could hit the ball. Sixty-six home runs.

Donald Trump: Seriously, he was --

Patrick Bet-David: But I want to show you this. And by the way, the only reason I'm going to show you this is because I think Van Jones is scared of giving you credit. This is what Van Jones said after what you did, and it was the most uncomfortable moment on CNN because he had to thank you. If -- if you can play this clip, Rob.

Patrick Bet-David: I think this is the clip. Go for it. [Begin videotape]

Question: Significant do you think this is? By the way, one of your partners in working on this was -- [End videotape]

Patrick Bet-David: This is when, Rob?

Note: [Begin video clip]

Van Jones: [Video clip] Jared Kushner. It -- it was --

Note: [End video clip]

Patrick Bet-David: This is how many years ago? This is --

Question: The date on this is five years ago, December 18, 2018.

Donald Trump: That's --

Patrick Bet-David: OK, Play the same --

Donald Trump: So, you just got that. That's pretty cool.

Patrick Bet-David: Yeah, so this is six years ago. If you can play this clip. [Begin videotape]

Van Jones: Father went to prison, and he fought on this as hard as -- this is history. This is history. Right now, you're witnessing history on the floor of the US Senate for -- it is a Christmas miracle underway where, for the first time in a generation, Republicans and Democrats are arm in arm tonight saying we are sending too many people to prison.

Van Jones: They're coming out bitter and not better. We want to make a tremendous difference. I want to say Hakeem Jeffries on the left, Jared Kushner and Donald Trump on the right have brought together a coalition like I've never seen. [End videotape]

Patrick Bet-David: He gave you credit. [Begin videotape]

Van Jones: We got literally the National Association of Manufacturers, Fox News -- [End videotape]

Donald Trump: I never saw that. [Begin videotape]

Van Jones: And Sean Hannity on the same page. [End videotape]

Patrick Bet-David: I'm glad you were seeing it because, to me -- you see when I think about him, obviously you know it's history. He was close to Obama, communist, all that stuff he had to kind of drop. But at the same time, they don't want him saying something like this.

Donald Trump: No. Well, he didn't it say after -- yeah.

Patrick Bet-David: I want to give Hakeem Jeffries, Jared, and you to give that credit. This is the part where even Dems are sitting there saying how the hell do we argue against the fact that a Republican president that we're not supposed to like did this? Cut him off. Just give him 30 seconds, 40 seconds. Let's go to the next topic to bash him again.

Patrick Bet-David: But it was kind of great to see Van Jones saying this about you.

Donald Trump: It was. But again, right after that, he -- it was over.

Patrick Bet-David: He has to go back.

Donald Trump: So, he went back.

Patrick Bet-David: He has to go back to saying things about you.

Donald Trump: And a real -- a real man would not have done that. And -- and I'm glad I saw that. But it really doesn't mean anything because he said it and then after that he -- he took it back.

Patrick Bet-David: I want to show you something, and this kind of goes maybe to the next point. So, yesterday, a new Gallup poll came out. OK. If you look at this Gallup poll, this is literally from yesterday, Americans' trust in mass media from '72 to 2024. It officially hit the lowest in the history. We're talking ever.

Patrick Bet-David: Not -- not one of the lowest. This is the lowest ever in the history of America. Americans don't trust mass media anymore. And even recently, I don't know if you saw the numbers that came out two weeks ago. I'm sure you follow some of this stuff. Every one of the guys at CNN, MSNBC, they're all getting a lower salary when they're renewing their contract.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Patrick Bet-David: They're not getting paid the kind of money --

Donald Trump: They deserve that.

Patrick Bet-David: They were making.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Patrick Bet-David: And -- and by the way, you may not like me saying this to you, but I think I -- I kind of want to see your reaction to this. I know a lot of people will say, "Well, you know, he has, you know, X, Y, Z amount of felonies charged, 91, 53 were dismissed, 32 is this, and 12 are the ones that are remaining."

Patrick Bet-David: I think the only one that Letitia James, Jack Smith, and maybe even Fani, if they wanted to, you know, claim that you -- you did commit a crime is you kind of -- you kind of did kill mainstream media if you think about it.

Donald Trump: I did.

Patrick Bet-David: And that's -- that's -- that could be a crime for those guys.

Donald Trump: No, I'm very proud of it.

Patrick Bet-David: And I want to show you this clip because this is the first time ever the phrase fake news was ever used. And from this moment on is when the decline started. Rob, if you can go in and play this clip.

Note: [Begin video clip]

Jim Acosta: [Video clip] And since you're attacking us, can you give us a question? Since you're --

Donald Trump: [Video clip] Go ahead.

Jim Acosta: [Video clip] No, Mr. President-elect -- Mr. President-elect --

Donald Trump: [Video clip] Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead.

Jim Acosta: [Video clip] Mr. President-elect, since you are attacking our news organization --

Donald Trump: [Video clip] No, not you. Not you.

Jim Acosta: [Video clip] Can you give us a chance?

Donald Trump: [Video clip] Your organization is terrible.

Jim Acosta: [Video clip] You're -- you're attacking our news organization.

Donald Trump: [Video clip] Your organization is terrible.

Jim Acosta: [Video clip] Can you give us a chance to ask a question, sir?

Donald Trump: [Video clip] Go ahead.

Jim Acosta: [Video clip] Sir, can you state --

Donald Trump: [Video clip] Quiet.

Jim Acosta: [Video clip] Can you --

Donald Trump: [Video clip] Quiet.

Jim Acosta: [Video clip] Mr. President-elect --

Donald Trump: [Video clip] Go ahead.

Jim Acosta: [Video clip] Can you say categorically --

Donald Trump: [Video clip] She's asking a question. Don't be rude.

Jim Acosta: [Video clip] Mr. President-elect, can you give us a question?

Donald Trump: [Video clip] Don't be rude.

Jim Acosta: [Video clip] You're attacking us. Can you give us a question?

Donald Trump: [Video clip] Don't be rude.

Jim Acosta: [Video clip] Can you give us a question?

Donald Trump: [Video clip] We're not going to give you a -- I'm not going to give you a question.

Jim Acosta: [Video clip] Can you -- can you state categorically --

Donald Trump: [Video clip] You are fake news.

Jim Acosta: [Video clip] Sir --

Donald Trump: [Video clip] Go ahead.

Jim Acosta: [Video clip] Can you state categorically that nobody -- no. Mr. President-elect, that's not appropriate.

Donald Trump: [Video clip] Go ahead.

Note: [End video clip]

Patrick Bet-David: So, if you can [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: But isn't that disgusting? Think of it. And that would never happen to a Democrat. But isn't that disgusting? He's a -- he's a low life, the guy, and as you know. But -- and he has his own show. He gets no ratings at all. Nobody on CNN gets ratings. But isn't that a disgusting -- you know, I'm just watching that, and isn't it a shame that people can behave that way against the president, you know? And yeah, I think I got -- I think I'm responsible for those numbers up there where they went down.

Donald Trump: And frankly, I'm proud of it because they're -- I also am responsible for the term fake news. And that's a great term, but it's not strong enough. I think it's corrupt news is a better term, but it doesn't play as well. But they're corrupt people and disgusting people. But he is a -- he -- well, he -- he wasn't as bad as some.

Donald Trump: I mean, in a certain way, he was louder, but he wasn't as smart as some. I mean, some are much smarter. He's not as smart.

Patrick Bet-David: Did you think you were going to say fake news or was it just kind of came out and then it stuck? You're like this is going to stick. Was it intentional? Was it --

Donald Trump: I -- I don't know if that's the first time I've used it, but I do get credit for having -- you know, having been an originator of the term. I mean, you know, a lot of times, I come up with -- I have a very fertile mind. I come up with very good names for people.

Patrick Bet-David: You're very creative.

Donald Trump: Pocahontas.

Patrick Bet-David: Yes.

Donald Trump: Lots of good names. But -- but, you know, I don't know if that's the first time, but I thought of that term often and more so as I was running. You know, I -- I actually used to get great press when I was an entrepreneur. I would get very glamorous press, very beautiful press. I went -- I went the exact opposite.

Donald Trump: And I was amazed. And I -- I really -- I really learned how corrupt it was. I didn't think of it as that corrupt because, you know, I'd do something and they'd give me credit. But no, I've -- I had a very different life, actually, when you think about it, but then I ran for president. So, 92 percent of the people that ran for president -- presidents, 92 percent were politicians and 8 percent were generals.

Donald Trump: So, I wasn't a politician. I wasn't a general. So, I was the only one that wasn't in that group. No, there were no admirals. They were all either politicians or they were -- sort of an interesting point. Most people don't know that. Some people said that's interesting. Other people say --

Patrick Bet-David: That makes sense because even Reagan would be a politician because he was a two-term governor.

Donald Trump: Well, he was a politician.

Patrick Bet-David: Right. He was a politician. Yes.

Donald Trump: He was -- he was a governor. There were some that were businessmen, but they were -- then ran for the Senate or they were in Congress and, you know, they went from there to the presidency. But nobody ever went right to the presidency. You know, I never ran for office. All of a sudden, I'm president. And I -- I really learned about the press early and the hard way because I went from one extreme to the other.

Donald Trump: I got great press, and then all of a sudden, I was treated like -- by a moron like that. And I -- I really -- I fought them very hard. They're very dishonest. They're very corrupt, not all of them, but a big percentage of them. I would say in the 80s. That's a lot. That's a lot. Big percentage are very corrupt, very corrupt.

Patrick Bet-David: Have they always been? Is it always been the case? You've been around main -- you've been around, you know --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Patrick Bet-David: Media, TV your entire life.

Donald Trump: I don't think it's ever been like this. Yeah, I've been around it for a long time. I don't think it's ever been like this.

Patrick Bet-David: When do you think it --

Donald Trump: You know, when I started off, Patrick, I used to have a story written about me. And without fail, somebody would call after the story was written but not published, and they were called fact-checkers. "Hello, sir. We're calling about a story that we wrote about you. Is it true that you own this and is it true that you did this and that you spent X dollars? Could we check that number?" Blah, Blah, Blah.

Patrick Bet-David: Right.

Donald Trump: And it would go on for a while to a point where you'd get somebody else to just do it. But they -- without fail, I'd have -- if there were any details in a story, not always, but if there were any details always -- and they were called fact-checkers. "Hello, sir. My name is Jim Smith. I'm a fact-checker for the New York Times."

Donald Trump: And they'd check the facts of a story. And I think they at least -- at least were trying to be real. I haven't had a fact-checker call me in 30 years, you know. They don't call anymore. They used to call.

Patrick Bet-David: Do you think that's because of the Fairness Doctrine Act of 1987? Because prior to that, media platforms had to actually give both sides of the story. And then once that was dropped, they -- they lost the accountability. They could say whatever they wanted to say. And it was kind of a free-for-all. Let me go after them.

Patrick Bet-David: But for you, when you became a president, you know, if someone's running for office, you have to sit there and think about issues. Here's what I'm running on, wall, border, you know, economy, X, Y, Z. Great. Obama, I'm going to go after health care.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Patrick Bet-David: Jimmy Carter, I'm going to go human rights. You pick and choose what you're running for. But there's also an element of who are going to be my allies, who are going to be my enemies. Did you sit there and say the enemy of the people is media, I'm going to go after them or did you say no, this happened accidentally? Was this intentional or was it accidental?

Donald Trump: I think it's just long term happened and morphed into it. I don't think they said --

Patrick Bet-David: I'm talking specifically for you, though.

Donald Trump: But I can tell you -- yeah. For me -- look, I'm the worst case because there's nobody been abused like I have. And I don't think -- although, I guess probably some, but for a shorter period of time. There's nobody for over such a long --

Patrick Bet-David: Who would you put -- you even thought about it. Who -- who do -- who do you think? For short --

Donald Trump: I'd have to think -- short term, people have been abused over one deal and they're gone or something.

Patrick Bet-David: Oh, OK. I got it. Got it.

Donald Trump: But I've been -- you know, I've been doing this for a long time.

Patrick Bet-David: Right.

Donald Trump: Right. And I've abused them, also, so, you know, I do that.

Patrick Bet-David: But did you say -- did you target them and say I'm going to go attack media and I'm going to go after them? Is that part of strategy that you had or no, that was just --

Donald Trump: No.

Patrick Bet-David: If you come after me, I'm going to come after you?

Donald Trump: You know, I think it's a natural instinct with me.

Patrick Bet-David: Yeah.

Donald Trump: You know, like it would be for you --

Patrick Bet-David: Right. Right.

Donald Trump: And other people that know how to win a little bit.

Patrick Bet-David: Sure.

Donald Trump: No, but -- but I -- I really saw it in politics. I would tell them something and they would write the opposite. I said, "What's that all about?" I called up -- the Washington Post was treating me very bad. New York Times is probably the worst, but the -- the two of them are really bad. And I know how to deal with the press.

Donald Trump: I'm a professional. I'm a smart guy and I know. So, I said, "Watch, I'm going to call the press in," Washington Post. I -- during my first or second year. And I said, "I'm going to call the Washington Post. I'm not going to joke. I'm not going to be cute. I'm not going to be a wise guy. I'm going to just call them in and I want to talk and I'm going to explain what a great job I've done on different things like the economy."

Donald Trump: I had a great economy, all that. And I called them in. I was very nice. I didn't say -- like I didn't say, "Hey, how's it going?" Everything was really professional. The numbers were fantastic. Everything was perfect. And I treated them with great respect. I shook their hand, and it was over. And the next day, they wrote a horrible story, you know.

Donald Trump: It was -- and I said, "There is no way around it." And usually, it's the liberal side. And I don't understand it really. Why wouldn't they want to have a strong border? I don't understand them. Because, you know, usually, like in business, you'll understand why somebody wants something. Why wouldn't they want to have a strong border? Why do they want to have men playing in women's sports? I watched the Olympics and two people transitioned into womanhood, two people.

Donald Trump: They went from man to woman and they were into boxing and they beat the hell out of everyone. They won the gold medal. But weightlifting, records that held for 18 years, a quarter of an ounce on each side. You've seen me do it probably because it's so cool. I mean, weightlifting is so easy to -- you know, it's so descriptive, right? How can you be better than that? Like golf is a little bit harder because you have to sink putts.

Donald Trump: That's different. Women can putt, but they can't lift, you know, 450 pounds over their head. And the weightlifting record that stood for 18, 19 years gets broken by 100 pounds. You know, I mean, they put like a little -- they take this --

Patrick Bet-David: Right.

Donald Trump: They -- take this top of this pen. See that pen? That thing weighs like an eighth of an ounce. And they put one over here and one over there. They couldn't do it for 18 years. And a guy comes along -- it's crazy.

Patrick Bet-David: I mean, the border could make sense, though. If you were to say like --

Donald Trump: The what?

Patrick Bet-David: Why would they want the border to be open?

Donald Trump: Why do they want an open border?

Patrick Bet-David: There could be an argument to be made there.

Donald Trump: Well, why do they want an open border with no checking? In other words, there's nobody vetted, nobody checked.

Patrick Bet-David: Right.

Donald Trump: And as you heard two weeks ago, the Border Patrol put out the numbers. They weren't supposed to, but they did because they had to -- because they had to -- inherently, you know, they endorsed me.

Patrick Bet-David: I saw that. Powerful.

Donald Trump: They endorsed me.

Patrick Bet-David: Fifty thousand --

Donald Trump: Hundred percent unanimous.

Patrick Bet-David: Right.

Donald Trump: Like a massive -- a full -- they said he's the greatest in the history of -- I had the best border in the history of the country. I had the best economy in the history of the country. But you take a look at some of these stats. So, yesterday, a young woman was playing volleyball. You saw that shot? And he got hit by a -- a hard shot by a man, a man who transitioned.

Patrick Bet-David: There's been many of those. If there was a new one yesterday, there's been so many --

Donald Trump: She got hit in the head, she --she didn't know where she was.

Patrick Bet-David: Right.

Donald Trump: Yeah. She said, "I've never seen a ball travel at that speed before." But -- but here's why -- why do they want that? I don't understand that. Usually, you understand like somebody wants something. You try and figure it out. And you could go through a lot of things. You know, why do they want transgender -- why do they want to take somebody's child, a boy, and make the boy into a girl and not tell the parents? I mean, they do this.

Donald Trump: And at first, they said, "No, no, but that's just an exaggeration." No, it's not. It's really not.

Patrick Bet-David: The state of California, Newsom.

Donald Trump: Why do they want to -- yeah. Well, look at -- look at California, Gavin Newscum, who's one of the worst governors, but he's got a good line of stuff and he'll -- he'll tell everyone how well he's doing, but it's the first time they've ever lost more people than they gained. You know, they -- look, they have such an advantage: the beautiful ocean, the beautiful weather.

Donald Trump: Everything is beautiful, and they run it so badly with all of the problems. They run it so -- he's a crummy governor. But -- but why -- why is it? So, yesterday -- and who would sign the bill to even present it to him? He signed a bill that you're not even allowed to ask for voter ID. In other words, it's not like you can't have voter ID.

Donald Trump: That's terrible because everybody should have voter ID. You have ID for everything. The Democrats had big ID. You know, when they had their convention, a friend of mine couldn't get in. He said he doesn't have the proper credentials. They want voter ID. They -- they had a strong ID. They had an ID that you had to wear like a prisoner wears, you know, with the number.

Donald Trump: It was like this big card with a picture and everything over there, tie. So, they have it for the Democrat National Convention, right, but they don't want to have it for the vote. But -- but Gavin Newscum signed a thing that was incredible. He signed a bill that if you ask somebody for identification, having to do with voting, I think you've committed a crime, OK? Now, there's only one reason that that happens, because they want to cheat.

Donald Trump: There's no other reason. There's no conceivable other reason.

Patrick Bet-David: Are you surprised? I mean, part of me is not surprised with that. I'm not sitting there thinking I'm surprised with what some of these states are doing. California, I mean, you know, there's a reason why he lost a -- two states lost $1 trillion of money on their management --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Patrick Bet-David: From 2020: New York and California. They got destroyed. And the first time they had net negative migration in California since 1851. It hasn't happened. Then they got it back to back to back. So -- and he just announced two days ago that he's raising gas taxes by $0.47 in the state of California. No wonder people are leaving. But I want to go to the tariffs conversation.

Donald Trump: Because he doesn't want gas vehicles. He wants to use all-electric vehicles.

Patrick Bet-David: It's not going to work for him, though. It's not going to work.

Donald Trump: And people don't want this.

Patrick Bet-David: They going to get destroyed.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Patrick Bet-David: I mean, he's already lost Musk. How do you lose Tesla? How do you lose Musk out of your state?

Donald Trump: Well, I asked -- I asked -- I asked Elon. He takes his massive company, and he left California. I just asked him this question yesterday. I said, "When you left --" Because he's got a good thing in Texas. I said, "When you left did, Newsom -- Newscum --" I call him Newscum because I think it's a more accurate name -- "But did Gavin Newsom call and say can we talk? I want to take you out to dinner. I want you to keep your company."

Patrick Bet-David: What did he say?

Donald Trump: He said he never called.

Patrick Bet-David: Your biggest entrepreneur in your state leaves, you don't call him.

Donald Trump: Number one, biggest guy. Number two, big company, very big company. But a big oil company left also, taking thousands of jobs.

Patrick Bet-David: Wow.

Donald Trump: But my question wasn't that -- you know, that he left for whatever. I mean, "Did anybody ever call?" He said no. I said, "Did Newscum call you at all? Did he like call and say like can we have dinner? I'd love you to stay here and we'll work out some tax benefits or something?" You know, some incentive to stay.

Donald Trump: He said he never called. I was amazed at that. And -- and you're talking about thousands of workers --

Patrick Bet-David: That is wild.

Donald Trump: And prestige. And having Elon is -- is --

Patrick Bet-David: That is wild that you're losing, you don't make the phone call.

Donald Trump: You know, Elon endorsed me very strongly a while ago, and there's no stronger endorsement. He said that if Trump doesn't get elected, this country is going down the tubes. It might not ever survive. He said it's the most important election. I was honored, but I was -- I was amazed because I asked him two -- two days ago.

Donald Trump: I said, "Did anybody make a play to keep you?" Now, think of it. You would if you were governor, you heard of big companies leaving. I would.

Patrick Bet-David: First phone call.

Donald Trump: At least you're calling.

Patrick Bet-David: Right.

Donald Trump: Say is there anything we can do to keep you, right?

Patrick Bet-David: You know, what I like about -- and I do want to go to the tariffs, and I think this is a great transition. Tim Cook, they asked him, they said, "Why would you have a meeting with President Trump?" "Because he's the only president that called me." "Oh, OK. Let's talk about something else." Of course, he's going to have a meeting with you if the guy is calling him.

Patrick Bet-David: Why wouldn't you call the CEO of your, you know, $3 trillion company? But let's talk --

Donald Trump: I just spoke to Tim Cook. Can I tell you?

Patrick Bet-David: Tim, I think -- I think he's a -- I think he's a quality CEO. Go for it.

Donald Trump: So, if -- I'm going to say --

Patrick Bet-David: When you say you just talked, when did you talk? Like how recent?

Donald Trump: Two hours ago.

Patrick Bet-David: OK.

Donald Trump: He called me. I didn't call him.

Patrick Bet-David: OK.

Donald Trump: And let me give you just a little -- the nice part about this long format, you can talk.

Patrick Bet-David: Yes.

Donald Trump: Right? It's very nice. It's something very -- as opposed to bing, bing, bing, bing. That's why long format is working.

Patrick Bet-David: Yes.

Donald Trump: But I just talked to him. But I believe that if Tim Cook didn't run Apple, if Steve Jobs did, it wouldn't -- maybe it would be, but it wouldn't be nearly as successful as it is now.

Patrick Bet-David: Wow. What a statement to make.

Donald Trump: I think so. Because I think Tim Cook has done --

Patrick Bet-David: What a statement to make.

Donald Trump: I think Tim Cook has done an amazing job. And I'm not knocking Steve Jobs. I just think that it wouldn't have been. So, I'll tell you a couple of stories. So, about second term of second year, I get a call, and they say Tim Cook's on the phone. He calls. He said, "Could I see you, sir?" And he's the head of Apple, and I was born in Queens and I said, "Oh, the head of Apple wants to see me. Let's go, I guess,"

Donald Trump: even though I'm president, you know. Still, I was born in Queens and the head of Apple is calling. And by that time, it was the largest company in the world. You know, it's the largest --

Patrick Bet-David: Sure. Yeah.

Donald Trump: In terms of value at that time. I don't know what it is now, but it was. So, he comes in to see me, and it was about tariffs. He said, "You know, you're charging us 25 percent --" because I was going to charge them because we're out of China. And the problem is we can't compete with Samsung because they didn't have to pay tariffs because they weren't in China and they were in South Korea.

Donald Trump: And he said, "It's not really possible for me --" And I did waivers, you know, standard waivers. "It's not possible for me to compete with them if I have to pay a tax and they don't to get our product into the United States." I said, "I agree with you." It didn't take long. I mean, I'm -- you know, I get -- I sort of got it, right? And I said, "I'm going to give you a waiver," and I gave him a waiver, but I said, "I'm going to give you a one-year waiver, but I want you to start building your plants in the United States."

Donald Trump: And he said, "All right." And he actually did. He built one in Texas. He would have built a lot more, but we had a thing called, you know, a change in the administration, which is so horrible, what happened, because if -- Russia would have never happened with Ukraine, October 7th would have never happened, inflation would have never happened.

Donald Trump: Afghanistan, we would have gotten out sooner, actually, than him, but Afghanistan would have never happened as we know it. All of these things would have never -- think of the difference in this -- no inflation. We would have been so rich because we were going for the -- we would have had four to five times the production that they have right now.

Donald Trump: You know, they lost the production and then they got it back because the whole thing was cratering because oil went up to $7, $8 a gallon. So, anyway. So, Tim Cook called. And then he -- about a year later, he called again on something else. He said, "Could I see you?" Now, most companies send in lobbyists that get paid millions and millions of dollars to talk for them, and they probably say, "We know Trump. We can talk,"

Donald Trump: but they don't. You know, for the most part, they don't. And Tim Cook called me up directly, and he did it himself, didn't have to pay $0.10 and I gave him 100 percent of what he wanted because he was right. I mean, you can't compete with Samsung and one's paying a tax, but I said you got to gradually move your -- your company here.

Donald Trump: But then two hours ago, three hours ago, he called me, he said, "I'd like to talk to you about something." "What?" He said, "The European Union has just fined us $15 billion." I said, "That's a lot." I know the feeling because I get fined, too, on fake cases, but I don't know if his cake is -- case is fake yet, but it's a lot.

Donald Trump: Then on top of that, they got fined by the European Union another 2 billion. So, he's at $17 billion to $18 billion fine. I even said about Apple, "Can you pay that?" I mean, do you have that kind -- that's a lot of money. And he said something that was interesting. He said they're using that to run their enterprise, meaning Europe is their enterprise.

Donald Trump: And I said, "That's a lot." I said, "But, Tim, I got to get elected first." But I'm not going to let them take advantage of our companies. That won't, you know, be happening. I talked about -- yesterday, I talked about something that was very important. I don't know if it got -- China was building massive plants in Mexico.

Patrick Bet-David: Hofusan.

Donald Trump: And I let them --

Patrick Bet-David: Massive plant.

Donald Trump: Massive. The biggest plants in the world.

Patrick Bet-David: Right. Yup.

Donald Trump: And my friend was actually building it. It's the one right there. Oh, that's --

Patrick Bet-David: It's massive.

Donald Trump: Guess what? They're not building it anymore. You know that, right?

Patrick Bet-David: Right. I heard.

Donald Trump: Do you know why? Because of me. And if they built that, there would be no more Detroit. Now, Detroit has been decimated over the years. But there would be no more Detroit. So, they're building massive plants in Mexico. China is building them. And they're going to make cars, sell them across the border, and destroy every automobile manufacturer, even in South Carolina and other places, Tennessee.

Donald Trump: They're going to destroy it. You wouldn't have one automaking company. And what did I do? I said two months ago, "And if they do that, I will put a 100 or 200 or 2,000 percent tariff on these cars, and they will never enter America." And that was it. And I said that four or five times during four or five speeches.

Donald Trump: And I met the man that's building the plants two days ago when I was in Detroit at the Economic Club of Detroit, making a speech, talking about how we're going to bring our car industry back, which is easy to do. All you have to do is the -- the proper incentives. And I mean, keeping Elon would have been easy to do, frankly, but nobody ever went to see him.

Patrick Bet-David: I -- I want to push back on this. I'm curious to know what you say about this. [Begin videotape] So, we thought about you. Everybody said, "Pat, let's make sure we get one autographed hat of Future Looks Bright with the president's signature on it and allow people to compete for it. So, here's what we're doing.

Patrick Bet-David: Anybody that places an order of Future Looks Bright, $100, the first 100 of you, one of you will be the lucky winner of this signed hat by Donald J. Trump. So, go to vtmerch.com, minimum order of $100. One of you, we'll send this hat to you. [End videotape] So, going back to this. So, when I think about -- by the way, Tim Cook, he -- Steve Jobs dies.

Patrick Bet-David: Apple is worth 100 billion. Today, it's worth 3 trillion. He 30x, so kind of credibility on what he did. He's a very good operator.

Donald Trump: No, I just don't think Steve Jobs would have been as good as -- as Tim.

Patrick Bet-David: It's an interesting point you're making. It's a good point to debate. But I want to go to the China-Mexico. So, for the first time in a long time, actual labor is cheaper in Mexico than it is in China. Mexico is now 3.90 an hour, all in. China is 4.50, right? And when I think about this phone that Tim Cook, Steve Jobs, they built.

Patrick Bet-David: This phone, if I buy it made in China, costs $1,100, OK? If I buy it -- they try to do a quarter in India, backfired. They don't have the infrastructure yet.

Donald Trump: Right. Right. That's right.

Patrick Bet-David: So, he kind of wanted to find out what to do next. If I buy this in US and it's made in US, it's $2,400, right? So, there's a part of it with Nixon, where I think Nixon got it right. And years ago, you and Nixon had a relationship. He even said, "Whenever you run, you're going to be a president." He said this many, many years ago.

Donald Trump: He did say it.

Patrick Bet-David: Nixon was for --

Donald Trump: His wife said it. His wife said it.

Patrick Bet-David: When Pat, you're saying --

Donald Trump: Well, she said, "I watched somebody on The Phil Donahue Show." She said, "I watched a man on television, a young man on television." I have the letter. It's the most beautiful letter. He said, "My wife just told me you'll be president," because I knew him a little bit. And I said, "That's interesting. I'll have to think about that."

Donald Trump: But it was very nice, actually. But no, she said it. But go ahead, please.

Patrick Bet-David: So -- so that's when -- when you think about the first time we sold the Toyota in the States was '58. In '72, under Nixon, Toyota sold a million cars here, and that kind of forced American to be like, hey, you know, we got to find a way to lower the price point. So, we need a little bit of competition when it comes down to the tariff side, right? We do too much, price may go up because if we do make this in America and cash flow income is not going up, middle Americans may be like I can't afford to do this.

Patrick Bet-David: Yes, we'd love to have it made in America. But, you know, a regular person making $55,000, you can't afford this. So, how do you balance and manage tariffs so the average person is not affected by it, please?

Donald Trump: But before I do that --

Patrick Bet-David: Yeah.

Donald Trump: So, let me just say, already tariffs because, to me, I think it's the most beautiful word in the dictionary, more beautiful than love, more beautiful than any word I know, tariff. It will make our country extremely wealthy again because, right now, we're poor, we're broke. It'll make our country wealthy again.

Donald Trump: And it's the most powerful word there is. OK. So, just by the mere mention of the fact that I am going to put 100 to 200 percent tariffs on every car coming out of that factory that you just put, that car plant that's being built -- actually started and stopped. The fact that I mentioned it, I said to the man the other day -- because I told him -- you know, this started.

Donald Trump: I want to see a great car plant. He's the best in the world at building the biggest, and he said, "I'll have to take you to Mexico." I said, "You got to be kidding. I want to see in the United States." He said, "We don't build them in the United States. We build them in Mexico and China and all over, but not --" That's because we're stupid, OK? We have -- and yet, we sell them.

Donald Trump: They -- all that product would be sold in the United States. So, I said, "Are you building it now?" "Yes, we're just starting." This was a year ago, let's say, and it's the biggest in the world. I think he said two of them actually, but the biggest in the world. Anyway, I hadn't seen him. He's a great guy.

Donald Trump: All he does is plants. If you said build an apartment, he wouldn't know how to build it. I mean, all he does, he does, you know, tremendous new big plants. I saw him the other day when I made a speech at the Detroit, really, economic summit -- it was great -- on cars. And I see him in the audience, and I see him afterwards.

Donald Trump: And I say, "Could I ask you, how is the big plants coming?" "Oh, they stopped construction." I said, "Really, they did? Why? Tell me why?" "Because they think you're going to be elected. And if you get elected, you're going to put 100 percent tariff or 200. You even said 200. They said if Trump gets elected, we're not going to spend billions of dollars building plants in Mexico."

Donald Trump: I saved Detroit, what's left of it. Don't forget, Detroit can make a great renaissance with me. With her, she doesn't even know what -- you and I are talking about stuff right now. She would have no idea what we're talking about. You get it really good. You get it better than almost anybody. Even when I spoke at Bloomberg the other day, he wasn't a tariff guy.

Donald Trump: I said, "Well, you got to be a tariff guy because if tariffs don't work, our --"

Patrick Bet-David: You need to use it.

Donald Trump: Our country is broke.

Patrick Bet-David: A hundred percent you need to use it.

Donald Trump: But just think of it. The -- the fact that I said I'm going to put tariffs --

Patrick Bet-David: Right.

Donald Trump: On all of those cars that are coming out of that plant. That's a big plant. That's maybe one of the biggest in the world, right? Now, those cars were going to come all into the United States. If they come into the United States, that means there's not going to be any room -- that makes more than Detroit makes, OK, than everybody.

Donald Trump: So, that would mean that our car industry is wiped out. I hope that the union workers, the autoworkers understand that I saved their jobs because in a year and a half, when that thing open, you wouldn't have one car being made in the Midwest or anyplace else in this country. So, because of Donald Trump -- and he said that.

Donald Trump: He said, "Because of you, construction is totally stopped. They're absolutely -- they gave up on the job." Now, if I didn't get elected, they'll be building that sucker.

Patrick Bet-David: They're going to start -- they're going to build it. They --

Donald Trump: You -- you watch.

Patrick Bet-David: The only thing for me is --

Donald Trump: Hopefully, that won't happen.

Patrick Bet-David: The only thing for me is that I would be curious to know how the administration is going to take it. It has to -- you have to impose tariffs on a country that's bullying. For example, I loved what you did with Iran when you put the sanctions.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Patrick Bet-David: I'm in Monaco, June 26th of 2019. It's my 10-year anniversary. We're there with my wife. We're laying by Carlton Hotel -- I think it's in Cannes -- and having the, you know, award-winning lobster roll, whatever they claim there. And I meet this guy, a Middle Eastern guy. He comes and he says, "Hey, Patrick, how are you?" We start talking.

Patrick Bet-David: I said, "What do you do?" He says, "Well, I'm a pretty powerful guy." I said, "Really?" "Yeah." He says, you know, "Google me." So, I go and I'm like, oh, interesting. I said, "I'm curious. So, you manage what?" He says, "21 countries in the Middle East. I'm the one that says who gets to do business banking with Iran and none."

Patrick Bet-David: I said, "What did Trump's sanctions on Iran do?" He says, "Let's go in the middle of the ocean and talk. You have to set your phone aside." I'll never forget this.

Donald Trump: Right. Right.

Patrick Bet-David: So, we go in the middle of the ocean, standing out there, having a conversation. Wives are talking. We're over there. He says, "Everybody --" If you can pull up -- that's the one? Is that what it is? Here's the economic growth in Iran. If you look at that. '15, '16, nuclear deal implemented, sanctions lifted, then it's you.

Patrick Bet-David: '18, '19, they're being decimated. I mean, these guys are getting destroyed.

Donald Trump: They wanted to make a deal.

Patrick Bet-David: They wanted to make a deal.

Donald Trump: They had to make a deal.

Patrick Bet-David: And then you come in, and then you -- you know, Biden comes in, obviously things changed right afterward. So, for this time around with Iran, with everything that's going on with sanctions, there is a method to the madness. Remember back in [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Chart -- can you send me that chart? Look at that.

Patrick Bet-David: This?

Donald Trump: They wanted to make a deal. I'm not looking to hurt Iran. They wanted to make a deal because I told China, "If you buy one barrel of oil, one, you're not ever doing business in the United States again." They said, "We'll pass," to Iran. They passed. Nobody was buying from --

Patrick Bet-David: Are you going to bring this back, the strategy back with Iran?

Donald Trump: Different strategies. It all depends. Very fertile mind. Different strategies. But -- but they're very close to having a nuclear weapon. You have to understand, I didn't want much. All I wanted is you can never have a nuclear weapon. I didn't want much. I wanted Iran to be very successful. I just don't want them to have a nuclear weapon.

Patrick Bet-David: Right.

Donald Trump: Because that's the real threat. The real threat isn't global warming. The real threat is -- threat is nuclear warming, OK? That's the real warming because, you know, I'm the one that rebuilt our military. I rebuilt the whole military. And part of what I rebuilt is the nuclear. And I hated to do it, but we had to because China has it, Russia has it, you know, etc.

Donald Trump: But I know more about nuclear than anybody because -- and I can just only tell you this. The power is obliteration, OK? It's not -- I always say it's not two army tanks running around each other.

Patrick Bet-David: What's going to happen to Iran with you by the -- by the end of your administration?

Donald Trump: I don't --

Patrick Bet-David: I'm not asking for tactics. I'm just --

Donald Trump: I would like to see Iran be very successful. The only thing is they can't have a nuclear weapon. That's it.

Patrick Bet-David: Are you OK with the same administration and way of governing stays or would you like to see it go back to the '70s when Shah was running it and Iran was one of the top three countries in tourism?

Donald Trump: Look, we -- yeah. We can't get totally involved in all that. You know, I mean, we're --

Patrick Bet-David: Right. Right.

Donald Trump: We can't run ourselves. Let's face it.

Patrick Bet-David: Sure.

Donald Trump: Patrick, we can't run ourselves.

Patrick Bet-David: We put sanctions. That's going to -- they don't have -- the people are going to turn and flip on them. It's not going to be a -- what should -- I think if you would have gotten reelected --

Donald Trump: When I handed it over, I told them, "Right now, make a deal with Iran. They'll do anything." They want to make a deal with me. They wanted -- had that election not been rigged and stolen, I will tell you, right now, we would have no problems anywhere in the world. You know, Viktor Orban, you know he's a very tough guy and a very smart guy.

Donald Trump: And he's -- you know, some of the European countries don't like him because he's, you know, smart.

Patrick Bet-David: Sure. Makes sense.

Donald Trump: And they -- they do things that aren't so smart. But he said -- they said what's happening? The whole world is blowing up now, the Middle East, Russia, Ukraine. I mean, now, all of a sudden, you know -- I mean, it's getting really bad over there. I'll tell you, the Russia-Ukraine getting really bad. You could have World War III, and we have two people, her and him, and she's not as smart as Biden.

Donald Trump: Biden, believe it or not -- and this is a very small group of people fit into this category -- he's smarter than she is, OK? You have a problem. And even the three or four months left, that's a lot of months. That's a lot of time left. You could have World War III before I would take office, even if I were --

Patrick Bet-David: So, let me ask you this.

Donald Trump: This country is in -- the world is in grave danger. But you know what Viktor Orban said? He said, "If Trump comes back in, everything is solved. He said, "When he ran it, we had no wars, we had no problems." Now, he used the term they were afraid of Trump. I don't want to use that term because it's like -- but they were. They were afraid of me. They didn't know what the hell I was going to do. And that included Russia. Don't forget, they always said, "

Donald Trump: Oh, I'm so close to Putin." I had a good relationship with Putin. I had a good relationship with President Xi. But what did I do to Putin? I ended the pipeline going to Germany and all over Europe. The biggest job they've ever had is the pipeline going all over the -- all over Europe. I terminated it. Think of it. Do you think that's a good relationship? No. Putin said, "

Donald Trump: You know, I'd hate to see you if you were angry at us." You understand? But what did I do? First, earlier -- earlier -- and then you go, "Well, Trump was in the pocket of Russia." Trump was in the pocket. I ended the biggest job they've ever done, a job that made more money. Biden comes in, and what does he do? He approves it.

Donald Trump: He lets it go forward. It was dead. It was never going to happen. He let -- and what else did he do? He took the Keystone Pipeline, which was our pipeline, which should have been approved, and he terminated it just before construction was started.

Patrick Bet-David: They've lost credibility at this point. But with Iran -- so here's one thing if -- the reason why I'm asking this, I lived in Iran almost 11 years, and I was -- you know, I'm a --

Donald Trump: Are you Iranian of -- from heritage?

Patrick Bet-David: I was born Armenian, my mother's side; Assyrian, father's side. You gave a shoutout to Assyrians the other day --

Donald Trump: I did.

Patrick Bet-David: In Arizona. It was great seeing Assyrians for Trump. But I'm asking this --

Donald Trump: You know why they were there? They were so nice. I met -- they said -- the Assyrians, they said, "Could you give us a shoutout?" "I said, "Who are you?" I didn't know. They said, "We're Assyrians." I said, "What does that mean?" But they were really nice people, and I said -- I think I mispronounced it, but I said it.

Patrick Bet-David: Yeah, you did. You got to write this down. But going back to Iran, so last topic on this. I just want to clear this up. So, Qasem Soleimani, you take him out. That's their hero. That's their General Patton. When you take him out, they want to seek vengeance. So, now, hey, they're -- they're targeting you.

Patrick Bet-David: They're coming after you. Your assassination attempts, all this stuff. They create these videos that they're going to come. We haven't forgotten that you took our hero out great. So, Carter-Reagan, when Reagan got elected, remember, they released, was it 59 prisoners, you know --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Patrick Bet-David: Who had been held hostage for 444 days, if I'm getting the numbers right. Can you see 59, 444 days? What's the number?

Question: Fifty-two Americans, 444 days.

Patrick Bet-David: Forty-four days. Boom. The minute inauguration, they released him, Khomeini, right? It's like, oh, this guy thinks he's going to do something about it. This is my question for you. Say you win November 5th, say it's a landslide, say it's done, OK? From November 5th to -- you're --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Patrick Bet-David: Going back to putting your hand inauguration on the stage, during that time, that season, what do you think is going to happen during that season? Is during that season Russia-Ukraine going to be done? During that season -- you think it's going to be that quickly --

Donald Trump: I think the world --

Patrick Bet-David: Or do you think it's going to be after?

Donald Trump: I think the world is going to behave and I think I will settle Russia-Ukraine while I'm president-elect.

Patrick Bet-David: While you're president-elect.

Donald Trump: While I'm president-elect.

Patrick Bet-David: Wow.

Donald Trump: You need that credibility.

Patrick Bet-David: Sure.

Donald Trump: While I'm president-elect, I will settle it. You know, I met with Zelenskyy the other day. I have a good relationship with Putin and with Zelenskyy.

Patrick Bet-David: He didn't look too happy standing next to you, though.

Donald Trump: Well, look, this is a war that should have never happened. You have millions of people that are dead, much more than you're reading about. You know, when you see these -- I was amazed at how big -- I'm in the real estate business, to put it mildly.

Patrick Bet-David: Sure.

Donald Trump: So, I know buildings. Those buildings were massive. You know, they were long rather than tall. They were 12 to 15 stories high, but they went, like, for blocks. They were massive buildings. Rockets were hitting the buildings. They were collapsing. A lot of people were killed. You hear two people were injured.

Donald Trump: No, no. Many people were killed. That war is much more deadly than they're telling you. It has to be settled. But here's the problem. It should have never happened. If I were president, that war would have never happened. Putin would have never done it. The war would have never happened.

Patrick Bet-David: You're saying --

Donald Trump: Without even a settlement -- without even a settlement.

Patrick Bet-David: But you're saying after November 5th, as a president-elect, you're saying things are going to get done during that time?

Donald Trump: I'd like to be able to do it.

Patrick Bet-David: How about Iran and Israel? What -- what about that one?

Donald Trump: Well, that depends. A lot is happening right now.

Patrick Bet-David: I know.

Donald Trump: We have to see what happens.

Patrick Bet-David: Right. OK.

Donald Trump: That one is a very interesting one, and it's become more interesting because Israel didn't listen to Biden and -- and her and did what they wanted to do and they put themselves in a pretty strong position. I mean, let's face it. Who would have thought this was going to happen? Everybody was very afraid of Iran.

Donald Trump: They're less afraid of Iran now. What they did to Hezbollah and Hamas if you take a look at --

Patrick Bet-David: [Inaudible] They took everybody out. I mean, the --

Donald Trump: No. I mean, no.

Patrick Bet-David: Pagers, their --

Donald Trump: The whole thing with the pagers --

Patrick Bet-David: Right.

Donald Trump: It was from the pagers that -- because those were your leaders. I mean, those were the leaders.

Patrick Bet-David: That's right. Straight to the top.

Donald Trump: It was like 2,000 or 3,000, wiped out.

Patrick Bet-David: And the guy that replaced them, they took him out as well. I mean, that was that -- because nobody wants that job.

Donald Trump: Almost like --

Patrick Bet-David: Now, it's like, hey, would you like this job? I'll pass. I don't want the job.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible]

Patrick Bet-David: Right.

Donald Trump: So, it's a different -- you know, it's a different story, but only because Bibi did not listen to Biden. Biden wanted everything to just sort of --

Patrick Bet-David: Right.

Donald Trump: Foment. They wouldn't listen to him.

Patrick Bet-David: Do you think Bibi will listen to you?

Donald Trump: Which tells you -- do I what?

Patrick Bet-David: Do you think Bibi will listen to you?

Donald Trump: Yeah. Oh, he'll listen to me, 100 percent.

Patrick Bet-David: Hundred percent.

Donald Trump: Hundred percent. Don't forget, I got them more than -- and not because -- this isn't the reason, but I got them Golan Heights. They've been trying to get it for as long as they were around. I got him Golan Heights. They wanted -- they -- planes would fly in every year to try and figure it out. I got him Golan Heights.

Donald Trump: But more importantly than that, I ended the Iran nuclear deal, which was -- Bibi fought like hell to have it. Remember that? Fought like hell. Came in to see Obama, fought. And I also got him -- very important, I -- I helped them with their military, everything else, but I got him Jerusalem, capital.

Donald Trump: I got him Jerusalem. Not only did I get it for him, I built the embassy. I didn't just say that. I got it built, and I built it for peanuts, too. I didn't spend $2 billion. I built it for --

Patrick Bet-David: I love what you said the other day when you were doing the -- the new Air Force One from 5.3 billion to 3.7 billion.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Patrick Bet-David: Hey, who would have paid -- they would have paid for that. It's great to have a negotiator.

Donald Trump: No. As you said, does that mean you made 1.7 billion?

Patrick Bet-David: Right, 1.7 billion, which is insane. You're sitting there, like, yeah, Obama, they just cut the check, and I'm like what are you talking about? An operator would never do that. I have a few minutes. I want to hit a few questions with you.

Donald Trump: OK.

Patrick Bet-David: So, you get in -- when you work for a new company, you get a job, you go to HR. And then when you work for the company, that's a big company, let's just say they got 100,000 employees. Let's say you're working for an IBM. Let's say you're working for Boeing, hundreds of thousands of employees. You're going to kind of find out who the manipulators are.

Patrick Bet-David: You're going to find out who the power players are. You're going to find out who the EF Hutton is. You're going to find out who the guy that get the job done, the guy that, even though you replace him, he left, people are still talking to the guy because maybe they want you to fail so they're still -- you know, all this stuff that happens.

Donald Trump: Hundred percent.

Patrick Bet-David: When you went in, day one, you're a president, how did you decipher between knowing who were really the power players, who were the manipulators, who were the ones that would threaten you behind closed doors? How did you go through that process when you first got in?

Donald Trump: So, my problem was I was never -- I mean, I was in Washington, they say -- the fake news said this, so -- but let's assume it's true for a change -- 17 times. I was there 17 times. I never stayed over. So, I was not a Washington person. I didn't know people in Washington.

Patrick Bet-David: When you became president?

Donald Trump: When I became -- yeah, when I became president.

Patrick Bet-David: Right.

Donald Trump: In other words, I ran for president, I was only in Washington 17 times. And most of it was I was building a hotel, a beautiful hotel that I sold. It's now the Waldorf Astoria. And I built, I did a great job, sold it, made some money, and it was -- it was great. But that was most of the time. I was only there -- think of it.

Patrick Bet-David: Beautiful.

Donald Trump: I was only there, that's it, right? That's a beautiful job and a great location. That -- oh, maybe I shouldn't have sold it.

Patrick Bet-David: You are funny.

Donald Trump: No, I'm looking at it, I'm saying, huh?

Patrick Bet-David: That is a beautiful property.

Donald Trump: No, I did a great job with it. My whole family did: Ivanka and Don and everybody and Eric. Eric did a fantastic job. But anyway, I built that. But -- so I was --

Patrick Bet-David: Seventeen days. I didn't know that.

Donald Trump: Seventeen days total. Never stayed over. OK. But that's what they say, but it's about right. In other words, I wasn't a Washington person. So, all of a sudden, I'm president. I landed on Air Force One. You never saw so many motorcycles and cars and everything. Military marching. Everybody is marching.

Donald Trump: I'm saying -- I said to my wife, "Oh," and we're going down Pennsylvania Avenue, and we're in the back of The Beast, you know, the world's longest army tank, right? And we're in the back of The Beast, and I look to the left and there's the building. And we're going the opposite direction of the roads.

Donald Trump: You know, the roads are closed. On that day, you could have gone if you're -- any -- any way you want. So, we're going, and I say, "Look, there's the hotel and there's the White House." A couple of blocks further as the White House. Here's the -- I say, "Did you ever see anything so incredible? This is surreal."

Donald Trump: I have the brand new hotel and I have the White House and I'm president. But here's the bad part. I didn't know anybody in Washington other than some politicians, and I knew them because I was a contributor, not because I was a politician because I had only done this a few months. You know, I ran and --

Patrick Bet-David: But -- but you're in the business of reading bullshit.

Donald Trump: I am. No, I am.

Patrick Bet-David: You're in the business of reading like manipulators.

Donald Trump: Yeah, but there's a lot of people. So, what happens is I had to rely on people for advice. And largely, I got it right. You know, don't forget you only hear about like stupid people like a Bolton or I don't want to mention even Barr because he endorsed me the other day. You saw that, endorsed me strongly.

Donald Trump: I was impressed by that. But I put people in there who I -- I made mistakes, but I made -- I got it mostly right. Great trade people. I had great trade.

Patrick Bet-David: That's not the question I'm asking if I may. Here's what I'm asking. What I'm asking -- I'm not even asking about, hey, why would you hire these guys, the swamp.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Patrick Bet-David: And that question has already been addressed. I'm not interested in that question. The question I'm asking is you're in. You're in a new space. Who were really the powerful people? Was it the director of CIA? Was it FBI? Was it the Big Pharma? Was it the military-industrial complex guys that are General Dynamics? Who were the people --

Donald Trump: Yeah, I get it.

Patrick Bet-David: Like, oh, I got you. You have --

Donald Trump: I get it.

Patrick Bet-David: I never thought you had power. Who actually has power?

Donald Trump: The most powerful person by far, the president. Power over everybody, power. The power is enormous.

Patrick Bet-David: Most people don't believe that.

Donald Trump: It's -- it is. But there is a sort of a deep state, and a lot of that's people that have been there. And then there are some bad guys. There are some bad people. Then there's the radical left, which I think are more dangerous, in many ways, than the other countries. I really do. You know, guys like Shifty Adam Schiff and others.

Donald Trump: They're bad people. They're sort of sick people, not stupid people either, by the way. Smart people.

Patrick Bet-David: Of course. Sure.

Donald Trump: But they're vicious, but they're very bad for our country.

Patrick Bet-David: Is Adam Schiff powerful?

Donald Trump: Can you imagine -- well, he made up the Russia hoax.

Patrick Bet-David: No, but what I was --

Donald Trump: He and Hillary.

Patrick Bet-David: No, what I'm saying is who is their boss? Who -- who calls them and say you better or else?

Donald Trump: I think it's an amorphous group. It's -- it's a group. It's not one person. It's an amorphous group of lunatics. And when they come together, they're -- they're pretty bad. But let me just say this. The president has the absolute -- if the president -- now, Biden doesn't know he's alive, so I don't think he -- I really believe they used him as a vessel, like a vessel in the night, and I -- I really believe that.

Donald Trump: She's a little bit more dangerous because she's basically a Marxist like her father. Her father is a Marxist. You know what I don't understand, why is the father not been interviewed? I mean, nobody talks about that. If that were a Republican situation, the father would be all over the place. Where's the father? I haven't had one -- I haven't seen one article where they're looking for the father.

Donald Trump: So, the father is a Marxist professor of economics, which is an interesting thing. Marxists and economics don't go together.

Patrick Bet-David: You know what's the one thing -- everybody says what's your favorite four years of Trump or four years of Obama? All these guys and you look at moments, right?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Patrick Bet-David: My favorite moment of you being a president is this moment here. This is what I love the most. It was the first time where a president is running a vlog-style administration where -- Rob, if you can play this clip. This is -- you were talking about building the wall, shutting down the government, and you put the camera on their face.

Patrick Bet-David: I think you did this once also with Kissinger, which I don't know if that was a power play, intentional or not. I thought it was. Play this clip, Rob.

Question: I will.

Note: [Begin video clip]

Chuck Schumer: [Video clip] None of us have said it.

Donald Trump: [Video clip] You want to know something.

Chuck Schumer: [Video clip] You've said it.

Donald Trump: [Video clip] OK. You wanted to put that on me.

Chuck Schumer: [Video clip] You've said it.

Donald Trump: [Video clip] I'll take it.

Chuck Schumer: [Video clip] OK. Good.

Donald Trump: [Video clip] You know what I'll say? Yes, if we don't get what we want one, way or the other, whether it's through you, through a military, through anything you want to call, I will shut down the government.

Chuck Schumer: [Video clip] OK. Absolutely, no. We disagree.

Donald Trump: [Video clip] And I am proud -- and I'll tell you what.

Chuck Schumer: [Video clip] We disagree.

Donald Trump: [Video clip] I am proud to shut down the government for border security, Chuck, because the people of this country don't want criminals and people that have lots of problems and drugs pouring into our country. So, I will take the mantle. I will be the one --

Note: [End video clip]

Patrick Bet-David: You can pause it, Rob. You know what did this to me?

Donald Trump: And by the way, how right was I? And now -- and I had the strongest border we ever had, and I used soldiers from Mexico and every other thing. You got it for nothing, zero cost. I had the strongest border. But look at that guy. Look. They're all threats to our nation. He and his group, after I was gone, opened up the border, and our country has been poisoned, OK, poisoned.

Patrick Bet-David: Yeah.

Donald Trump: We have killers. We have murderers. We have the drug lords. We have -- we have everything. We have terrorists at numbers. Do you know in 2019, a report was done that not one terrorist was allowed in? Now, I think it's probably wrong because it's -- you know, I want to take credit for it. It was my year. And then --

Patrick Bet-David: Have you seen the terrorist stat?

Donald Trump: Thousands. Thousands.

Patrick Bet-David: Rob, pull up the clip with -- not this one. The other one, Rob. Because you like the charts. I think you're going to love this chart. So, this is the chart. I don't know if you've seen this or not. So, this is the terrorist attacks, deaths, and injuries based on different presidents being there. If you go to 2008 to 2016, that's the Barack Obama era.

Patrick Bet-David: Look what he did. He produced more terrorist attacks during his era. '16, you get elected. Look what happens.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Patrick Bet-David: Disappearance.

Donald Trump: I had nothing.

Patrick Bet-David: Right? So --

Donald Trump: I had none.

Patrick Bet-David: I -- I understand. So -- but the reason why I showed this clip is if you're --

Donald Trump: I like -- I like these charts. I must say.

Patrick Bet-David: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I like the -- my chart the best. You know, my --

Patrick Bet-David: Yeah, that's the chart.

Donald Trump: You know, I have a chart that I like better than any chart I've ever seen.

Patrick Bet-David: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Better than any person I've ever seen.

Patrick Bet-David: I'm glad you were looking at the chart. I think a lot of people are happy you were looking at the chart.

Donald Trump: No, no, I love these charts that you have.

Patrick Bet-David: No, I'm talking about the chart you looked at when you got shot.

Donald Trump: Oh, yeah.

Patrick Bet-David: And then if you were looking in the other direction --

Donald Trump: Well, I didn't have that chart, I would not be here.

Patrick Bet-David: It'd be a different story.

Donald Trump: We would not be having this interesting chat.

Patrick Bet-David: Let's talk a little bit about family. Let's talk a little bit of family --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Patrick Bet-David: With the last few minutes that we have. So, Barron Trump, I spent some time with Barron. He invited me. I came to Mar-a-Lago.

Donald Trump: Right.

Patrick Bet-David: Sat down. I watched your son --

Donald Trump: I saw you.

Patrick Bet-David: For an hour and a half, two hours, how he was. I think it's -- is he March 20th. I think his birthday is in March. I remember it's March. He had just turned 18. And I'm watching how he's talking to Kobe, all these other guys sitting at the table. And I'm like very interesting. And I know your -- Melania, I think, called him little Donald.

Patrick Bet-David: I think if I'm not mistaken, she gave that nickname to him.

Donald Trump: He's not so little because he's a pretty tall guy.

Patrick Bet-David: But you use the word. You said something when he -- you were being interviewed like five years ago, you said he's strong, he's vicious, he's tough, like you kind of are like he's got -- you know, he's got that part about him. What -- what can you tell us about Barron from your point of view?

Donald Trump: Well, he's very -- he's very -- he's very smart. He's a good student and all that. He goes to a great school and does really well. And he's a very nice guy. You see that. He's a very -- he's -- he's -- he doesn't mind being alone, but he's somebody that gets along with people. He loved having you that night.

Donald Trump: I saw you. I was at a different table. I said, "Look at Barron. He's really having a good time." But you -- you're like a psychiatrist for a lot of people. I mean, this interview is now twice as long as it's supposed to be, and we talked about some really amazing things. We talked about Barron, of course.

Donald Trump: I've got to say. He is such a -- he said, "Dad, you got to do me one favor." "What?" "You have to say hello to Patrick for me." I mean, it's cute, you know. He's 18 years old, but he's like --

Patrick Bet-David: An average 18-year-old, though [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: No, no. He's very smart. He's very --

Patrick Bet-David: Is he -- is he good with the ladies in school?

Donald Trump: Well, he --

Patrick Bet-David: He's in NYU.

Donald Trump: I'm not sure --

Patrick Bet-David: Is he there yet or --

Donald Trump: I'm not sure he's there yet. No, I'm not sure he's --

Patrick Bet-David: Got it. Well --

Donald Trump: He's -- I don't think he's had a girlfriend yet. I don't think --

Patrick Bet-David: Really?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I don't think so. Every once in a while, he comes in --

Patrick Bet-David: He's a good-looking guy. He's a good-looking guy.

Donald Trump: He's a good-looking guy.

Patrick Bet-David: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Yeah. He's --

Patrick Bet-David: He's got the swagger. He's a good troller. He's funny. He's witty.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Yeah.

Patrick Bet-David: He's -- last question for you.

Donald Trump: And I have good kids. I mean, my kids are good.

Patrick Bet-David: Well, I mean, that's the one thing that your old best friend Hillary Clinton gave you credit of --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Patrick Bet-David: If you remember that one time, which is what's the credit? You said she's not a -- you know, she doesn't give up, and she said you've raised great kids. Last question for you. I'm curious to know what you say about this. So, I'm in Northridge, California. It's probably 18 years ago. I'm at a restaurant called Claim Jumpers, and I'm meeting this pastor, Pastor Dudley Rutherford.

Patrick Bet-David: Great guy. And I'm like, hey, you know, relationship with father and son. OK? What would you say about a relationship with father and son? What tips could you give me? And he says, you know, a son and a father go through three phases. Phase number 1, you idolize them.

Donald Trump: OK.

Patrick Bet-David: Phase 2, you demonize them. Phase 3, you humanize them. OK?

Donald Trump: Very interesting.

Patrick Bet-David: I'm like very interesting like that you go through that or you go from, you know, idolize, "Oh, my God, I want to be like my dad when I grow up. You know what, you don't ever believe in me. What can I do to make you proud? Like man, I don't know that he was going through that kind of stuff. I should have never said this and that. I'm totally messed up, right?"

Patrick Bet-David: For you, there is one of the talks you're given which, you know, I understand, you know, earlier, a mentor of mine told me never show hurt, never show pain, always be in the offensive, killer instinct, attack, you know. So, it's like, yeah. You know, I'm a competitor. I'm a fierce guy. I'm going to get into business and insurance.

Patrick Bet-David: They didn't like me because I was building an agency, 60,000 insurance agents nationwide. We sold it. I got a fat check, 88 percent owner. You know, I realized there's a part of you you got to stay tough, but then there are some parts you're like wait a minute, I can't be tough with everybody, right? You know, you're in -- I want to say -- is this Glendale, Rob? I don't know where it's at.

Patrick Bet-David: This is last year, September. If you can play this clip, Rob. This is the first time where I watched you and I said, wow -- OK, this is South -- so this is Rapid City, South Dakota. You're speaking. And all of a sudden, you have this moment. If you can play this clip. I want to get a reaction to this. Go for it, Rob. [Begin videotape]

Donald Trump: And help build America into the greatest nation in the history of the world. [Applause] [Audience member calls out "We love you."] [End videotape]

Patrick Bet-David: Forty-five seconds, you're holding yourself back.

Donald Trump: Well, let me explain. So, I think I'm the only politician that ever spoke to music before, and I do that sometimes at the end of some of the rallies. That was a big rally. We had a lot of people. We have a lot of people at all the rallies. I had 100,000 people in Butler, more than 100 -- the other day, a couple of weeks ago.

Donald Trump: And we had -- in California just this last week, we had 107,000 people. So, we got big crowds. And sometimes, I do my final remarks with music. Now, I always get -- I don't know if emotional or angry, more angry than emotional because I don't -- you know -- and I'm not sure I want to admit emotional.

Donald Trump: But no, I -- I tend to wait when -- when the music goes on, I tend to wait maybe 30 seconds, maybe 20 seconds. So, I mean, I don't want to spoil your thing, but I want to be honest. No, it wasn't emotion. It is sort of anger, which is, of course, an emotion. But my closings for the rallies, sometimes I play that music, and I talk about how bad we're doing, how badly -- we're doing terribly as a country.

Donald Trump: We're a third-world nation. Look, we are a nation in decline. I mean, we are in serious decline. And now, on top of it, they're allowing all these people to come in, and it's not sustainable, etc., etc. And I go into that during this. It's a different rally -- it's a different rally speech. I used to go right from my regular speech and then the music would come on and I didn't like it.

Donald Trump: Now, I -- the music comes on and I wait 20 or 30. So, I don't want to ruin your thing, but that's actually --

Patrick Bet-David: You know why I'm asking you?

Donald Trump: You know, I'd like to say --

Patrick Bet-David: You know I'm asking the question?

Donald Trump: I would like to say I was crying, like I said, but I didn't.

Patrick Bet-David: Can I ask you -- can I -- here's why I'm asking a question.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Patrick Bet-David: I'm asking a question because I think your life with Americans has been that.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Patrick Bet-David: I think you were idolized for decades, decades. Then you were demonized. And I don't know when I watch, you know, Nixon at his wife's funeral. You see him, you know, like, this guy's got feeling --

Donald Trump: Yeah, right. The first time.

Patrick Bet-David: For Pat. Yeah. When you see Reagan --

Donald Trump: Yeah, that was --

Patrick Bet-David: When you see Putin, when -- as one of his friends -- when you see some of the most -- Michael Jordan was a killer instinct. When his father -- when I -- when I -- when I think about -- we don't have to play this. When I think about you, a lot of the folks I talk to, I'm like, man, this guy, does this guy have feelings? Is he like that cold all the time? Is he that competitive that it's always never show hurt, never show emotion? Is he like that even at this phase? Like, can I get an ounce of feeling from the guy that I can sit there and say, man, I want to humanize this guy.

Patrick Bet-David: This guy is like me. Why am I expecting this guy to walk on water? I don't know, you know -- I think -- I think there's an opportunity for the American people to go through that with you --

Donald Trump: I know.

Patrick Bet-David: And to experience that. And by the way, if you say --

Donald Trump: And -- and there's nothing wrong with it.

Patrick Bet-David: Right.

Donald Trump: I -- I don't personally think that the American people want to see -- especially at this point, our country is doing badly, I don't personally think they want to see a president that cries. I mean --

Patrick Bet-David: I'm not saying cry. I'm not at all talking about crying. This is not at all about crying. This isn't one of those moments like, hey, let's --

Donald Trump: Oh, I know.

Patrick Bet-David: The goal is to get him to cry. It's not that. It's to see a side where somebody says, "Ah, you know what, I'm -- I'm going to vote for this guy."

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Patrick Bet-David: I'm going to support this guy.

Donald Trump: Yeah. No, I understand it. And certainly, there could be that time. Look, I'm very sad by what's happened to this country. We're not respected anymore. We're not -- we will be respected very soon. It won't take that long. But we have to fix our country. Our country is broken. This has been the worst president and vice president in history.

Donald Trump: And now, she's, you know, running for president. And if for some reason she won -- and I believe the only reason they can win -- I -- I really believe that. I -- I don't think people would vote for her. I just don't believe it can happen. But I think -- you know, Elon Musk says it better than anybody.

Donald Trump: He says our country is finished, essentially. He said it would be finished. Very smart guy. A lot of people say that. A lot of people say this will be our last election. You know, you've heard that, too.

Patrick Bet-David: I -- listen, for -- for -- for --

Donald Trump: It's so bad what they're doing to our country on the borders. It's so bad what they're doing with the money, the billions and billions of dollars. I think Zelenskyy is one of the greatest salesman I've ever seen. Every time he comes in, we give him $100 billion. Who else got that kind of money in history? There's never been.

Donald Trump: And that doesn't mean I don't want to help him because I feel very badly for those people, but he should never have let that war start. That war is loser. Ukraine, remember, is not Ukraine anymore. Every city almost is knocked down to the ground. All those beautiful golden domes are laying on their side, smashed to smithereens.

Donald Trump: There's no city. You go into the city and every building is demolished. It looks like a demolition crew went through. They've been hit by missiles. This should have been settled before it started. It could have -- it would have been so easy. If we had a president with half a brain, it would have been easy to settle.

Donald Trump: And I'm not -- you know, everyone would say, "Oh, this is terrible. He's blaming Biden." Well, I do largely blame Biden. If you watch his words, his words were the exact opposite of what he should have been saying. He instigated that war. And he got Putin -- there's no angel in Putin. There's no angel.

Donald Trump: But everything Biden said was wrong. That should have never happened. I'm telling you, Patrick, that war, if I were president, zero -- even Democrats admit it. And you know what, it didn't happen for four years. And it was never going to happen. And yet, I will tell you, I spoke to Putin often about it, I said, "Don't ever do it."

Donald Trump: But Ukraine was the apple of his eye. And when he saw how incompetently the -- our country -- our country, our -- our president, our stupid generals like Milley, who's a stupid person, when he saw how incompetent we were in Afghanistan, the most embarrassing moment in the history of our country, I believe, when he looked at that, he said, "Trump is gone. These people are idiots. I'm going to go in to take the apple of my eye."

Donald Trump: Would have never happened if I was there. And this has been very interesting being with you.

Patrick Bet-David: Likewise.

Donald Trump: My son is right about you, very, very good.

Patrick Bet-David: I've really enjoyed it, Mr. President. Thank you for making the time to be here with us.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Patrick Bet-David: Yes.

Donald Trump: It's a great honor. We'll do it again.

Patrick Bet-David: Likewise. Looking forward to it.

Donald Trump: Good. Thank you very much.

Patrick Bet-David: Thank you. Appreciate it.

Donald Trump: Thank you.