Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-steve-gruber-real-americas-voice-june-13-2024

Steve Gruber: But today, he's right here with me. Mr. president, thank you so much for being here.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much, Steve. Great honor. Thank you.

Steve Gruber: So, let's talk just for a moment about those convictions. Now, that you've had time to let it sink in, what are your thoughts two weeks on?

Donald Trump: Well, nobody can even believe it. There was no crime. Everything was done perfectly. The -- they came up with something through a -- really a concoction of different events. And it turned out that it's absolutely, there's no crime. If you look at Dershowitz, Alan Dershowitz and all of the great legal minds that, you know, they comment on this stuff, and you could go one after the other, there are a lot of them, everybody agrees there was no crime.

Donald Trump: There is no crime whatsoever. And it's a terrible thing that happened with the judge, those prosecutors, Soros prosecutor who got elected on "I will get Trump."

Steve Gruber: Sure.

Donald Trump: And nothing was done wrong. You know, if you look at it, legal, they talk about the bookkeeping. We pay a legal fee to a lawyer who was an accredited lawyer, and you pay a legal fee, and they call it a legal expense. So, it's -- a legal expense is paid to a lawyer with a bill from the lawyer out in the open, and they called it in the books a legal expense.

Donald Trump: They didn't call it construction. They didn't -- everyone says, what else would you call it? There is nothing else you could call it. And that's the crime?

Steve Gruber: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And it's it's terrible. It's the weaponization and the Justice --

Steve Gruber: It's not what America is supposed to be.

Donald Trump: No. It's terrible. And the Justice Department is involved in it, even though it's local. The Justice Department's been totally involved in it, and everybody knows that. And we can't let this happen to our country. There was no crime. And every single -- it looks like every single legal genius, every single scholar, they're saying -- and people that don't necessarily even like me said this is a terrible thing that's happening to our country.

Donald Trump: There is no crime here.

Steve Gruber: I agree with that. It's a terrible thing.

Donald Trump: There is no crime whatsoever.

Steve Gruber: Terrible thing. So, OK. So, here's the next part of the game, scheduling your sentencing hearing for July the 11th, four days before the opening of the Republican National Convention in Milwaukee this year. What are your concerns looking at that from this -- this many weeks out?

Donald Trump: Well, I can't be concerned. I have, you know, a big campaign that's running. We're doing very well. We're leading in all the polls. Because of this rigged -- rigged situation. It was a rigged, horrible thing. As you know, you've been reading, the fundraising has been stronger than probably anybody in history.

Donald Trump: There's never been anything like this, the money that came in. And it came in from the time that this was announced. Literally from that time till present, the numbers are just monumental. It's such an honor. And as you know, the poll numbers have been very good because people understand it. It's politics, and it's the worst form of politics.

Donald Trump: It's a rigged -- it's election interference. That's all they're doing. They're trying to win the election with the worst candidate ever.

Steve Gruber: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Biden is the worst president in the history of our country.

Steve Gruber: And your numbers --

Donald Trump: And he's destroying our country. Yeah, with millions of people coming in totally unchecked, unvetted with all of the things he's done, think about Afghanistan, that disaster that the press doesn't want to talk about --

Steve Gruber: Just terrible. Yeah.

Donald Trump: The whole thing, he just -- he just can't be a worse president. And we have to win. They're trying to rig it by doing these fake cases and everything else that they're doing. And if you think about it, they want to raise your taxes times four -- by four times. They want to raise everybody's taxes. They want to let millions of people into our country.

Donald Trump: They've already let 16 million, 17 million, 18 million in. And over the next few months, I mean, we're in big trouble over the next --

Steve Gruber: We are in trouble. But as you point out --

Donald Trump: But as I just see that now --

Steve Gruber: As you point out --

Donald Trump: I just see that now, Russia --

Steve Gruber: The numbers are great.

Donald Trump: Is now -- has ships off Miami. I mean --

Steve Gruber: No. I see that.

Donald Trump: What's going on with that? They have ships right next to Miami in Cuba, including submarines.

Steve Gruber: Right. Russia does -- launching missiles and so forth.

Donald Trump: What is going on here?

Steve Gruber: Yeah, it's terrible, but you're exactly right about your numbers right now. I've got brand-new numbers, just came out earlier today. You're leading in Pennsylvania by two. You're leading in Arizona by six. You're leading in the general election by two, three, four points, depending on where you look. You're leading in all the swing states, including Michigan.

Steve Gruber: Close here, but you are winning. And that means that your message is resonating. I mean, it's a simple question that Ronald Reagan started with, are you better off today than you were four years ago? And the answer, quite convincingly, is no we are not. And then you look at Virginia is in play. New Hampshire is in play.

Steve Gruber: Minnesota hasn't been won by a Republican since 1972. It's a two-point race right now. I mean, you're neck and neck in that thing.

Donald Trump: Right. It's been amazing to watch. And, you know, when people say, how do you take this? It's so -- I've had such support. I've never had support like this. And again, we did great in 2016. We did much better, millions of votes more in 2020. But this blows them both away, the level of support and the level of enthusiasm.

Donald Trump: And they have no enthusiasm. I mean, the guy is a disaster. He's a disaster. The worst president in the history of our country. He's destroying our country. So, we have to win. And, you know, don't kid yourself. This five months is a very dangerous time in terms of a World War III.

Steve Gruber: It is.

Donald Trump: In terms of a depression. He's 00 he's just a horrible -- he has no clue as to what's happening.

Steve Gruber: And a lot of problems. I want to talk about another trial that, obviously, has been in the headlines. Hunter Biden now been convicted, and the laptop from hell has been verified as genuine by the Department of Justice, meaning the New York Post was right and you were right. But the media lied about it for years.

Donald Trump: Right.

Steve Gruber: To me, most notably, they lied in your face. Lesley Stahl, I remember this interview from 60 Minutes. She sat right there and almost mocked you for saying, "Lesley, of course it's true." What do you make of it now?

Donald Trump: Well, she should apologize. She was so strident, and I'll never forget that. And, you know, like, "Oh, this was Russia, this was Russia." How about the 51 intel agents, intelligence agents? They ought to -- every one of them ought to apologize and then drop out of government. And they knew they were lying.

Donald Trump: They knew 100% they were lying. So, it turned out that now, it turned out that this was Hunter. And everybody knew that anyway. This wasn't from Russia. They said, oh, this came -- this was made up fabricated stuff from Russia, had nothing to do -- but those 51 intel agents -- and it was right before the election.

Donald Trump: And, you know, probably had an impact. But we had we had plenty of votes.

Steve Gruber: Sure.

Donald Trump: I mean, look, we had plenty of votes. We had so many votes. But we're going to have a lot more votes. You know, we say too big to rig, but they'll try and rig it. But we're going to have them -- I think we're cornered.

Steve Gruber: Oh, well they're in a full --

Donald Trump: But they're bad people. They hate our country.

Steve Gruber: They're in a full-blown panic, no question. You know -- but I want to stay on this theme for just a moment. Speaking of you being vindicated, and really, we could do this all day. Things that you said that were attacked by the media that turned out to be spot on, now, we have all seen this tape in the last 24 hours, Nancy Pelosi admitting in the back of her suburban the failure of having the National Guard ready on January the 6th was her fault.

Steve Gruber: She says so, now, she's saying it's revisionist history. But it's on tape. There's Nancy. You offered 10,000 National Guard troops. It was rejected. Another infamous interview with Kirsten Welker of NBC news, where she basically mocked you. But what do you say now that you see Nancy Pelosi saying she should have done more, this was her responsibility?

Donald Trump: Well, she lied, and this was amazing because it was a tape. Her daughter, no matter where you go, you see the daughter following her. You know, they probably want to make some money with documentaries. But this was not good for her.

Steve Gruber: No.

Donald Trump: And she admits that it was her responsibility, that it was her failure. And I said that from day one. We said a lot of things from day one. Don't forget the unselect committee of political thugs, you know, that committee that was set up with Cheney and with Adam Kinzinger and all Democrats. Think of this.

Donald Trump: They destroyed and they deleted all the information that they had because they had a lot of other information just like the Nancy Pelosi stuff. But Nancy Pelosi's daughter did us a big favor because she's got her mother on tape saying that it was her responsibility, which it was. She was responsible for what happened on January 6th.

Steve Gruber: She certainly was. Now, maybe this comes up during the debate. We're only a couple of weeks away from the first debate. Never had a debate in June. It's what the Biden campaign asked for. Raises a lot of questions. Why do you want it so early? I think I can make some assumptions. But just a couple of weeks away, do you think Joe Biden can actually get up there and pull it off?

Steve Gruber: Audience, no audience, doesn't matter, one-on-one. You know, it's a one-on-one competition to answer questions coherently with you. He doesn't want to stand. He apparently wants to sit. Do you think he can make it through this?

Donald Trump: Well, when you look at them, you'd say no. You know, when he was in Normandy, a lot of the soldiers refused to shake his hand. They didn't want to shake his hand. They said, he's not.-- "We're not shaking his hand. He's not our president." You saw that.

Steve Gruber: Yep.

Donald Trump: And that was loud and clear. They're not -- they're not for him, and he looked like a fool. He looked so bad -- by the way, they were 20 years older than him. They looked a lot better than he did. I don't know -- I don't know what's going to happen. I can say this. If he does make it through, which I think he will, you know, they'll -- they're going to feed him a lot of stuff.

Donald Trump: If -- and we should do a drug test. I'd love to do a drug test beforehand.

Steve Gruber: Well, you have to wonder.

Donald Trump: But if he makes it through, no matter how bad -- no matter how bad he is, they'll say he was great. He was genius. You know that's what they do.

Steve Gruber: Well, of course that's what they'll say. But you look at the state of the union and the way he performed there and then the way he performed in Normandy, for example, these are two different people, very different. But let me ask you this. If Joe Biden has a bad night or is removed from the Democrat ticket for any reason, does that matter to you, or do you just target the policies of the Democrats because they've all been riding with Biden?

Steve Gruber: They voted for all these bad policies, whether it's the border or Bidenomics or the war in Ukraine. Whatever it is they're voting for, the Democrats stick together. So, does it matter to you if Joe Biden wasn't on the ticket because a lot of people speculate he could be gone? Does that matter to you?

Donald Trump: Well, you know, interestingly, they've done polling, and I do better against almost everybody. This guy does better than the Democrats that you're talking about.

Steve Gruber: Right.

Donald Trump: Including Whitmer. He does better than them. I don't quite understand that. I'm a little surprised, but he actually polls better than all of the people that you're talking about. And -- so, they don't -- they don't want to take him off. It depends. Maybe I'm better off losing the debate. I'll make sure he stays.

Donald Trump: I'll lose the debate on purpose. Maybe I'll do something like that, you know. But he really -- I mean, he -- it's very interesting. I've been asked this question. If he does badly, will they take him off the ticket? I don't think so. And let's say he gets through, they'll make it -- like I watched his state of the union.

Donald Trump: And you did. And I've watched other speeches.

Steve Gruber: Sure.

Donald Trump: Every time he gets through a speech, they say what a great speech it was. They were not great.

Steve Gruber: No.

Donald Trump: They were not great.

Steve Gruber: And most of them are terrible. Most of them, terrible.

Donald Trump: So, anyway -- look. All I can do is do the best you can. You can't hold back. You have to do what you have to do.

Steve Gruber: Sure.

Donald Trump: And if they keep them good and they don't keep them -- but isn't it strange that he seems to poll better than the people that you're talking about?

Steve Gruber: To me, that's remarkable. I mean, we see him on the world stage, we see him here at home.

Donald Trump: I think it's remarkable, too.

Steve Gruber: It's remarkable that he pulls better. Shocking, really. I want to shift gears a little bit. I understand you're going to be meeting with Mitch McConnell for the first time in quite a while. Together -- and together, you two got three vacancies filling the Supreme Court. So, you did some great work that was really important and has been ever since you left office.

Steve Gruber: The question is, can you do it again? And what is going to be your message behind closed doors with these Republicans, including Mitch McConnell, on Capitol Hill?

Donald Trump: We have to stick together, and we cannot let them weaponize the Justice Department, the FBI against Republicans, conservatives, Catholics. I don't know what it is with Catholics, but they're really after Catholics. And, you know, maybe you know better than I do, but something happened. And -- but they're after groups of people, Christians generally, and we have to make sure they cannot be allowed to weaponize.

Donald Trump: And basically, the Republicans have to say, look, we've been very unified. I won quickly. I won quicker than anybody's ever won in terms of the nomination.

Steve Gruber: Right.

Donald Trump: I won quickly, decisively. We have tremendous support, much more support than even in '20. You know, '20 was great, and '16 was great. '16, we won. '20, we got millions of more votes. We won. But we have much more support and, I think, even more enthusiasm. And I think a big factor there is we've seen -- we've seen the worst president in history.

Donald Trump: Jimmy Carter was a genius president by comparison to Biden.