Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-chris-salcedo-newsmax-october-12-2024

Chris Salcedo: Mr. President, it's great to see you, sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Chris Salcedo: Thank you. Thank you for taking the time. The vast majority of the American people do not support illegal immigration, yet we can't get Congress to do anything about it. They refuse to put up an effective law that ends illegal immigration effectively into this country. You talked in Aurora about the implementation of the Foreign Enemies Act of 1798 --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Chris Salcedo: To target the illegal aliens streaming into this country from 168 other nations.

Donald Trump: Correct.

Chris Salcedo: Why did you go that route?

Donald Trump: Well, it's been sitting there. People have talked about it. It's been tried, it's held up. It's very old. That's a good thing, not a bad thing. It's been there for a long time, and people haven't used it. But we've never had a country that was abused like our country is being abused now. Nobody probably thought they had to use it.

Donald Trump: I didn't really want to use it when I cleaned up the border in 2016. I probably won the race based on the border. And I got it done. But that border was peanuts compared to this. This is a major. In history, there's never been a border so bad as this. And this is all self-inflicted. What they've done to our country is -- and you cover it very well, but what they've done to our country is not even believable, allowing murderers and drug dealers and everybody to just -- they don't even know who they are.

Donald Trump: All they know is they're murderers, drug dealers. They don't even know they don't know where they are, who they are, they're all over the place. They came into our country totally unvetted, totally unchecked. And it turned out we had 13,099 murderers. We had many drug dealers, many terrorists. We had a year, you saw this Chris, where I was at zero for terrorists coming in.

Donald Trump: Now, I don't even believe that, but this is -- this was done by the Border Patrol, and they had a number zero. The second year, they had 11. We'll take it, right? And -- and let's assume it was a little more than that, but -- but it wasn't much. Now, we have thousands of terrorists coming in. Thousands, they're all over the place.

Donald Trump: And they come in from rough places. So, there's never been a time like this, Chris. Never.

Chris Salcedo: No. And you know what? You took me right where I wanted to go. Some of the -- the byproducts of this lawlessness --

Donald Trump: Right.

Chris Salcedo: That we've been subjected to, DHS inspector general's report revealed that 325,000 illegal alien children --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Chris Salcedo: Have been delivered into sex slavery, forced labor, other atrocities. And even after hearing that report, the US Congress still approved more money to fund this Democrat agenda. What -- what will you do to stop the sexual exploitation of children?

Donald Trump: Well, we're going to stop a lot of things. But you don't really need a bill. All you have to do is say close the border. This is why with Biden, who is the worst president in history -- and she's the worst vice president. Now, here's the difference. She's not as good as him. He's actually better than her.

Donald Trump: This is where we are -- this is where we are. This is not even possible. I think he's probably smarter than she is for one thing. We cannot do this to our country. We've gone through four years of this with people that are incompetent, and we can't do this. But they -- you know, they were getting killed on this issue, the border.

Donald Trump: They want open borders. They forgot to stop -- when they did it about three months ago. They made it a little bit tougher to try and make the numbers. The only thing is they forgot to stop the airplanes that were flying over the border, big Boeing, beautiful planes loaded up with migrants. They have no idea who they are.

Donald Trump: All they know is they were heading toward the middle of our country. And it's almost like a death wish, if you want to really think about it. You know, I always -- I always like to know where does the other side come from. Like in business you want to know, you know, what's their game and you can figure things out.

Donald Trump: Nobody can understand who would be willing to do this. This is the worst thing. To me, this is worse than inflation, and it's worse -- inflation is bad. It's destroying people, but this is -- this is worse. This is destroying our country, the fabric of our country, what they've done. And it's a very tough thing.

Donald Trump: We're going to get it out. We're going to take care of -- we're going to have a big deportation. We're going to get -- we're going to start with the killers and the drug dealers, the murderers. We have so many. But you really say, "How did this happen? How could a thing like this have been allowed to happen? Who would want it?" You know, we call it the party of common sense.

Donald Trump: I do. I don't know if anyone else does, but I do. It's now the party of common sense. Common sense is you don't have an open border with everybody coming in. And it's also common sense for countries. I would have been worse than any of them. Venezuela, all of these countries, not -- all over the world.

Donald Trump: The Congo, a lot of people coming in from the Congo. What's going on in the Congo? Maybe you can tell me. But we have prisoners coming in from the Congo, they're in jails. "Where do you come from?" "Jail." "What did you do?" "We will not tell you." It ain't good, OK? But -- but why would -- who would want this? It's -- I mean, they're destroying our country.

Chris Salcedo: I can't even believe I have to ask this next question because I can't -- I could never imagine having to put disaster response and illegal immigration in the same question, but because --

Donald Trump: Yeah. And those people are not being taken care of. North Carolina is being so badly taken care of by Biden. It's horrible. And her.

Chris Salcedo: And their Democrat governor.

Donald Trump: And she said she'd stick with the policies, OK? So you said 325,000 youth. What you didn't say is most of them are probably dead, never to be seen by their parents again. That, to me, is the greatest -- that's an atrocity. You know, that's a -- that's a -- I mean, look at some of the worst things ever to happen in the world.

Donald Trump: I mean, 325,000 young people, probably mostly dead, or sex trade, or slave -- slavery.

Chris Salcedo: Facilitated by the US government.

Donald Trump: By her. She was the border czar. They were allowed to just come in. And they were brought in totally unvetted, totally unchecked. Nobody knows where they are. So, it's not actually believable. Like, I'll give you another example. To me, it's far less important, but it's very important. Common sense, right? The open borders are big a threat.

Donald Trump: Why would we allow men to play in women's sports? It's like who would do this? So, yesterday, I don't know if you saw it. There was a male volleyball. He transitioned into -- did you see the shot?

Chris Salcedo: Yup.

Donald Trump: That was not a woman hitting that. The woman -- the girl that got hit on the head said, "I've never seen any -- I've been playing for my whole life --"

Chris Salcedo: My alma mater.

Donald Trump: Oh, was it?

Chris Salcedo: Yeah, the Aztecs.

Donald Trump: No, but did you see the power of that shot?

Chris Salcedo: Yeah.

Donald Trump: This was not a normal situation. Hit her right on the head. She's actually -- she was OK.

Chris Salcedo: The crowd --

Donald Trump: Others have been badly hurt.

Chris Salcedo: Crowd gasped when they saw it.

Donald Trump: They couldn't believe it.

Chris Salcedo: They couldn't believe it. Oh, half of most of America can't believe it.

Donald Trump: Amazing. She wasn't hurt badly. The other -- another girl was knocked out, and she never played volleyball again. You know, volleyball is the least of it. You had the boxing, and you had the two people that transitioned. And they both won gold medals. You saw that, right? With the two left jabs, and the girl walked out.

Donald Trump: She said, "I'm not fighting this person." Who would want men to play in women's sports? It's very bad for women. It's very bad -- you know, it demeans women really terribly.

Chris Salcedo: Yes.

Donald Trump: And why do they want this? It's -- the greatest is weightlifting. Take a look at what's happening. Records that haven't been broken in 19 years are being obliterated, you know, like 100 pounds more, you drop a -- they take an eighth of an ounce, an eighth. And they put one on one, one, you know, like -- they'd end up with like a quarter of an ounceful.

Donald Trump: And they've -- for 18 years, the guy comes along and breaks the record by like 112 pounds or something. It's so crazy. It's -- you know, people, if they died and came back, let's say they died 20 years ago and they came back, they'd say, "What the hell is going on?" It's crazy. And there's so many of these things, you know? There's so many of these things.

Donald Trump: I think open borders is just as crazy. We need -- why would we have an open border? You know, the other thing we have that nobody else has? If a person comes onto the border, along the border, and if they just touch the sand on this side, right? Now, of course, I built a -- well, you know I built 571 miles of wall.

Donald Trump: Nobody gives me credit for that. And that's one of the -- I had the -- I had the best border we've ever had. And now, we have the worst border in the history of the world. But if somebody can put their foot right on the sand, congratulations, you have a five-year court case. No other country does that.

Donald Trump: If somebody walks into another country, they take them the hell out, right? If somebody comes into our country, just gets one foot on the sand, get a lawyer, and let's start litigating.

Chris Salcedo: I think Americans are tired of that dynamic.

Donald Trump: I think they are.

Chris Salcedo: And that goes right to what I was going to ask you.

Donald Trump: I actually think it's the biggest thing. And the polls don't bear me up, but I know the polls are wrong. The polls are fake almost like they're -- you know, they say the biggest thing is the economy. And I guess if you add inflation into the economy, it's pretty big, right? But I think, in a way, the biggest thing is what's happening with the border because criminals are coming into our country at a level that we've never seen before, and terrorists.

Donald Trump: They're coming in at a level -- and I actually think that people -- I gave a speech yesterday in Aurora. I went to Aurora where, you know, these thugs are taking over.

Chris Salcedo: Tren de Aragua, yes.

Donald Trump: Oh yeah, that's very good. You did a good job. It's a Venezuela gang. It's a prison gang, starting in a prison, very tough prison. And, of course, they get released into our country because, you know, we take -- you know their prison population is down in half. And to be honest, if I operated Venezuela or any of these countries, Honduras, I could name every one of them, I know every one of them, I actually would have acted faster.

Donald Trump: I'm amazed. They probably ran out of buses. You know what they do? They take buses, load them up, drive them here, dump them in the United States. They tell them, "If you ever come back, we're going to kill you." They do it a little differently. We're not allowed to do that. We have to read somebody their rights all the time. And we have, think of it, 8 million and 99.

Chris Salcedo: Exactly.

Donald Trump: And, you know, that was released by Border Patrol or somebody. Somebody released those numbers. They've never been released before. We were never specific. You know, it was people coming in. And the reason they released them is because they think our country is going to hell. And they think so. So, those numbers were gotten in a way that were very interesting, actually.

Chris Salcedo: Well, despite bragging, the regime bragged how FEMA was diverting -- in 2022, diverting a whole bunch of funds to illegal aliens through the FEMA emergency fund. We've got the White House on record saying that.

Donald Trump: Well, now they're denying everything.

Chris Salcedo: Well, yeah, they've denied it.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Chris Salcedo: And then, they've said you going out there claiming that this is actually going on, that money has been used from the fee of emergency relief fund, that it's you -- you are spreading the disinformation -- the misinformation out there. What's your reaction? They're trying to cover that up.

Donald Trump: Well, look, Biden's incompetent. And the only advantage is that I believe he hates her more than he hates me. And he hates me a lot, all right? But Biden's a grossly incompetent person. I believe she's worse. And it took him a couple of days to think of that one. But here's what's really bad. They got hit with a very bad hurricane, especially North Carolina and parts of Georgia.

Donald Trump: But North Carolina really got hit. I'll tell you what, those people should never vote for a Democrat because they held back aid. They were so bad. But when I was there, a person from North Carolina, an official, said, "You know, Elon Musk?" And I said he happened to endorse me like as good as you can, right? A while ago, but he endorsed me.

Donald Trump: They said, "Well, we need Starlink." And I said, "What's Starlink?" And basically, it's a communication system, a great one. So, I called Elon. I got the system done. And when they were bringing it, they were stopped. Did you hear that? They were stopped. They couldn't bring it. They desperately needed it.

Donald Trump: Because all there was, they had no communication to any place. You know, they were actually cut off by water. It's like -- it's like they were cut off, and they desperately -- and you know, they stopped them from -- it took them two days to get it in. He was going to have it there immediately. So, something is strange going on.

Donald Trump: But if I were from North Carolina, you should not vote for the Democrats because what they did is disgusting, I think. Now, Biden thinks they're doing wonderful, but he doesn't know what wonderful is, you know. He's run a terrible country, and he thinks anything's wonderful. He just wants to, you know, go to sleep at 4 o'clock.

Chris Salcedo: You're getting some support from across the board from many, many areas in the country where Republicans haven't traditionally received support. Let me give an example. TelevisaUnivision revealed Latinos are rejecting the Democrats, their culture of death --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Chris Salcedo: Their open borders and everything you and I have discussed.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Chris Salcedo: In turn, they're, in historic numbers, supporting you. But that's led some left-wing Latinos like NPR's Maria Hinojosa to claim that Hispanics who support Trump want to be "white." Joe Biden said, "If you don't know whether you're for me or you're for Trump, then you ain't Black." What do you think about a Democrat that would rob an American of their heritage simply because that American doesn't want to vote? Well, they're probably racist to start off with.

Chris Salcedo: Biden is probably racist, but they're probably racist to start off with. I heard him when he made that remark a while ago, and it was a -- you know, it was a stupid remark then. And actually, it wasn't well received by Black people at all. But look, we have a country, we have to get it back, we have to get control.

Chris Salcedo: When I was in the debate with him first, but then when I had the debate with her, it was a great debate. I thought it was a great debate. But I did have 3 on 1. I probably had 2 on 1 because they were much tougher than she was. And they said things that were like -- they said -- when I said crime is rampant.

Chris Salcedo: And David Muir, total lightweight, total lightweight, I don't watch him anymore, but he said, "Crime is down." And I said, "You know, I don't know where you come from, but I don't have to look at a piece of paper to say crime is way up." "No, crime is down. The FBI reported it." "Oh, great. The FBI reported it."

Chris Salcedo: First of all, they didn't report -- you know, when they were doing the crime stats, they didn't include lots of areas that were heavily crime. I think they didn't include Chicago. They didn't include areas -- and even then, it was even or something, right? I said, "No, crime is up." And it turned out, the next day, they released crime numbers, it was up 45 percent.

Chris Salcedo: But I haven't gotten an apology from David Muir or ABC. And I think one other thing while we're with you, I think the CBS scandal with "60 Minutes," I think it's the worst thing I've ever heard in broadcasting history. She's incompetent. She gave a ridiculous answer. Somebody over there probably spoke with -- I'm sure the Democrats spoke to him.

Chris Salcedo: They wanted that answer removed and replaced with another answer. So, they took the answer out, and they put another answer in that they took from an entirely different part of her speech to make her look better. I've never heard of stuff like this before. And I think that CBS -- I think that "60 Minutes" should go off the air.

Chris Salcedo: I think it's the worst broadcast scandal I've ever heard. It's not journalism. They don't do journalism over --

Donald Trump: Well, it's also election interference. It also is license-threatening. You know, they have a license from -- that's not cable. Here, they have a license from the federal government. And they pay nothing. They pay peanuts. They pay nothing. They should take that license away from CBS. They should absolutely -- they violated the whole covenant of the license.

Donald Trump: They took her answer out, and they gave -- they put -- they put another answer in.

Chris Salcedo: What do you think about their pushing back? They said that that's an attack on the First Amendment, they say.

Donald Trump: Well, they always say that, you know. That has nothing to do with it. No, they're crooked people. They're crooked. They're fake news. I learned that a long time ago. But this is more than fake. This is corrupt news. She gives an answer. It's really bad. So, she'd be exposed as being even dumber than people think she is, right? That answer was crazy.

Donald Trump: They take another answer from another part of the report and didn't use the question. And they put it there, they put it in, and they got caught. That's election interference. It's fraud. It's not fair to me, you know, because they didn't do that to me. I tell you what "60 Minutes" would do to me all the time, they'd shorten my answer.

Donald Trump: I'd give an answer. But all different important parts.

Chris Salcedo: ABC, during your debate, they didn't ask one question about the assassination attempt, the attempt on your life.

Donald Trump: They didn't actually.

Chris Salcedo: What was going through your mind? You tried to talk about it, and they interrupted you, said, "Oh, sorry, out of time." What was going through your mind when they did that to you, number one? And number two, what does -- what ABC has been doing, CBS has been doing, and a lot of the left-wing broadcasters have been doing, what do you think of the state of journalism in the United States with these left wingers in charge? Well, first of all, I didn't want to bring up assassination, but now that you mention it, and other people have mentioned it, it probably should have been brought up.

Chris Salcedo: It's a big thing. They play it down as much as possible. You know, it's a heavy -- it's a heavy deal, assassination. And I ask, "Why didn't they open up the apps?" You know, they have three apps. The first one had three apps. And the second one, I think, had six phones. That's a little unusual. And why haven't they been opened up? Why haven't they opened up? They opened them up for J6.

Chris Salcedo: Why haven't they opened up the phones? And I think a couple of the apps are the first -- you had the two. One had three apps. The other one had, I believe, six cell phones. Why haven't they opened them up? And some were foreign-oriented. And they haven't been able to open them up. So, why? They opened them up on J6, I think, pretty much, right? They had no problem doing that.

Chris Salcedo: So, look, we have a very corrupt country, and we're going to straighten it out. The radical left, what they've done to our country is incredible. What Biden has done, and now I say Kamala, and she -- on the border, it's her. She was border czar. She was put in charge of the border. She never went there.

Chris Salcedo: She went to one location that doesn't count because it was like you'd go there to have dinner with your family, OK? She never went to the border. What they've done to our country with Afghanistan, with inflation, with October 7th, they would have never happened if I was president. Today, Boris Johnson came out, and he made a strong statement and he said -- and he was right there, he said -- he knows all the players very well, "If Trump were president, Ukraine would have never been attacked by Russia," which is true.

Chris Salcedo: I've said that many times. It would have -- they would have never attacked. I get along well with Putin. He would have never attacked. Think of all those dead people. They're dead. All those cities are destroyed. I mean, they're just -- you know, it's just, it's a demolition site. The whole place is like a demolition site.

Chris Salcedo: Those beautiful towers of gold, you know, they're lying on their side smashed. All of that stuff would have never happened. Afghanistan would have never happened. We were getting out, but we were getting out with strength and with dignity. And we don't take the military out first, you take the military out last.

Chris Salcedo: They took the military -- and they should have used Bagram to get out, not this little local airport. But importantly, you know who owns Bagram right now? You know who took it over? China. China.

Donald Trump: And the reason we should have stayed at Bagram was because it's an hour away from where China makes its nuclear weapons. So, here's the sad part. We had a situation where, many years ago, we spent billions and billions building the longest runways, the strongest runways, thick, can land anything on those runways, right? It's very hard to do and very expensive.

Donald Trump: We just gave it to China. And we gave billions of dollars worth of military equipment, and we lost 13 great people. And we had many obliterated, too. Nobody ever talks about --

Chris Salcedo: And we left thousands of vetted Afghan allies --

Donald Trump: Yup.

Chris Salcedo: And American citizens behind to the --

Donald Trump: That's right. We left Americans --

Chris Salcedo: To the Democrats.

Donald Trump: And Afghans behind, yeah.

Chris Salcedo: Let's turn -- let's turn to the economy because you brought it up a couple of times. Americans are grateful. You want to -- you want to cut taxes on --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Chris Salcedo: On tips --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Chris Salcedo: On car interest, social security, etc. But the debt, the national interest on the debt now is that the interest, we're paying more on that debt --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Chris Salcedo: Than the national -- than we're spending on national defense.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Chris Salcedo: Productivity, we can't reach full productivity, you know this better than anybody.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Chris Salcedo: We can't get beyond 2 to 3 percent growth in this country because of this massive $36 trillion debt and --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Chris Salcedo: And you can't grow your way out of $36 trillion of debt. So, with you proposing these -- these tax cuts, are you acknowledging that we -- we don't have an under taxation problem? We have a government overspending problem.

Donald Trump: No, we have a government incompetence problem. We're going to bring companies back through a system of tariffs, taxes, and protection, protection of the companies that come in so that they can't be pillaged. We're going to bring thousands of companies back. We allow them to be stolen from us. They went to Mexico, they went to China.

Donald Trump: By the way, Mexico is a big threat. Do you know, I've been talking about China building big car companies in Mexico, right? You know what I found out yesterday? Because I was in Detroit at the Economic Forum, and I talked about cars. We're going to bring car manufacturing back. But I have a friend who builds plants, and he's building big ones in Mexico.

Donald Trump: And I saw him the other day, and I've been talking about this for a year because it's horrible. Do you know what happened? When they saw that I was bringing up the subject, they stopped building the plants. How about that? Those big plants, the biggest in the world. They said if Trump's president, and they stopped. You know who it was? China.

Chris Salcedo: China.

Donald Trump: China in Mexico building plants, all work has stopped. I consider that a great thing. I'm sure Mexico's not thrilled. I consider it a --

Chris Salcedo: Sure. Last thing I have for you, Mr. President. And until number of lives have been saved, after you put Supreme Court justices in place --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Chris Salcedo: That returned the abortion debate to the states, yet depending on whatever estimates you read, 20 to 40 million Christians did not vote their values in the 2020 election. What are you in the campaign in the final weeks here doing to turn those 20 to 40 million Christians into Trump voters?

Donald Trump: Well, they're going to have to do what they want. But when you look at the alternative, this is the worst. Our country is going to be destroyed. And I was able to get what everybody wanted for 40 -- actually 52 to be exact. For 52 years, they wanted Roe v. Wade brought back to the states. And I believe in the exceptions for life of the mother and rape and incest.

Donald Trump: But for 52 years, they wanted it back, and I was able to do that. Every legal scholar, every Democrat, every Republican, every conservative and liberal, they wanted it back. And they wanted to be back in the states and the vote of the people. So, Ronald Reagan believed in the exceptions. I believe in the exceptions.

Donald Trump: And we have it there. And now they're voting. And you're going to see something because this issue was tearing our country apart, tearing our country apart. And I think I'm getting all of the Christian vote. How could a Christian vote for it? I've had -- I have such endorsements. I have so many people supporting me.

Donald Trump: I was watching the other day Robert Jeffress. I had so many people on television say we have to vote for Trump, almost universal support. Because if you look at her, she's against religion, absolutely. He was, too. Biden was bad. But he wasn't like -- you know, this one's bad. This one's a Marxist. She's a Marxist.

Donald Trump: Her father was a Marxist. And he was a professor of Marxist economics, OK, which is an interesting term. Very interesting term. Explain what that means exactly. And I wonder what happened to him because I'd love to hear from him. I would love to hear from the father. He's probably a good guy. But nobody ever talks about the father.

Donald Trump: If it was me, they'd be talking about, "Let's go and interview the father." Did you ever hear the mainstream media say, "Let's talk to her father?" But I'm doing very well with Christians, very well --evangelicals, they love Trump. I think I'm at 88 percent or something like that. I hope they vote. You know, Christians, evangelicals have a very low -- I'm talking over a 50-year period.

Donald Trump: They have a very low percentage of voting, very unfortunate. You know who else does? Gun owners. If you go NRA, the gun owners, if they voted, we could never lose. Gun owners don't vote, meaning they vote at like 15 or 16 percent. If they ever voted, we could never lose an election. Same thing with Christians.

Donald Trump: They vote. They just -- they go to church, but they don't vote. They have to vote. It's so important.

Chris Salcedo: Mr. President, thank you for the time.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.