Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-ben-shapiro-podcast-october-8-2024

Ben Shapiro: President Donald Trump, Mr. President, it's an honor to have you on the line. Thanks so much for joining the show, really appreciate it.

Donald Trump: Well, very good, Ben. How are you doing?

Ben Shapiro: Thank God, doing well. I want to -- I want to start by asking you, Mr. President, what you're hearing on the ground from North Carolina. You've really been criticizing the Biden-Harris administration for their response to the fallout from Hurricane Helene. You've obviously been on the ground in places like Georgia during this.

Ben Shapiro: What are you hearing on the ground in North Carolina?

Donald Trump: Well, I was in North Carolina, and I got a pretty good dose because they asked me if I could help them with Elon Musk, who's a friend of mine and endorsed me. And I said, "Yeah, I think I can. What do you need?" And they said we need the Starlink, which is a big deal, because they had no communication whatsoever.

Donald Trump: They said that there was just no FEMA. You virtually don't see anybody from FEMA. You're seeing a lot of private people going around and helping, but they can't help like FEMA could if they did it right. And they're very upset with what's happening with the federal government, as you probably have also heard. It's pretty sad, actually.

Ben Shapiro: You know, Mr. President Kamala Harris has been now putting pressure on Ron DeSantis for some reason. She seems to want to both suggest that she's in charge of hurricane response and also not in charge of hurricane response. So, Hurricane Milton is obviously bearing down on Florida, your home state, and it's slated to be catastrophic.

Ben Shapiro: But Kamala has been busy ripping Ron DeSantis, the governor of Florida. She said yesterday that he was supposedly ignoring her phone calls. He's saying he didn't. She doesn't head up FEMA anyway. Why do you think she's playing politics with this hurricane?

Donald Trump: No, I think Ron is doing a good job. I see him all over television. He's all over the place. I left Florida last night, and it was starting to get nasty already. This is going to be a big one. And, you know, they're in trouble with Helene in North Carolina, Georgia, a lot of other places. And now, you look at this one coming in.

Donald Trump: And the woman doesn't know what she's doing. I watched her. I got to watch last night, 60 Minutes. And she -- she answers questions like a child. This is not a president. She's answering questions in the most basic way and getting killed over it. And every time she does an interview, she sounds like a child. She sounds like a person with a very low IQ.

Ben Shapiro: You know, Mr. President, you were the person in charge. When you're the person in charge, you take the responsibility.

Donald Trump: Right.

Ben Shapiro: She has been steadfastly avoiding all responsibility throughout all of this and basically throwing it off to President Biden who is not there. He's been missing in action for months. That's the reason they pulled him out of the race because you were destroying him in the race. They pulled him out because he wasn't mentally competent.

Ben Shapiro: He's still not mentally competent. But Kamala Harris has not invoked the 25th Amendment. Does she have a responsibility to invoke the 25th Amendment to oust him from office and actually take responsibility for the administration at this point?

Donald Trump: Actually, now that you're mentioning it, I think they should do a double 25th Amendment, just get them both out. Who's third on line? Because it's just terrible. This has got to be the worst administration --

Ben Shapiro: The speaker, Mike Johnson. Yeah.

Donald Trump: Right? No, this has got to be the worst administration ever. They both don't know what the hell they're doing. And by the way, she is really blaming it on him. You know, I have some friends obviously over there in the White House. And you have a lot of friends on both sides. But I have friends -- he is so angry at her, and she's trying to distance herself.

Donald Trump: She doesn't want anything to do with him. And, you know, he -- it was a coup to start off with, OK? So, she's not exactly thrilled with that. But I actually think -- I actually think he'd be doing as well as her. Let's see what happens. We have to see how it rounds out. But she had her honeymoon period now.

Donald Trump: She's supposed to be doing things that, you know, you're supposed to be doing. And she's not -- she's not -- he's just doing a terrible job, and she's doing a terrible job on the storms, these hurricanes that are coming in. And they are big ones. And just totally missing in action and always doing the wrong interview at the wrong time. You got to speak to like people Ben Shapiro --

Ben Shapiro: You know, Mr. President, you mentioned --

Donald Trump: You have to speak to Ben Shapiro, not the people that she's speaking to. She's speaking to these people about teddy bears. I just -- it's just so bad. It's so sad for our country.

Ben Shapiro: We'll get some more with President Trump in a moment. First, Kamala Harris' economic plan, if you can even call it a plan, is a disaster. Get ready for giant tax hikes and almost 40 percent top income tax rate, 7 percent increase to the corporate tax. And she has even proposed a ridiculous capital gains tax on unrealized gains, which would just destroy the economy.

Ben Shapiro: All of that, so she can add almost $2 trillion to the current $2 trillion deficit. You might be thinking it's time to make more of your savings tax-sheltered and inflation-sheltered. This is where I trust the good people at Birch Gold Group to help you the way they help me. Birch Gold will assist you in converting an existing IRA, or 401k into an IRA in gold.

Ben Shapiro: The best news, you don't pay a penny out of pocket. Just text the word BEN to 989898. Get a free info kit on gold. There is no obligation, just information on fortifying your savings before the crazy really hits. As the exclusive gold partner of the Daily Wire for the past eight years, they've got an A+ rating with the Better Business Bureau and thousands of happy customers.

Ben Shapiro: You can trust Birch Gold as well. Text BEN to the number 989898 for your free info kit today. That's BEN to the number 989898. Go check them out right now. Text BEN to 989898 to get started with my friends at Birch Gold. And, Mr. President, this is slated to be the closest presidential race in modern American history.

Ben Shapiro: Every single swing state, about seven swing states right now, all polling within margin of error. Obviously, it's all going to come down to turnout at this point. You're a turnout machine, you get your base out. How confident are you in your campaign's get out the vote efforts? Because we've been hearing a lot of information on the ground, some sort of good, some not as good, about, you know, the ability to get votes out.

Ben Shapiro: Because Democrats are professionals at ballot harvesting and doing everything else that they can to get those ballots in, however they have to do it.

Donald Trump: Well, they're the greatest cheaters, and they do cheat. And we had -- we got hit with now two hurricanes. And, you know, we were leading Florida by a lot, and I suspect that will stay that way. We have a big lead in Florida. And in North Carolina, we were leading solidly. We -- I've won it twice, and, you know, it looked like we were going to win it reasonably easily.

Donald Trump: So there's a little bit of a, you know, purplish state, I think, because you have a -- you know, you have a governor, you have a senator, you have -- you have different things that are -- make it purple, but I had no problem with it. I did -- I've always done well. Nobody can really predict what these storms are having.

Donald Trump: I'd like to say to you, oh, this is, you know, something that -- and I hate to say help because people are dying and they're dying. And that's more important than anything we're talking about, actually. But -- but representation is very important, and representation for the country is -- is so important.

Donald Trump: We're going so wrong, and people are dying on a national level at all different things, including the border, etc., etc. But the storms, I can say we have a great team, we have great people. They don't cheat, and the other side does. You know, when they get ready -- I was mentioning to a group yesterday, when they're getting ready for a campaign, they start working on cheating.

Donald Trump: Remember, they spied on my campaign long before I was even assured to be in. I mean -- and it's all documented and perfectly documented, but they spied on my campaign. It was one of the first things -- it's the first time I heard about, you know, their ways. So, we should be -- we should win. And the other thing is for whatever reason, I don't know, good, bad, or indifferent, poll numbers haven't been very accurate in me, and they tend to be low.

Donald Trump: Like with Hillary, I was given a 3 percent chance, and then won quite easily. When you look at other poll numbers, I -- you know, I've tended to poll very low. And -- and I'm leading in every poll, I'm leading in every poll, and I'm leading all of the swing states. And, you know, there are those that say how can anybody take this, the incompetence of what they're doing with the hurricanes.

Donald Trump: And we have another one coming. And I mean, I think Ron's going to do a very good job and maybe save them, but -- but they're not going to do anything. They're just incompetent. She is grossly incompetent. You know, Biden was incompetent. She is equally incompetent. And in a certain way, she is more incompetent.

Donald Trump: But -- so I think that when you see the numbers, you may very well see much higher numbers. You know, with -- a lot of people say, it could be -- because they go out and they see signs. They see Trump signs on every single -- every single house, every -- all over the place. And they're saying, "You know, it just doesn't feel like it's that close to the election."

Donald Trump: Now, I don't know, and you always have to assume -- you know, assume you're losing by one point because that's probably the best way to run, just run right till the end. You know, I've worked about 28 days in a row. I have about 29 days left, whatever it may be, 29. And I'm not taking any days off. I'm -- you know, I've just -- I just feel -- I would feel guilty if I took a day off, OK? I would feel very you -- you would also -- I know you -- your work habits are right up there, and you would, too.

Donald Trump: But I did -- I do tend to poll much differently than the end result. If you remember the first one where I --

Ben Shapiro: Right.

Donald Trump: Was actually called 17 points down in Wisconsin, and I won it. You remember that? That was ABC, Washington Post, two real --

Ben Shapiro: I remember that.

Donald Trump: Yeah, two real sleazebag organizations. And they had me down two days before the election, 17 points. And I had just left. I had 35,000 people at a rally going crazy in Wisconsin. And then, I won. And I said to a pollster, "How come, John --" I said to John McLaughlin actually, Ben, "How come they could do that? Why can they do -- why don't they make it three or four points? At least they save credibility."

Donald Trump: And he said, "No, three or four points, people vote. When you're 17 points down, people say, 'You know what, I like Trump a lot, but we're not going to vote.'" I said, "It's that way." And I never forgot it. I was 17 points down, and I ended up winning Wisconsin two days later. And a lot of -- a lot of what you see is false.

Donald Trump: It's really -- it's really terrible. The whole system is just a terrible system actually.

Ben Shapiro: So, Mr. President, yesterday, I had the chance -- it was really an honor to introduce you to the family of an American citizen currently being held hostage by Hamas in the Gaza Strip. That citizen's name is Edan Alexander. I want to thank you for that. The family was very grateful to you, obviously, for taking the time to meet with them.

Ben Shapiro: And, you know, it was really a meaningful experience. I wonder if you wanted to say something about the situation for that family and the other families like them.

Donald Trump: I thought, from a religious standpoint, it was so beautiful. I had not been that aware. As you know, I'm not Jewish, but I grew up in a Jewish neighborhood to put it mildly with my father being a Brooklyn builder. I knew lots of Jewish people almost exclusively, if you want to know the truth. But I thought it was a beautiful -- you know, I was explained the whole thing and how it worked.

Donald Trump: And it was very -- actually, it was very beautiful, ceremonial. And I got to meet the family, and they were great. The young brother is very close to his brother who's hopefully somewhere right now. I mean, they -- they really don't know. The sad -- it must be almost harder when they just don't know.

Donald Trump: They're not sure whether or not he's alive or not alive. They think he is. But, you know, being alive over there now is rough stuff. And -- and before, it was rough, but now it's probably even rougher. And whatever I can do -- and you know this, whatever I can do, I'll do for them. And let's see what happens, and maybe I'll be able to help them, and hopefully it's resolved a long before that.

Donald Trump: But I could see the family is just going through hell. It is very, very sad to see. But they were getting great backup from some very good people over there that you and I got to meet.

Ben Shapiro: More with President Trump in a moment. First, October 7th, yesterday, marked the one-year anniversary of the worst attack on Jews since the Holocaust: 1,200 Israelis were murdered, over 250 were taken hostage. The war in Israel continues to rage on today. Earlier this month, of course, Iran launched a massive barrage of nearly 200 ballistic missiles at the Holy Land.

Ben Shapiro: This isn't just another conflict in the Middle East. Israel and its people are facing attacks from enemies on all sides who want to wipe it out. But there is hope. The International Fellowship of Christians and Jews is on the ground providing food, shelter, and safety to those in need during this crisis.

Ben Shapiro: Since the war started, thousands of reservists, everyday Israeli citizens have left their families to serve their country. Soldiers have been injured. Their families need our support. Your gift of $45 today helps the fellowship provide food and other necessities to these families to help them survive.

Ben Shapiro: Here's what I need you to do right now. Go to benforthefellowship.org, that's benforthefellowship.org to make a gift today. In the face of these many threats, the fellowship's ongoing work providing security to Israelis has never been more important. Remember, that's benforthefellowship.org. God bless and thank you.

Ben Shapiro: Benforthefellowship.org. Yeah, Mr. President, I wanted to ask you about your foreign policy. So, obviously, you're the first president in my lifetime didn't launch any major wars, weren't engaged in any major wars around the world during your entire term. The legacy media have, of course, suggested that you're a tool of the Russians.

Ben Shapiro: Kamala said yesterday that Vladimir Putin would have taken Kyiv if you were president. And then, some people, even on our side, seem to suggest that you're some sort of total isolationist, want to slash the military. You and Senator Vance have said that your foreign policy is peace through strength. Can you describe what your second-term foreign policy will look like?

Donald Trump: Yeah, number one, he wouldn't have taken Kyiv because he wouldn't have had a war. And you would have had the country just the way it is. I watched her interview, and it was a terrible interview and just a terrible, terrible interview that this person can be leading. She's a very low-intelligence person and that she could be leading this country.

Donald Trump: It's just ridiculous. She's never going to lead the country. Now, other people around her, they're very bad people, and they're not of our persuasion. They're fascists and Marxists and lots of other things. I can say communists because a lot of people don't understand a Marxist. You know, her father is a Marxist.

Donald Trump: And this is -- this is what it is. And our -- our policy is very simple, peace through strength. We had no wars. And I'm not an isolationist. I helped a lot of countries. I kept countries out of war. We had two countries, smaller countries. I can explain it later and I can explain who they are when we're together.

Donald Trump: But they were fighting and they've been fighting for a thousand years, and they go back and forth. And they were going to fight again and kill tens of thousands of people. And I said, "Look, you do that, there's going to be no trade. There's going to be tariffs put on your head. There'll be no trade," and that's for both of them, etc.

Donald Trump: , etc. And two days later, they call me up that they've made peace. I do these things -- nobody ever even heard of it. But I had -- I had no wars, think of it, during -- and I'm talking about in the world. The world was at peace. I did the Abraham Accords, which should have been filled in. I would have had every one of the slots filled in.

Donald Trump: Biden got none. We had the four countries and four very good ones and four tough ones, and the rest was just a fill-in job. It would have taken place, we would have total peace. And I made the statement because, as you know, Iran was broke when I -- we had no terrorism. We had no attacks. We had no Hamas problems, no Hezbollah problems.

Donald Trump: We had nothing because Iran didn't have the money to give to them because I put sanctions on, and I dealt directly. China, I said, "If you want to buy oil from Iran, that's fine. You can do -- you can go do it. But if you do that, you're not doing any business with the US, you can take your stuff out of here, and we're going to put sanctions on anything that gets through. We're going to put tariffs and everything else, every form of tax. And there are other taxes on anything you do."

Donald Trump: They took a total pass. They were, by far, the biggest customer, plus other countries. Iran had no money. Iran was ready to make a deal. When the horror -- that horrible disgusting election took place, Biden should have made a deal. They could have made a deal. Iran was in a position. Instead, he gave them billions and billions of dollars.

Donald Trump: He took off the sanctions that I had. He took off everything. China started buying more oil than they ever bought before. And today, Iran has $300 billion. Even -- what he even did is they -- they had a number of kidnappings, because that's what they were. He paid $6 billion, $6 billion to them. He paid $11 billion for electricity for Iraq that went to Iran.

Donald Trump: They have so much money now. The man is a fool. He's a stupid fool. We were in a position. We could have had -- and you know what I was asking for, Ben, one very simple thing. I don't want them to have a nuclear weapon. Very simple. Everything else, you know I want them to have a great life. I want them to be rich.

Donald Trump: I want them -- but I just didn't want them to have a nuclear weapon. I would have been able to do that very easily. But when -- when the -- Kamala and these people say about Kyiv -- and people call it Kiev and they call it Kyiv. I've always called it Kiev. And it depends on what part of the world you come from is what I finally figured out.

Donald Trump: But when she mentions that, she's wrong for a different reason. Russia and Putin never would have attacked Ukraine ever when I was there. And I talked about it, and it was the apple of his eye. I got along with him very well, which is a good thing, not a bad thing. You know, a lot of people think that's a bad thing.

Donald Trump: No, no, that's a great thing. But he never would have attacked, under any circumstances -- because number one, the oil prices were much lower when I was president, so he didn't have the money to attack. At $40 a barrel, he couldn't attack. At $80, 90, and $100 a barrel, he made a lot of money. So, you know, that -- but it's not even that reason.

Donald Trump: That was the real reason, but it's not that reason. The reason he wouldn't have attacked was because of me. There is zero chance that he would have attacked. Ukraine today had the right thing happened in the election, and it did not. If the right thing happened, Ukraine today would be fully intact, the cities wouldn't be bombed, and you would have had 2 million or 3 million more people living, right now, a very nice life.

Donald Trump: It is so sad to see. And then, I have to listen to these people say that, "Oh, Trump --" like they say Trump's soft on Russia. I'm the one that exposed the Russian pipeline, Nord Stream 2, and I terminated it. It was dead. The biggest deal they've ever done, I terminated it. Europe to Germany and all over Europe, the biggest deal they've ever done, I terminated it.

Donald Trump: And by that, I was rough with the nations. I said, "Anybody buys oil, you're not going to have US protection. Anybody buys oil, you get no US --" they terminated the deal. It was dead, it was done. And then, this very dumb person gets into office, extraordinarily dumb person with her. And what's the first thing he did? Kills the Keystone pipeline and approves the Russian pipeline.

Ben Shapiro: You know, Mr. President, it's no secret the legacy media hide stories that hurt Kamala Harris in 2020. Obviously, the end of the election, they hid the Hunter Biden laptop story. In the past week alone, we learned from multiple witness accounts that Doug Emhoff, Kamala Harris' husband, allegedly assaulted his ex-girlfriend.

Ben Shapiro: If that story had been about anyone even tangentially connected to your campaign, it would have been front news -- front-page news every single day. Instead, it's been buried. How do you fight a legacy media that is once again rigging the informational environment of the election?

Donald Trump: Well, for some reason I got to watch MSDNC, which I never watch because I don't know what happened. He was being interviewed on MSDNC, which is one of the worst, you know, really a terrible, terrible group of people. And it was like a love fest. Never asked him about that, never asked him about the other one.

Donald Trump: You know, she had numerous, numerous problems. Never asked him about anything. And we're saying he's like a symbol for all men all over the world. It's the craziest interview I've ever seen. If that were me, it would be the greatest story in the last five years, you know, which they -- they make up stories about me.

Ben Shapiro: More with President Trump in a moment. First, folks, let's talk about the future. I'm talking here about AI, artificial intelligence. Recently, I've been using AI. You can use things like Grok or ChatGPT to make images, to search for things you wouldn't be able to search for normally. Take a picture of a household object and you ask how the instructions work.

Ben Shapiro: It's really, really cool. AI is only going to get more sophisticated from here. It might be the most important new computer technology literally ever. It's going to affect every industry. Literally, billions of dollars are being invested right now, so buckle up. Now, the problem is that AI needs a lot of speed and processing power.

Ben Shapiro: So how can your business compete without costs spiraling out of control? It's time to -- it's time to [Ends while in progress]