Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-trace-gallagher-fox-news-september-13-2024

Trace Gallagher: And as you know, Mr. President, we report on this every single night.

Donald Trump: You do.

Trace Gallagher: And I'm wondering because there's been this debate about the ducks and the cats in Springfield, Ohio.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Trace Gallagher: And, you know, you have the people who live there who called 911 saying their animal's missing. The governor of Ohio, the city manager says, "Well, we don't see the evidence." But isn't the greater issue here the fact that these towns are being overrun by Haitian migrants? Isn't that the issue? Why is Kamala Harris smiling and saying you're extreme for saying animals are missing and forgetting that this is a city like Aurora that has been overrun by people who are not here legally?

Donald Trump: In Aurora, they have a small -- it's a small area. And they have hundreds and hundreds of people coming in. If you go to Ohio, you know, there, they're talking about 25,000 to 30,000 people coming in from Haiti. And this is a town that is small, beautiful, no problems, no crime, no nothing.

Trace Gallagher: Fifty-eight thousand in Springfield.

Donald Trump: Yeah, 58,000.

Trace Gallagher: So --

Donald Trump: And I heard this morning, it was 31,000 people coming in. Nobody can do that, and it's -- it's a bad criminal element, too, a bad criminal element. This is a town with no crime at all, Springfield. It's got no crime, it's got no problems. And now, they have 31,000 people just came down on them. This is not survivable.

Donald Trump: We're going to have the largest deportation effort in the history of our country. You know, Dwight Eisenhower, I mentioned that because people think of him as somewhat of a moderate guy. But he has the all-time record. He hated to see people coming into our country illegally, and that's what we have.

Trace Gallagher: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And call me -- you're going to -- I'll say it here first. You're going to call me someday the border president. Because I fixed the border in 2016, did such a good job that I didn't mention it and couldn't mention it because nobody cared in 2020. In 2020, we had a much better election than we had in 2016.

Donald Trump: I got like 12 million more votes. Think of that, got millions of more votes. But I don't think that's going to compare to this because the level of enthusiasm for this is far greater. That's -- that's why we had a very good debate the other night, and I think we exposed her for what she is. She's a radical left Marxist.

Trace Gallagher: Yeah, Bernie Sanders said that quiet part out loud, when he said that Kamala Harris is going to the right to get into office. And then, he believes that she will still -- that she is still a progressive at heart.

Donald Trump: But she is actually left of Bernie Sanders. She is more liberal. They don't like that term liberal. They like progressive. But to me, it's liberal. But she is far more liberal than Bernie Sanders or than Pocahontas. I mean, Elizabeth Warren, commonly referred to as Pocahontas, is more conservative than this woman that's running for president who got no votes, who was the first one to lose in the primaries, same primary to Biden.

Donald Trump: And I guess you had 22 people running. She was the first one to drop out. She never got to Iowa. And she's now running. I don't know. Is she a threat to democracy? You know, they call me a threat --

Trace Gallagher: Of course.

Donald Trump: They call me a threat to democracy. I'm the least threat to democracy.

Trace Gallagher: What about assassination? The Secret Service, the head of the Secret Service, briefed the House and the Senate, your wife, Melania, has come out saying we need more information. We need to know answers about this. We're not getting them.

Donald Trump: The Secret Service, these are great people. They were very brave. When I was hit and I went down, within seconds, and there were bullets flying all over the place, they were all on top of me. I had six or seven very large people on top of me to protect me. Now, were there mistakes made? Yes, there was a mistake made.

Donald Trump: It should have been somebody at the building, etc. But I have to say, their bravery cannot be questioned. Those bullets were flying, and I heard them going over my head. I got down fast, which was lucky I did. It was more lucky that I dropped the chart at that particular time, where I looked and it was a certain chart that showed great numbers for us on the illegal immigration of people coming into our country.

Donald Trump: And had I not dropped that chart at that particular time within a second, I probably wouldn't -- I definitely would not have been here talking to you --

Trace Gallagher: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Which is my great honor, by the way.

Trace Gallagher: It's interesting, Mr. President, because we were talking about this, and I've never seen anything like it. You went to Shanksville on 9/11, and you went into the firehouse. Actually, you didn't, because Joe Biden and Kamala Harris entered first.

Donald Trump: Right.

Trace Gallagher: And it was crickets. I mean, literally, Joe Biden had to kind of wave to tell people he was there. They were continuing their conversations. You walk in a few moments later and the place erupts. And I'm wondering, one, how you feel; and two, what do you attribute that to?

Donald Trump: So I've just had a great relationship with Pennsylvania, with those people. And they asked me if I could come. I didn't know that Biden was going to be there. He was there earlier, actually more prime time in a sense, right, because I got there later. I went to the World Trade Center, and then I went to Shanksville.

Donald Trump: And we stopped at the firehouse. But he was there a couple of hours earlier. And I saw it on your show actually. Nobody said anything except they demanded he put on a Trump cap.

Trace Gallagher: Yeah.

Donald Trump: You have to put on the Make America Great Again hat right. And he did. I mean he did. He didn't at first. It was very interesting. They said, "Put on the hat." And he said, "I can't do that." They said, Put on the hat," and he put it on. I said, "That's not very nice when you think about it." But then I came in, the place went crazy. Yeah, it was a very nice feeling.

Trace Gallagher: Really amazing. When Kamala Harris says things like, you know, former President Trump disparages people in the military and you pointed out --

Donald Trump: She made it up. It's a lie.

Trace Gallagher: Yeah. And you point out that you met with the Gold Star families --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Trace Gallagher: From Afghanistan. And you meet with the people -- the people whose families are hurt and killed by these illegal immigrants.

Donald Trump: They're liars. You know, when she went over those points, all of those points like the bloodshed, that was referring to the car industry is going to, you know -- or bloodbath, I guess is the word that was a term I used for the car industry because the United Auto Workers has done a great disservice to their members.

Donald Trump: I'm going to bring the car industry back into this country. They're going to lose the car industry. It's all going to be gone to China and other countries. And I called it a bloodbath. They made it sound like it's in the middle of the streets, and it has nothing to do with cars. I was talking about the car industry and so many other things.

Donald Trump: Every one of them should have been questioned by David Muir, who I've lost a lot of respect for. Everyone's lost respect for him because it was so such a one-sided -- it was one against three. And I had a great debate because my poll numbers are all up very substantially after the debate, the people saw.

Donald Trump: But -- but look, these are lying people. I watched her as she said she worked in McDonald's on the way up. Her parents had money. She worked at McDonald's on the way up. And then, it was found out, she never worked at McDonald's. It was a total lie. That's a big lie. To me, that's a big lie. You know, for a big -- for a chunk of her life, she had to work at McDonald's over the french fries with the grease and all the fire and flame. I know people that have had that job.

Trace Gallagher: Right.

Donald Trump: And they say it was not a pleasant job, all right. But she said she worked at McDonald's. And unless she can prove differently, which she can't --

Trace Gallagher: We said the same thing. We did it on our show. And we said, listen, if there's anybody --

Donald Trump: It's a big lie.

Trace Gallagher: Wrong on this and you can prove it, let us know. But the word is now that there's no evidence that she worked at McDonald's. So, just give us the evidence, and we still have not heard. You talked about the polls, and I want to make sure I get this right. ABC's TikTok account, the closing statement that you gave, that Kamala Harris gave as of this morning, minutes ago, we looked, she got 222,000 likes and 4.

Trace Gallagher: 4 million views, you got 1.6 million likes and 23.6 million views. It's significant because these are young people on TikTok.

Donald Trump: Yeah. That's very nice. Thank you. I didn't know that. But I always liked his show. That's why I like it because he tells the facts. That's very nice, Trace. Thank you very much. Yeah.

Trace Gallagher: Yeah. And we were going to bring you a common sense mug because I know common sense is part of your thing.

Donald Trump: It's common sense? You send me one, OK? I want one of those.

Trace Gallagher: I want to talk about the economy, if we can --

Donald Trump: OK.

Trace Gallagher: Because the economy is still one of the top issues. During the debate, the moderators asked Kamala Harris if she was better off today than four years ago, didn't answer the question.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Trace Gallagher: She came -- there was very little talk about inflation. And I'm wondering, sir, as you go through and you see how sky high the prices have been, we talk about inflation. Oh, it's 9 percent. But the prices are up 22 percent.

Donald Trump: Much higher.

Trace Gallagher: In most of the battleground states.

Donald Trump: Exactly. Thank you.

Trace Gallagher: And the question becomes, I wonder if you tell people on the trail, what would you do? Is there three things that you would do day one, day two in office --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Trace Gallagher: To try and bring those prices down that have hurt Americans so much?

Donald Trump: Sure. The prices are through the roof, and there are three things, but I'd start with energy. You know, I'd also start with the border. Because the border people coming in, you know, are just destroying us. They're destroying us. They're making -- you can't do anything. You can't get housing. You know, it's all government housing.

Donald Trump: Now, the government is paying for housing, and it's driving people out. It's -- if you take a look at what's happening in the communities that we talk about, like Aurora, look at what's going on over there.

Trace Gallagher: Right.

Donald Trump: Look at what's going on with Springfield and different communities in this country. They've never had anything like it. But I would immediately start with energy. I would drill, baby, drill, and I say it in all fairness because, you know, they stopped the drilling. They gave up ANWR, which I got. And if you look at what I did with ANWR was incredible.

Donald Trump: Ronald Reagan couldn't get it. That's in Alaska, probably the biggest oil field in the world. And I got it. Nobody else got it. I got it. They all tried, and it was such a great thing. They were all ready to start drilling. And Biden came in, and he -- he terminated it, and he terminated the Keystone XL Pipeline.

Donald Trump: And then, he stopped a lot of the rigs, and the prices were going up. When they came in, prices were starting to go through the roof. And then, they said, "We got to go back to Trump. We got to go back to his --" So, they let them drill, a similar number. But they should have been four times higher by now because don't forget, that was five years ago.

Donald Trump: So, they should have been like four times higher by now. And they're not -- I would drill. I'd get it to where we should have it. I'd immediately approve ANWR. Again, I'd get it done. Not an easy thing to do. But because I did it the first time, I know how to get it done the second time. Because, I mean, that's -- think of it.

Donald Trump: That's a site they think -- because who knows, really, but they think the size of Saudi Arabia has that kind of capacity in our country.

Trace Gallagher: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And we were going to do that. We were going to get the energy prices down. We were going to strengthen up the border because I had the best border we've ever had in the history of our country. And now, it's the worst border anyone's ever had in the history of the world. And then, we were going to work on a thing called growth.

Donald Trump: We need growth. And we have so much growth potential. And you see with the taxes and the tax cuts that we're doing, and no tax on tips as an example. No tax on overtime, that's a big deal.

Trace Gallagher: What about Social Security?

Donald Trump: And a very big -- and I'm not sure economically, it makes -- as you know, because we're talking about what are we going to do to get the country going. But the seniors have been hurt so badly with inflation. What these people have done with the -- you know, their so-called Inflation Reduction Act turned out to be a scam.

Donald Trump: It wasn't that at all. And they admit that it wasn't for that reason. All they saw was Green New Deal money that it's like throwing it out the window. So, the seniors were hit very badly. So, I have no tax on Social Security for the seniors. And I think that's a very big one.

Trace Gallagher: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I think it's very big. So, those three. But no tax on overtime because the people are working.

Trace Gallagher: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And what happens is the -- and I know because I was in that position. I hated to do overtime because you had to do between the tax and everything else and you go time and a half and you do all this extra stuff. And in the end, it's not worth it. When you have no tax on overtime, they're going to work a lot more, and they're going to make a lot more money.

Donald Trump: So, I think they're very popular ideas. Those are just a few of them. But very, very importantly is getting the energy costs down. I told the country in a speech, I told the country that I will get their energy costs down by 50 percent within 12 months. May take a little bit more than that, but I'm saying within 12 months because I think we can do it within 12 months.

Donald Trump: If we bring energy down, that means interest rates are going to come down. And we're going to get interest rates down, and we're going to get them down very fast. So, between those elements, you're going to have a roaring economy.

Trace Gallagher: And it means bringing the items to market goes down substantially.

Donald Trump: Absolutely. If you remember, I reduced the corporate tax from really almost 50 percent If you really look at it with state city and everything else. But I got it down to 21 percent. I'd love to bring it down to 15 percent. It's a big job producer. And, you know, we're talking about small businesses, we're talking about everything.

Donald Trump: And if we could do that, that was always the goal, 15 percent. We would be so -- everybody would be pouring into the United States because our tax rate would be highly competitive, really competitive.

Trace Gallagher: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But I got it down from 38 to 21. And I'd like to get it down to 15. And that's for a lot of small businesses also, a lot of people. But that will create jobs. You know, I had the best jobs ever. We had 7 million more jobs than they have now. Think of that. And I don't hear that from Biden. They're always saying, "We have more jobs." They don't have more jobs.

Trace Gallagher: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And the jobs they have were -- they call them blowback jobs, the jobs that came back when we had COVID. The job numbers go down, but they bounce back. You call them a blowback, but most people call them bounce-back jobs.

Trace Gallagher: Yeah.

Donald Trump: They bounce right back. And we had, just prior to COVID, more than 7 million jobs more than they have now, which is, you know, which is really something. But we'll go -- we'll get it going very fast, Trace.

Trace Gallagher: And I think it's interesting that, you know, inflation you see is starting to kind of tick back up. There's some -- there's some danger signs out there. I want to go back to the illegal immigration.

Donald Trump: You know what's really go up? Energy. Because they're not doing anything on energy.

Trace Gallagher: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And AI, if we're going to be competitive, we need twice the electric capacity as we have right now, who would even think that. But if you take all of the electricity that we have, we need exactly twice that capacity just for AI. And the only one that can do that is me because I'm going to make certain things -- we're going to let them build where they have their plants.

Donald Trump: We're going to let them build their own electric. We're going to let them do things. But you have to go and get that approved environmentally, and I'm going to approve it because we can't let the environment stop the growth of our nation. We're going to have the cleanest water. We're going to have the cleanest water there is and the cleanest air.

Donald Trump: And that's the way I look at it. We need clean air, we need clean water, and we need a great economy. We'll have the greatest economy ever. But we have to start now, and we have to stop the influx of millions of people, many coming from jails, many coming from mental institutions. And they're pouring into our country, and it's destroying our country, when you look at what's happening in Ohio, when you look at what's happening in Colorado.

Donald Trump: And -- and that's just two of the ones that you're seeing. It's happening in hundreds of communities. But they don't want to talk about it because they think it's bad for the community.