Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-john-solomon-real-americas-voice-october-22-2024

John Solomon: All right, folks, joining us right now, the 45th president of the United States and the man who the polls say is most likely to be the 47th president, President Donald J. Trump. Sir, good to have you on the show.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much, John.

John Solomon: All right, Kamala Harris has been out on the campaign trail offending Christians. You've been out on the trail reaching out to Christians, talking to them. Her notion that people who believe in Jesus don't belong in her rallies. I'd like to get your reaction to that.

Donald Trump: Well, usually, that would be the end of a campaign. When you say something stupid like she said, that would be the end of the campaign. And I saw the young men and they made the statement, and she said you're at the wrong rally. You know, in the old days, when a lot of things were different and values were different, John, that would be the end of a campaign.

John Solomon: Yes.

Donald Trump: You'd just say, "Let's wrap it up." But, you know, it's -- she's getting away with murder. They lie and they -- they talk -- you know, they -- they say -- I've never seen anything like this. I had to go through crooked Hillary, I had to go through Biden, and they were not good. But this -- this one lies more than anything.

Donald Trump: She'll tell you -- you come up with 10 points that you believed in all your life. And all of a sudden, they just spin it around knowing that it's wrong what they're doing.

John Solomon: Yeah.

Donald Trump: So, it's a strange -- it's a strange group that we're dealing with. As you know -- as you know better than most.

John Solomon: Well, it seems like the American people are making a choice and a clear choice. I want to ask a little bit about something she did last week. You outnumber her in rallies and interviews and press conferences. She suggested for a while last week maybe you were tired and exhausted. But today, she's missing from the campaign trail. I'd like to get your reaction to that.

Donald Trump: Yeah, and I've already done three events, and I have a big one coming up.

John Solomon: Right?

Donald Trump: I'm going up to North Carolina and making a speech of, I don't know, I guess they say 20,000 people or so. You know, it's so disgraceful. They -- that's what I mean. They make up stories. Somebody said, "Are you at all tired?" I said, "No, I'm invigorated. I'm not even a little bit." So, as you know, I've gone 52 days in a row.

John Solomon: Amazing.

Donald Trump: And now, I have 14 left, and I'm not taking a day off. And she took today off and she's taking, I think, tomorrow off, too.

John Solomon: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And how do you take two days off when you have 14 days to the presidency? You know, no, they just -- they make it up. It's fiction, and it's a disgrace that they're allowed to say it. I've never dealt with a group like this. I have never felt stronger, never felt better. Now, here's the problem. When you say that, they'll say, "Trump was very defensive." He, you know, like --

John Solomon: You're not defensive at all.

Donald Trump: Like with the debate, when she --

John Solomon: Yeah.

Donald Trump: She made up stories, and I checked them on the stories very quickly, but nicely. They said --

John Solomon: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Oh, I fell into her trap. You know, these are -- the media is the absolute worst with the exception of you, of course, but --

John Solomon: Yeah. They've had their thumb on the scale. There's no doubt that.

Donald Trump: It's terrible. Just -- they are terrible. There's no question about it.

John Solomon: Yeah, no doubt.

Donald Trump: Go ahead, John.

John Solomon: Sir, I want to ask a little about -- you've spent a lot of time meeting with families who were victims of the open border --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

John Solomon: In the Biden-Harris family. Some people are beginning to talk. They've suffered so much, and they have a lot of needs. They may have counseling, they may have other things. Are you open -- some people are beginning to talk about the notion of creating a government fund to help people who've been victimized by crime from illegal aliens that President Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris brought into the country. Are you open to such a notion?

Donald Trump: I am -- if I -- it's the first I'm hearing about it, but it was talked about and then, I guess, people shut it down. But I really am. These people are being -- I've met so many of the families. They've been just decimated by these people that are allowed to come into our country. They're murderers and drug dealers.

Donald Trump: And the worst people are allowed to come into our country, and they're poisoning our country. They're poisoning -- what Biden and Kamala have done to this country is unthinkable that this could be -- and, you know, there's another couple of elements to it. You have 325,000 missing children.

John Solomon: Yes.

Donald Trump: Three hundred twenty-five thousand missing children. They're dead or they're sex slaves or slaves. Nobody knows exactly. But 325,000 are missing according to the all the reports. It's -- it's not even imaginable. The damage that they've caused as president and vice president will never be forgotten.

John Solomon: Yeah. People are still reeling from the damage of the COVID-19 pandemic and what China did. We now know the truth. You were right. It did emanate from Wuhan.

Donald Trump: Yup.

John Solomon: And our best scientists, our best FBI experts think that gain-of-function research was the impetus for this. That got restarted about a decade ago. If you're president, do you consider an executive order saying no more gain-of-function research?

Donald Trump: I think that's something we would certainly discuss. I tell you what. I was the one that shut it down. They were paying money to China.

John Solomon: Yup, that's right.

Donald Trump: Now, I shut it down just saying, "Why are we paying money to China? Who would have known that they were doing Wuhan?" But I did say Wuhan, that's where it came from.

John Solomon: Yup. You did.

Donald Trump: I had no doubt about it. Did you know they were trying to say it came from France, it came from Italy, or it came from caves with bats? Now, I'd always -- I've always felt that it came from Wuhan. And now that's been -- that's been determined.

John Solomon: Yeah, no, there's no doubt about it. You can see that it's there.

Donald Trump: Terrible.

John Solomon: As you're out in the trail, you've met with so many people, the economy insecurity, the border, all creating the perfect storm. People feel like this country is in the wrong direction. On day one when you get in, what is the first three priorities for you? What do you want to get done that first day?

Donald Trump: Well, when you think, we're 85 percent wrong direction. And Kamala said she would do nothing different, OK? If you can imagine.

John Solomon: Yup, that's right.

Donald Trump: Now, she choked with that answer because only a total fool would -- would give an answer like that, but she's not very good, and she's not a good person, and she's not a smart person. And there's never been anything like it. There's never been a person like this allowed to run -- even allowed to run for the office.

Donald Trump: Most radical left person in the Senate, far, far further left, they say, than Bernie Sanders. And so, we're not going to let it happen. I'll close the borders. I would absolutely, without question, we have to get those borders closed. And we have to drill, baby, drill, and we have to bring down costs.

Donald Trump: Because it's not just the oil, it's -- we have to bring -- the inflation has just killed our seniors and people on a fixed income --

John Solomon: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Like nothing else. And then, we have to fix up our military again. I did it once, and now, I have to do it again. In all fairness, a smaller version, but we gave billions of dollars to Afghanistan, if you can believe it, in the most embarrassing single moment of -- of our history as a country. So, we're going to do that.

Donald Trump: We're going to always take care of that. Very important.

John Solomon: Yeah. Well, you had a record, particularly on energy where you were able to really help make things affordable.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

John Solomon: Now, today, people are in energy poverty. They have to decide whether they're going to pay their utility bill or their food. Really remarkable. Energy --

Donald Trump: I just saw a report, John, came out. With me, it was $1.84 --

John Solomon: Yes.

Donald Trump: Because I always hear these people saying $2.40 and -- it was $1.84.

John Solomon: Yes.

Donald Trump: I thought it was $1.87. It's $1.84. That was the national average. And can you imagine? And now, look at where we are and where we will be, because what will happen is, if they ever won this thing, they would -- they would just cut off everything. The only reason they let it continue the way I had it was that they could see what was going on.

Donald Trump: It was -- it was starting to rise uncontrollably. So, they -- they stopped immediately.

John Solomon: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But they will -- if they ever had their druthers, they would -- and which -- I tell you what, if they ever -- if they were allowed to do it, they would get rid of all fossil fuels immediately.

John Solomon: Yeah, there's no doubt. They've said --

Donald Trump: That would be the end of our country, by the way.

John Solomon: Yeah, we don't have the ability to absorb that loss. You're right. One last thing, because you took on such an important role in bringing Iran to its knees, financially, militarily. We saw this week leaked documents that the -- United States leaked it from our ally Israel about what it might do against Iran.

John Solomon: Having that sort of traitorism in that -- or treason inside our country to betray our ally, your thoughts about this administration, its inability to protect information from Iran.

Donald Trump: This is the worst president in the history of our country. She's worse than he is, the worst vice president. She would be a worse president than he is, if that's even believable. There would be never a president. That -- she would be just horrible. And what happened with Israel with the documents that were leaked is not even fathomable.

Donald Trump: And they better find that person because that person hates our country. That's a hell of a thing to do. And you're talking about major stuff, you're talking about giving the Israeli plans --

John Solomon: Yes.

Donald Trump: Having to do with Iraq and -- and Iran, and not just Iran. You know, it's having to do with lots of different options and lots of different things, lots of different countries. I mean, they got everything.

John Solomon: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I hear it's really bad. But can you imagine being Israel and waking up to that news?

John Solomon: And, you know, it's --

Donald Trump: Our country is -- is uniquely incompetent. There has never been anything like it. These are the worst two people, and they are lazy. And you know what? She's not even campaigning for a couple of days because she doesn't have the stamina to do it. She's got no stamina. She's got nothing. And can you imagine, you have 14 days, and you got to work every day? I've done 52 days now, and I have 14 more.

Donald Trump: And I'm not missing any days, I can tell you that.

John Solomon: And you're going to your fifth and sixth event in a couple of minutes, which -- in one day.

Donald Trump: Yeah, I'm leaving for a big speech. Yeah, a big one.

John Solomon: Well, sir --

Donald Trump: It's a big one.

John Solomon: I know how busy you are. It is such an honor to get a few minutes with you on the busy campaign trail. Thank you for sharing your thoughts. What a great honor to have you on the show.

Donald Trump: Well, we are lucky to have you, and I'm talking about we as a country. We're lucky to have you because you're really one of the great people. You're -- you're a real journalist, what they used to be when they were great.

John Solomon: Oh.

Donald Trump: We don't have too many of them left, John. We're lucky to have you, man.

John Solomon: Thank you, sir. That means a lot coming from you. Thank you so much, sir.

Donald Trump: OK.

John Solomon: Have a good campaign trail today. Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thanks.