Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-jessica-hill-las-vegas-review-journal-june-9-2024

Jessica Hill: So, can you tell me what brings you here today and why you're holding this rally in Nevada?

Donald Trump: Well, we feel we're leading Nevada by a lot. And I was with the governor last night. We're working very closely together. We want to make sure it's an honest vote. But we're leading very heavily in the polls. And we did some fundraising, and we have a big rally going on now, even though it's 110 degrees or something.

Donald Trump: And we had to -- we actually told people don't come, and we still have, you know, probably 10,000, 15,000 people. It's crazy.

Jessica Hill: Regarding the Senate primary race, are you planning on endorsing Sam Brown or Jeff Gunter?

Donald Trump: Probably sometime today, I'll announce my endorsement. And I'll -- you'll be right there. We'll let you know who it is. I think they're all here. Everybody's here. We should win that race against Rosen. She's terrible. She's been a terrible senator, has no respect in Washington. And I think we should win that race.

Donald Trump: So, I'll be announcing sometime today.

Jessica Hill: And regarding your vice presidential pick, can you talk a little bit about what qualities you look for in a vice president and who's fitting that bill right?

Donald Trump: Well, always -- I think you have an obligation that, always, when you're picking a vice president, it has to be, in case, for whatever reason, that person becomes president, and a lot of bad reasons for it, maybe some good reasons but I can't think of any, but should that happen, you want to make sure you have somebody that's going to be a great president.

Donald Trump: So, it's always -- and number two would be who's going to help you the most. But typically, vice presidents do not get the vote. If you look at throughout the ages, there's rarely been a vice presidential pick that's made much of a difference. But where they do make a big difference, I think it's very important if something should happen where the vice president has to kick into gear, we want to make sure we have a great one.

Jessica Hill: Is there anyone in particular that's fitting the bill?

Donald Trump: Well, we have a lot, and we have a great bench. And it's a very tough decision. But I'll be making it pretty soon.

Jessica Hill: And then, regarding your policy on Israel, how do your -- how does your policy differ from that of Biden's, President Biden's?

Donald Trump: Well, I've been very pro-Israel. We've been very strong on Israel. They have to finish up the situation that they're in right now, have to get the hostages back. I'm afraid that many of those hostages will never be seen again. They'll never be back. They may be gone. They may be dead. It's a very sad thing.

Donald Trump: October 7th was something that would have never happened if I was president, zero chance. And Ukraine would have never happened, and inflation would have never happened. All of these things. Joe Biden has been the worst president in the history of our country, and we have to get him out.

Jessica Hill: You have lost here in Nevada twice. What will be different this year in November?

Donald Trump: Well, I won the primaries big. And I actually thought I won twice, and some bad things happened. And you had a Democrat governor. And I really believe that bad things happened because we were in very strong position. And so, when you say lost, I don't know what the definition of lost is. But I think we're going to win it big.

Donald Trump: We have a great governor. We have a great attorney general and lieutenant governor. And they have a lot to do with it. And I think we're going to win very big. I really think we did incredibly. And we -- somehow the vote wasn't there. But I believe we won very strongly actually by a lot.

Jessica Hill: Are you going to be pushing the buttons to vote early and vote by mail?

Donald Trump: They can vote any way they want. Vote early. Just the biggest thing is secure the vote. And I think the governor and all of his people are going to be working very hard on that. If we secure the vote, if the vote is secure -- stop the steal as the expression goes. But if the vote is secure, we're going to win Nevada by a lot.

Donald Trump: And if we win Nevada, we win the whole thing.

Jessica Hill: Regarding last week's guilty verdict, what impact do you think that will have, if any, here in Nevada?

Donald Trump: Well, it seems to have the opposite of what they thought. I mean, it was -- I don't want to say it was a miscalculation by them, but we raised more money than any campaign has ever raised in a short period of time. And we're close to $400 million and had a big few days here. I mean, incredible numbers here.

Donald Trump: And a lot of it, small dollar donations, $71 each, and raised hundreds of millions of dollars. It was incredible. I don't think there's ever been a time where anyone's raised so much money so fast. And that was because of the verdict. That's a rigged court. The whole thing is rigged. And it's all caused by Biden because Biden is weaponized the Department of Justice, and they were totally involved.

Donald Trump: Even though it was a state and city case, they were totally involved in it. And they're involved in Georgia. That's the Fani Willis case. They're involved in all of them. Every one of them, they're involved. And he's weaponized justice. And I think it's really come back to haunt them. And I think it should because it's never happened in our country before.

Jessica Hill: Nevada is the site of the worst mass shooting in October 1st of 2017.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Jessica Hill: What policies could you implement to prevent that from happening?

Donald Trump: Well, we have the policies of your governor. We have the policies of some very good people. And as you know, I just got the NRA endorsement, full endorsement, and we have to protect our Second Amendment very, very, very, very powerfully. It's so important that we protect it. But we have some very strong things that we're talking about and working on. But always preeminent is to protect our Second Amendment.

Donald Trump: We can't lose sight of that.

Jessica Hill: And Nevada is also home to a really soaring rent prices and housing crisis. What policies could you implement if reelected?

Donald Trump: Well, you know, they're talking about federal lands and getting the use of some federal lands. The governors are very much in favor of that. I was reading this morning where he is, and we spoke about it, and I agree with him. We have to help the housing prices come down because Biden has totally lost control.

Donald Trump: Biden has lost control of everything, and everything he does turns out bad. Whether it's Afghanistan, whether it's -- everything this guy has touched turns out bad. Even his embarrassment yesterday. And if you take a look at what happened in Normandy, it was a total embarrassment to our country the way he was, what happened?

Donald Trump: I mean, the guy's an embarrassment to our country. So, we have to get him out. But we have to create a big incentive for housing so that we have housing -- the housing prices -- and they're just unaffordable for anybody. That's why you have so many people. I mean, they're living in the streets. They have -- they don't have the money, and the interest rates are way too high.

Donald Trump: With me, you had interest rates at 2.5%. Now, they're over 10%, and you can't get the money. That's a big difference.

Jessica Hill: President Biden has a robust campaign here. He has multiple offices and holds events pretty regularly. How does your campaign fare to compare with that and compete with it?

Donald Trump: Well, I think we have a robust campaign because we're like leading by a lot in the polls. I saw a poll where we're 12 up and 10 up. And I don't know if it matters to this campaign too much anymore. Everybody knows what he is. He's an incompetent president. And so, I don't know how you get around. How do you campaign and say, "Oh, gee, he turned dynamic all of a sudden," or, "He became good," or, "He got tough on the border." He has a thing to get tough on the border.

Donald Trump: It's the weakest. I've never seen anything like it. It's a joke. Millions and millions of people will continue coming in. I don't even think it's going to make a difference. But he did that because he thought maybe he could get some political points, but he won't. I mean, it's a very weak policy. He's a very weak president.

Donald Trump: And certainly, on the border, he's the weakest in history. We've never had a border like this. They're coming in from prisons and jails and mental institutions. They're coming in from insane asylums. And many terrorists are pouring into our country. This is what we have, and they're coming in by the millions.

Donald Trump: And I don't think the people are going to stand for it on November 5th.

Jessica Hill: Thank you so much, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Jessica Hill: I really appreciate it.

Donald Trump: Good job you did.

Jessica Hill: Thanks.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Jessica Hill: Thank you so much.