Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-ali-bradley-newsnation-august-22-2024

Ali Bradley: I'm going to get to the border, but I obviously have to ask you about Robert F. Kennedy Jr. If he endorses you, are you going to find a spot for him in your cabinet and have you promised him anything in that regard?

Donald Trump: Well, we haven't talked about that yet, Ali, but we'll find out and we'll see. I have a lot of respect for him, and I think he has a lot of respect for me. I've just heard this as news flashes. And, you know, we've had a good relationship for a long period of time. If he endorses, that would be an honor for me, but we're doing very well.

Donald Trump: We're leading now, as you know, in the election, and we're leading in all of the major categories like border, like economy, like all of that. It's -- it's really good. It's really good. Things are happening that are very good. He may also see that. But it would be my great honor if he wants to endorse me. I have good respect for him.

Donald Trump: Smart guy. A little different but very smart, and we will take his endorsement.

Ali Bradley: Can we expect to see him on the stage with you tomorrow?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't know. I know we're in the same state, but we're still pretty far away. But we'll see what happens. If something happens, you'd be the first to know, OK?

Ali Bradley: Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Ali Bradley: Now, sir, I do have one question here about the situation in this area. Obviously --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Ali Bradley: An assassin tried to kill you.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Ali Bradley: The -- the sheriffs right now --

Donald Trump: But you know what, can I tell you something?

Ali Bradley: Sure.

Donald Trump: We're in danger standing here talking, so let's not talk any longer. No, I know about it, but they don't want me standing here. They don't want you standing here either. Have a good time. Thank you very much.

Ali Bradley: Thank you.