Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-nadia-bilbassy-charters-al-arabiya-october-20-2024

Nadia Bilbassy-Charters: First of all, Mr. President, thank you very much for this exclusive interview.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Nadia Bilbassy-Charters: First, I guess, to any Arab international media. We hear in Michigan, I talk to many voters in the swing states including here, Arab Americans said they support you on the economy --

Donald Trump: Right.

Nadia Bilbassy-Charters: But they want you to stop the war in Gaza and Lebanon. Thousands of civilians are dead, including 70 percent in Gaza are women and children. If you reach the White House, how are you going to stop this war?

Donald Trump: Well, I want to see it all stop. I want to see the Middle East get back to peace and real peace, but a peace that's going to be a lasting peace. And that's going to happen. I have -- I feel really truly confident it's going to happen. And I believe it's going to happen soon, and we'll see what happens with the election.

Donald Trump: I think the election is going to make a big difference. But I was respected over there, and great relationships with so many, including your friend and my friend. But we have great relationships, and we're going to get it done. And it's going to get done properly. But you want a lasting peace. You don't want this to go on every five years, every two years, every 10 years.

Donald Trump: You want to have a lasting peace, and we're going to get that done.

Nadia Bilbassy-Charters: Do you believe now, with the killing of the Hamas leader and Hezbollah leader, there is a chance for negotiation?

Donald Trump: I do. I think they've even suggested it. And not from strength, they've suggested it.

Nadia Bilbassy-Charters: But a million people have been forced to leave their homes.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Nadia Bilbassy-Charters: Thousands have been killed, and they really believe -- some people believe you're the only person who can stop this war because --

Donald Trump: I think you're right.

Nadia Bilbassy-Charters: Prime Minister Netanyahu listens to you.

Donald Trump: Yeah, he does listen to me, and I have a call with him tomorrow. Now, I'm not the president right now. I hope to be soon, but we still have to win a race. We did very well the second time. We won it the first time. We did much better the second time, but a lot of bad things took place. And so, you know, it's so sad to think that if I were president, that war would have never started.

Donald Trump: You wouldn't have all those dead people, all those, you know, just demolished cities and areas. You wouldn't have had October 7th. That would be -- that's the most important. You wouldn't have had that and all of the destruction and the hatred and everything else that followed October 7th. You wouldn't have had Russia attacking Ukraine.

Nadia Bilbassy-Charters: Ukraine.

Donald Trump: You wouldn't have had inflation, frankly, and you wouldn't have had the -- the most embarrassing moment in the history of our country in my opinion. You wouldn't have had the Taliban and Afghanistan and all of the things that are happening over there. So, that -- that moment in history was really one of the most embarrassing moments we've ever had.

Donald Trump: You wouldn't have had it. And I think that would have also kept Putin -- I think Putin saw that. And he said, "They're a paper tiger." We're not a paper tiger at all. We're not a paper tiger, but he has no respect for Biden. And he's got no respect for Kamala, and he went in and did a big -- you know, the destruction and the death in Ukraine is incredible, far more than people think.

Nadia Bilbassy-Charters: In 2017, on the first trip that you took on a foreign trip, you went to Saudi Arabia.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Nadia Bilbassy-Charters: And, actually, I traveled with you on that trip.

Donald Trump: I did.

Nadia Bilbassy-Charters: How would you describe the relationship between the United States and Saudi Arabia? And what kind of role do you think they can play in the crisis in the Middle East?

Donald Trump: I think it's fine right now. It's -- when I was President, it was great with capital letters, G-R-E-A-T, great. And so much respect for the king. So much respect for Mohammed who's doing so great. I mean, he's really a visionary. He's done things that nobody else would have even thought about. His -- his very long city that he's building, he's -- he's really doing something.

Donald Trump: He's a great guy, and he's doing -- he's respected all over the world. So, when you think -- I mean, right now, it's just OK. It's fine. Biden goes over there, and he fist-bumps. You don't fist-bump. You go over there, and you do it right. You shake a hand or something. You hug. You do, but it could never be great with a guy like Biden.

Donald Trump: Could never be -- I don't even think it would be good with Kamala. I don't think it would be good at all, but with me, it will be great. And I have great respect for Saudi Arabia and for many of the other rulers over there, many of the other countries over there. Don't forget, we did the Abraham Accords.

Donald Trump: It would have been chock-full within a year. And I even think -- and I -- I make the statement. It sounds foolish, but it's not foolish. I think even Iran would have been in because Iran was desperate to make a deal. They had no money, and Biden allowed them to have $300 billion. They have now $300 billion, $350 billion.

Donald Trump: And he allowed them back into the game. And I would have done that, but no nuclear weapons. You can't have nuclear weapons.

Nadia Bilbassy-Charters: Can I ask about these two points? First on the Abraham Accord. Will you expand it when you be -- come to the White House?

Donald Trump: Yeah. Oh, sure. Everyone wants to be in it. They could have done it. I mean, all you need is an order clerk. Everybody wanted to go in. We would have had it -- we would have had 12 to 15 countries within a period of -- I mean, literally, within a period of a year, I think, at the most. They have none.

Donald Trump: They added none. And everybody respects it. You know, they respect it so much. But look, the framework is there. All they have to do is be inserted, and that will happen very quickly. If I win, that will be an absolute -- just getting everybody in. It's peace in the Middle East; we need it and it's very important and it will happen.

Nadia Bilbassy-Charters: You've been tough on Iran. You took the decision to eliminate Qasem Soleimani. How are you going to stop Iran from acquiring nuclear weapon?

Donald Trump: Well, I'd rather not say that to you, but they won't. They won't acquire it. Now, they may get it, you know, if they get it very quickly. I'm not president, so I won't have much to do with that. And I have respect for Iran. I have respect for the people. I know a lot of Iranian people. They're very smart.

Donald Trump: Actually, great negotiators, great business people. They're great people. They're very warm people. I wanted to do -- as a country, I wanted to do great. Now, it's -- in its own way, it's probably in danger, maybe more so than they would have thought a month ago, right, with what's happening. I think it's in a lot of danger right now, which is, you know, very bad.

Donald Trump: I don't want -- I don't want to see people killed. Everyone's being killed in the Middle East. I don't want to see that. But no, I think we would have had something. I think we would have had something very special. We'll still have something, but so much damage has been done to the world, whether it's Ukraine or whether it's large sections of the Middle East.

Donald Trump: I mean, look at the death and destruction that's taken place, and none of this would have happened if I were president.

Nadia Bilbassy-Charters: What about the Israeli attack? They keep saying that Prime Minister Netanyahu want to hit Iran, maybe not necessarily the nuclear facilities. Maybe the oil facilities or elsewhere. Would you support that if you were president?

Donald Trump: Well, I think he's going to do what he wants to do, and I think he has to do that. You know, Biden was giving him some very bad -- look, Biden has been historically horrible on foreign policy. Incompetent, I would say. What you do is anything he says, do the opposite and you'll be brilliant if you do the opposite.

Donald Trump: But he gave him instructions not to do anything, and Israel was under great danger. They're under much less danger right now than they were one month ago. Let's face it. I mean, you saw the attack on October 7th. That was horrible. I -- I've seen tapes that other people haven't seen, and what -- what happened there was horrible.

Donald Trump: That can't be allowed to happen. But if you think, that would have never happened. So, the whole thing wouldn't have happened. That was the problem. And now, still, you have hostages, but many of them have been killed. And I'm sure many of them are dead. It's a very sad thing. What's going to happen when they find out that there are very few hostages, which is probably what they're going to find out?

Nadia Bilbassy-Charters: You actually told Hamas, you said -- you threatened them. You said you -- "You have to release these hostages before I reach the White House."

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Nadia Bilbassy-Charters: So, do you think -- what can be done that the US --

Donald Trump: Well, I would have said they have to release them immediately. I think if I said it, they would have done it. I think the hostages would have been back home. But I think even early on, I think a lot of those hostages were dead. I think they were dead. I mean, it's a very sad thing. It's not even believable when you think about it, but I think pretty early on, there were a lot that were gone.

Donald Trump: And, you know, just God rest their souls. To live that way and to, you know, spend -- and these were largely young people that were having a good time at a festival. Life was a bowl of cherries, right? And they're dead. It's -- it's a very sad thing. But, you know, it's interesting, I don't know what's going to happen when they find out there are fewer than they thought. And it could be by -- by a staggering number.

Nadia Bilbassy-Charters: What about the destruction and the death of civilians? Do you think that's tolerable price that Israel is doing in Gaza and in Lebanon now?

Donald Trump: Oh, the destruction is terrible. The whole -- the whole thing is terrible. It should have -- again, it should have never happened. If October 7th wouldn't happen -- which it wouldn't have -- because Iran funds it, and Iran had no money. They had no money. They -- they had absolutely no money. And I would have made a deal with them, and they wouldn't have done October 7th.

Donald Trump: But because they have no respect for Biden, they did it, and then it began. You know, that was like -- just a terrible thing. But it began because of that, because of October 7th. You certainly can't blame Israel for hitting back, and they hit back hard, much harder than anybody would have thought. And then they send missiles in, and they were all knocked out.

Donald Trump: A hundred and eighty-seven missiles, those missiles were knocked down. And now, everybody's waiting for Israel to --

Nadia Bilbassy-Charters: Retaliate.

Donald Trump: Make a move. I mean, it's a bad --

Nadia Bilbassy-Charters: It's a mess.

Donald Trump: It's a bad situation; should have never happened.

Nadia Bilbassy-Charters: Talking about Iran, also I want to ask you about the Houthis. So, the US and the UK has formed a military coalition. Do you think it's working? What would you have done differently if you were a president?

Donald Trump: Well number one, somebody's got to stop the ships from being shot out of the water. You have a lot of -- a lot of missiles are going right at ships and hitting them much worse than people know. You know, it's been pretty bad. You can't even use it. You can't even use -- that's your main travel lane. They can't use it.

Donald Trump: They have to find other ways. It's very expensive and, really, not even doable. Somebody has to make sure that doesn't happen, absolutely.

Nadia Bilbassy-Charters: How do you see the US role in the world?

Donald Trump: The US?

Nadia Bilbassy-Charters: How can -- the US, how can the US lead in the world? Do you see it's distracting --

Donald Trump: You have to respect the leader. So, Viktor Orban, who's a very strong man and very respected --

Nadia Bilbassy-Charters: Of Hungary.

Donald Trump: Right, Hungary. He said, "If Trump were here, none of this would have happened." He said it very strongly. He said it numerous times, actually. He said it six months ago. He said it two months ago at, you know, various reporters and meetings. But he said, if Trump -- and I understand exactly. Look, when I was there, we had no terrorism.

Donald Trump: We had no wars other than I finished ISIS. I took care of -- ISIS was gone. It was supposed to take five years, maybe 10 years, and I did it in a couple of weeks.

Nadia Bilbassy-Charters: You ordered the killing of Baghdadi as well.

Donald Trump: Yeah, I -- well, I did. Baghdadi -- al-Baghdadi was also -- I said, "You got to get him." He was trying to reform ISIS. But we knocked it out, and we knocked it out, hopefully, for good. But even that, it can regrow if you don't have somebody in America that's strong. So many people are reliant on the United States.

Donald Trump: And with me, they have somebody they can rely on. With Biden, he doesn't know he's alive.

Nadia Bilbassy-Charters: And I wanted to ask you about a domestic issue as well. Arab Americans I spoke to, they allied with you, and we heard them today in the mayor of Hamtramck. He said that we are closer to the Republican Party on social issues.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Nadia Bilbassy-Charters: How do you see the -- the issue of transgender that pushed away Arab Americans from the Democrats?

Donald Trump: Well -- yeah, I mean, I was with the mayor. I think the mayor is great, and he's given us his total endorsement. We have a lot of Arab American endorsements, as you know, from different -- representing different countries -- but Arab Americans. And he's somebody. I think he's got a lot of future in this country.

Donald Trump: Really, he's amazing. But, yeah, he's not for men playing in women's sports. He's not for transgender operations, the transformation or the transition into -- you know, a male into a female. He's not into that. And I think for the most part, the Arab world isn't into that. And I'm not into that either, but the radical left is totally into it.

Donald Trump: I mean, they'll actually take somebody from school without parental consent and do this operation. It's not even believable. Our country is really going bad. This is a very important election.

Nadia Bilbassy-Charters: I want to end on a personal note.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Nadia Bilbassy-Charters: You're going to become a grandfather soon. Congratulations, again.

Donald Trump: Yes. Thank you very much. That's right.

Nadia Bilbassy-Charters: And your grandchild is going to be half Arab or Lebanese?

Donald Trump: That's true. I'm happy about that.

Nadia Bilbassy-Charters: So, how do you feel about that?

Donald Trump: I'm happy about it.

Nadia Bilbassy-Charters: OK, great.

Donald Trump: I have many friends who are Arab, as you say, but from different countries but Arab. And I'm very happy about it. They're smart. They're very warm people. It's a shame what's happening over there.

Nadia Bilbassy-Charters: Yeah.

Donald Trump: They're the warmest people. Michael's father, so great; his mother so great. They're friends of mine. Michael's such a great young man. He's so great. He's such a smart guy. And they're going to have a baby, and I'm very happy about it.

Nadia Bilbassy-Charters: So, hopefully, peace will come to the Middle East with that.

Donald Trump: It's going to come to the Middle East and, hopefully, within my term. Hopefully, I'm going to win, and I'll bring peace. I'll work with Muhammad, and I'll work with a lot of other people and we're going to bring peace. We did the Abraham Accords. Nobody thought that was even possible -- the four countries.

Donald Trump: And the four countries should be many countries right now. But Biden and Kamala Harris didn't do anything. They sat there stiffs -- total stiffs. They have no idea what they're doing. But if I win, we're going to have peace in the Middle East and soon.

Nadia Bilbassy-Charters: Inshallah.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you very much.

Nadia Bilbassy-Charters: Thank you so much, Mr. President. Thank you.

Donald Trump: And say hello to my friend.

Nadia Bilbassy-Charters: I will.