Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-bill-melugin-fox-news-october-24-2024

Bill Melugin: You've talked about wanting to unify the country if you're elected. If you are president again, in the name of unity, would you consider pardoning Hunter Biden?

Donald Trump: Well, I wouldn't do anything that would be overt in terms of Hunter. It's a sad situation, but I could have done that with Hillary Clinton. I -- she was -- she was -- Crooked Hillary. She's Crooked Hillary. And I said, "Wouldn't it be terrible to take the president of the United States put his wife in jail?" And she was secretary of State aside from everything else.

Donald Trump: You're going to take the president's wife and put her in jail. And I tempted -- you saw that. When they were going to put her, you know, "Lock her up, lock her up," and I'm going, "Nice and easy." People don't remember that, "Nice and easy." And -- and we won. But wouldn't that be terrible? And then I found out that when I came in over nothing -- look, I got two impeachments, and I won.

Donald Trump: I'm winning all the cases. How about the case in Florida? The big case was the one in Florida. I won that case. What they've done is used the FBI, and they've used the department of injustice to go after their political opponent. And it has never been done in this country. And people say am I going to do that? And the answer is no.

Donald Trump: I don't want to do that. It's so bad for the country. The precedent they've set is so bad for our country. But I could have done it with Hillary, and certainly, you do it with Hunter or whatever, but I don't want to do it with Hunter either. And I'll bet you the father probably pardons him. Let's see what happens.

Donald Trump: But he's a bad boy. There's no question about it. But I don't want to hurt people. I really don't. I have to say this. The country has to heal. It has to get better. We have a really -- there's tremendous anger in this country from the stupidity that we're watching. Four years of gross incompetence. Four years of stupidity, and she's worse than he is.

Donald Trump: I believe -- I watched CNN last night. I watched her performance on a town hall or whatever you want to call it. She's not even coherent, and we've had that for four years. We're not going to be able to survive another four years. We're not going to be able to take it for four more years. But I've never seen anybody so inept at speaking.

Donald Trump: I mean, I thought she -- her performance was horrible. I've never seen anything like it for a high -- you know, high-level politician. I can't even believe it. But she did call me a fascist, and everyone knows that's not true. They called me everything until something sticks.

Bill Melugin: She said during that town hall, she believes they've handled the border correctly. CNN pressed her on it. "Would you have done anything different? Do you regret anything?" And she said, "I think we did the right thing."

Donald Trump: Wait a minute. That she's handled it correctly?

Bill Melugin: Correct.

Donald Trump: She said that?

Bill Melugin: She said that. She said, "I think we did the right thing."

Donald Trump: We allowed 21 million people in. We allowed 13,099 murderers. We allowed mental institutions from all over the world. If she said that -- look, she's a grossly incompetent person. And if she said that, they had the worst border in history.

Bill Melugin: I want to give you a chance to respond to your former chief of staff, John Kelly, directly. He said some things about you, essentially accusing you of disparaging American soldiers in an "Atlantic" article. When's the last time you talked to him, and how would you like to respond?

Donald Trump: Years ago. I fired him. He was a bully. He was a bad guy, and he ended up being a weak guy because all bullies end up being weak. And he wasn't a smart guy. It's a bad combination. But I fired him. He made a statement that I'm like Hitler. It's -- just couldn't be further from the truth. It's just the opposite actually.