Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-bill-melugin-fox-news-october-3-2024

Note: [The following is a clip of the complete interview. The complete interview was not released, but referenced in the broadcast. The clip appears unedited. Video courtesy of Fox News.]

Bill Melugin: We're up to more than 200 people dead from Hurricane Helene. I'm sure you saw yesterday, DHS says FEMA doesn't have enough money to last hurricane season. What's your reaction to hearing that?

Donald Trump: Well, they're doing a very bad job. They've given over $1 billion to illegal migrants that came in, and now, they have no money for North Carolina, for Georgia, for South Carolina, and Alabama, Tennessee, and Florida. I think that's a disgrace. This is a country that's being run by fools.

Bill Melugin: Biden says that Israel should not target Iranian nuke facilities. What are your thoughts on that? What should Israel respond?

Donald Trump: I mean, that's the craziest thing I've ever heard. That's the biggest risk we have. The biggest risk we have is nuclear. I mean, to make the statement, "Please leave their nuclear alone," I would tell you that that's not the right answer. That was the craziest answer because you know what? Soon, they're going to have nuclear weapons, and then you're going to have problems.

Bill Melugin: What's your reaction to Melania's memoir about championing -- championing abortion rights and reproductive freedom? When you read it, what were your thoughts?

Donald Trump: We spoke about it, and I said, "You have to write what you believe. I'm not going to tell you what to do. You have to write what you believe." She's very beloved. People love our former first lady. I can tell you that. But I said, "You have to stick with your heart." I've said that to everybody: you have to go with your heart.

Donald Trump: There are some people that are very, very far right on the issue, meaning without exceptions. And then there are other people that view it a little bit differently than that.

Bill Melugin: Kamala Harris is out on the campaign trail today with Liz Cheney. Your thoughts on that?

Donald Trump: Well, Liz Cheney lost for Congress. She was terrible. Liz Cheney is a stupid war hawk. All she wants to do is shoot missiles at people. I really think it hurts. I think, frankly, if Kamala -- I think they hurt each other. I think they're so bad, both of them.

Bill Melugin: What he found is CBP, ICE, and TSA have been releasing migrants into the country without ID and letting them board airplanes to fly domestically. And they say there's a risk with that. What are your thoughts on seeing that report?

Donald Trump: Well, you don't have to know too much to know there's a risk. There's a risk with that like nobody's ever seen before. They have no idea who these people are, where they come from, where they're going. They just release them and -- like water coming into the country. I wish it was just water. There's no country in the world that would allow this to happen.