Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-steve-sebelius-ktnv-las-vegas-september-14-2024

Steve Sebelius: Mr. President, we know that here in Nevada, the No. 1 issue is the economy.

Donald Trump: Right.

Steve Sebelius: And -- and what -- I wanted to find out from you. What one policy or program would you pursue that you think is most important that would help local Las Vegans in terms of the economy?

Donald Trump: And I think maybe the whole country. We're going to have interest rates coming down very rapidly because the interest rates are so high right now. You can't buy a home. It's -- we were at 2 percent, 2.2 percent. And they're now at 10 percent, but you can't get any money. So, interest rates are going to be very important, the availability of money.

Donald Trump: As far as hotel workers and things, as you know, no tax on tips is going to be very good. Also, as you -- as we announced last week, and I think it's going to be even maybe in a certain way, more important, no tax on overtime. And then, for the seniors, which will be fantastic because they've been devastated by inflation, this makes up for it, this will just about make up for it, we're going to have no tax on Social Security benefits.

Donald Trump: So, those three things are going to be great for this area.

Steve Sebelius: Yeah, absolutely. Working people, seniors would all benefit from those things. Let me ask you this. Once you take that revenue out of the -- of the federal budget, how are you going to replace that?

Donald Trump: We're going to have tremendous growth. We're going to have, you know, drill, baby, drill. We have more liquid gold under our feet than anybody else. And we're going to be charging countries that have been ripping us off for years with tariffs. And the tariffs will make us -- we'll have money like we've never had before.

Donald Trump: We're going to charge countries that -- it's a one-way street. For many, many years, it's been that way. In fact, I did a lot of it with China. I charged them hundreds of billions of dollars in taxes, and we had no inflation, essentially no inflation. But we're going to have countries that have been hurting us and ripping us for years, taking advantage of us on trade and everything else.

Donald Trump: They're going to pay tariffs. And, you know, the word tariff, sort of in some people, and I say not very smart people, but in some people's minds, tariff is a dirty word. It's not a dirty word. To me, it's the most beautiful word there is. It's not going to raise your, you know, inflation. It's not going to do -- all it's going to do is get you even.

Donald Trump: So, we have a tremendous deficit under Biden-Harris or Harris-Biden, however, you want to figure it, we're losing $2 trillion a year. With the tariffs, we can get that number down to a very manageable number. Even, ultimately, we can break it even. And it's going to generate tremendous growth because rather than paying the tariffs, there is no tariff.

Donald Trump: If you build your plant in the United States, like the autoworkers, the autoworkers are going to be out of business. We're not going to have any autoworkers anymore. It's going to all go through China and other countries, including Mexico, by the way. And we charge tariffs, we put tariffs on those cars.

Donald Trump: They're not going to be able to sell them. And, therefore, they're wasting their time in building the plant. But we'll say, "Build the plant over here. If you build that plant over here, there's no tariff." And they're going to end up building the plants over here. We're going to bring back the autoworkers.

Donald Trump: We're going to bring back business. We're going to bring back manufacturing. And we were doing it. And then, when we got hit with the COVID, we had to focus on the COVID, but we were just starting to do it. We had everything fixed. We made the USMCA deal, which people love, one of the best trade deals we've ever made.

Donald Trump: But we're going to be doing it, and we're going to bring back manufacturing. And a big part of that is going to be the automobile manufacturing.

Steve Sebelius: Do you worry, though, sir, that if the -- if you put tariffs on those foreign goods, that prices will increase and that will wipe out any advantage of your no tax on tips, no tax on overtime, no tax on Social Security?

Donald Trump: What it's going to actually do is take away the profit that these countries are making. This is just eating into -- they're going to still make plenty, but they're not going to make the kind of money they've made over the last 40 years. I mean, for 40 years, you take a look, I mean, Mexico is making $230 billion deficit we have with Mexico.

Donald Trump: And they're going to make much less and maybe break even. But we have to do that because it's not even sustainable. That's why $35 trillion in debt, the United States, we're going to actually start paying off debt. And we're going to also drill. We're going to use our -- our resource. Again, we have more liquid oil.

Donald Trump: We have more liquid gold, let's call it, under our feet than any country in the world, more than Saudi Arabia. Believe it or not, more than Saudi Arabia, more than Russia. I did something, ANWR in Alaska, as you know. Ronald Reagan wanted to do it. Everybody wanted to do it. They say it's the largest field in the world, bigger than Saudi Arabia, the same size or bigger, bigger than Texas probably.

Donald Trump: You know, you never know exactly what it is until you get in there and do it. But they say it's potentially the biggest field in the world. And I got it done. Ronald Reagan tried, everybody tried, they couldn't get it done. I got it done. They were ready to start drilling, and Biden, in this case, Biden, maybe her, too, stopped it in their first week in office, stopped it.

Donald Trump: It was 50, 60 years, they've been trying to get it, they stopped it. I'll start that up again. I think I'll be able to get it quickly because we have gotten it done so we know what to do to reinvigorate. But ANWR is -- was a great disappointment. Nobody could believe that they did that. There was no reason to do it.

Donald Trump: And here we have all of this oil sitting there, and Alaska wanted it so badly. It would have been the greatest economic development program they've ever had. But the oil itself and what they have would have been great for the country. You know, when you ask how are you going to get the country moving? Here's a perfect example.

Donald Trump: So, we'll be starting that and many other things. And the word is growth. We're going to have tremendous growth.

Steve Sebelius: But -- but those foreign countries paying those tariffs, won't they pass those along? If they -- if they passed a tax on golf memberships, you would probably, at your resorts, pass that along to your members, right? You wouldn't have just absorb it.

Donald Trump: It sort of depends on the market, not necessarily. You look like you might be a golfer, actually, but not really necessarily.

Steve Sebelius: Not a good one, sir.

Donald Trump: Not a good one. There aren't too many good ones around, I'll tell you.

Steve Sebelius: So, they won't --

Donald Trump: No, not really. I think that you're going to find and I think when we do it. And different countries also will be tariffed differently. You know, there are some that make tremendous margins on us. We have countries -- I won't go into it now, but we have countries that are charging us 200 percent and 250 and 300 percent, and we charge them nothing.

Donald Trump: And it's insane. And you just can't do it. And it's really not sustainable. It's not sustainable. There are certain countries that -- I mean, I'd rather not mention them now because I'll be mentioning them if and when we win. But they're going to have to pay up, and it's not going to have inflationary -- if anything, it's going to go the opposite.

Donald Trump: We're going to be paying off debt because we have too much debt. As a country, we have too much debt. And we have to start making money because I consider deficits. And a lot of people disagree. They say a deficit doesn't mean anything. You've heard that. They say deficits don't mean anything. Well, I view it as profit and loss in a certain way.

Donald Trump: And we have to, at a minimum, break even or make something. And, you know, China is making now with us $1 trillion, $1 trillion. They're building their military with it. And I had it down to about 250. You know, when I came in, it was $518 billion deficit. Can you imagine? And it was heading south. When Covid came, we had to play all a different game.

Donald Trump: Everybody had to play a different game. But we were getting it down rapidly. But now, I understand it's over $1 trillion with -- with her and with him. They've done a terrible job.

Steve Sebelius: How critical is an issue is the national debt? And how, specifically, would you try to bring that down if you're reelected?

Donald Trump: Well, the way you bring it down is through really great growth. Also, you bring it down with tariffs because these countries are making all of our product. You know, when you have a 100 percent tariff on a nation, better than the money is the fact that they're not going to want to pay it very long, and they're going to build a plant here.

Donald Trump: If they build a plant here, there is no tariff. So, we're going to do it through growth. We're going to have very rapid growth. And we're going to do it -- we're going to do it quickly and effectively. And it's going to make a lot of money, and we're going to start paying down our debt. We have to pay -- we have to start paying down our debt.

Steve Sebelius: Mr. President here in Nevada and I think elsewhere in the country, there's a group called Republicans for Harris. I spoke to one of their members here the other day. What's your reaction to people who are Republicans who say they're going to vote for Kamala Harris? People such as Dick Cheney and other members of this group. They're not all RINOs, are they?

Donald Trump: A lot of them are RINOs, I will say that. But we have a lot of people that are Democrats that are voting for me because they can't stand the open borders anymore. They can't stand the stupid financial -- as an example, I terminated the Russian pipeline, the biggest pipeline in the world. It's called Nord Stream 2.

Donald Trump: Nobody ever heard of Nord Stream 2, Nord Stream 2. And he comes in, he lets them build that, and he terminates Keystone XL Pipeline, which was so important for us as a country. But I guess, I don't know, the union got to him, somebody got to him. Maybe it was actually the union wanted it to be built.

Donald Trump: I guess it was the environmentalists. And environmentally, having something underground is better than having trucks all over the highways. So, I have many Democrats that are voting for me. And largely, if you think of it, the Cheneys like war, I don't like war. Liz Cheney is, you know, she's like gone berserk.

Donald Trump: She lost with the greatest margin, the greatest margin in the history of Congress. Nobody's ever lost by so much as she has. And her father stayed with her. And that's OK, I didn't know the father very well. I did give a pardon to Scooter Libby, and Bush wouldn't do it. And Cheney and Bush didn't speak over it because Cheney thought it should be done.

Donald Trump: But I gave a pardon to against a lot of people saying don't do that, but I thought he got treated very unfairly. I gave a pardon to Scooter Libby, which Cheney wanted to have done. He was begging Bush to do it. Bush would not do it. I did it because I thought Scooter Libby was treated unfairly. But he -- and he also was one of the first ones to endorse me.

Donald Trump: But the bottom line is, he didn't. But I have many people -- many more people are leaving the Democrats to support me. We have a numbers that I've never seen before because they want to have strong borders and they want to have drill, baby, drill. And they want to have all the things that we do, and they want to have a lot of growth in our country.

Donald Trump: And this area, as you know, we just had a poll, and we're leading in this area. And I think we will. And the workers like me because they like the no tax on tips. They love the idea of no tax on the overtime because they want to work overtime, and they don't want to give up half of their overtime because of the fact that, you know, they have some obscure rule.

Donald Trump: So, I think -- I think we're doing very well. I do think, very importantly, is on the Social Security because the Social Security, the seniors have gotten wiped out. And when I say no tax on Social Security benefits, every senior should run and vote for me because it's going to be good. But, you know, I've loved this area.

Donald Trump: We have a very successful job here, the Trump Hotel. And it's been just great from the day we built it, and we've had great luck. I was just there. I stay here, stay there. And we appreciate you coming over.

Steve Sebelius: Absolutely. One last question, Mr. President. I know you have to go. If there was a Republican for Harris here in the room with us, what would you tell that person in terms of persuading them to vote for you as opposed to vote for Harris?

Donald Trump: I probably wouldn't tell them anything because usually it would be maybe a personality problem. Maybe they don't like the way I was tough on China. You know, a lot of them don't want me to be tough on China. A lot of them don't want me to be tough on anybody because they're taken care of by people. You saw that.

Donald Trump: You saw that with Biden. He gets money from so many -- his family gets money from so many different countries. And a lot of it's that. But for every one they have, I have many. I have so many that have left the Democrats, and they've come here. I mean, the governor of West Virginia, a fantastic man, and -- Big Jim, I call him.

Donald Trump: He left the Democrats, and he became a Republican. And now, he's going to win the election. He's going to win very easily. So, we have a lot of them too.

Steve Sebelius: Well, thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Steve Sebelius: Thanks for hosting us here. This is a beautiful property.

Donald Trump: Good interview. Thank you.

Steve Sebelius: Thank you. Absolutely.

Donald Trump: Thank you.