Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-fox-news-volodymyr-zelenskyy-ukraine-september-27-2024

Question: How was your meeting? What did you discuss?

Donald Trump: We had a very good meeting, very productive meeting. And relationship is absolutely, I would say, fantastic. It's great. And I think a lot was learned, and it will all end. It'll end for everybody's benefit. And that's very important, very important thing to do. We had a very productive meeting.

Question: When you say productive, did you discuss any plans for how to end this war? Would Ukraine agree to ceding any land? Were any of those details discussed?

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Thank you so much for this meeting. Really, it was a very good meeting, productive. And I shared all the details. We spoke about the details, what's going on, on the battlefield, and what -- what's with our people. So important from me. I wanted very much President Trump to hear, especially from me, the details what's going on in Ukraine.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: And we count on the support of the United States. We're thankful for this meeting.

Question: When you discuss support from the United States, is there a vision what that support would look like if President Trump is back in the Oval Office?

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I -- I presented yesterday the plan to the President Biden, and I said that both candidates, I have to present our view how we can be strong. And, of course, the strongest of our soldiers, our people, of course, it will bring us closer to the peace. We need just peace. We need just peace. It's so important to have just peace for the people, especially for the families who -- you know, who -- who lost their children. And it's a big tragedy.

Question: President Trump, have you changed your thoughts on how this war should end, what you think should be done? Or do you still stand by some of the previous statements --

Donald Trump: Well, I learned a lot, but I think I haven't changed from the standpoint that we both want to see this end, and we both want to see a fair deal made. And it's got to be fair, and I think that'll happen at the right time. I think it's going to happen. The president wants it to end, and he wants it to end as quickly as possible.

Donald Trump: He wants a fair transaction to take place. And I think -- I mean, right now, I'm campaigning. So, right now, I don't have much to do with it other than we're doing very well in terms of the campaign. And I've been saying that I believe if I win, we're going to have a very fair and, I think, actually rather rapid deal.

Donald Trump: It should stop. And the president wants it to stop. And I'm sure President Putin wants it to stop. And that's a good combination. So, we want to have a fair deal for everybody.

Question: What do you envision is fair?

Donald Trump: Well, it's too early to say that. I mean, I have my own ideas, and I'm sure the president definitely has his own ideas. But it has to be fair.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: This war shouldn't be started, and I think that -- the problem that Putin killed so many people. And, of course, we need to do -- to do everything to pressure him to stop this war. And he is on our territory. That is the most important to understand. He is on our territory and how to stop the war to pressure him as -- as we can -- as we can. We have to do it.

Question: And do you think the US is the best [inaudible] with it?

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Yes, I see the leader. Yes, I see the leader of support. I see the leader in the -- in the world. And -- and, of course, we are really -- we value the support of the United States. We are thankful to the United States, to the people of America. And, of course, we understand that United States can be the leader through any negotiation.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: You know that we have the peace summit, and we want to organize the second one. And we count -- we count on this support.

Question: I know you're both in a rush. Last question, will there be another meeting in the near future between you?

Donald Trump: Could very well happen. But I think the president said it the best. This is a war that should have never happened. It should have never happened, and it wouldn't have happened. It's a shame. But this is a war that should have never happened. And we'll get it solved. It's a complicated puzzle, very complicated puzzle, but we'll get it solved.

Donald Trump: And people get on with their lives. Too many people dead, too many beautiful cities. I've seen those cities. They're so beautiful. And they -- you know, for -- I don't know how you can ever rebuild them the way they were. It's not possible.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: You have to come back, by the way, to see our cities. It's --

Donald Trump: I will -- it's a -- it's a beautiful country, beautiful weather, beautiful -- beautiful everything. But we have to get this over with.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But it's a war, and the president agrees, this is a war that should have never happened. OK? Thank you very much.

Question: Thank you very much.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Thank you so much. Thank you very much.