Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-dasha-burns-nbc-news-august-29-2024

Dasha Burns: I know you're going to make some news today. IVF has been an issue that's -- has become political.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Dasha Burns: A lot of people talking about it. What's -- what's the Trump administration going to do when it comes to IVF if you get elected?

Donald Trump: Right. Well, as you know, I was always for IVF, right from the beginning, as soon as we heard about it. It's fertilization, and it's helping women and men and families, but it's helping women able to have a baby. Some have great difficulty, and a lot of them have been very happy with the results, as you know.

Donald Trump: And what we're doing -- and we're doing this because we just think it's great and we need great children, beautiful children in our country. We actually need them. And we are going to be -- under the Trump administration, we are going to be paying for that treatment. So, we are paying for that treatment, or we're going --

Dasha Burns: All -- all Americans who want it?

Donald Trump: All -- for all Americans that get it. All Americans that need it. So, we're going to be paying for that treatment or we're going to be mandating that the insurance company pay.

Dasha Burns: So, either -- either the government will pay for it or the insurance companies will cover it.

Donald Trump: Under a mandate, yes.

Dasha Burns: Florida, the state that you are a resident of, there's an abortion-related amendment --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Dasha Burns: On the ballot to overturn the six-week ban in Florida. How are you going to vote on that?

Donald Trump: Well, I think the six week is too short. It has to be more time. And so, that's -- and I've told them that I want more weeks.

Dasha Burns: So, you'll vote in favor of the amendment?

Donald Trump: I'm -- I'm voting that -- I am going to be voting that we need more than six weeks. Look, just so you understand, everybody wanted Roe v. Wade terminated for years, 52 years. I got it done. They wanted it to go back to the states. Exceptions are very important for me, for Ronald Reagan, for others that have navigated this very, very interesting and difficult path.

Donald Trump: Our country has been torn apart by Roe v. Wade, for years, for years. And if you go back 10 years, 15 years, all they wanted to do is they wanted it back in the states. They didn't want it to be in the federal government. I was able to do that. I believe in exceptions for life of the mother, if -- if you look, incest, rape.

Donald Trump: I was asked to go there by people who lost their child because of Biden and Harris. Because their pullout was so bad of Afghanistan, they lost their child. And all of a sudden, I hear that somebody that I have no idea who it is got into an argument with somebody else at the cemetery about pictures being taken.

Donald Trump: I took them at the request of the families, and I'm very happy I did.

Dasha Burns: Should your campaign have put out those videos and photos?

Donald Trump: Well, we have a lot of people. You know, we have people, TikTok people. You know, we're leading the internet. They could --

Dasha Burns: But on that hallowed ground, should that -- they have put out the images of those --

Donald Trump: Well, I don't know what the rules and regulations are. I don't know who did it. And I -- it could have been them. It could have been the parents. It could have been somebody.

Dasha Burns: It was your campaign's TikTok, though, that put out the --

Donald Trump: OK. I really don't know anything about it. All I do is I stood there and I said, "If you'd like to have a picture, we can have a picture."

Dasha Burns: I wonder, having come so close, do you feel safe these days?

Donald Trump: It was incredible that that happened, that I was turned at that particular point where something -- the shooters would say it was like almost 100 percent that bad things would have happened. So, I view it as, you know, a very positive event. Maybe it's positive because somebody wants me to take care of our country, which is failing so badly.