Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-tom-hauser-5-eyewitness-news-st-paul-new-york-may-15-2024

Tom Hauser: On Tuesday morning, former President Donald Trump appeared at a courthouse in New York City for Day 2 of testimony from his former attorney, Michael Cohen.

Donald Trump: We think we have a really good shot at Minnesota.

Tom Hauser: Just an hour earlier, the former president spoke to 5 Eyewitness News from Trump Tower before heading to court. He agreed to an interview about why he decided to speak at a Minnesota Republican Party dinner this week. I think, at one point, you vowed never to come back to Minnesota after you lost the state in 2020. Is this a signal that you think you have a realistic chance to win the state of Minnesota in 2024?

Donald Trump: Well, I never said I'd never come back. I never even thought of that. I thought I won in 2020 easily.

Tom Hauser: He actually did say it at a rally in Duluth in September of 2020 and appeared to be joking.

Donald Trump: If I lose Minnesota, I'm never coming back. I don't care. I'm never coming back.

Tom Hauser: Trump lost Minnesota by seven points in 2020 but says he's serious about his chances of winning Minnesota in 2024.

Donald Trump: We think we have a really good shot at Minnesota, where we have great friendships up there. We've done a lot for industry. We've done a lot for everything in Minnesota, worked hard on Minnesota. Tom Emmer is very much involved.

Tom Emmer: If these last few weeks have proven anything --

Tom Hauser: Republican Congressman Tom Emmer is now chairing Trump's Minnesota campaign. The two worked out their differences after Trump opposed Emmer's bid to be House speaker.

Donald Trump: The economy is killing everybody.

Tom Hauser: When Trump speaks to Minnesota Republicans, he says he will focus on the economy and inflation, key issues to voters in our KSTP/SurveyUSA poll.

Donald Trump: Minnesota is a great example of that. Minnesota is getting just absolutely killed by inflation.

Tom Hauser: Minnesota's inflation rate of 3.26% is in the top half of highest state inflation rates, but unemployment of 2.7% is the seventh lowest. Because of a judge's gag order, we were not allowed to ask specifically about the New York trial, but I did ask the former president about the impact his trial might have on voters, including if there is a guilty verdict.

Tom Hauser: Are you concerned your legal troubles could cost you a very close election?

Donald Trump: Well, it's certainly something that has never been done before in this country. It's the witch hunts. It's the weaponization of government. You know, we have people from the Justice Department that are helping out the DA in New York.

Tom Hauser: I also asked the former president if he's concerned by polls showing voters viewing both he and President Biden unfavorably.

Donald Trump: Well, I hear that question a lot because the Democrats put it up. They say we have two unpopular people running, but I'm not unpopular. I'm at 95% of the Republican Party, which is higher than Ronald Reagan, who was at 86%.