Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-brett-winterble-wbt-charlotte-july-24-2024

Brett Winterble: Let me welcome Donald Trump to WBT.

Donald Trump: Hello, Brett. Absolutely. Thank you.

Brett Winterble: It is a -- it's a pleasure to have you here, and we're looking forward to you being here this afternoon and this evening on a momentous occasion. And we're very excited about you being here in town. I wanted to start with just a basic question. Obviously, a lot of developments in the last couple of days and even a week.

Brett Winterble: With the Biden-Harris administration and all the damage that's been done, how quickly can we expect to see the border fixed and -- and all of the stuff that has gone so horribly wrong in these last three and a half years? How -- how quickly will we start to see some changes, sir?

Donald Trump: Immediately, Brett. We're going to immediately close the border. They have it wide open. Millions and millions of people are coming in from jails and from mental institutions. And terrorists are pouring in at levels that nobody's seen before. It's just crazy. And, you know, she's worse than he is because she's far more liberal.

Donald Trump: She's the most liberal senator, well beyond Bernie Sanders, if that's possible. I didn't even realize it. I realized it yesterday when I read reports. And I said this is unbelievable. She's rated as the most liberal senator. This is not exactly the values of North Carolina or, frankly, I think any place else.

Donald Trump: Close your jails, defund the police, all of the things that, you know, you thought maybe you were sort of over, but they're not over. I mean, they're really not over. So, she's worse than Biden. And so, we'll see how it all works out. But we will close those borders immediately. I had the safest border in the -- the safest border we've ever had.

Donald Trump: You know, we had numbers down so low. In fact that chart actually, I think, saved my life by moving to my right to show that chart. It was a chart on how well we did with immigration. And the bullet clipped me, but it didn't clip me badly by comparison to what it could have done. And you know -- you know that story.

Donald Trump: I looked to the right. It was about the immigration chart. So, I'm very proud of that immigration chart, I must tell you.

Brett Winterble: I'd be remiss if I didn't ask you on behalf of the people of Charlotte. How are you feeling -- especially not just physically, but how are you feeling with all of this new eyewitness video coming out, the gang that couldn't shoot straight and all that sort of stuff with -- with the -- with the Secret Service and the -- and the, obviously, the removal or the resignation of Cheatle yesterday? Your thoughts on these developments.

Donald Trump: Well, it's typical Biden stuff. It's another agency that was not run correctly. You know, I know that our people were asking for more help, and they would never give it. And they would always make it such a big deal, and they'd give him everything he needed. He'd have 20 people. I'd have 45,000, 50,000 people.

Donald Trump: And we never had -- I know that they were constantly complaining about it, the people on the ground, that we need more. But he'd go and make a speech in front of nobody. I mean, nobody would ever show up for his -- I mean, literally, almost nobody, 20 people. And we'd have 45,000, 50,000 people. So, we would always asking for help.

Donald Trump: And it was always really like -- like pulling teeth. It was tough. It was very tough with -- with them. And this was run by just another failed Biden deal. And it shouldn't have happened. She shouldn't have been in charge. From day one, she shouldn't have been in charge. And she was, and it didn't work out well.

Donald Trump: I mean, we lost a great gentleman, great supporter, Corey, fireman, the fire chief, and two wonderful guys were badly injured. They're doing OK now. But it's a -- it's a tough go for them, but they're doing OK. They're going to make it. But this shouldn't have happened. This shouldn't have happened ever.

Brett Winterble: Isn't it incredible, whether it's 9/11, whether it's the mortgage meltdowns, whether it's -- it's the crises that come and go, they always blame the system failing, but they never fix the system, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: That's right. They don't fix the system. And you see the systems are broken down with certain people, everything that we've had. I mean, you could go back four years from the time he took over. Nothing's gone well. The world is falling apart. We're falling apart. We're being laughed at as a country. The border is the worst it's ever been.

Donald Trump: The Afghanistan withdrawal was a disaster. That caused a lot of problems. I mean, Putin saw that. He went into Ukraine. He was never going to go into Ukraine. Israeli attack would have never happened on October 7th. I mean, this administration is a disaster. There's not one thing that they did right, not one thing.

Donald Trump: They spent all their money on the green new scam, doing windmills all over the place that don't work. I mean, everything -- everything they've done has been bad. There's not one accomplishment that -- if you're looking at it legitimately, I mean, I'm watching the fake news go out and say, oh, now -- all of a sudden for the first time, she's wonderful.

Donald Trump: Everybody was just -- I mean, she was so bad. She's so bad. There was nobody worse than her. And now, they're going out saying, "Oh, isn't it wonderful?" You know, they're building her up. I've never seen anything like it. They're even building Biden up. Somebody said, isn't it brave that he left? He left because the bosses of the party told him, you better get out or we're coming after you with the 25th Amendment. That's why he left. The whole thing is crazy.

Brett Winterble: Strategy changed now. She obviously got 3,000 people at a -- at a high school gym yesterday in Wisconsin. She's now your direct opponent instead of Biden. How much of a priority are you going to put on, not just taking her off the table or Biden off the table, but also the stuff that's going to have to happen at the down-ballot level, the House and the Senate?

Brett Winterble: It's an existential threat what we're seeing right now, and can you kind of talk about that strategy?

Donald Trump: Well, I'm working very hard with the House and the Senate, and we're going to have some big surprises I think. I think we're going to do really well at the Senate level, and I think we're going to do very well at the House level for certain reasons that I'll tell you about. But, you know, I'm going to get personally involved with a lot of those races.

Donald Trump: And I'm -- I'm outperforming everybody, you know, with the poll numbers. and I'm going to get very involved with that. I think we're going to do very well with the House and Senate. And you're right. It is very important. You know, interestingly you mentioned yesterday's rally or whatever you'd call it.

Brett Winterble: Yeah.

Donald Trump: They say she had 3,000, but it was much less than that. But if I ever had 3,000, they'd give me front-page headlines that nobody showed up. And very interestingly, when I have 107,000 people like in New Jersey -- I had 107,000 people, they never talk about the crowd. They just say Trump was in New Jersey, blah, blah, blah.

Donald Trump: I had 107,000 people. We had 88,000 people in South Carolina, they don't make a big deal. She had supposedly three, but it was absolutely less than three. It wasn't even close to 3,000 And they kept talking about yesterday, "Oh, what a massive crowd." It is so unfair. It's really disgraceful. And after a while, you become numb to it, and you just have to laugh.

Donald Trump: It's so dishonest. It's so incredible, hence the term fake news, you know? It's one of those things.

Brett Winterble: And she even tried to take your line. The crowd was trying to take your line, lock 'em up.

Donald Trump: Well, you know, on that, that's interesting. So, they weaponized the Justice Department. They go after me. They indict me. They do all sorts of things that are unthinkable, and then they call me a criminal. You know, it's like they use that stuff. I never had any problem. If I didn't run, I wouldn't have had anything.

Donald Trump: And I won the big case in Florida, you know that. And won some other great things, and we're going to have a lot of victories. But, you know -- and what I've done. But think of it, they indict me, they get all the local DA's and everything else all run through the Justice Department, and then they go around calling me a criminal.

Donald Trump: I mean, how bad -- and that's going to be their theme, you know, I'm a criminal and she's a prosecutor. She's a failed prosecutor. She destroyed California. She didn't prosecute people that were murderers, and she didn't prosecute the people that she should have been -- she's a -- she's one of the reasons that California went bad. And -- and it has gone really bad.

Brett Winterble: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But think of it. They indict me, and then they call me a criminal. It's unbelievable how unfair it is.

Brett Winterble: Your granddaughter, Kai, was amazing at the convention. Your son, Barron, is an unbelievably great young man who's got a bright future in front of him. I have a son who is two years older than Kai, and he's in college right now. What's your message for this age group, this Gen Z age group, who's going to inherit this country very, very shortly?

Brett Winterble: How do we get them to continue to have the hope and the -- the -- the outlook?

Donald Trump: It's such a great question because there's so much negativity, you know, with the open borders and criminals pouring into our country and all of the things that you see happening, the Green New Deal, where we spend trillions of dollars and all we do is create inflation out of it. I mean, all we got out of the Green New Deal is inflation.

Donald Trump: It's such a great question. Look, we're going to create the American dream again. We have to get elected. We have to change things. We have to have elections that are fair. We have to have borders that are closed and people come in, but they come in legally. We're going to do incentivize companies. We're going to do just like I did.

Donald Trump: We had the most successful economy in history by far. And then when COVID came in, we did a great job in COVID, got no credit for that. I got a -- I actually got a lot of credit on the economy and things, but -- and the military, we rebuilt the military. We gave the largest tax cuts. We gave the largest -- the largest -- virtually, everything we did was great.

Donald Trump: If you look at restrictions on business, we gave the greatest cuts. Nobody's ever seen anything. I mean, businesses couldn't even function. We had the -- but we created the greatest economy ever. Much of that's been terminated by these people. They walk in and terminate it. But we're creating -- we created the American dream.

Donald Trump: Everybody was working, young people, old people, Black, white, Asian, everybody. Hispanic has been through the roof. And we're going to do that again, but we're going to do it even better. And I've learned so much in terms of people. I've learned in terms of process. We can get this going fast. We have to do something about all of these criminals that have been poured into our country because, you know, you ask about your -- your sons and your daughters and all of the people that we're talking about.

Donald Trump: I mean, we have to have a safe country. We have millions of people let in here from prisons and jails. Where -- did you notice Venezuela, crime is down 72%. Other countries, their crimes are way down. And this is all over the world. They're dumping their criminals into our country. It's not even possible to believe that we can have people that allowed this to happen.

Donald Trump: It ends the day I get into office. We are going to create a magnificent country. We have to start from a very low bottom because our country has never been -- you know, we were a respected country four years ago. We were energy-independent, so many things happened. And now, you look, and you see what's going on.

Donald Trump: We're not a respected country anymore. People don't like us. They don't listen to us. And frankly, they just don't respect us. So, we're going to change it. We're going to make it great. We're going to make it very optimistic. It's interesting when I speak to a guy like you that loves the country that sees so much.

Donald Trump: I mean, I know all about you. You have a great show, but you're an optimist and so am I. But when you mention all of these bad things that they've done, but we're going to straighten it out. We're going to create the American dream, and the kids are going to have a great future. They've got to, otherwise, we don't have a country.

Brett Winterble: The Carolinas are known for their great golf courses. Do you have a particular favorite?

Donald Trump: Right. No, but the place is a favorite. I mean, if you look at the place now, let's see. Pinehurst is certainly good. I mean, you have -- you have a lot of great -- you know, you have a lot of great -- you have places that are incredible in the Carolinas, OK?. And I do have one that's particularly good, and I think it's one of my favorite courses.

Donald Trump: And it's right on Lake Norman. It happens to have the name Trump on it. You know that, right?. Do you play golf? Do you play golf?

Brett Winterble: Very poorly, sir. Very poorly. But I always love watching you play. And I had a chance to work with Rush Limbaugh for a period of time. And -- and I know how much passion he had so...

Donald Trump: Oh, you're so good.

Brett Winterble: You --

Donald Trump: He did. He had a golf passion, I'll tell you. You know, Trump National in Lake Norman is such a -- such a great place. I love it. I wish I could get to play a little bit more, but it's one of those things, you know? You don't get -- you don't get out too often, but we're going to be there today. We're going to have a great rally.

Donald Trump: It's going to be a great time, and I hope you can be there. It'd be great to meet you.

Brett Winterble: I appreciate all you're doing, all your service, and your family's service as well. All the best, stay safe, and we look forward to catching up with you here in -- in the Queen City. Thanks so much, sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you very much. See you soon. Bye.

Brett Winterble: You're very welcome.