Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-jon-delano-cbs-pittsburgh-new-york-may-21-2024

Jon Delano: So, well, before I get into some policy issues, let me just ask you this. As you know, your trial in New York is about to wrap up. Do you think the outcome, whether acquitted or guilty, has any impact on voters in Pennsylvania?

Donald Trump: I think it has no impact at all. I think it has been driving up -- this trial is a rigged trial with a judge who's a crooked judge and a conflicted judge, highly conflicted. He went crazy yesterday because a witness was so good for me. And it's a very rigged situation. The public has seen it. Even if convicted, I think that it has absolutely no impact.

Donald Trump: It may drive the numbers up, but we don't want that. We want to have a fair verdict. So, we'll see what happens. But we're winning the trial. It shouldn't even be a trial. As you know, you're watching like everybody else, it shouldn't even be a trial.

Jon Delano: Let me go right to some policy issues, Mr. President. Both you and President Biden oppose Nippon Steel's purchase of U.S. steel. And both of you have imposed trade restrictions, especially on China. So, why should supporters of American steel and steelworkers, in general, support you over President Biden on trade issues?

Donald Trump: Well, I'm much better. He just copied me. He always copies me because, ultimately, I turn out to be right, especially on economic things and foreign policy. I've been right on everything. He is a guy -- he just put some tariffs on the electric cars he should have done in three years ago to protect our market.

Donald Trump: Should have done it three years ago. He's slow to the draw, has no idea what he's doing, and he's the worst president in the history of this country. And he's putting us out of business with his borders and all of the bad decisions he's made. Afghanistan, the -- the way they got out was the most embarrassing day in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: We wouldn't think of it. We wouldn't have Russia going into Ukraine. You wouldn't have had the attack on Israel. We wouldn't have inflation right now. We'd be energy-independent. We were energy-independent four years ago. Now, we're not. He's a terrible president. Nippon Steel

Jon Delano: Is there something more that you would do, though, on trade issues to protect steel -- steel jobs?

Donald Trump: Yeah, sure. I'd raise tariffs. I'd raise tariffs, and I'd raise them substantially. I'm the one that saved the steel industry with tariffs. His is just a limited thing. I saved it with tariffs. And they have to go up, and they have to go up substantially.

Jon Delano: Let me ask about the abortion issue because, as you know, that's an important one here in Pennsylvania. You can get an abortion up to 24 weeks of pregnancy. You have said that states should be free to make their own decisions on this issue. But as you know, there are some on both sides who want federal legislation.

Jon Delano: So, let's be crystal clear on your view, Mr. President. Will you veto any federal legislation that would restrict or curtail Pennsylvanians' current abortion law?

Donald Trump: No, I'm not into the federal. I just took it out of federal. We did something that everybody wanted. Everybody said also it couldn't be done. We got rid of Roe v Wade, which brought it back to the states. For 52 years, that's what people wanted to do. They wanted to bring abortion, they wanted to bring that whole thing back to the states.

Donald Trump: And then you have your vote. Ohio had a vote. Ohio had a somewhat liberal ending also, you know, if you look at what happened. Kansas had a somewhat liberal ending. And some, on the other hand, go a different way, but it's bringing it back to the people. It's the vote of the people within the states. And it's now a states issue.

Donald Trump: And that's what everybody wanted it to be for many, many years, for 50 years. Then I got that done. Now, it's the vote of the people. Pennsylvania is one way and Texas is another way, but that's what the people wanted.

Jon Delano: So, if Congress passes a 15-week bill, you'd veto it?

Donald Trump: I don't think there'd be any reason for it because all the states are going to have their own. It's very interesting. All of the states now, we just got out of the federal government. They couldn't pass anything. Congress couldn't pass, the Senate couldn't pass. And it's really not up to Congress. It's up to, you know, a whole group of people beyond Congress in front of and behind.

Donald Trump: But they wanted to get out of Congress. They wanted to get out of the federal government. And that's what they do. And now, the states have taken these issues, and they're going -- and they're voting. It's really become a vote of the people within the states. And that's what people have wanted, and that's what the legal scholars wanted.

Donald Trump: Everybody wanted it. And it's calming down. It's really amazing. It's brought this issue, and it's really calmed it down. It's a vote of the people.

Jon Delano: So, related to this is the whole issue of contraceptives. Do you support any restrictions on a person's right to contraception?

Donald Trump: Well, we're looking at that, and I'm going to have a policy on that very shortly. And I think it's something that you'll find interesting. And it's another issue that's very interesting. But you will -- you will find it, I think, very smart. I think it's a smart decision. But we'll be releasing it very soon.

Jon Delano: Will that suggest that you may want to support some restrictions? Like the morning-after pill or some --

Donald Trump: We are -- we are also -- you know, things really do -- have a lot to do with the states. And some states are going to have different policies than others. But I'm coming out, within a week or so, with a very comprehensive policy, which I'll get to you immediately.

Jon Delano: OK, good. Two other issues, if I may. I want to ask you about the economy because both you and President Biden always claim that you had the best economies while you were president. I don't want to talk about the past, so talk about the future. If you're reelected president, what are some of the things you will do to make the economy better for Pennsylvanians?

Donald Trump: Well, the big thing I'm going to do is drill, baby, drill. We're going to drill. You know, Biden has shut up your energy industry. You have a big fracking industry, and he's made it very, very tough. And I'll tell you what. If he ever wins the election, he'll turn it off completely. He wants to go to wind, you know, wind.

Donald Trump: The worst energy there is, the most expensive. It kills all the birds. It looks like hell all over the place. These windmills, many times different sizes, different shapes, made by different companies. What a mess. They look like junkyards. And it's the most expensive energy. He wants to go to that. And it's not -- it's not going to work.

Donald Trump: Clean natural gas is great. Some solar mixed in with various other things, but clean natural gas, coal. We have clean coal. You know, China is building a plant a week. Think of it, one plant a week, coal, clean coal. And they're building very good strong coal plants. And we're playing around with the wind and things that won't work.

Donald Trump: They won't fire up our factories. They don't have the power to fire up our factories.

Jon Delano: Besides energy, would you cut taxes or do anything, particularly on the economy?

Donald Trump: Well, they're going to have a huge tax increase because they're going to let the biggest tax cuts in history go. That was just -- they expire in less than a year. So, they're going to have the biggest tax increase in history, and I'm going to be cutting them by 25% or 30%. And I'm cutting energy bills. Everybody in America will be paying at least 50% lower in energy costs as soon as I'm president, and it will take place very, very rapidly.

Donald Trump: We're going to get energy down. In the New England states, we're going to get it down by 60%, 70% from where it is now.

Jon Delano: Final question, Mr. President, and thank you, again, for your time. Do you have any concerns that the 2024 election in Pennsylvania will be free, fair, and run correctly by the election officials in our 67 counties? And if so, what are those concerns?

Donald Trump: Well, I absolutely do have concerns. Any time you have mail-ins and any time you have the kind of things that they have in Pennsylvania, you -- it's not concerns. I mean, we just have to stop it. We're watching very diligently. It happened in 2020. It was a disaster what happened in Pennsylvania in 2020. We won -- we absolutely won Pennsylvania in 2020 and other states as well.

Donald Trump: We had COVID. They used COVID to cheat, and that's one of those things. And everybody knows it. And most of the people in Pennsylvania know it, too. It's going to be much harder for them to cheat, but they will try. It's a sad thing. It's a sad commentary for our country, but they will try to cheat. I think we're going to win by so much, you know, it's too big to rig.

Donald Trump: And I think we're going to win by so much, it won't matter. But we've got to stop them from cheating or at least keep their cheating down to a minimum. Pretty sad. We should go to all paper ballots. We should have one-day voting, one-day election, and just do it properly. And voter ID, you have to have voter ID. They don't want voter ID because they want to cheat.

Jon Delano: Well, how will they cheat? How will the Democrats cheat in Pennsylvania?

Donald Trump: About 12 different ways, so many ways. If you had all day, I could give you examples. Well, last time what they did with the legislatures, they never got approved by the legislatures. They did whatever they wanted to do, but they also dropped ballots. You see what happened. Two thousand mules. Take a look at 2,000 mules.

Donald Trump: You see what happened. They dropped ballots into boxes. The boxes -- the ballots, many of them weren't even signed. We had cases, many cases where you had more ballots than you had voters. It's a very primitive system. It's a very, very third-world system. And not in all states, but in many of the swing states, which are very important for this, very terrible things go on. Very, very terrible things.

Jon Delano: But the courts didn't agree with any of the claims.

Donald Trump: Say it again.

Jon Delano: I'm sorry. The courts in Pennsylvania did not seem to agree with any of the claims of anything going wrong in the 2020 election.

Donald Trump: They didn't have the courage to do what they had to do. The courts were very disappointing. They didn't have the courage to do what they had to do. The claims were there. Everybody knows it. It was shocking when Pennsylvania was turned down. But they were turned down. They were turned down on statutory grounds and other grounds.

Donald Trump: But it was shocking when Pennsylvania was turned.

Jon Delano: It sounds, Mr. President, you're --

Donald Trump: And very sad. So, they're going to try again, and we're going to stop them, and we're watching it. We have vast numbers of lawyers in Pennsylvania and other places, but we -- we can't -- we have to have strong borders and open, free, and fair elections.

Jon Delano: Mr. President, it's great to be with you again. I hope we get a chance to sit down in Pittsburgh when you're out here sometime.

Donald Trump: We'll do it 100%. Say hello to everybody in Pittsburgh. We're going to win Pittsburgh. Thank you.

Jon Delano: Thank you, sir.