Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-break-50-bryson-dechambeau-july-23-2024

Bryson DeChambeau: Welcome back to Break 50. That's the thing in golf like this is why the challenge is so interesting because you have to be perfect --

Donald Trump: Yeah. Yeah.

Bryson DeChambeau: Every single hole.

Donald Trump: I mean, look at that.

Bryson DeChambeau: That was awesome right there. Let's go. Oh.

Donald Trump: Oh, never a doubt. This is going to be one of the greatest rounds of golf ever played.

Bryson DeChambeau: All right, everybody, we are in a race to a million subscribers. We're trying to beat Grant Horvat. He's trying to get there, but we want to be there first. We're doing pretty well so far, but we want to hit a million before the end of July. And if we hit a million before the end of July, we will be giving five lucky subscribers $1,000 each.

Bryson DeChambeau: OK, guys, let's get right back to it.

Unidentified: Bryson, how are we feeling today?

Bryson DeChambeau: Dude, I'm ready to go. If there's any day to break 50, it's today. It is a tough golf course, but the more important piece of it is we're going to be raising a lot of money for charity today. What are we doing? We're doing 10,000 for birdies and 20,000 for eagles today. That's the goal. We're going to raise as much money as we can, and we're going to have a lot of fun today.

Bryson DeChambeau: What do you think our chances are, Chase? I haven't asked you that.

Unidentified: I think it's going to be tough.

Bryson DeChambeau: It's gonna be tough. It's gonna be tough course.

Unidentified: I can see you guys going 17, 18 under.

Bryson DeChambeau: OK, I'll take that. But I think we're going to do better than 55 at least. Break 50 is going to be a good challenge.

Donald Trump: I feel great, I feel great. I feel like I have the best player in the world right now, and he's a winner. He knows how to do it. I hear it's a very hard thing to do. It sounds easy, but it's not.

Unidentified: Very difficult.

Donald Trump: Because you need I think five eagles and --

Unidentified: And 13 -- 12 birdies or 13 birdies? Five eagles and --

Bryson DeChambeau: That's right, 13 birdies, five eagles.

Donald Trump: So, that's not easy.

Bryson DeChambeau: 23-under-par. Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's not easy.

Bryson DeChambeau: That's not easy at all.

Donald Trump: But we're going to have fun.

Bryson DeChambeau: But it's a great challenge.

Donald Trump: We're going to have fun trying, right?

Bryson DeChambeau: Yup.

Donald Trump: And you've had seven, and they haven't done it, huh?

Bryson DeChambeau: Not yet. We've done it with Sergio, we haven't done it.

Donald Trump: That was something with Sergio, huh?

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah, we were close.

Donald Trump: Come on, let's see him rip it.

Bryson DeChambeau: You ready?

Donald Trump: Longest hitter by far, by far. I know them all.

Bryson DeChambeau: There you go.

Donald Trump: Man, is that over the net? That's long.

Bryson DeChambeau: I'll get it over.

Donald Trump: It's very long, folks. It's very long. Yeah, yeah. We don't see it around --

Unidentified: We don't see that around here.

Donald Trump: We don't see that around here.

Bryson DeChambeau: Oh, you're ready. You are ready, let's do it.

Donald Trump: Come on, partner, let's go. That's so -- look at that shot, how good is that?

Bryson DeChambeau: We're ready to go.

Donald Trump: It's crazy. It's crazy. Would you rather be here or Doral? That's the only question. What is --

Bryson DeChambeau: I don't know.

Donald Trump: You know, you understand that, right?

Bryson DeChambeau: That's a good question. Doral is --

Donald Trump: This is a little more serene.

Bryson DeChambeau: I love up here. I think Bedminster is such a beautiful rolling hills sort of championship-style golf course. And we played the LIV event here. I mean, the old course is just insane, It's so, so amazing.

Donald Trump: So, here's a hole. So, this is 500 yards from the back.

Bryson DeChambeau: Got it.

Donald Trump: And these are the whites, blues.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's just a great hole. I love the idea. So, you're playing from the reds?

Bryson DeChambeau: We're playing from the reds, and we're going to break 50 here today. We're going to try and make as many birdies and eagles and --

Donald Trump: Let's go.

Bryson DeChambeau: And just have some fun. I mean, this is what it's all about.

Donald Trump: We should be able to just close.

Bryson DeChambeau: Oh, yeah, we'll be --

Donald Trump: We should be close.

Bryson DeChambeau: We'll be -- yeah. With the game that I have right now and how you're playing, we're going to do it.

Donald Trump: I think you can drive this sucker. I think you can drive most of them.

Bryson DeChambeau: That's the goal.

Donald Trump: That's the big --

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah.

Donald Trump: That's a big factor. See that hole?

Bryson DeChambeau: Oh, that's beautiful. I love it. Wow, this golf course is something else. We'll let you lead off there, partner.

Donald Trump: You want me to lead off? OK.

Bryson DeChambeau: Let's see, smoke a good one here. Beautiful, right at the flag. I mean, that's awesome.

Donald Trump: That's pretty good.

Bryson DeChambeau: Great shot. Partner, that's what I need out of you all day today, giving me the freedom to go at the greens here. This is a 3-wood, 299 yards to the hole. It's a little humid out. I'm just going to do a nice little 3-wood onto the green. Oh, be good.

Donald Trump: That's perfect.

Bryson DeChambeau: Be the right club, please.

Donald Trump: That's perfect.

Bryson DeChambeau: Get us started off hot. Oh yeah. Go in the hole. That was pretty good there.

Donald Trump: Nobody's going to believe it. Believe me, it happened.

Bryson DeChambeau: And that's how you start a Break 50.

Donald Trump: And that's a 3-wood, isn't it?

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah, I got you.

Donald Trump: Oh, that's so great. So it's 299, 3-wood. That's pretty good.

Bryson DeChambeau: Look at that. I didn't even know there -- I'm actually happy. I didn't know that that was up there.

Donald Trump: Oh, it's very tough. It's just tough starting off. You're going to love it.

Bryson DeChambeau: Fantastic design.

Donald Trump: You're going to love this course.

Bryson DeChambeau: OK, I got to ask, what's your favorite golf course of all your properties?

Donald Trump: Well, Aberdeen is so incredible.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Turnberry is rated No. 1 in the world. He went right by the hole, right?

Unidentified: Yes.

Bryson DeChambeau: That was close.

Donald Trump: We could use an eagle here, right?

Bryson DeChambeau: Yes, we could. That would be starting off hot. What are we, 4-under-15 was our best start?

Donald Trump: Because you've got to get those five eagles. That's the hard part.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Getting the eagles.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah, it's the most difficult part. But the par 5s, we can reach in two, and it acts like a --

Donald Trump: Yeah. Yeah.

Bryson DeChambeau: Par 4 for us.

Donald Trump: Yeah, that's right.

Bryson DeChambeau: And if we drive a couple greens and make an eagle, we have a good chance.

Donald Trump: Mine was in normal good shape. His is crazy. Might be a little bit straight. So it goes both ways.

Bryson DeChambeau: Should go just a fraction left?

Unidentified: [Inaudible]

Bryson DeChambeau: Oh, it goes back in the hole? Got it. I love it.

Donald Trump: It's very quick.

Bryson DeChambeau: So it's good. Yup.

Donald Trump: Downhill. I'll always go first, and you'll see the line. What do you like there, Neville?

Unidentified: It's definitely [Inaudible] start it right here.

Donald Trump: Yeah, I think so. Could be.

Bryson DeChambeau: Get in there. Get in. Get in. Good speed, though. That's good. OK, so this was pretty straight, a little downhill, 24-footer.

Donald Trump: It almost is straight and then goes a little bit to the right at the end, but inches.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yep, just a little.

Donald Trump: An inch.

Bryson DeChambeau: 24 feet down the hill, let's knock it in. Oh, no way.

Donald Trump: Go.

Bryson DeChambeau: Go, I left the --

Donald Trump: He had the hard part.

Bryson DeChambeau: Oh my gosh, right in the heart. I didn't hit it, guys. What the heck am I doing? That was right there, too.

Donald Trump: That was right in the hole.

Bryson DeChambeau: So, the best part about this is we just get to go all the way up to the red tees.

Donald Trump: Yup. There's something nice about that.

Bryson DeChambeau: Kind of fun.

Donald Trump: So, this is normally 230 from the back.

Bryson DeChambeau: All the way back, that's a brutal tee shot.

Donald Trump: It's the back corner.

Bryson DeChambeau: Man, 111.

Donald Trump: I think you got to go with the A.

Bryson DeChambeau: One-eleven, I know exactly I know exactly what to hit here. I feel like a 10 o'clock pitching wedge here.

Unidentified: This is a beautiful par 3.

Bryson DeChambeau: That's unbelievable scenic. Got a bit of a Redan. President Trump was telling me that there's a slope that's a Redan sort of style green. Let's see what he has. Oh beautiful. Come on. Oh, what a shot. Partner, great shot. That's how you do it right there. Gosh.

Donald Trump: You think Biden can do this? I don't know. We had an argument about golf. Can you believe it?

Bryson DeChambeau: I saw on CNN.

Donald Trump: Come on, partner.

Unidentified: I don't even know if Bryson can do that.

Bryson DeChambeau: I don't think I can do that. If he gets -- if president Trump gets inside of me, I don't know what's going on. All right. So, 111, going to play this, 110, a yard short.

Donald Trump: Could be good. Oh, little much.

Bryson DeChambeau: Sit, sit, sit. Oh, it's going to spin. I think you might have the better angle to the pin, though.

Donald Trump: A good hit.

Bryson DeChambeau: I think we're going to use your shot there, President.

Donald Trump: I think so. It's a good hit. Mine's right uphill.

Unidentified: Like President Trump's inside of you.

Donald Trump: Flat or downhill?

Bryson DeChambeau: I love uphill when they are fast greens and pure greens.

Donald Trump: Right.

Bryson DeChambeau: If it's downhill, the ball seems to fall down the fall line a little bit. So, sometimes it's easier downhill for me.

Donald Trump: I think it's easier to make it downhill.

Bryson DeChambeau: To make it, yeah. But you may leave yourself a three, four-footer past the hole sometimes. So, you got a closer shot. That's awesome.

Donald Trump: Probably it's an easier putt, too. What do you see there, Neville?

Unidentified: I see left center.

Donald Trump: You'll go a little right?

Bryson DeChambeau: I think left center is perfect. Break -- oh, it didn't break. That's all right.

Donald Trump: Pretty straight, you know?

Bryson DeChambeau: It is.

Donald Trump: I think that was pretty straight, actually.

Bryson DeChambeau: Left center, let's knock it right in.

Donald Trump: Oh, never a doubt. What a good putt.

Bryson DeChambeau: That's a good putt there.

Donald Trump: They go in for you. They don't go in for other people.

Bryson DeChambeau: That's right. Sometimes -- I know.

Donald Trump: So, it's -- that was a true 360.

Bryson DeChambeau: What I'll tell you is that par 3 is the hardest part of this challenge, birding those holes because you have 110 yards in --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Bryson DeChambeau: Compared to hitting the green in two and making a nice easy birdie.

Donald Trump: Right. Oh, you know, you're right.

Bryson DeChambeau: You see what I mean? So, par 3 is the hardest part --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Bryson DeChambeau: Of this challenge. Two-forty-three? Two-forty-three.

Unidentified: Uphill.

Donald Trump: Pretty substantially uphill.

Bryson DeChambeau: What type of trouble is there up there, partner?

Unidentified: So, if you take it, just look about 10 yards right at the thing. That's good. You don't want to be left at the thing because it breaks down the hill there, OK?

Bryson DeChambeau: Stay there, get left.

Donald Trump: It's OK.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah, you're fine.

Donald Trump: That's OK, pretty good.

Bryson DeChambeau: I'll put this one on the green here. Alrighty.

Donald Trump: Right at it, partner.

Bryson DeChambeau: Mr. President.

Donald Trump: No trouble.

Bryson DeChambeau: Par 4, 243, no trouble. This is going to be a 5-iron here. Get left. Get left. Go. It's a little right, isn't it?

Donald Trump: A little bit.

Bryson DeChambeau: Should be OK, I think. OK, so top five songs of all time.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Bryson DeChambeau: Do you have that?

Donald Trump: Well, oh, I have, I have -- yeah. I have a great playlist. I mean --

Bryson DeChambeau: Playlist?

Donald Trump: I have a playlist that's --

Bryson DeChambeau: What do you got here?

Donald Trump: So, this is stuff that wouldn't have happened years ago. This is all good stuff.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's too old for you, but I will tell you.

Bryson DeChambeau: What's your favorite? Frank Sinatra, right?

Donald Trump: Oh, I have a lot of Frank Sinatra. We'll play this when we're finished breaking this record, if that ever happens.

Bryson DeChambeau: Time to Say Goodbye, I love it.

Donald Trump: Classic.

Bryson DeChambeau: I love it.

Donald Trump: Nice and soothing, right?

Bryson DeChambeau: It is calming as ever.

Donald Trump: That's some 5-iron. That is some 5-iron.

Bryson DeChambeau: I'll take it.

Donald Trump: There aren't many people in the world can hit a 5-iron.

Bryson DeChambeau: That's right.

Donald Trump: All right, partner, good shot.

Bryson DeChambeau: 25 feet.

Donald Trump: What do you see there, Neville?

Unidentified: So, I think I like it right here.

Bryson DeChambeau: I love that line.

Donald Trump: Right?

Bryson DeChambeau: It's a perfect line. Go. Go in. Go, go, go, go, go. Dang it. Oh, my gosh.

Donald Trump: It shows a little more break than you thought, right?

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah. It definitely does. That was a great pot. That's good.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Bryson DeChambeau: 25 feet down the hill. I see it. Go, go, go, break, break, break, break, break.

Donald Trump: That's great.

Bryson DeChambeau: Oh, my gosh.

Donald Trump: That's a great putt.

Bryson DeChambeau: I'll take that.

Donald Trump: Bryson, you hit down -- you hit down on a putt, don't you, huh?

Bryson DeChambeau: I try to be as level as possible.

Donald Trump: You mean sweep it.

Bryson DeChambeau: Just sweep. Yeah, like a sweep.

Donald Trump: You sweep. But you hit down on it?

Bryson DeChambeau: It depends like if I'm on the cuff right here.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Bryson DeChambeau: I have to hit down so --

Donald Trump: Then you have to, yeah.

Bryson DeChambeau: So, watch this. So, this is really cool, actually. So, if I'm here some people will use the toe and what not.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Oh, that's terrible.

Bryson DeChambeau: But watch this. I'll just shift my weight to the left. So, I hit down and on top of it. And that'll get the ball to roll pretty effortlessly.

Donald Trump: But on a normal putt, you're hitting it even pretty much, right?

Bryson DeChambeau: Very flat. Very flat.

Donald Trump: Good.

Bryson DeChambeau: Birdies all around. Let's see if we can get our first eagle.

Donald Trump: We're getting a lot of birdies.

Bryson DeChambeau: Twenty thousand. So, we're at 30,000 now, guys.

Donald Trump: So, that's what you do. You get your eagles, right?

Bryson DeChambeau: That's right.

Donald Trump: Then, if you get a little lucky with a couple of holes.

Bryson DeChambeau: You got it. Now you see it.

Donald Trump: That's what you need.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yup.

Donald Trump: Yup, that works. You're right. The par 3s are the rough ones.

Bryson DeChambeau: They're the difficult ones.

Donald Trump: Even if you're fairly close.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yup. It's a great challenge to see what you can do on a golf course, and that's why I love it. I came up with it because I shot 58, and I did it with Grant -- excuse me, I did it with Garrett Clark.

Donald Trump: Right.

Bryson DeChambeau: GM Golf. We shot 56. And we were like, whoa --

Donald Trump: Wow.

Bryson DeChambeau: Can we shoot 50? Can we break 50? And now, it's how the series started was we just asked a question, could we break 50? And I did it with Garrett, and we shot 50 the first time. And we haven't broke it since. I've had Sergio on. I've had Paige on.

Donald Trump: And why -- with Sergio, how good he is, right?

Bryson DeChambeau: Oh, we were awesome. It just

Donald Trump: Why didn't it -- it just didn't work, huh?

Bryson DeChambeau: It didn't work. There was a couple holes that were too long. We actually played the whites. We didn't play the reds because we thought it would be too short.

Donald Trump: It's better. It's better.

Bryson DeChambeau: We thought -- yeah. We wanted to give ourselves a really good challenge and --

Donald Trump: There's an old landmark bridge that we moved.

Bryson DeChambeau: That's awesome.

Donald Trump: From a different part.

Bryson DeChambeau: So, you kept it?

Donald Trump: Part of the property.

Bryson DeChambeau: That's awesome. Look at that 1928 [Inaudible] wow, that's awesome.

Donald Trump: Great stuff, right?

Bryson DeChambeau: I love -- I love the history part of this whole part of the country. It's awesome.

Donald Trump: Absolutely. This is a great part of the country.

Bryson DeChambeau: Where's your favorite place to go in the world?

Donald Trump: So, I love Scotland because it's Turnberry. Turnberry got rated No. 1 in the world, as you know, which is very hard when I own something --

Bryson DeChambeau: Yup.

Donald Trump: And it gets rated No. 1 in the world.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Some people don't like it.

Bryson DeChambeau: It's very impressive.

Donald Trump: Do you understand?

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah, it's impressive.

Donald Trump: For me to get No. 1 in the world. And in Ireland, we have a place, Doonbeg, which is from --

Bryson DeChambeau: I've been there. I was there last year, actually.

Donald Trump: It's phenomenal, right?

Bryson DeChambeau: That was awesome.

Donald Trump: Don't you love it?

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah, I had a great time there. It was great. OK, we have a par 5 here, folks. I don't know where to go yet, but we'll figure it out. We need eagle. We have to have eagle here.

Donald Trump: So, we go right down in the middle, partner.

Bryson DeChambeau: All right, Mr. President, let's see it. Beautiful.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Bryson DeChambeau: Can you guys believe that driving --

Donald Trump: Go right over the caddy's side.

Bryson DeChambeau: Right over the caddy?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Bryson DeChambeau: Perfect.

Donald Trump: Perfect.

Bryson DeChambeau: Even a little bit left you said? OK. All right, time for a smoke drive here. Come on. Stop, just a little right. Man. Is that OK, you think?

Donald Trump: It's fine. It's fine.

Bryson DeChambeau: That's fine, OK. Cool. Just a little right.

Donald Trump: You won't be much --

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah.

Donald Trump: You can't drive it.

Bryson DeChambeau: Let's knock this in. Albatross, that'd be so sick.

Donald Trump: We can get this close.

Bryson DeChambeau: I'll take that drive. It was a little right. Didn't draw it the way I wanted to, but we're in a great spot and 88 yards for an albatross. That'd be sick if we knock this in. Go, go, go, go, go.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Bryson DeChambeau: That's all right.

Donald Trump: It's a little wet.

Bryson DeChambeau: It is. OK, I got the shot here. It's a 50 -- I'm going to use a 55 -- this is actually the club I used to get up and down to win the US Open, 55-degree.

Donald Trump: Yeah, don't hurt it because it's a museum piece.

Bryson DeChambeau: 88 and play this thing, 85, just under 10 o'clock.

Donald Trump: Get up.

Bryson DeChambeau: Go, go. Oh.

Donald Trump: Good shot.

Bryson DeChambeau: It's a little short.

Donald Trump: Still a good

Bryson DeChambeau: That's OK. I'll knock that one in.

Donald Trump: It's a little wet.

Bryson DeChambeau: It is a little wet.

Donald Trump: You like that about 8 inches left there, Neville?

Bryson DeChambeau: To be honest, I think it's somewhat straight.

Donald Trump: Do you like it straighter?

Bryson DeChambeau: I like it straighter. Right on line. Going, go, go left. 18 feet, all right?

Donald Trump: You putt with your shoulders?

Bryson DeChambeau: Yes, it's all in like the chest for me.

Donald Trump: Chest.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah, I really try to control it through the chest.

Donald Trump: That could do it, partner.

Bryson DeChambeau: Come on, come on.

Donald Trump: Oh.

Bryson DeChambeau: Let's go. Let's go. Thank you. Let's go.

Donald Trump: That's a beauty.

Bryson DeChambeau: That's huge.

Donald Trump: So, you putt with your chest essentially.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah.

Donald Trump: No hands?

Bryson DeChambeau: No, I try to take my hands out of it. So, I used to have problems in college with putting.

Donald Trump: Right.

Bryson DeChambeau: I had the problems with my hands.

Donald Trump: Right.

Bryson DeChambeau: And some people call them, you know -- you know what.

Donald Trump: You don't want to say the word.

Bryson DeChambeau: You don't need to say it. No, I'm cool with that. I can say it.

Donald Trump: But you are cool. That's great.

Bryson DeChambeau: Two-ninety uphill. It's a 3-wood, perfect 3-wood in here guys, 290. All right.

Donald Trump: OK, I'm --

Bryson DeChambeau: You can smoke it down there. I'm going to --

Donald Trump: That's a great hole for --

Bryson DeChambeau: Put me in a good position, and I'll smoke it on the green, alright?

Donald Trump: OK, I'll put you out there.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah, beautiful.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Bryson DeChambeau: You're doing a driving machine right there. Great job.

Donald Trump: Put it out now, as you go right at it.

Bryson DeChambeau: Oh, I'm going at it. You were in great shape, so --

Donald Trump: There it is.

Bryson DeChambeau: Come on.

Donald Trump: There it is.

Bryson DeChambeau: Get left. Stay. Oh, my gosh, stay. What is this?

Donald Trump: A lot of movement.

Bryson DeChambeau: That's a lot of movement. Stop.

Donald Trump: You're not going to believe that green.

Bryson DeChambeau: All right.

Donald Trump: Every course has one of those greens. Great drive.

Bryson DeChambeau: That's a good drive.

Donald Trump: That's a great drive.

Bryson DeChambeau: That's tough.

Donald Trump: We'll chip it. But I think you're on the surface, somehow.

Bryson DeChambeau: It's close.

Donald Trump: That's a lot. 300 yards uphill with a 3-wood.

Bryson DeChambeau: But that's the thing in golf, this is why the challenge is so interesting because you have to be perfect every single hole.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Bryson DeChambeau: A 35-yard shot up the hill. It's really wet right now, so I got to control the radius. This is not an easy shot. Watch this.

Donald Trump: That's it.

Bryson DeChambeau: Be good. Oh. That's right up there about a foot away. Great shot.

Donald Trump: That's good. That's beautiful.

Unidentified: Wedges might be dialed, huh?

Bryson DeChambeau: Little bit. Oh, it's so wet, Mr. President. It's crazy.

Donald Trump: It's very -- it's very wet.

Unidentified: With the way this screen is sloping.

Bryson DeChambeau: It's crazy, dude. Up and down and swells everywhere.

Donald Trump: That's a nice one, partner.

Bryson DeChambeau: I'll take this one any day of the week.

Donald Trump: That's a nice one.

Bryson DeChambeau: A lot closer than what I had to win the Open.

Donald Trump: That was a much tougher situation.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yup. Knock it in. There you go. Very nice.

Donald Trump: Yeah. It's a much tougher situation.

Bryson DeChambeau: That's a birdie for you folks. Can you believe that?

Donald Trump: So, how nervous were you with the four-footer you had?

Bryson DeChambeau: It was like four, 4.5. It was a tough putt.

Donald Trump: And how did you feel about that?

Bryson DeChambeau: Oh, I was super nervous. I mean, anytime you're trying to make a four-and-a-half footer. And the greens are a little bumpy, it was a right-to-left breaker. Still uphill.

Donald Trump: Rory had just missed it.

Bryson DeChambeau: He just missed it. So, you don't know, like, there's a little bit of maybe a lumpy donut around there.

Donald Trump: When you hit that, it was perfect.

Bryson DeChambeau: I stroked -- it just was perfectly struck.

Donald Trump: Dead center.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yep, and it went dead center. And it's funny, when I knocked that putt, about a foot away, I knew it was going in. So, I was already getting kind of ready to celebrate.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Bryson DeChambeau: I didn't want to celebrate too early because I felt really comfortable. But again, you're not sure until it finally goes in the cup.

Donald Trump: You knew that you hit that well?

Bryson DeChambeau: It was perfect, but I was --

Donald Trump: You know when you hit one a little bit off, right?

Bryson DeChambeau: So, here's the funny thing. Like when I'm in the heat of the moment and I'm over a putt that's that important, I just go straight back to my practice.

Donald Trump: Right.

Bryson DeChambeau: It's all about, what am I doing on the golf green to prepare for that day? And whatever I'm sensing and feeling, I just solely focus on that. I take all of my willpower, all my focus, and just go, it's just another four-footer.

Donald Trump: So, when you hit that ball, it was phenomenal. If you would have missed that putt, it would have been tragic.

Bryson DeChambeau: It would have been tough.

Donald Trump: You would have been branded.

Bryson DeChambeau: It would have been tough, yeah.

Donald Trump: They would have branded you.

Bryson DeChambeau: Oh yeah.

Donald Trump: Because that's the way -- they're cruel. Some guy that's 150-pounds overweight, he would have said, "He's a choker."

Bryson DeChambeau: Yup.

Donald Trump: He's a choker, he can't play. So --

Bryson DeChambeau: But I didn't, I got up and down there.

Donald Trump: So, you got up and just had a good solid -- you didn't even think about it.

Bryson DeChambeau: No, I got over it, and once I took it back and went through, and I saw it come off the face, I pretty much knew it was going to go in the barn.

Donald Trump: Dead center.

Bryson DeChambeau: It was right in the middle, right in the middle, 121.

Donald Trump: You know, I never heard this before. Gary Player told me this. And he won 168 tournaments and 18 majors in time, you know, 99. He said, "President, president," you know, he was very intense, "What are you doing?" Because I always teed it level with the ground.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah.

Donald Trump: He said the reason for a tee on a par 3 is you have to lift it up --

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah.

Donald Trump: A little bit off the ground.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And I never heard that. I always thought bad players did that, you know, when I see guys lifting it up.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Can you imagine all the years I played golf?

Bryson DeChambeau: There's a lot of professionals that tee it up.

Donald Trump: He said --

Bryson DeChambeau: Tee it up.

Donald Trump: He said the reason for a tee is because --

Bryson DeChambeau: Giving it an advantage.

Donald Trump: I always had it level. He said, what's the purpose of using it?

Bryson DeChambeau: That's right.

Donald Trump: All right, partner.

Bryson DeChambeau: Let's hit a good one here. Come in now. Come in.

Donald Trump: Well hit.

Bryson DeChambeau: Come in. Come on. That's a good strike. Good shot.

Donald Trump: Well hit. Thank you. I like that.

Bryson DeChambeau: So, I'm going to do something a little different here. It's a little under the wind.

Donald Trump: Sure.

Bryson DeChambeau: You know play close to 126, 127. I want to try and spin this just back a little bit, but I'm going to play at 10 o'clock, 45. That'll be good.

Donald Trump: Oh, that's good. Little left. Kick right.

Bryson DeChambeau: Sit. Oh, sit. Right there. Right there. All right, I'll take that. The par 3 is the most difficult part of this challenge.

Donald Trump: I was just saying I guess you were --

Bryson DeChambeau: It's brutal.

Donald Trump: I wouldn't have thought that. I thought you had almost a better shot than that, partner. What do you like there?

Bryson DeChambeau: I think it's going left to right, partner. Just outside the edge.

Donald Trump: You think?

Bryson DeChambeau: Literally right here. Come on.

Donald Trump: It's not that bad.

Bryson DeChambeau: This is just outside the edge here. Going to break to the right, 15 feet.

Donald Trump: It goes both ways.

Bryson DeChambeau: It's an interesting putt.

Donald Trump: It's a tricky -- it's not an easy putt. Oh, did you see that?

Bryson DeChambeau: But what are we at? We're at one, two, three. Yeah, how many holes have we played?

Donald Trump: We played six.

Bryson DeChambeau: Six holes.

Unidentified: And you get to at least 10-under-through-9.

Bryson DeChambeau: 10-under-through-9, and we'll be on track, OK?

Donald Trump: We have a par 4 coming up.

Bryson DeChambeau: All right, I can drive it.

Donald Trump: Very reachable par 4.

Bryson DeChambeau: Let's do it.

Donald Trump: This is three, from this tee, 315 yards. So, I'll get it close, and he'll put it on the green, I predict. It's perfect for him. I think it might be -- yeah, he'll probably use a driver. Hard to believe he can hit a three with 315, too, but he doesn't want to swing too hard. So, yeah.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yup. Beautiful.

Donald Trump: That's where you want it.

Bryson DeChambeau: That's unbelievable. Perfect. Great shot.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Bryson DeChambeau: Nice job.

Donald Trump: All right, partner, you could put that sucker in 315, right?

Bryson DeChambeau: 315, this might be a little too much. Oh, it's downwind now. I'm going to smoke 3-wood.

Donald Trump: Might be too much.

Bryson DeChambeau: I'm going to smoke 3-wood.

Donald Trump: It's pretty nice when you say 315, driver's too much. That's a good problem, is that right?

Bryson DeChambeau: 315, right away.

Donald Trump: It grows -- it kicks right, partner, so --

Bryson DeChambeau: OK.

Donald Trump: Go left of the pin a little bit.

Bryson DeChambeau: Oh, be good. That's another great shot. Come on. Sit. Oh, it's too long with a 3-wood, no way.

Donald Trump: Great hole.

Bryson DeChambeau: It's amazing, beautiful hole. I'm just glad I got it in a perfect area where we can make eagle here.

Donald Trump: Yup, we can.

Bryson DeChambeau: This is huge if we can make eagle.

Donald Trump: That's a three-wood, Mickey.

Bryson DeChambeau: All right, this is a tough putt here. It's a good putt.

Donald Trump: I thought I had a nice drive, but it was meaningless. They're meaningless.

Bryson DeChambeau: Personally, I like starting it up over here.

Donald Trump: Yeah, pretty much, huh?

Bryson DeChambeau: Yup. That's nice. Do it, come on. Come on. Oh, my gosh, what a great putt.

Donald Trump: You see how high that was?

Bryson DeChambeau: That almost went in. That was all the way up there, 5 feet. So, guys, I've got to hit this thing now. Like, that's good. That's -- we can put a mark there. You mind putting a mark there, guys?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah, just, yup. This thing is all the way out there, about 6, 7 feet out. It's swinging like crazy.

Unidentified: This would be a big one to steal for eagle.

Bryson DeChambeau: On a really difficult hole, to be honest.

Donald Trump: Yeah, it's much bigger of a break than you think.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Maybe. Oh man.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah!

Donald Trump: I got to tell you this.

Bryson DeChambeau: That was good there.

Unidentified: That's why they make money.

Donald Trump: That's beautiful.

Bryson DeChambeau: That was awesome right there. Let's go.

Unidentified: Twenty grand.

Bryson DeChambeau: Huge. That was awesome.

Donald Trump: You were 7 feet left.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Did you see that?

Bryson DeChambeau: No, it just broke so much.

Donald Trump: It broke.

Bryson DeChambeau: I couldn't believe that.

Donald Trump: That was a great putt.

Bryson DeChambeau: That was nice.

Donald Trump: So, that was 10 times harder than the last one.

Bryson DeChambeau: Oh yeah. That's when you could hit it all --

Donald Trump: Yup. That's golf. You don't understand?

Bryson DeChambeau: That's golf.

Donald Trump: That was incredible.

Bryson DeChambeau: Sometimes, the straightest putts are the hardest ones.

Donald Trump: Well, did you notice it straightens out at the very end? Probably -- you know, I like to make -- when I do two courses, I like to make them equal. I like to make them equal. So, we had -- we opened the other one 10 years before --

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And was success from day one.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And then, I said, let's make this one links because, you know, they have two parklands, like [Inaudible] it's two parklands, right?

Bryson DeChambeau: Yup.

Donald Trump: Might as well, you can do what you want, you know? So, we make it a links. And there's something nice about it. Look at that stuff. See that just grow --

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah.

Donald Trump: See the trees in there?

Bryson DeChambeau: That's awesome.

Donald Trump: They grow naturally.

Bryson DeChambeau: Beautiful.

Donald Trump: They grow naturally. You can take them, put them out here. You have the nicest trees in the country.

Bryson DeChambeau: Unbelievable.

Donald Trump: Look at that. That's a maple right there.

Bryson DeChambeau: I love it.

Donald Trump: Just grows. You know why? It's a very vibrant part of the world. This man can putt, let me tell you. He's driving the ball, but I may be more impressed with this putting.

Bryson DeChambeau: Diabolical hole, but we're looking to get after here.

Donald Trump: Yup.

Bryson DeChambeau: Come on, let's see a striped drive. Yeah, beautiful.

Donald Trump: That's good. Right in that area is good.

Bryson DeChambeau: Should be solid. Short of the bunker there? Yup, just short. You're good.

Donald Trump: If you go just a little left of the caddy --

Bryson DeChambeau: Yup.

Donald Trump: You are perfect because it sort of kicks left.

Bryson DeChambeau: I see.

Donald Trump: And you can rip it.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yup. Smoke it up there.

Donald Trump: Par 5. That's really good. I don't think you can hit it much better than that, Bryce. That's just a little short of the green.

Bryson DeChambeau: Should be solid.

Donald Trump: That's a good drive.

Bryson DeChambeau: I'll take that. I think that's as good as you can just about hit it. It was solid. Because I'm trying to control it.

Donald Trump: So, you play a little hook then, right?

Bryson DeChambeau: I try to draw it as much as possible on the golf course.

Donald Trump: So, you don't like the stuff with the cutting, huh?

Bryson DeChambeau: It's too tough for me to control. I just spin it way too much.

Donald Trump: You know what's funny?

Bryson DeChambeau: For me, I've always spun the golf ball. And I try to reduce spin as much as possible.

Donald Trump: Because on the tour, 75 percent now are cutting it, right?

Bryson DeChambeau: A hundred percent. But it's all equipment-driven. I'll tell you that. That's a pretty bold statement I'm making. But a lot of it is equipment-driven. And if you build the equipment the right way, start drawing it again.

Donald Trump: I'll say this, the little hook is prettier. I don't care what.

Bryson DeChambeau: I agree. I agree.

Donald Trump: And I do a little cut. But the little hook is still pretty.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yup.

Donald Trump: You're right up here.

Bryson DeChambeau: Right there.

Donald Trump: Oh, lookie, lookie.

Bryson DeChambeau: It's a good little shot.

Donald Trump: Oh, that's fantastic.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yup. All right, it's a -- just out to the right a little bit.

Donald Trump: OK.

Bryson DeChambeau: About a foot and a half out up the hill pretty good. That's pretty solid actually. That's really nice. That's a good putt, though. Nice putt.

Donald Trump: Very, very good step. Pretty damn good, partner.

Bryson DeChambeau: I'll take that. That's solid. Big putt here.

Donald Trump: You never thought about a putter. OK.

Bryson DeChambeau: All right, knock this putt in there, partner. That's just like center to right center.

Unidentified: [Inaudible]

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah.

Donald Trump: What do you see there right?

Unidentified: [Inaudible]

Bryson DeChambeau: Oh, there we go. I love it. Nice. Good putt, out of the way.

Unidentified: He walked it in. He made sure it went in.

Bryson DeChambeau: That thing definitely went in.

Donald Trump: That was --

Bryson DeChambeau: Great job.

Donald Trump: I always -- I thought I pulled it. I did pull it, actually.

Bryson DeChambeau: That's how you do it.

Donald Trump: That's all right.

Bryson DeChambeau: He makes the putts, I hit the drives. I love it.

Donald Trump: Bryson, would you ever putt from where you were?

Bryson DeChambeau: If it's super into the grain.

Donald Trump: More and more people are doing it, right?

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah, definitely. I mean, when you have these grainy shots, it's almost impossible to chip and use the bounce to your advantage. The bounce can't control that into the grain. So, putting it's a lot easier.

Donald Trump: Now, in the Open Championship, formerly known as the British Open, which a lot of people don't understand, right, putting is like routine from there, right?

Bryson DeChambeau: A hundred percent. Yeah, you're putting --

Donald Trump: You will mostly putt.

Bryson DeChambeau: Most of the time.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Bryson DeChambeau: Most of the time.

Donald Trump: Why is that, the grass is different?

Bryson DeChambeau: It's the grass and also can get really firm and tight and clumpy and --

Donald Trump: It's like [Inaudible]

Bryson DeChambeau: It's tough to chip off of almost sometimes. Yeah. All right. What do we have here?

Donald Trump: Here's a nice hard hole for you, partner.

Bryson DeChambeau: 308, another 3-wood. All right.

Unidentified: [Inaudible] this one.

Donald Trump: The water is on the right side of the green. It's -- if he'll show you, yeah.

Bryson DeChambeau: Let's just see where --

Donald Trump: You have to say --

Bryson DeChambeau: Oh, OK, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Unidentified: That's the line.

Bryson DeChambeau: That's the line on the putt?

Donald Trump: The water's on this side.

Bryson DeChambeau: Perfect.

Donald Trump: That was an important hole, that last one, partner, huh?

Bryson DeChambeau: That's big. Got another one here. I mean look at that.

Donald Trump: That's a perfect drive, Neville. It was 50 yards further.

Bryson DeChambeau: But golf is easy when you get it --

Donald Trump: It would be on the hole.

Bryson DeChambeau: Golf is easy when you get drives like that, I'm telling you.

Donald Trump: Boy, that's really hit. It may be left.

Bryson DeChambeau: Is that all right, though? That's OK. That's fine.

Donald Trump: You hit that grade, right?

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah, I just pulled it just a little bit.

Donald Trump: Well, you stayed away from the water.

Bryson DeChambeau: So, when we're playing, you know, professional golf, we're always trying to mitigate away from --

Donald Trump: Right.

Bryson DeChambeau: Problematic situations. And so, for me, I know that the water was a little right, right? Yup, I see it. OK. And being left --

Donald Trump: You see what happens, you can hit the green and go in the water.

Bryson DeChambeau: That's right. And so, being over to the left just really helps --

Donald Trump: Being left to the first is fine.

Bryson DeChambeau: It's safer, but it still allows me to make birdie or whatever.

Donald Trump: He's in great shape.

Bryson DeChambeau: I think --

Unidentified: Up in the left hill.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Is he OK?

Bryson DeChambeau: You want to hit from the left tail, or want to use your drive for this shot? What do you think?

Donald Trump: What do you think?

Unidentified: I like your shot better. You do?

Bryson DeChambeau: OK. And let's use this. What do you got here? So, we're going to use the president's drive, 108. It's a nice little, what, 10 o'clock, 50 degree for me. Beautiful. Sit down. Sit. Beautiful shot. Nice. Out of the way, partner.

Donald Trump: It's a good call.

Bryson DeChambeau: I'm going to start it just in between the president's ball and the hole. I'm going to try and spin it a little bit left coming in there, 108, play 110. Nice little 10 o'clock shot here. That'll be good.

Donald Trump: Good shot. Very good. I think -- is that up there?

Bryson DeChambeau: Too much spin.

Donald Trump: I don't know.

Bryson DeChambeau: That was close. We got to make a long putt now here. OK? This is important.

Donald Trump: I think this one is straight uphill.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yup.

Donald Trump: Whereas this one is like the other one that you sank before, right?

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah, it's a big breaking putt here.

Donald Trump: So, this is a little closer. I'll let you call it, but --

Bryson DeChambeau: But I know that that's going to break. I can control that. I know how to hit that putt.

Donald Trump: What do you like better?

Bryson DeChambeau: I like your shot.

Donald Trump: Let's go. You just sank this one.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yep. So, I think this would be a solo birdie if you make this right here. I want to see you knock one out here.

Donald Trump: This would be a nice birdie. This would be a very nice birdie.

Bryson DeChambeau: I guess it would be. All right. See if you could putt here. Go in. Go in.

Unidentified: Go, go, go.

Bryson DeChambeau: Let's go. He made a solo birdie. That a way, good job. Are you kidding me?

Donald Trump: Well, I hit three good ones.

Bryson DeChambeau: I did zero.

Donald Trump: Honestly, that wasn't --

Bryson DeChambeau: I didn't do anything in that hole. What is that about?

Unidentified: He's got to take off the backpack. He's carrying you.

Donald Trump: You didn't -- you didn't do anything there, huh?

Bryson DeChambeau: Nope.

Donald Trump: For a change. So, where was your ball? Your ball was right in here.

Bryson DeChambeau: It was over there up by the green.

Donald Trump: You probably, I mean --

Bryson DeChambeau: It would have been fine.

Donald Trump: In real life, you would have played that.

Bryson DeChambeau: Hundred percent. It would have been totally fine.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Bryson DeChambeau: But you made a solo bird.

Donald Trump: You were very nice. He said it's about time we used one of his drives. That's all. I think I liked his better. OK, what is this, Nev?

Unidentified: You got 103, boss.

Donald Trump: Perfect.

Unidentified: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Yeah, I think that's fine, the A. You like the A? I think you hit it. Yup.

Unidentified: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: So, partner, we're on course so far.

Bryson DeChambeau: We're at 11 under.

Donald Trump: But we played pretty good.

Bryson DeChambeau: 11-under-through-9.

Unidentified: 11-under-through-9? That's a new record.

Bryson DeChambeau: That's unbelievable. Go in the hole. Just do it. Please go in. What a shot. Nice job.

Donald Trump: Thank you. That was a Gary Player.

Bryson DeChambeau: Nice wet shot.

Donald Trump: Gary said when you're walking after it, it's always good.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Good old Gary. That's a piece of work, I'll tell you.

Bryson DeChambeau: 103 yards. Going to play this just under 10 o'clock here.

Donald Trump: Whoa.

Bryson DeChambeau: Come on, come back. I thought that was going to come back more. That's two holes now that the president's gotten inside me. That's unbelievable.

Donald Trump: I think maybe 8 inches left?

Bryson DeChambeau: I don't think that much, but like right in here is perfect. Like I got a cup out. Yeah, like a cup out. Up the hill a little bit. Oh my gosh. That was a good roll.

Donald Trump: I thought we had it.

Bryson DeChambeau: Good try. I'll knock this in.

Donald Trump: I thought we had that.

Bryson DeChambeau: I got to knock this in. I need to start doing something in this series.

Donald Trump: That was pretty straight, I thought.

Bryson DeChambeau: I thought it was in half way there.

Donald Trump: Yup. I didn't --

Bryson DeChambeau: It didn't break that much. I'm going to play it just a couple inches out, 24 feet can play this thing. Alright, knock it in. Here we go. Let's go.

Donald Trump: What a perfect stroke.

Bryson DeChambeau: Adam, you saw that.

Donald Trump: What a stroke. What a putter this guy is.

Bryson DeChambeau: That was that. Yep, I wanted to make that one.

Donald Trump: I've had a lot of guys tell me you're the best putter, your friends. That's a big one.

Bryson DeChambeau: I'll take it.

Donald Trump: That was an important one.

Bryson DeChambeau: Huge. That was 1,200 through 10. Oh, it's a par 5. How far is it over the water on the left?

Donald Trump: Water dead left. See the reach?

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah.

Donald Trump: You can't go -- yeah.

Bryson DeChambeau: Oh, OK. So, you can't go left.

Donald Trump: You have to go -- I mean, honestly.

Bryson DeChambeau: I'm going to go over the bunker.

Donald Trump: You can't reach it. So, the best is you go way over that bunker.

Bryson DeChambeau: OK.

Donald Trump: Keep it right.

Bryson DeChambeau: Perfect.

Donald Trump: The water goes all the way down to the green.

Bryson DeChambeau: Got it.

Donald Trump: See the white snake?

Bryson DeChambeau: I see it.

Donald Trump: That's water.

Bryson DeChambeau: OK. That is a cool hole.

Donald Trump: So I mean the ideal thing would be those carts, but I don't know if you want to come that close.

Bryson DeChambeau: You don't need -- yeah, I'll try not to. I'm just going to head over to the right bunker and call it a day.

Donald Trump: That's a good shot over there.

Bryson DeChambeau: It'll be fine.

Donald Trump: It's fine because you just --

Bryson DeChambeau: It's fine. We'll find that --

Donald Trump: You just don't want to go left.

Bryson DeChambeau: No, you're good.

Donald Trump: See the trap? Go right over it.

Bryson DeChambeau: That's what I'm aiming for. All right, perfect.

Donald Trump: Perfect. Mickey, kids, that's the way I want you to hit a ball.

Bryson DeChambeau: Set up nicely.

Donald Trump: Well, it's dangerous because if you go a little left, you go in the water.

Bryson DeChambeau: It's right in the water, not good.

Donald Trump: Which is the way it should be.

Bryson DeChambeau: So, what do you love about golf so much? Why do you like it so much?

Donald Trump: I just find it very relaxing. I play it well. You know, for a guy that plays as little as I do, I won so many club championships.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yup. It's awesome.

Donald Trump: I play against guys that play all the time, but I'm straight. I hit it straight. I hit it onto the green, I putt well.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yup. It's an enjoyable sport for you.

Donald Trump: And a lot of guys don't -- and you know what it does? It takes everything off your brain. See, normally they say, "Nice layup."

Bryson DeChambeau: This is the drive. How far is it?

Donald Trump: All right, 108?

Unidentified: It's 108.

Bryson DeChambeau: Another 108? That's good distance control.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Bryson DeChambeau: Nice shot. Great job. I can throw just a fraction past and spin it back, huh?

Unidentified: Yes, to the right.

Bryson DeChambeau: To the right. I pushed it. I was trying to play it out to the right there.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Bryson DeChambeau: And spin it back, and I just left the face of fraction open.

Donald Trump: A little bit, right?

Bryson DeChambeau: Just a little bit. That's all right. You still make a putt. You got it to --

Donald Trump: It might be mine.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yours is fine.

Donald Trump: One of them. What do you see there, Nev? This guy reads them good. He reads those greens good. He's a genius. He's a genius at reading greens, right?

Bryson DeChambeau: I see it pretty straight.

Donald Trump: I do.

Bryson DeChambeau: If anything, it might go a fraction left off the bat.

Donald Trump: If anything, who knows?

Bryson DeChambeau: And then it straightens out and goes right.

Donald Trump: When in doubt, just go straight.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Right?

Bryson DeChambeau: Knock it in. Knock it in. It does just goes fraction right at the end.

Donald Trump: Goes a little right.

Bryson DeChambeau: All right.

Donald Trump: I think -- yeah, I think right here.

Bryson DeChambeau: You got to knock this one in.

Donald Trump: Right on the edge.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yup.

Donald Trump: Oh, that one --

Bryson DeChambeau: It goes left. All right, I'll knock it in for a birdie. That's a little disappointing eagle.

Donald Trump: That's a tough putt, though.

Bryson DeChambeau: Tough putt. That was a disappointing birdie, unfortunately. Didn't make eagle, but that's still $10,000. 13-under-through-11, that's still on pace. We still have a great chance to break 50.

Donald Trump: How far is that?

Unidentified: It's 210.

Bryson DeChambeau: 210? Oh, this is cool.

Unidentified: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Uphill.

Unidentified: [Inaudible]

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah, 210, it's a little into the wind maybe. Oh, yeah, get up there. Get up. Yes. Yes. Way to go. That a way, partner. Do I even have to hit? Oh my gosh.

Donald Trump: OK.

Unidentified: He was walking that one in, too.

Bryson DeChambeau: He was walking it in, 7-iron. Oh, be good.

Donald Trump: Man, is that good.

Bryson DeChambeau: Be good.

Donald Trump: Wow.

Bryson DeChambeau: I'll take that all day. Those are two great shots.

Donald Trump: 7-iron, Neville. I'll tell you, when you're uphill, it's much longer.

Bryson DeChambeau: It is.

Donald Trump: You know, it --

Bryson DeChambeau: But you hit a green drive there.

Donald Trump: 215

Bryson DeChambeau: I played it like 220.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Yeah.

Bryson DeChambeau: That was kind of my thing, 210 to play 220, do a nice driver on the green, should be good. And then, I had a nice 7-iron up there. You've hit it inside me a couple of times today, actually.

Donald Trump: I don't know. This couldn't be, but --

Bryson DeChambeau: Pretty impressive.

Donald Trump: I don't know.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah, we'll see. Oh, look at that. I think you might.

Donald Trump: Those are two good ones. It was more at the pin, but --

Bryson DeChambeau: I think you might be closer. Can you believe that? Who's closer?

Unidentified: [Inaudible]

Bryson DeChambeau: Oh, my goodness. What a shot. Nice.

Donald Trump: That's great.

Bryson DeChambeau: Well, eagle opportunity.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Bryson DeChambeau: Let's get it back.

Unidentified: Wow, look at these shots. Who's inside who?

Bryson DeChambeau: I think the president is inside me. This is one of the greatest shots I've seen in a long time. Drove it to 4 feet. That's unbelievable. There you go. Nice. He just walks off like a boss. Walked off like a boss, making eagles on par 4s, just driving it, tapping it in.

Donald Trump: That was a big one, huh?

Bryson DeChambeau: That's the first eagle that I didn't contribute to whatsoever. Who's your -- who's the most impressive celebrity that you've met personally?

Donald Trump: Well, I know, I guess, all celebrities in terms of a certain age --

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But I knew them all, Sinatra. The only one I didn't know was Elvis. I never met Elvis. Elvis was one of the greats, right? But Michael Jackson, very well, lived in one of my buildings. Had his honeymoon in Mar-a-Lago. All very different people.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah.

Donald Trump: That was a big one we had there, huh? Let's see, where's my driver?

Unidentified: I got your driver.

Bryson DeChambeau: How far is it?

Unidentified: That'd be 270.

Bryson DeChambeau: 270. Yeah, that's unbelievable. Great drive.

Donald Trump: That's right there.

Bryson DeChambeau: Perfect.

Donald Trump: That's good.

Bryson DeChambeau: 270, 5-wood. I'm going to try and drive this green here. It's a little under the wind. I'm going to play it out to the right and have it come back.

Donald Trump: That's really good, partner.

Bryson DeChambeau: Oh, yeah, that's nice. Perfect.

Donald Trump: Neville, he's got good eyes. This would be a nice one for us to make, partner.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah, it would be. We're up the hill, flattens out. But it's -- yeah, yeah, it's over here. It's right over here. Sit down, sit down.

Donald Trump: Nope, not much.

Bryson DeChambeau: All right, let me give this a run, 27 feet. OK, I cannot leave this short. No need to leave this short. I'm going to play this up and then down just a little bit. Going to play 27 feet. Break, break, break, oh my gosh.

Donald Trump: It goes that way.

Bryson DeChambeau: That's all right. That's a birdie, 10,000 bucks. Another 10,000 raised. Great chance for eagle. We didn't make eagle. Birdie's OK. We're now 16-under-through-14 -- 15 through 13 -- or no.

Unidentified: No, 16-through-13.

Bryson DeChambeau: We're 16-through-13. Yeah. We're now 16 through 13. Need to make a couple more eagles coming in. This is huge, another par 3. We have to make birdie here, keep ourselves on track. This is doable, though. This is a 92-yard shot. President's been striking it well. Let's see it. Oh, beautiful. Go. Stop. Oh, good shot.

Bryson DeChambeau: Nice shot. This is pretty impressive. I didn't expect this. That really made me mad.

Donald Trump: Good shot.

Bryson DeChambeau: Get in. Get in. Oh, my gosh. Oh, dude, that would have been awesome.

Donald Trump: Boy, that thing went right by it.

Bryson DeChambeau: That would have been my first hole in one on the channel. That's right. Oh, shoot.

Donald Trump: How many hole in ones have you had?

Bryson DeChambeau: I've had one in my life. I've never had one on the channel either.

Unidentified: I mean, just like 3 or 4 inches the other way and it's in.

Bryson DeChambeau: I actually thought I made that. How crazy would that have been if I made the hole in one there?

Donald Trump: What do you see there, partner?

Bryson DeChambeau: I see pretty straight. Yeah, a little -- it's pretty straight. Yeah, straight up the hill. Knock it in. Go. Go. Short. Ah, all right, I'm going to knock this in. I think I'm going to put this more like right center here.

Donald Trump: It was almost dead straight. I just didn't hit mine.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah, I think it's going to go just a fraction left, if anything. There we go.

Donald Trump: Good. Good. Good. Good. Good.

Bryson DeChambeau: Simple. Easy. I'll take that. Thank you. Thanks.

Donald Trump: That's a hard hole, actually.

Bryson DeChambeau: I'll take that birdie any day.

Donald Trump: So, this is a par 5. This is our eagle.

Bryson DeChambeau: Par 5 coming up.

Donald Trump: This is our eagle right here.

Bryson DeChambeau: You have a hole-in-one story, a good hole-in-one story?

Donald Trump: No, but I've made eight.

Bryson DeChambeau: You made eight of them?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Bryson DeChambeau: That's awesome.

Donald Trump: I've had eight.

Bryson DeChambeau: What was your favorite hole in one?

Donald Trump: The last one I made with Ernie Els.

Bryson DeChambeau: Did you?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Bryson DeChambeau: That's so cool.

Donald Trump: It was a five yard. It was 188 yards in Palm Beach. And I hit a per -- it's sort of into a little wind. I mean, I hit it perfectly. And Ernie was there, and we had some actually great players, Gene Sauers. He was a senior tour player. He won the Senior US Open a few years ago.

Bryson DeChambeau: I know, yeah.

Donald Trump: Ken Duke.

Bryson DeChambeau: I know Ken very well.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] was there, we had -- they're all -- except for me. And I got a hole in one, and it was quite good.

Bryson DeChambeau: That's special.

Donald Trump: Come on, partner.

Bryson DeChambeau: Let's do it.

Donald Trump: So, where you're aiming -- the problem is if you go left, you'll never even find the ball again because that stuff goes for a long time. You basically have to go over the trap.

Bryson DeChambeau: OK, I'll go right over it.

Donald Trump: All right.

Bryson DeChambeau: Stay.

Donald Trump: Should be OK. There's a lot over there. All right, partner.

Bryson DeChambeau: Here we go.

Donald Trump: I think go right over that trap, right?

Bryson DeChambeau: It's perfect.

Donald Trump: The one in the middle. Don't go -- I wouldn't go left of it.

Bryson DeChambeau: OK.

Donald Trump: It gets nasty.

Bryson DeChambeau: Par 5. A little dog leg left, correct?

Donald Trump: Yep.

Bryson DeChambeau: All right, I'm going to smoke this over the right -- or that left bunker, right edge of the left bunker. All right. Right there.

Donald Trump: That's perfect.

Bryson DeChambeau: That's nice there, guys.

Donald Trump: Yeah, it's perfect.

Bryson DeChambeau: I'll take that every day.

Donald Trump: What a straight driver, huh? Well, you're known for that, in all fairness, long and straight. Is that 88? Looks shorter than that.

Bryson DeChambeau: All right, 88 yards.

Donald Trump: You know, Neville, that wind is in our face. You're short. You come all the way down to the bottom. I'm thinking about it, right?

Unidentified: You got this. You got the shot.

Bryson DeChambeau: There's some room up there.

Donald Trump: I tried to swing too easy.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah. Get up. It's all right. I feel like there's not much right now.

Donald Trump: That's great. That's really good.

Bryson DeChambeau: That should be good.

Donald Trump: That's all you can do. Because you go short, you come all the way --

Bryson DeChambeau: That'll be good. That should be perfect.

Unidentified: That's a pretty good shot up here.

Bryson DeChambeau: It's a really good shot. A good chance for eagle here. Let's see what we can do.

Donald Trump: I don't know, it feels like right corner.

Bryson DeChambeau: It is. It's going right to left.

Donald Trump: Part of that broke a little bit.

Bryson DeChambeau: It did.

Donald Trump: So, I guess maybe figure a cup. That was a perfect putt.

Bryson DeChambeau: All right, that was a good try. Nice little tap in for our birdie. Dang, man. Oh, that was close. Another $10,000, though. "Burning Love" by Elvis Presley. You mind if I play one?

Donald Trump: Yes, put whatever you want.

Bryson DeChambeau: Oh, let's see.

Donald Trump: Just press it.

Bryson DeChambeau: Let's see which one. I'm going to go -- I want to go Michael Jackson.

Donald Trump: OK. I'll share something.

Bryson DeChambeau: Here we go. You like "Beat It"?

Donald Trump: Let me show you something. You want to see some real holes, right?

Bryson DeChambeau: Oh, yeah, 445.

Donald Trump: But look at this.

Bryson DeChambeau: Geez, that's beautiful.

Donald Trump: That's US Open.

Bryson DeChambeau: That is US Open, yeah.

Donald Trump: It's not these sitting things like in Oklahoma where, could you please move off the green, right?

Bryson DeChambeau: This is a beautiful hole. There's the American flag in the background.

Donald Trump: But they're all -- and they're all like this. It's got the whole thing.

Bryson DeChambeau: Beautiful. Three more holes to play. We need five more birdies. We're 1,800. Little left there. It'll be alright. I got you, partner.

Donald Trump: A little bit left.

Bryson DeChambeau: I got you, partner. What's the distance? But we need --

Unidentified: That'd be 296.

Bryson DeChambeau: But we need two more eagles, three holes. Let's see if we can do it. Into the wind, 3-wood.

Donald Trump: That's the right club.

Bryson DeChambeau: 3-wood's perfect.

Donald Trump: I think it's perfect, 296 into the wind --

Bryson DeChambeau: Yup.

Donald Trump: 3-wood.

Bryson DeChambeau: Just nice and smooth. OK. Oh, be good. Stop. Just a little bit. Oh, I just left those perfect distance.

Donald Trump: Did it go down?

Bryson DeChambeau: Oh, it's perfect distance. So, are you looking to do any more golf courses in the future?

Donald Trump: No.

Bryson DeChambeau: Or what are you thinking about?

Donald Trump: No, because I could never compete with what I have, with Turnberry and with Aberdeen and all this.

Bryson DeChambeau: You got everything you want and you're comfortable with it.

Donald Trump: Well, I can't -- you can't get the land anymore.

Bryson DeChambeau: The land, got it.

Donald Trump: You could never get a piece of land like this next to New York.

Bryson DeChambeau: I got it.

Donald Trump: Where did you go?

Bryson DeChambeau: I think I'm just in the rough right here. Totally fine.

Donald Trump: Yup.

Bryson DeChambeau: There it is, right there, perfect.

Donald Trump: OK, that's all right.

Bryson DeChambeau: Perfect distance, too, by the way. Man, that was really close. I'd seen aggressive chip here.

Donald Trump: Yup.

Bryson DeChambeau: Partner. Yeah, just land it around the fringe, let it trickle out.

Donald Trump: Yup.

Bryson DeChambeau: Smoked that, that was pretty solid. That was a good flop, actually, there.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Bryson DeChambeau: I didn't know he had the flop in him. Oh, man. That was a good shot, dude. Jeez. This would be a right-edge putt, right?

Unidentified: It's perfect.

Bryson DeChambeau: It's perfect. Let's go. Nice job.

Donald Trump: It's not easy. That was --

Bryson DeChambeau: No, it's not.

Donald Trump: That was not easy. You hit the hole.

Bryson DeChambeau: I did. I lifted it out, but you knocked it in.

Donald Trump: Yeah, we're playing pretty good.

Bryson DeChambeau: It's going unbelievable. This is awesome. Two more holes, eagle, eagle, and we can break 50.

Donald Trump: Yup. These are great holes, too. See this one?

Bryson DeChambeau: Wow.

Donald Trump: Look at that.

Bryson DeChambeau: My goodness.

Donald Trump: Now, this is the real deal.

Bryson DeChambeau: This is architecture right here.

Donald Trump: Now, this is great. This is the real deal. Fazio did this. And I mean, like I'd leave trees, in theory, look at these trees.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yup.

Donald Trump: Some of these trees are phenomenal trees.

Bryson DeChambeau: They fit the hole.

Donald Trump: I like some trees. I mean, I know it links and all that stuff.

Bryson DeChambeau: But still, everyone's in a while --

Donald Trump: You have beautiful oaks and this and that. I like them.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Anyway. Come on, partner, we can do this.

Bryson DeChambeau: We got it.

Donald Trump: This is a drivable hole. Well, it kept us in it, Mickey.

Unidentified: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: That thing broke a lot, did you see that?

Bryson DeChambeau: It smoked left, it was awesome. It was a great putt.

Donald Trump: All right, partner, let's go.

Bryson DeChambeau: See a solid drive here. Yeah, striped. Stars and stripes right there. Now, it's my turn to hit a 6-iron, 235 yards, something like that. I got to smoke this one, guys, straight up the hill. I'm going to give it all I got. Hook. Just a little hook, come on. Oh, it's up there. OK, we'll see where that's at. It's OK. It's fine.

Donald Trump: Where is that, trap?

Bryson DeChambeau: It's just over the trap, actually, so I think I'm fine. I think we're good.

Donald Trump: Oh, you might be in good shape. Well, this will be your lowest score, I think, right?

Bryson DeChambeau: It'll be close to it. I shot 50, so we may tie.

Donald Trump: Oh, who'd you do 50 with?

Bryson DeChambeau: With Garrett Clark. We shot 50. He's a content creator and --

Donald Trump: Pretty good.

Bryson DeChambeau: He's pretty influential in the space, in the golf space. Does this playing from the red tees give you new perspective on your golf course?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Bryson DeChambeau: What do you think about playing from the reds?

Donald Trump: It's very [Inaudible] like I love it, you know.

Bryson DeChambeau: It's so perfect, right? I thought I missed the green there, but it luckily caught it. It's just a piece of the green. You have a chance. This is an eagle putt. If we go eagle, eagle, we can break 50.

Donald Trump: I guess you have to go 2 feet, right?

Unidentified: [Inaudible]

Bryson DeChambeau: Right here.

Donald Trump: Could happen.

Bryson DeChambeau: Go. It didn't break that hard left. It does at the end.

Donald Trump: Boy, that didn't -- that didn't break at all.

Bryson DeChambeau: See that? Just late. Wow.

Donald Trump: I hit that so good, that didn't break at all. Hey, partner, that broke a lot less than we thought, huh?

Bryson DeChambeau: It did. I'm only playing it a little bit.

Donald Trump: Why don't you figure a foot?

Bryson DeChambeau: Yup, 40 footer can play us like 50.

Donald Trump: A little deceiving.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah. All right, time to knock it in. Come on, go left, go left. I made it.

Donald Trump: I got to tell you, come here, come here.

Bryson DeChambeau: Oh, my God.

Donald Trump: You are too much.

Unidentified: [Inaudible]

Bryson DeChambeau: Let's go. Oh, that was perfect roll. Can you believe that?

Donald Trump: Fantastic.

Bryson DeChambeau: Oh, my goodness.

Donald Trump: So, now we need --

Bryson DeChambeau: What do you think, partner?

Donald Trump: Now, we need one more.

Bryson DeChambeau: One more eagle, and we -- oh, my God. Let's go. Let's go. Awesome.

Donald Trump: That's US Open stuff, right? That's it right there. That's what you have to do for US Open. Are you very impressed with tour players? I mean, are they like --

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Amazing?

Bryson DeChambeau: They're awesome.

Donald Trump: You know whose game I like, Patrick Reed. He just looks like a golfing machine, right?

Bryson DeChambeau: Yup.

Donald Trump: And, you know --

Bryson DeChambeau: Yup.

Donald Trump: I don't know, to me he's just --

Bryson DeChambeau: He's solid. He's very repeatable.

Donald Trump: He's a solid guy.

Bryson DeChambeau: He is consistent as can be.

Donald Trump: And he's tough, nasty, right?

Bryson DeChambeau: Yup.

Donald Trump: And he's a great chipper right here.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yup. He's unbelievable, one of the best.

Donald Trump: One of the best chippers, yeah.

Bryson DeChambeau: He taught me a lot, actually.

Donald Trump: Say hello to all those guys.

Bryson DeChambeau: I will. Absolutely.

Donald Trump: Every one of them.

Bryson DeChambeau: How far is it, guys?

Unidentified: 336

Bryson DeChambeau: 336? Oh, my gosh, it's driver. OK. Cut in there.

Unidentified: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: All right, so now, we're nice and safe, partner. Now, you can go for it.

Unidentified: [Inaudible]

Bryson DeChambeau: Go. That's bunker, I think. All right, we can make that.

Donald Trump: Is he in the bunker?

Bryson DeChambeau: We can make that.

Donald Trump: We like that bunker shot.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah, it's fine. That's good.

Donald Trump: Unless you want a fairway shot because I have a good fairway shot.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah, we could.

Donald Trump: It could be what we did in that other hole.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah, it could be.

Donald Trump: But let's see. I don't mind bunker shots. I like bunker shots.

Bryson DeChambeau: No, I do, too. That's why I'm OK with it, so --

Donald Trump: You play the shot that you can get down the best.

Bryson DeChambeau: That's right. Exactly right.

Donald Trump: So, this is pretty easy.

Bryson DeChambeau: Let's go see up there real quick. I want to see what the bunker shot looks like.

Donald Trump: Let's go -- yeah, let's do that.

Bryson DeChambeau: I see it landed in there. Oh, no, did it go through?

Donald Trump: I think that's the mark, isn't it?

Bryson DeChambeau: It should be. Did you guys see it? It might have ran through into the weeds.

Donald Trump: I think that's your mark right there. See it?

Bryson DeChambeau: I thought it was.

Donald Trump: Check right behind it.

Bryson DeChambeau: All right. Shoot.

Donald Trump: Look, I know that's it --

Bryson DeChambeau: Now, let's --

Donald Trump: I'm pretty sure that's your mark.

Bryson DeChambeau: Something. Did you see it? Did you see it at all?

Donald Trump: They tend to go in.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yeah, probably. OK. Let's let's go back to the fairway.

Donald Trump: Let's go hit it.

Bryson DeChambeau: Let's go get your fairway shot.

Donald Trump: Yup. You have a wedge.

Bryson DeChambeau: Yup, we'll knock it in there. OK?

Donald Trump: How far is that, Neville?

Unidentified: 140

Donald Trump: 40?

Unidentified: 140, yes. Yeah, 140.

Bryson DeChambeau: Perfect.

Unidentified: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: All right, let me -- is that what you like? How's the wind?

Unidentified: It's windy but it's uphill. I think this is good right here.

Bryson DeChambeau: Oh, beautiful. Oh, yeah. Good shot, 140 shot uphill, into the wind, 145 shot, landed two yards past.

Donald Trump: Well, that's right next to it.

Unidentified: Come on. Come on. Go in. Go in.

Bryson DeChambeau: Oh, that was close. That was so close. Oh, my gosh.

Unidentified: You got a putt to match the high score.

Bryson DeChambeau: We got a putt to match Garrett.

Donald Trump: What was it, a wedge? A wedge?

Bryson DeChambeau: That was a nice little wedge.

Donald Trump: That was beautiful.

Bryson DeChambeau: That was so close.

Donald Trump: I think the problem is it was moving pretty good.

Bryson DeChambeau: I know, it was ripping too much spin.

Donald Trump: I have a feeling we're not going to be as happy. Yeah, this.

Bryson DeChambeau: I see it. Dang, dude, that was so close. Your putt looks easy. Your putt looks really easy there.

Donald Trump: Doesn't that look easier?

Bryson DeChambeau: I think I'll take that one. It definitely breaks. I personally like that one that breaks a little bit. Just -- it's consistent. Because this one breaks left and then it breaks right. It's a double breaker. It's kind of tough. So, I'd go with this one. It's about a foot out, wouldn't you say?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Bryson DeChambeau: Get in there. Let's go. That's how we do it. That's how you finish off the round. We shot 22 under. Oh, my gosh. That was awesome.

Donald Trump: So, it has to -- you have to break 50, you can't just get to 50. But we'll do it again.

Bryson DeChambeau: We'll have to do it again next time.

Donald Trump: We'll do it again.