Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-rob-crilly-daily-mail-august-28-2024

Rob Crilly: Well, thank you, Mr. President, for sitting down with us in your home today.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Rob Crilly: We have a huge amount to get through the campaign policy. But I think I want to start off by saying, well, we now know that Vice President Kamala Harris and Tim Walz are going to sit down for an interview with CNN tomorrow. What are you expecting from that?

Donald Trump: Well, I think it's crazy. She's gone months without talking to the press. She's not talking to anybody. She is copying -- they would call it flip-flopping on everything she's believed in for the last 20 years. She now says, well, she'll frack, and, well, she'll do walls. But she doesn't mean it because she's a Marxist.

Donald Trump: I mean, she's absolutely a Marxist or beyond that. And nobody's ever seen anything quite like it. She's -- she's gone back on about 14 different policies all at once. Interestingly, a political historian I just left, we're talking about some things and said, "In history, on occasion somebody will go back on one major policy. And they'll change."

Donald Trump: She's gone back on every single thing she's ever said, which means that she's not going to do any of it. She's only doing it to get elected. And I think the public's not going to stand for that. Pennsylvania has to have fracking. She's never going to frack. She's going to have open borders. We're going to allow -- she's going to allow hundreds of millions of people into the country over a four-year period.

Donald Trump: She'll have 100 million people come in coming in from prisons, from mental institutions. She doesn't believe in any of this stuff, which tells you from a character standpoint, it's terrible. I mean, she's so dishonest. She doesn't believe in any of it. She wants to have everybody having an electric car and, you know, no more gas -- gasoline propulsion, no more hybrids.

Donald Trump: Every single thing -- the green new scam, she was absolutely one of the people that developed the green new scam. They don't talk about the environment anymore. They don't want to talk about it because they know it's -- it's bad for them in terms of the voter. So, they've come here. She came in with no votes.

Donald Trump: Biden, as you know, Biden got 14 million votes. And they said, "You're losing to Trump by 20 points, and you're not going to win." The poll came out at 20 points after the debate. They said, "You're not going to win. And, Joe, we want you out of here." He said, "I'm not getting out." They said, "You're getting out."

Donald Trump: And they got him out. And he's very humbled. And he's -- frankly, he's a very angry man because I know people that know him very well, and I know him very well. He's a very angry man. And she got no votes. She was the first one out. And now she's running. Think of it, whether they had 22 people, nobody knows how many people -- they had a lot of people running.

Donald Trump: She came in last, meaning she was the first one out. She never made it to Iowa. She got not one vote. A lot of people got a lot of votes. And she's the one that's running. But then, she's doing something else. She's not -- she wants not to do the debate. We're doing a debate, I think, but she wants not to.

Donald Trump: She'd love to get out of it. But she's not meeting any of the press. And it wouldn't have to be a killer like you. It could be -- it could be somebody that's very friendly to her. And I guess she's doing that with Dana Bash.

Rob Crilly: Well, so, tomorrow night --

Donald Trump: Right.

Rob Crilly: I mean, given everything that you've said about her policy positions, what are the specific questions you'd like to see Dana Bash ask her tomorrow.

Donald Trump: Well, the first thing I want to do is say "Why isn't it live?" It's not a live interview. It's an interview that's going to be taped and then edited and then put out. So, that's not even an interview. Then, she's doing it with her vice president sitting there. So, she's not very smart. When they ask her a question that she can't answer, she'll just look at him.

Donald Trump: You answer it. I can't imagine. Everyone's waiting for her to do an interview because she's been a very big failure in interviews before, as you know, a tremendous failure. And she brings in the vice president who, by the way, isn't so good himself. He's been a disaster, this guy. He has been a disaster.

Donald Trump: His -- his state is in a state of shock from his governorship. He's been a horrible governor. You look at employment numbers, you look at the people that are leaving, you look at all of the problems. Minneapolis is a burned down -- they never built it back. It was terrible. He's been a terrible governor.

Donald Trump: He was a crazy pick. But he's sitting with her to help her out. So, this is not the kind of a person we need as president.

Rob Crilly: What would you like to see the interview focus on? Her record in the administration?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Rob Crilly: Her record as a prosecutor?

Donald Trump: Yeah. Yeah.

Rob Crilly: What -- are there any specific --

Donald Trump: We could -- we could go on for hours because she wanted to have people come into our country with open borders. And if they came in from jails, prisons, if they came in from mental institutions, if they came in as terrorists, it was all OK. They wanted free and open passage for millions and millions of people.

Donald Trump: I think we took in more than 20 million people during her reign. She was the border czar. Why is she denying that she was the border czar? Everyone knows she was the border czar. They called her the border czar. Now, all of a sudden, four weeks ago, she said, "Well, I wasn't really the czar." But whether she was a czar or just in charge of the border, she was in charge of the worst border in history.

Donald Trump: I want to know what happened, why was she doing that? Then, I want to know why is she now, all of a sudden, two days ago, she said, "No, I'd like to build a wall after all." She was against the wall for 20 years. She fought me on the wall. She was one of the people that fought. I won 11 different lawsuits.

Donald Trump: I called it an invasion. I took the money, I built hundreds of miles of wall, but I had to fight her all the way. She wants to do no fossil fuel. She wants to have, essentially, no -- no family should own more than one car, and it has to be electric. But they don't go far, they cost too much. And by the way, there's a market for electric cars.

Donald Trump: But it's not everybody, it's not for everybody. You have to have hybrids, you have to have fossil, you have to have gasoline-powered, fully gasoline-powered. We have more gasoline, we have more liquid. I call it liquid gold under our feet than anybody. She doesn't want to use it. But now, she's switching.

Donald Trump: All of this thing, every single policy she's switching. She wants to have borders now. She wants to cut back on taxes. She was going to tax us out of existence. She was going to set a policy of pricing that would have sent us into a depression of 1929. It's never worked 121 different times. People have tried it.

Donald Trump: Leaders have tried it. It's never worked. And she got us into debt. And now, she's pulled back on that. She's pulled back on 14 different points and more, I think, that, for years, she was saying we want to do this, we want to do that, we want to do all these different things. And the green new scam, she doesn't even mention it anymore.

Donald Trump: She doesn't mention -- all she says is we want to have clean air, clean air, water. Well, that's what I've been saying for eight years. I want to have crystal clean water, I want to have clean air, and I want to have a great economy. I don't want to use the environment to stop our growth and our economy. All of a sudden, she's saying that, too.

Rob Crilly: So, she's had three --

Donald Trump: She doesn't believe it.

Rob Crilly: She's had three and a half years --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Rob Crilly: To do these things. Is that -- is that your point? That's what you want to see her.

Donald Trump: Well, the -- the thing is -- and that's one of the -- the points that I will make all the time. Do it. You can do it right now. You can close the border right now. She doesn't need legislation. You can close the border right now. You can do whatever you want to do environmentally right now. They had three and a half years to do it.

Donald Trump: They never did it. They never did it. All of a sudden, about two weeks ago, they got a little bit tougher in the border because they have an election coming up. The day after the election, if they won, the border will be open. The whole world is going to pour into this country. We won't be a country.

Rob Crilly: How do you feel more broadly about where you are with the campaign? Are you happy with where you are? It seems as if it's been a difficult month or so since Joe Biden dropped out.

Donald Trump: No, it's been a great month. I don't understand that question. Bobby Kennedy joined our campaign. Tulsi Gabbard joined. And again, RFK Jr., that's a big deal. He's a -- you know, a guy that really believes in a lot of core factors like health, health for children, health for women, health for everybody.

Donald Trump: He's a very important -- it's turned out to be a very big deal. It's also taken a lot away -- you know, they had no bounce on their convention. You saw the numbers. There was no bounce. And the reason is she won't talk to anybody. So, it's either because she can't explain how she changed every single policy she had, or she's incompetent.

Donald Trump: Maybe she's incompetent. You saw Biden in the debate. How did he do? I don't think he worked out too well. I don't think this country needs another one of them. We have to find out. You know, I'm talking to you, and I talk to the media randomly at random, and it could be set up. It could be -- yesterday, I was in Virginia, and I was at different places.

Donald Trump: And every place I went, there's a lot of reporters. There's always been a lot of reporters for me for better or worse. And I take questions from them at their news conferences or news conferences of sorts. And I answer questions. They give you a question, you give them an answer. And as a president, you have to be able to do that.

Donald Trump: She's afraid to talk to the press. And, you know, in her case, it's a friendly press in some ways, but they're getting angry now because she won't talk to them. So, we'll see how she does. But she shouldn't be doing a taped press conference with somebody sitting in the room that can answer the questions that she can't answer.

Rob Crilly: You mentioned RFK Jr. and Tulsi Gabbard, how are you going to put them to work in the campaign? We hear you're using Tulsi Gabbard as part of your debate prep. What about RFK Jr.? How do you --

Donald Trump: Well, the debate prep, you know, debate prep is interesting. I've never been one that -- and I don't say this in a bragging way. I've worked very hard. But I think I understand the country. I had the greatest economy in the history of this country. I had a great economy. I had -- we did the things -- we did great things.

Donald Trump: You wouldn't have had Russia going into Ukraine. You wouldn't have had the October 7th attack of Israel. You wouldn't have had inflation. You wouldn't have had that disaster in Afghanistan. Not the pulling out, we were pulling out, but we were going to keep Bagram, the big air base, because it's an hour away from where, as you know, where China makes its nuclear weapons.

Donald Trump: But you take a look at all of these things that we did. And when you contrast it with what Biden did, he's destroying this country. And so much so from -- we could end up in World War III. Look, right now, we don't have a president. She's out there trying to get out of talking to people, and he's in Delaware.

Donald Trump: He just came back from California from a vacation. He was supposed to go to the White House. He went to Delaware to take another vacation for a week. We don't have -- and in the meantime, we have a war going on that's really bad in Ukraine. And we have another war going on with Israel where they've got enemies coming from all different sides.

Donald Trump: And we have a guy who only wants to do is sleep on the beach. I see a picture of him sleeping on the beach yesterday. This is not a great picture for an American president at this time.

Rob Crilly: Just to go back, I was asking about RFK Jr.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Rob Crilly: What particular role do you see for him during the campaign and maybe in the administration?

Donald Trump: Well, we haven't talked about it. But as you know, he's very big on health. He's very big on medical things, things -- all things medicine. Not against everything, but he's against some things. I think he's going to be -- I think he's going to play a role. I mean, I would like to. I haven't even spoken to him about it.

Donald Trump: He endorsed me. He feels strongly about it. Tulsi endorsed me. And many other people have endorsed me, as you know. But haven't really spoken about it. But he's a -- he's a very good factor. Women love him. He's very much about health, but he's very much about women's health. And he'll -- he'll play a role.

Donald Trump: I got along with him. I had a good relationship with him for a long time. I think we'll have a very constructive relationship.

Rob Crilly: And in terms of campaign personnel, something our readers really want to know is are we going to be seeing more of Melania on the campaign trail?

Donald Trump: Yeah. Melania is very much involved. She's just done a book. I think her book will do very well. And it's already doing well. And she really expresses her thoughts in the book, very open. She's a great person. She loves the country very much. She understands our country. And she's a very popular first lady.

Donald Trump: She's very popular. You know, when I mentioned her in the speeches, you see what happens. They all go crazy. They love her. But she loves our country, and she loves the people of our country. But she -- she really is -- she's very strong. She has -- she has tremendous feelings for the country, and she'll -- she'll do whatever necessary.

Donald Trump: But my kids haven't been treated properly. She hasn't been treated properly. Look, she did a great job as first lady. She did such a great job. And the image she created for the world to see was incredible. My kids did a great job. My kids gave up so much. And all they did is get accused of Russia, Russia, Russia and all these hoaxes, you know, misinformation, disinformation.

Donald Trump: Guys like this lunatic, Schiff, who could end up being a senator. It's not even believable. But all they did was -- and they did such a good job for the country. As far as I'm concerned, if they -- and Ivanka is another one. She did such a great job for the country. I don't want them to be hurt by the horrible things that Democrats are willing to do.

Donald Trump: You take a look at the -- the things that they did with the 51 agents with -- I could name -- I could sit here all day long. I could tell you about how bad they were. And they have obviously Trump derangement syndrome, they're going crazy. And now, I'm leading in the polls again. I was leading against Biden.

Donald Trump: Think of it. I spent $100 million on fighting Biden. We're leading by 20 points or more. After the debate, they tell him he's not going to make it. "You're getting out, Joe." He said, "I'm not getting out." He says, "You're getting out." He said, "Only God can take me out." And then a day later he got out.

Donald Trump: So, they take a fighter out, and they put a new fighter in. Nobody ever heard that. You have a fighter, the fighter's losing badly. And they say, "Oh, let's get him. Let's put the new one in." The new one came in without any votes. You talk about a threat to democracy, that's a threat to democracy. And I don't know if I were one of the 20 people or so that did better than her in the primary.

Donald Trump: And all of a sudden, they just anointed her with the position. But in some ways, I'm happy about it because she should be easier to beat than Biden. Biden's been around a long time. He has a certain base. Kamala has no base, nobody knows who she is. You know who she is? She's a Marxist, and this country can't handle a Marxist.

Donald Trump: We won't have any more elections. This country cannot handle a Marxist.

Rob Crilly: So, just going back to the role of your family in this campaign, I mean we've been struck by the way Baron has emerged as a secret weapon --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Rob Crilly: With influencers. I mean, how important has his input been?

Donald Trump: He's such a good young guy. He's -- he's always a boy to me. Right? All my kids, that's my boy and that's my girl. And I don't care if it's politically correct. But they're great people. They're great kids. Baron is a young guy who's a very good athlete, and he's a very smart person. And he's very much captivated the attention of the public.

Donald Trump: I've seen that. He's gone to some rallies. And when he stands up, he's on the tall side. And really, he's a good boy.

Rob Crilly: Is he helping you win over the Gen Z, the younger vote?

Donald Trump: He knows so much about it. Adin Ross, you know, I mean, I do -- some people that I wasn't so familiar with, different generation, he knows every one of them, and we've had tremendous success. As you know, maybe you're going to take this and you're going to put it out because you'll have success. You know, we had hundreds of millions of people with Elon.

Donald Trump: We did the phone conversation, and it was a great success. But we did three unusual -- and I don't know what you'd call them but it's a platform with three people that I don't know, but three people that Baron knows very well. He actually calls all of them like friends of his because it's a different generation.

Donald Trump: They don't grow up watching television the same way as we did. They grow up looking at the internet or watching a computer, right? But Baron knew him. And we've had tremendous success with all of that and TikTok. We've dominated the other campaign. You know, I'm dominating on TikTok. We have TikTok Jack working for us, right? He just started a while ago.

Donald Trump: And we have the biggest numbers. I think they sit in the history of TikTok. But just to show you how dishonest the other side is, they came out with phony numbers on jobs; 818,000 people, they said, had jobs, and it turned out to be a false number. Fake. So, they had to take it out. They wanted to take it out after the election.

Donald Trump: They didn't want anyone to find out about it. But somebody, a whistleblower or a leaker, leaked it. And two days ago, they had to take back 818 -- that's a lot. The job numbers are not good, especially when you call -- if you take a look at the jobs that we created. We created all these jobs. They took a hiatus for the COVID, which is standard for a pandemic.

Donald Trump: And then -- they call it bounce-back jobs. They bounce right back. We created so many jobs. But they -- they lied to the American public about jobs. And just today, they were saying how well they were doing with social media. They're a tiny fraction of what I did. And what they said is Trump is being beaten in social media.

Donald Trump: Well, it's just the opposite. We have numbers. I think you will acknowledge. Has anyone ever done numbers like this on TikTok? Has anyone ever done numbers -- you look at Instagram, you look at Truth, you look at X, you look at any one of these things. We're doing great. But, you know, the Democrats are really a party of misinformation and disinformation.

Donald Trump: Very bad was the job numbers when they tried to say they had almost a million jobs more than they had. And now, they've had to deny it.

Rob Crilly: Can I take you in a bit more of a personal direction?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Rob Crilly: I mean, it's extraordinary to think that it's just six weeks since you were shot since an assassin --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Rob Crilly: Tried to.

Donald Trump: I don't think about it too much.

Rob Crilly: Well, that's my question.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Rob Crilly: Do you reflect on it? Has it -- has it changed the way you look at life, for example?

Donald Trump: Well, it's a miracle, and it's God. It has to be. Because I have friends that are shooters, and I'm an NRA-endorsed candidate, as you know. But I have friends that know more about guns and the people that designed them. And they said it was almost an impossible miss at that close distance -- it was considered a very close distance.

Donald Trump: And if I didn't make that sharp turn to the right, it would have been a whole different story. And equally, if you add now the fact that I seldom use the chart. But when I do use it, it's at the end of the speech, not at the beginning of the speech. And it's always on my left. It's rarely or never on my right.

Donald Trump: So, all of a sudden, I'm looking to the right just for that one instance at the beginning -- at the beginning of the speech. When you add up all of these factors, it was a total miracle that I happened to be looking exactly there. So --

Rob Crilly: Has it --

Donald Trump: There's something going on. And you know what I'd love to think? I would love to think it's God. And it's God doing it because he wants to save America. He sees what's happening. God sees what's happening in America. We're going bad as a country. Even with religion, we're going bad. You look at the charts.

Donald Trump: And I would like to say that it is God that saved me. It wasn't just a -- it wasn't just luck. But the reason would be that he saved me because I can save this country. I hope that's right.

Rob Crilly: I haven't been shot, but I've operated in war zones. I've been shot at and bombed.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Rob Crilly: And sometimes, soon after that experience, for example, I struggled with loud fireworks. And it left me with some sort of mental kind of scars from that time. Do you -- do you have any sort of feeling that maybe you have PTSD? Have you had any counseling? Is that -- is that something you would ever think about?

Donald Trump: A couple of people have asked me that, and I have had no impact. It's just amazing. I was amazed that, you know, the expression surreal experiences. Here, I have a massive crowd as far as the eye could see. And when you look at the people that were just -- the group of people behind me, that whole experience, bullets were flying all over the place.

Donald Trump: And nobody left. And we had crowd people -- crowd control people saying when bullets are fired, everyone stampedes most of the time, like 99 percent of the time. Nobody left, including the tens of thousands of people in front of me. Nobody left. It was -- but when I got hit here very hard, you saw immediate blood.

Donald Trump: I mean, the blood was all over my hand instantaneously. And fortunately, I went down, and I heard bullets going right over my head. So, that was another thing, I had to get down fast. I don't call that as much of a miracle as the turn because the turn was nobody there. Why am I turning? And if I didn't turn, you get hit.

Donald Trump: And to think that bad shooters would do it almost 100 percent of the time. I mean, it was just at a very close range. My son said it was a great shooter who said it's the equivalent of sinking a 1-foot putt. So --

Rob Crilly: You said -- you said --

Donald Trump: Pretty, pretty amazing. But I have not had any -- I must tell you, I don't think about it a lot. I don't want to think about it a lot. But I've had no, it's had no impact. It healed up. And I wore some pretty heavy bandages for a while, and they got lighter or lighter. It's healed up pretty well. But I don't give it -- I don't want to think about it.

Donald Trump: But I've had no impact. It's had no impact on me from that standpoint.

Rob Crilly: To go in another direction, I want to discuss abortion a little bit. The Democrats think this is one of the areas they can hit you. You put out a message on Truth Social last Friday, I think, "My administration will be great for women and their reproductive rights." Could you unpack that for us?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Rob Crilly: In what way?

Donald Trump: So, IVF fertilization, we're the leader in that in the sense of we want women to be able to be taken care of by good doctors, good professionals. And it started really in Alabama when we had a very hostile ruling for -- from a judge saying all IVF clinics have to be closed. And I had a very quick meeting with a lot of people.

Donald Trump: And we came out with a very strong statement in favor of fertilization, IVF. And I think we're more of a leader on that than the Democrats. As far as abortion is concerned, for 52 years, people have wanted to take Roe v. Wade out of the picture and bring it back to states. And we were -- I was able to do that.

Donald Trump: A lot of presidents have tried. You know, Roe v, Wade, I'm not telling you any big secret. People have been trying to end it Terminator for years and bring it back into the states where people can vote. Now, I happen to be like Ronald Reagan in favor of exceptions for rape, incest, and the life of the mother.

Donald Trump: And I think it's a very good thing. I think probably 85 percent of Republicans are there, probably maybe more Democrats. But I was able to take it out of the federal government. Now, Democrats -- at all levels, Democrats for 50 years were in favor of -- they all wanted it out of the federal government because it shouldn't be in the federal government.

Donald Trump: So, they wanted it out, Republicans wanted it out, legal scholars wanted it out. But Republicans, Democrats, conservatives, liberals, everybody wanted Roe v. Wade out of the federal government and into the states where you could vote. And that's taking place now, and we're taking an issue that's been very divisive.

Donald Trump: I mean, you're asking about an issue that's been very, very divisive. And we're now voting in places like Ohio --

Rob Crilly: Right.

Donald Trump: Where, I must say, the vote has been much more liberal than some people would have thought. Kansas, where it's conservative, I won both states by a lot. But the vote's been very, very liberal, relatively speaking, in other places. Now, in other places, some places, it's been a little bit more conservative.

Rob Crilly: You're going to have to --

Donald Trump: What's happening is states now -- states now are voting. The people are voting.

Rob Crilly: You're going to vote in Florida later this year. I mean, have you made up your mind how you're going to vote in there abortion --

Donald Trump: Well, I do know, but I do want more than six weeks. I want more than six weeks. I think six weeks is a mistake. And I'll be expressing that soon. But I want more than six weeks. And in Florida, we have a six-week program, and that's what I believe that you're voting on. And I think it should be more than six weeks.

Rob Crilly: And if a federal abortion ban were to come across your desk in the Oval Office --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Rob Crilly: What would be your response?

Donald Trump: Well, you're not going to need it because the states are all voting right now. And you don't want to put it back into the federal government. Again, for 52 years, the people wanted it out of the federal government. But you're not going to need to even answer that question. I don't mind answering that question, but there's no reason to because the states are all voting.

Donald Trump: We have many states voting coming up, including Florida, and the states are all voting on this. But remember this, the Democrats have a problem because they're willing to do abortion, think of this, in the ninth month. And, in some cases, even after birth, they're willing to kill the baby after birth.

Rob Crilly: These are very rare cases up to nine months. And you, yourself, said --

Donald Trump: They have the right to do it --

Rob Crilly: There's be exception for the health of the mother --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Rob Crilly: The life of the mother.

Donald Trump: Sure.

Rob Crilly: So, in those circumstances where the mother's life is -- is in danger, surely, that's acceptable right up to --

Donald Trump: Yeah, well, what we have is under -- under what I'm saying, yeah, that's an exception. We have for the life of the mother, rape, and incest. Those are exceptions. Ronald Reagan agreed with that, and so do I. I mean I've had that from the beginning. But the Democrats are willing to say that you can have an abortion in the ninth month and the eighth month and the seventh month.

Donald Trump: And people don't want that, number one. But they also -- in some states, I believe it's six, but in some states, they're able to kill the baby after birth. Now, who wants that? So, they are actually the radical ones.

Rob Crilly: So, just to go back to the federal abortion ban, your running mate said that you would veto a federal abortion bill if it came across your desk. Is that right?

Donald Trump: Well, you don't need it.

Rob Crilly: You won't need it. But hypothetically, if it did?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't want to answer a hypothetical. You don't need it because the people are now voting in the states, which is where -- I don't think it should be in the federal government. No -- no scholar, no legal scholar wanted it in. You know, if you go back 12 years, 15 years ago, everybody, Democrat, Republican, liberal, conservative, and all legal scholars wanted it out.

Donald Trump: They wanted Roe v. Wade out of the federal government. It didn't work in the federal government, and it didn't fit from a legal perspective. And we had justices of the Supreme Court who had great courage to do something, and that something was to end this nightmare that's been going on for 52 years. So, you're not going to need to have it in the federal government.

Donald Trump: And I don't want it in the federal government, and nobody does. It shouldn't be there. States are now voting. And the votes are sometimes different than they thought. Ohio voted, and the people got what they wanted, a more liberal policy. Kansas, likewise, more liberal policy. Others will be, perhaps, different.

Donald Trump: But whatever the people want, that's what I'm for. I am for the vote of the people. We brought Roe v. Wade out. I did something that people have been trying to do for 52 years. It should have never been there from a legal standpoint and from every other standpoint. And you're going to soon see that the states are voting as we speak.

Donald Trump: I mean, literally as we speak. Many states are going right now. You're never going to have to have it back in the federal government where it shouldn't be.

Rob Crilly: We're out of time. I just want to fire one quick fire question at you. The federal departments -- the Justice Department's ban on executions. Is that a moratorium you would lift on day one? What's your -- what's your position there?

Donald Trump: On executions of criminals?

Rob Crilly: Federal executions. Currently, there's -- yeah, I mean --

Donald Trump: Oh, of course, I would -- I would have executions on major drug dealers. I would have, perhaps, the raping of a child, the killing of a police officer. No, I would have executions on people that violently kill people. We have people coming into this country. I just left a number of them last week, as you saw at the border, where their daughters were killed, their sons were killed by thugs and migrants coming into our country.

Donald Trump: And they viciously -- I don't mean just -- they were viciously and violently killed and stuffed into garbage cans. No, I would disagree with that. If you have a drug dealer that's killed hundreds of people -- they kill hundreds of people. The average drug dealer kills 500 people during that person's lifetime.

Donald Trump: I would have no problem with that. If you're going to stop the drug epidemic, you're going to have to have a death penalty. We can have all the blue ribbon committees that we want. That's not going to stop it. So, no, I totally disagree with that. I think also very important, police officers are being killed.

Donald Trump: Anybody that kills a police officer should go through the death penalty.

Rob Crilly: Well, thank you very much. I appreciate your time.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.