Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-rich-zeoli-wpht-philadelphia-november-5-2024

Donald Trump: I'm good. I'm good. So, what were you saying about Philly because I've been hearing a lot about Philly again, right? What's happening?

Rich Zeoli: I was saying that I think you have a lot of support in Philadelphia, Mr. President, a lot of the working-class voters and Latino voters. Yeah.

Donald Trump: Right. Oh, that's great. Wow. That'll be great --

Rich Zeoli: How are you feeling?

Donald Trump: Because I hear -- I'm doing good. Your -- your show is great.

Rich Zeoli: Oh, thank you.

Donald Trump: I've listened to your show many times.

Rich Zeoli: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Many, many times. That's great. So, I guess the big question I have is with Philadelphia. I thought we were going to do really great. You know, I was at Penn State. And last night, I was in Pennsylvania, and we had a great rally. But I -- I hear about Philadelphia maybe negatively, but that's only because there seem to be some people.

Donald Trump: But I know we have also support in Philadelphia. So, you're telling me that this may be Trump support, as opposed to the opposite party support, Rich, huh?

Rich Zeoli: Yeah. So, the Philadelphia Inquirer did an analysis of the city of Philadelphia, and they found a lot more support for you in the city, except for, you know, the Center City area by Rittenhouse Square, in that area.

Donald Trump: Right.

Rich Zeoli: That's the college-educated lefties. But the working-class people in the northeast, Port Richmond, the Latino voters, they're all with you now.

Donald Trump: Great.

Rich Zeoli: And I mean, that's the Philadelphia Inquirer saying that. So, you know, it's the fake news Philadelphia Inquirer.

Donald Trump: Right.

Rich Zeoli: But this time, it's the real news Philadelphia Inquirer. And I got to tell you, too, I've been getting text messages all day from people. They're waiting in lines for six hours to vote for you today, President Trump.

Donald Trump: Oh, that's great. Boy. Well, I love --

Rich Zeoli: No, the enthusiasm is there.

Donald Trump: I love the commonwealth, Rich, I tell you, the good old commonwealth, and we worked hard on it. And -- and, you know, when you have a policy of strong borders and we don't want murderers coming in, we don't want drug addicts and jail -- you know, jails to be released into our country, you would think that would be a pretty good start.

Donald Trump: And I actually think that's the biggest thing. But then you have the inflation and you have the bad economy, you know, etc., etc. So, you know, I -- I think we have an awfully good -- I mean, they -- they have nothing. She doesn't even say what's wrong, other than she likes to talk about Trump a lot.

Rich Zeoli: No. And -- and what --

Donald Trump: It's interesting.

Rich Zeoli: And I've been saying, you know, I've -- I've known you for a long time. I remember you --

Donald Trump: Right.

Rich Zeoli: You got me a cheeseburger at your golf club in -- in Jupiter when we were there for Super Tuesday back in 2016. You're a gracious guy. You care about the Bill of Rights. You care about the Constitution. You kept us out of war --

Donald Trump: Right.

Rich Zeoli: For four years. And we don't want to send our -- our sons and daughters to war, and -- and that's the key thing about you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Well, we're not going to go to war, but we will if they get in because they don't know what they're doing. They really don't know what they're doing. They don't know what to say. It's crazy. I mean, Ukraine should have never happened with Russia, as an example. You know that better than I do.

Rich Zeoli: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And they were just saying such -- such the wrong things. So -- anyway. Well, I hope you're right. I mean, I hope those people that I love in Philadelphia, they're going in there and voting for us, you and I and everybody else, because, otherwise, we got such a problem with our country, right? And --

Rich Zeoli: And we got to frac, frac, frac.

Donald Trump: We got to frac, frac, frac. You know, what I'd love to do, I'd love your ratings to go down to zero, and I'll make it up to you, but I'd love everyone to get off the phone and run down and vote and let your ratings go to zero for an hour.

Rich Zeoli: That -- that would work for me.

Donald Trump: I think you'd give that up. I think you'd probably say that's a good deal. But yeah, if anybody -- you know, the people -- you have a hell of an audience, by the way. But if anybody gets off the phone, we will not be angry at you, right?

Rich Zeoli: Not at all. No, we -- we got you, Mr. President. We got your back. And -- and people are excited --

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Rich Zeoli: To vote for you. And -- and everybody who's in line --

Donald Trump: If we Pennsylvania, we win the whole deal. That's if we win Pennsylvania.

Rich Zeoli: Yes. So, Mr. President --

Donald Trump: Yes.

Rich Zeoli: Mr. President, tell everybody who's staying in line to stay in line.

Donald Trump: Everybody has to stay in line. Thank you. We're going to make this country greater than ever before, but you have to stay in line and don't let them slowball you. You -- you have an absolute legal right. And get that vote in because if we win Pennsylvania, if we win the good old commonwealth, we're going to win the whole thing.

Donald Trump: We win everything. So, stay in line. They may say, "Oh, gee, you're going to be here for an hour or two." Once you're on line, they can't do anything about it. So, that would be great on behalf of both of us. I think I can say that.

Rich Zeoli: Mr. President, thank you for working so hard for us. Thank you for taking a bullet for us.

Donald Trump: No, thank you.

Rich Zeoli: Thank you for everything you do for this country, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Well, you're a great guy with a big voice, and I appreciate it. You've always been there. Thank you, man. I'll talk to you soon, OK?

Rich Zeoli: President Donald Trump. Get out there and vote for him. Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thanks.