Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-full-send-podcast-bradley-martyn-kyle-forgeard-october-14-2024

Kyle Forgeard: President Trump back on the podcast.

Donald Trump: We're back.

Kyle Forgeard: This is the third time, third time we've had President Trump on the podcast.

Donald Trump: Dana White.

Bradley Martyn: Yup.

Donald Trump: Dana got it started, right? Who would have thought?

Kyle Forgeard: We appreciate you coming back for the third time. We know you're busy right in the heat of the election. You're doing a lot of stuff, so we appreciate you coming back. But, yeah, the first time we met you, 2020, Air Force One with Dana White. Dana White set it all up. Great friend. And --

Donald Trump: Is he incredible, by the way?

Kyle Forgeard: He's the best.

Donald Trump: Nobody like him.

Kyle Forgeard: Nobody like him. And then, we had you on the podcast after, I think, it was the Afghanistan withdrawal, the horrendous withdrawal.

Donald Trump: Right. That disaster.

Kyle Forgeard: And then, we golfed with you. We've seen you at UFC. And now, you're back here for the third time. So, we just want to thank you.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you. Thank you very much. It's good. You look well, all of you.

Kyle Forgeard: Thank you.

Donald Trump: You're still the hottest guys around, I think, huh?

Kyle Forgeard: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Did you ever think this was going to happen?

Kyle Forgeard: I never thought it would happen. I mean, the first time we had you on was just insane in the way that it all unfolded. I remember you told us it was going to get deleted after it got 12 million views in 12 hours.

Donald Trump: Yeah. It was your all-time record. And I said, if we mention the election, they'll delete. Remember?

Kyle Forgeard: And I didn't believe you.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Well, you know, it's -- they're fascists. These people are crazy. And hopefully, we're going to have a great election. We're going to beat them. But these people are crazy. They've done a terrible job running the country. They did a terrible job with North Carolina with their problems. I mean, people have been treated very badly.

Donald Trump: And the border is the most unsafe border anywhere in the world. But they're -- and they're worried about us talking, right?

Kyle Forgeard: Yeah.

Bradley Martyn: Yeah.

Donald Trump: They're worried about us having a little conversation.

Bradley Martyn: I had recently seen a clip of John Kerry talking to the World Economic Forum, talking about, like, we need to be weary of the First Amendment in relationship to, like, misinformation --

Donald Trump: Right.

Bradley Martyn: And social media platforms, like, people being able to say what they want. I also saw a clip of Kamala talking, I think it was on the NAACP board talking about what Elon Musk is doing with Twitter is, like, it's getting scary for democracy to be able to essentially govern itself.

Donald Trump: Right.

Bradley Martyn: And it's weird because it seems as if that side is the side pushing towards a total censorship unless it follows their kind of -- their line or their line of information.

Donald Trump: Yeah, yeah.

Bradley Martyn: How do you feel about that as far as moving forward as president?

Donald Trump: Well, I think that John Kerry has been a disaster. All he talks about is the environment. In the meantime, China, all these other countries, they don't do what he -- you know, what he suggests. He meets with them and they go, yes, yes, yes. They yes him to death, and then they laugh at him when he leaves.

Donald Trump: In the meantime, we tie up our jobs and our plans on things that are unnecessary. We want immaculate water. We want beautiful clean air. And we had the cleanest air, the cleanest of water. I mean -- if you were to look at my stats on the environment, I had great stats, but I also had the best employment numbers, and our factories worked.

Donald Trump: We had factories that worked and worked really well. They're willing to give up so much. They're -- I actually think they're bad people. Do you want to know the truth? I think they're bad people. There's a lot of bad stuff going on. But John Kerry would go around. I guess he's not doing that so much anymore.

Donald Trump: He got tired of it. He'd get in his private plane. And if you believe in that, he shouldn't be taking a private plane. He's supposed to actually swim. He'd be --

Kyle Forgeard: Pretty hypocritical.

Donald Trump: Supposed to swim -- no, the whole thing -- the whole is ridiculous. And the country is not doing well. But when you look at -- I mean, we have a big election coming up. Look, on -- in literally a very short period of time, I guess, it's what, 23, 24 days, right, we have an election coming up, November 5th.

Donald Trump: But it's actually going on right now as we speak. You know, we used to have an election on one day with paper ballots and voter ID. Today, we have computers going all over the place. We have a whole big deal. And we have them starting early and sometimes going late. It's crazy. We have to get back to -- we have to get back to strong borders and fair elections. We have to do it.

Kyle Forgeard: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And I think we will. So, we're leading in the polls. We're doing well.

Kyle Forgeard: Big time.

Donald Trump: We're against somebody that has no clue what's going on. They did something that you guys would relate to because you're into this whole world, but you relate to it. "60 Minutes," she gives a horrible answer.

Bradley Martyn: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And they changed the answer. I think it's the biggest scandal in broadcast history. They actually took her answer out and gave her a different answer --

Bradley Martyn: Yeah, I saw.

Donald Trump: After it was shot. And it's turned out to be a scandal. But I think it's the worst thing I've seen in broadcast. I think it's the biggest scandal in broadcast history. Number one, it's election interference. Number two --

Bradley Martyn: Yeah.

Donald Trump: They get a license, and it's supposed to be a license based on free press, fair press, and honesty.

Bradley Martyn: Yeah.

Donald Trump: So, we'll see what happens, but I think it's a disaster.

Salim Sirur: What were your thoughts on Kamala going on "Call Her Daddy" while the hurricane was going on in North Carolina?

Donald Trump: Well, I was terrible. From what -- I don't know the show. I know your show, but I don't know that show.

Kyle Forgeard: This is a lot bigger.

Aaron Steinberg: We -- yeah. We're crushing her at numbers.

Donald Trump: [inaudible]

Kyle Forgeard: A lot bigger.

Donald Trump: I would think so.

Aaron Steinberg: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Now, to go on that show from what I heard was pretty crazy.

Salim Sirur: Yeah, it was.

Donald Trump: Highly crazy. During the hurricane.

Kyle Forgeard: During the hurricane.

Donald Trump: And she's barely been down there. And Ron DeSantis doesn't want her down there because she was trying to freewheel it, and he's right.

Kyle Forgeard: Did you call Elon for help during the hurricane?

Donald Trump: I did. So, Elon is a friend of mine. A friend of yours, too, right?

Kyle Forgeard: Yeah, we've had him on the podcast, too.

Donald Trump: He's great. He's a great guy. He endorsed me very big. When I went to North Carolina, they said, we need -- we need a level of communication. We don't have -- everything was knocked down. The wires are down. They couldn't communicate. So, they had Starlink, and they said Starlink. I didn't know what Starlink was.

Donald Trump: But they said it was Elon. They said, "You know Elon?" I said, "Yes, we all know Elon, right?" And I said, "What do you want?" "And we need Starlink to communicate." And I said, "Let me see." I called up Elon. And within two seconds -- and it's hard to get it, they couldn't get it, and we got it for North Carolina.

Donald Trump: But it was delayed by the Democrats. It was actually delayed. It should have gone faster. He had it there right away, and they -- they wouldn't give it. There's some bad things. They've done a terrible job. This -- North Carolina, in particular, has been -- has done a terrible job, whether you call it FEMA -- I call it the White House more than FEMA.

Donald Trump: When I had FEMA, they were unbelievable. But the White House has done a terrible job on North Carolina. And other parts, I mean, you know, there were six or seven states that were hit. Virginia was hit. People don't even know that. But Virginia and South Carolina and Georgia, Florida, Alabama, they were hit, and they were hit hard.

Donald Trump: But they've done a lousy job. It's probably the worst job since Katrina. Biden and Kamala, lying Kamala, they've done a bad job.

Kyle Forgeard: But you're up in the polls. I know I've seen you post Polymarket on Truth Social. They have you up by 3 percent. And this is different because it's actual people wagering real money on it, 1.7 billion on you to win. So, people say it's a more accurate way to actually

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Kyle Forgeard: Assess polling. What do you think about that?

Donald Trump: What's that? Fifty -- yeah.

Kyle Forgeard: This is what Elon tweeted out. He posted that you're up three points on Polymarket.

Donald Trump: Oh, I see. Oh, that's good. So, I looked at it before, we're up nine points. And I think we're -- I think we -- we had one where we were up 50 points. I'll give you that one. I think we're going to do well. Look, this woman is incompetent. She's done a terrible job. She's got --she got a lot of problems.

Donald Trump: And we had that for four years with Biden, and we can't have another four years. We're not going to have a country left. You won't even have your show left. OK? We're not going to have a country left. And on top of that, we are very close to World War III. We really are very, very close to World War III.

Donald Trump: And if we don't solve it, we're going to just have -- we're going to have a lot of problems. And we've never been in a position of danger like we are right now because of nuclear weapons, because of the whole nuclear thing and other types of weapons. We have to get it straightened out. We have to get it straightened out.

Kyle Forgeard: We saw Melania. She came out with a book.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Kyle Forgeard: It's doing really well.

Donald Trump: It's doing great.

Kyle Forgeard: How did -- is she your secret weapon? And how did you first meet her and get her to fall for you?

Donald Trump: I wouldn't call it a weapon, but secret weapon, that's a tough term. It's pretty interesting. But she's great. She's a wonderful person. She was a great first lady. People love her. She wrote a book called "Melania," and it's No. 1, I think, No. 1 or 2, and doing great. It's really doing good. She worked hard on it.

Donald Trump: Yeah, she loves the country. She wrote something that was very good. I was a little bit nervous before I read it. You know, I said --

Kyle Forgeard: I bet. Whenever the wife is going to talk about you --

Donald Trump: You never know. I mean, maybe she said bad things, but she didn't.

Aaron Steinberg: What do you take away from Kamala having a beer with Stephen Colbert? It seems like that'd be the --

Donald Trump: You know, a lot of people thought it was terrible. A lot of people said she shouldn't be drinking at all. She shouldn't be drinking. She got -- she got some other problems. But it was a little -- it was a little different. No, they hit her hard.

Kyle Forgeard: She probably drink Bud Light, too?

Donald Trump: It did --

Aaron Steinberg: She probably had a few before that, too, right?

Bradley Martyn: That was the one we saw.

Donald Trump: I don't know. It could be. It could be. That's what the rumor is. Yeah, the polls are looking good. The polls -- I want to get off that subject because, you know, if I --

Bradley Martyn: Sure.

Donald Trump: If I criticize, I'll be criticized. Yeah, but, no, she probably shouldn't have done that. She got -- she got hit hard for that, right? But I don't think it was that big a deal. No.

Kyle Forgeard: How important is it where -- as you know, we're helping with Send The Vote, which we're helping our audience --

Donald Trump: I love that.

Kyle Forgeard: Yeah. So, if you guys, while President Trump's here, too, I always say this, too, we can't just talk about it and tweet about it. We got to actually get out and vote, so --

Donald Trump: Thank you, fellows. That's good.

Kyle Forgeard: Any young people that are watching right now, too, if you guys aren't registered to vote, you guys can go to sendthevote.com, and it has everything you need to make sure that your vote is actually going to be counted, too. So, we need everybody to get up and vote and not just -- you know, I think a lot of young people like to talk about it and they're passionate, but how important is it that people actually get out and vote?

Donald Trump: Well, it's so important, and it's November 5th. But in every place just about, you can vote early. See, I'd like same-day voting like it used to be, one day, even if you declare like a holiday, one day. This way, a lot of things can't happen. But we don't have that system. We have a system where you can vote at a leisurely pace, and we just hope that everybody goes out.

Donald Trump: We're going to make our -- you know, I have a little statement. It's called "make America great again," MAGA, which is the biggest political political movement in the history of the country, and we're going to make America great again, and we have to start. We did it, and then we had an interlude. We were rudely interrupted.

Donald Trump: And now, it's happening again at a level that nobody's ever seen before. For instance, we're going to a location that I think some of you are coming. Who's going with us? Are you flying with us?

Kyle Forgeard: Me and him, yeah.

Donald Trump: Good, fellows. You're going to have a good time.

Aaron Steinberg: Can't wait to see the plane.

Donald Trump: So, I hear that the crowd is rather breathtaking, the size of it. You're going to have some fun.

Kyle Forgeard: Do you do many rallies in California? This is like a unique one.

Donald Trump: No, but I've done them. We've had a big -- look, I think that if the voting was legit in California, you know, it's all mail-in ballots, mail-out, mail-in. They're all over the place. Like, is it 36 or 38 million ballots? It's get mailed. Everybody gets mail. Some people get more than one ballot, you know that, all this.

Donald Trump: They say that California, automatically, you lose. I say that if it was a straight election, I would win in California because I do great with the Hispanics. With the African American population, I'm getting record numbers. Nobody's ever seen that for a Republican record numbers. You know, I'm doing well.

Donald Trump: I believe that if we had an honest election, if God would come down and be our vote counter, right, that would be an honest election. I think I'd win. But I do it in California because we have a lot of people ask me to do it. It's also near other states, so --

Kyle Forgeard: Right.

Donald Trump: You know, they're going to be going.

Aaron Steinberg: How come you're so genuine with every group you talk to? You never change your accents or try to appeal to who you're talking to?

Donald Trump: Like her? Yeah.

Aaron Steinberg: Yeah. I see you're always the same. I'm trying to figure that out.

Donald Trump: I haven't tried that. I don't think it plays too well. I saw that the other day. I don't think it plays too well.

Aaron Steinberg: Yeah, I don't like it. Talking about -- he was mentioning Send The Vote. What's your message to, like, first-time voters who are maybe 18, the youth?

Donald Trump: Well, I think it's -- look, voting is a very great privilege. Some people don't appreciate it as young people, and other people appreciate it really a lot. It's, like, a very important day. They should appreciate it because it's very special. What we have to do is make sure the votes are counted, that it's all honest.

Donald Trump: We have an expression, too big to rig, because if you -- you know, there's a point at which it's overwhelming, and we may be at that point. I mean, I hope we're at that point. We're going to turn the nation around. We're going to have strong borders, fair borders. I want people to come in. They have to come in legally.

Bradley Martyn: Yeah.

Donald Trump: We have people pouring into our borders from prisons, from jails. They're coming in from mental institutions, nobody knows who they are, from all over the world, and they're coming into our country. They had 13,000 murderers coming into our country. They were murderers. They were in jail for murder. They released them into our country because it's very expensive to keep them in jail.

Donald Trump: You know, jails and all are very expensive. They have some that were going to get the death penalty. They released them into our country. So, these people are released into the country. Drug dealers, drug lords are released into our country. And that's what we have. These people are crazy to allow this to happen.

Donald Trump: It should have never been allowed to happen. And we're going to get them out. We're going to get them out fast. Otherwise, we're not going to have a country left.

Salim Sirur: I have a question, Mr. President. So, we have like a lot of college fans, and a lot of fans that are going into college. College is, like, really expensive right now. What are you going to do to maybe, like, help make college less expensive and, like, more affordable?

Donald Trump: Well, the biggest thing you can do is -- and this is a little bit after college, you got to make sure everyone gets a job when they get out of college, and all of a sudden, things look a lot better. Biden was trying to do something with student debt, but he failed to get it done. He couldn't get it done.

Donald Trump: He couldn't get a lot of things done. But he wanted to do something on student debt, as you know. And it's dead. It just died. What we're going to do is certain colleges have tremendous amounts of money, I mean, almost an unfair amount of money. And we're looking at that, the endowments, using their endowments to help people, and they should use them.

Donald Trump: They should use endowment to help people finance it. But the federal government is going to remain financing, and they're going to help students. You got to help them. The biggest thing we can do is make the economy incredible. So, when you get into college, you study something, and you get out, and you get yourself a great job.

Donald Trump: Right now, they don't have that. And the other thing is they're charging too much. The colleges have gone up more. The price of a college has gone up so much, more than almost anything else I could think of for an education. You know why? Because the government hands out money, so they have no reason to keep it down.

Donald Trump: So, we're going to look into that very carefully. We're going to get it down for students. We're going to get it way down, and we're going to make it possible for them to be able to go to college. [Begin videotape]

Kyle Forgeard: All right, guys. I'm going to interrupt the pod really, really quick. I want to let you guys know about my favorite healthy snack, Bored Jerky. All right, you guys know you've seen me. I'm trying to be a little more healthy these days. I was getting too many comments. You guys telling me I look pregnant and shit.

Kyle Forgeard: I was staying up all night crying. So, now I'm into healthy snacks, and Bored Jerky is one of my favorites. This jerky, if you guys try it, I don't even have to say it, try it for yourself. The quality of the jerky is absolutely unbelievable. I'm a beef jerky guy, and this jerky is by far the best. I'm traveling a lot all the time, so I always have Bored Jerky on me when I get hungry.

Kyle Forgeard: There's four different flavors. My favorite is the original. The original, the macros are unbelievable. There's lots of lots of protein. So, it's just a great healthy snack. Keep the barrel in check. But, yeah, trust me. If you guys like jerky, try this out. And when you try it, you'll thank me. It's available on amazon.

Kyle Forgeard: com. The reviews are going through the roof. Everybody loves it. So, go to amazon.com right now. Give Bored Jerky out a try. Keep it in your gym bags, keep it in your backpacks. This is my favorite healthy snack. It's on me all the time. Amazon.com, Bored Jerky. Let's get back on the pod. [End videotape] You're doing a lot of podcasts recently.

Kyle Forgeard: One that I would love to see you on is -- I think Joe Rogan has to have you on.

Bradley Martyn: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Kyle Forgeard: Would you do that?

Donald Trump: Sure, I would.

Kyle Forgeard: I think Joe, like, besides us, Joe is --

Donald Trump: I think I'm doing it, actually.

Kyle Forgeard: Yeah? So, you are going to do Joe Rogan?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I am.

Kyle Forgeard: That's going to be great. I think he should have had you on a long time ago because he's the best in the game, but --

Donald Trump: Is he the best, really?

Kyle Forgeard: I think besides us and two other --

Aaron Steinberg: Bradley Martyn is here as well.

Bradley Martyn: Yeah, I mean, Joe's obviously --

Kyle Forgeard: No, but Joe's the goat of the game.

Donald Trump: OK, so tell me, give us the order. Go ahead. What is it?

Kyle Forgeard: Joe Rogan -- Joe Rogan is the best in the game for sure. And I think --

Bradley Martyn: Yeah.

Kyle Forgeard: You know, him having --

Donald Trump: Did Joe become so well known because of the UFC? And he does a great job with that, right? What was it that made Joe the best?

Kyle Forgeard: During COVID, he was very outspoken on all the corruption going on during COVID. And I think that's personally when I started watching him a lot, too.

Donald Trump: Oh.

Kyle Forgeard: He's an honest guy, too, right?

Donald Trump: He is.

Kyle Forgeard: So, I think --

Donald Trump: Good guy.

Kyle Forgeard: Good guy. And I think you guys together would just be --

Donald Trump: He's got a good voice. That's important.

Kyle Forgeard: Yeah.

Bradley Martyn: Yeah.

Donald Trump: He's got a good voice.

Kyle Forgeard: He's been with the UFC for a long time, right?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I know. He's done it great -- he does it incredibly. And that's a whole incredible thing, right?

Kyle Forgeard: Who's your favorite?

Donald Trump: I just wonder -- my favorite fighter?

Kyle Forgeard: Favorite fighters. There are three favorites.

Donald Trump: So, I really like -- but, you know, so I talked to Dana about this a lot, who's the best, right? So, a lot of people say Jon Jones is the best. He's fighting soon.

Kyle Forgeard: November.

Donald Trump: Let's see, right after the election, I don't know. I'll either be in a very good mood or I won't.

Kyle Forgeard: You're going to be in a good mood.

Donald Trump: I hope so. But just right after the election. But you would say Khabib. Some people would say Khabib. You know, Khabib?

Kyle Forgeard: Khabib is the best.

Donald Trump: So, he's 28-0, or 29, 28-0. And they say he never lost a round. Did you ever hear that? He never lost one round.

Kyle Forgeard: He just mauled people.

Donald Trump: Yeah, he was -- he was great. And then, he retired. His father died, and his father was his manager and I guess trainer and all. And he died, and he -- and he just said that's it. But I would -- I would say that he was -- couldn't do better.

Kyle Forgeard: He's a big supporter of yours, too, Khabib.

Donald Trump: I heard that. I heard that. I met him --

Kyle Forgeard: I saw him come up to you at UFC.

Donald Trump: I met him at one of the fights -- what?

Kyle Forgeard: Do you remember what he said to you? I saw him come up to you at UFC.

Donald Trump: He did. Yeah.

Kyle Forgeard: It looked like he was really passionate about something.

Donald Trump: No, he's great. You know what he wanted to talk about? He wanted to say, "Is there any way you could stop the war? Because so many people are being killed." So, you know, he has a heart. He's smart. How can you stop the war?

Bradley Martyn: Can I ask you a question --

Donald Trump: And we'll get it stopped, by the way. That's with Ukraine and Russia.

Bradley Martyn: We did a podcast with RFK recently, and we've talked about, like, the deep state. And I know you've talked about this --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Bradley Martyn: On other occasions. How do we and how would you actually make an effective change there? Because it seems like Americans, as a whole, feel like their money is -- obviously, when we're spending it, our inflation is way up, but also a lot of our tax dollars seem to go overseas and foreign interest. How do we actually stop that?

Bradley Martyn: Because there's so much power behind that as far as, like, the military --

Donald Trump: You got to stop what?

Bradley Martyn: I guess the giving of American money overseas.

Donald Trump: Oh, yeah.

Bradley Martyn: And, like, how do we keep more of that money here for Americans? Because there's this grip of, you know, the military industrial complex and sending the money and it's going to American companies. It's, like, how do we even beat something that's so --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Bradley Martyn: Strong [inaudible]

Donald Trump: One of the big things is trade because we get taken advantage of on trade. If you guys were a little bit older, I'd say we get screwed on trade for years. A lot of times, it's our friends that do it. You know, we have Japan and the European Union, all that. And we're changing that whole thing around.

Donald Trump: We're going to bring our -- the companies back. And you're right, it's a good question. We're bringing them back. We're going to keep our money here. We're going to pay down debt. We're going to -- I talk about liquid gold. We have more liquid gold, oil and gas, than any other country in the world, more than Saudi Arabia, more than Russia.

Donald Trump: And we're going to use it. We don't use it. We don't use it fully. We could supply the whole world. And we're going to pay down debt, and we're going to do great things. And that's why I'm doing now. In fact, I have to go because I have to go right now to Coachella. And I think a couple of you guys are coming with me, and it's going to be fun.

Donald Trump: But we have a big crowd. Do you have any idea how big the crowd is?

Kyle Forgeard: No.

Donald Trump: I'm hearing it's big.

Aaron Steinberg: We all know your rallies are the biggest so --

Donald Trump: Huh?

Aaron Steinberg: We know your rallies are the biggest.

Donald Trump: We have great rallies. I like this guy. You know, he's so nice.

Kyle Forgeard: There you go, Stein.

Aaron Steinberg: I -- I have to ask you about this.

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Aaron Steinberg: There's a very viral clip of you or someone telling a story about you. You had a meeting with a leader of the Taliban. And you said, "If you hurt any Americans, I will kill you." And you gave him a picture of his house and his location. I just want to verify if that's a true --

Donald Trump: Well, I'm not allowed to comment on it, really. But let's put it this way. For 18 months, we were losing a lot of soldiers with the Taliban in Afghanistan. And for 18 months, we didn't lose one soldier, not one. And then, I left, and these clowns took over, and then we had the worst -- you know, that whole situation was horrible, right?

Aaron Steinberg: Yeah.

Donald Trump: With the airlift and the whole thing and people falling off the airplanes.

Kyle Forgeard: It was very -- it was sad. I remember at the RNC, I was there, too.

Donald Trump: Yup.

Kyle Forgeard: And when those --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Kyle Forgeard: Gold Star families came out and told their stories, it was just insane to see that.

Donald Trump: We lost 13, and many people so badly hurt. Nobody ever talks about them, like the legs missing and the arms missing and the face obliterated. And that was all Biden. That was Biden's fault, just like in her fault. She's the vice president. Did you see the other day where she said, "No, I agree with everything he did?" That was a killer.

Donald Trump: Her staff said, "You got to be kidding. You couldn't have said that." Because all the bad things they did -- 325,000 children are missing. Did you know that, 325?

Bradley Martyn: Is it just like purposeful negligence or is it just not knowing, like --

Donald Trump: Incompetence. And maybe bad, but incompetence. But you didn't hear the 325,000 kids. They never write about it in the papers.

Bradley Martyn: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Probably dead, many of them, or sex slavery. But 325,000 young children are dead coming through the border. Can you believe that?

Aaron Steinberg: Yeah.

Donald Trump: You don't even hear about it. The press, the fake news, doesn't want to write about it. They want to write if you talk about an election, but they don't want to write about that. Three hundred twenty-five thousand kids are dead because of Biden and Kamala. Now, we're going to straighten the country out, and we're going to get the bad guys out of our country very fast.

Donald Trump: The killers, the murderers, the drug dealers, we're going to get them out.

Kyle Forgeard: Yeah, the whole -- the whole media, obviously, has just been against you, and I feel like it's flipping now. But even the talk show host, we talked about "60 Minutes." We wanted to do this with you. The talk show hosts, are they great or do we need to make them great again and kind of go one by one here?

Donald Trump: Oh, he's terrible.

Kyle Forgeard: Great or great again, Jimmy Kimmel.

Donald Trump: Well, he's -- he's not -- first of all, they all have bad ratings. The one that's the most successful is Greg.

Bradley Martyn: Who?

Donald Trump: Greg Gutfeld.

Kyle Forgeard: Greg Gutfeld. Jimmy Kimmel, we got to make him great again.

Donald Trump: Well, Jimmy Kimmel is a loser. Look, we would do Jimmy Kimmel. I do Jimmy Kimmel. I did him a lot.

Bradley Martyn: Yeah.

Donald Trump: He used to greet me on the sidewalk outside of his studio. I'd come in -- this was before politics, of course. But I'd come in, and he'd be standing on the sidewalk. "Oh, sir, may I bring you in?" He'd bring me in every time. And then I ran for politics. I never got involved with him much. But --

Bradley Martyn: Switched up?

Donald Trump: All they do is talk bad about Trump. That's all. The whole show is talking bad about Trump.

Bradley Martyn: Yeah.

Donald Trump: He's -- he's -- they're all equally bad. But we'll go through the different --

Kyle Forgeard: The View.

Donald Trump: The View, I know them. So, Whoopi's a filthy, filthy mouth on her. I've hired Whoopi over the years, you know, hotels that I own. We hired her once, and I went. She was so filthy, disgusting, dirty with her mouth that I -- the whole group left. There was nobody watching her. She was a comedian. And you know what? Nobody knows this.

Donald Trump: She said, "I admire you so much. Would you do me a favor?" "What?" "Would you do a cameo in a movie I'm making?" I did a cameo in some crummy movie she made. And then I run for politics. Joy is -- you know, she thought the world was flat. You saw that, right? Joy is dumb. The other one worked for me.

Donald Trump: She wrote a letter, one of them, I don't know, whatever her name is. She worked for me in the White House. She writes a letter. "This was the greatest experience. You're the greatest president. I love you. You're the greatest president." We have the letter someplace. It's a letter that she wrote when she left the White House.

Donald Trump: Then, all of a sudden, they hire her, and she goes negative. You know, they said, "Hey, we'll give you a lot of money if you go negative," whatever her name is. Let's see, the other two I didn't know. Oh, this guy I know, Jimmy Fallon.

Kyle Forgeard: Jimmy Fallon.

Donald Trump: Jimmy Fallon. I'm telling you. I hate to use -- but they're all losers. They're all lightweights, though. This guy -- so, I'm on a show before politics many times with him and before him. It -- it makes you realize how great Johnny Carson was, actually. That's the only thing because there's nothing to watch.

Donald Trump: Their ratings are horrible. They're cutting him back to four days, which is -- can you imagine cutting Johnny Carson back to four days? That didn't happen. But Johnny Carson, I grew up with him and others that were very talented. These people -- so Jimmy Fallon asks me if he could do one thing. Could he play with my hair? And I said, "What do you want to do that for?" "I want to see if it's real."

Donald Trump: It is real, but if you have to do it, you can do it. So, he didn't just play. He puts his hand in my hair, and he went crazy. And the audience went wild, and they loved it. And that was the end of that. And it played, and he got very high ratings on the show. Six months later, he stood up. He was -- he was -- the radical left went after him because they humanized me.

Donald Trump: And six months later, they -- he goes up. He goes up on the show, and he said, "I'd like to apologize for doing that. I didn't realize I was going to humanize --" he was a nice guy. And he was doing badly, but he was -- now, he's doing much worse. He lost his whole audience when he did that. You know another loser is Howard Stern.

Bradley Martyn: He's on that list. Yeah, we'll pull him up.

Donald Trump: When he -- when he left me because I dropped him, I didn't want to do his show anymore, Howard Stern, when -- because he was considering Hillary. He's not for Hillary. He's not for Hillary. But he wanted to be politically correct or something, didn't work out too well. His show is practically dead, I think.

Donald Trump: I don't know. I haven't heard his name in years. But now, he did an interview with her. It was so, so sad. He's asking her all these easy questions, like written out, "Oh, and what do you about this? And what do you think about that?" It's just a different guy. I used to do a show. I had numerous of his top 10 shows ever. You know they had a top 10 list.

Bradley Martyn: Right.

Donald Trump: Today, I understand they disbanded the list because I was on it so much. Greg Gutfeld is great. Greg Gutfeld didn't like me when he first started. He just didn't like me. And then, I could watch -- it was a beautiful thing. He said, "You know, I don't like him, but he said he was to knock out ISIS, and he did. He said he was going to have a strong border, and he did. He said employment --"

Donald Trump: everything was good. He said, "I'm starting to like him." Then -- then, a little more time goes by, he said, "Well, am I better off liking somebody who's incompetent or not liking somebody and everything he does works out great for the country?" And he ended up liking me a lot. But I did his show two weeks ago, and his ratings were the highest ratings he's ever had. Did you know that?

Bradley Martyn: Yeah.

Kyle Forgeard: I saw it. It was funny. It was really good.

Donald Trump: He shows -- his show was -- and there's some nice people. Tyrese is great, you know, really nice people. But his show was the highest rated show he's ever had. And he won the weekend television, so that's good. But I really like Greg. Greg is good. Greg is talented. Now, the other one on CBS is just crazy.

Donald Trump: This one, Stephen Colbert. All he does is talk about me. I don't watch it. But all he does is talk about me. Did you ever hear of Trump derangement syndrome? He's got it more than anything.

Kyle Forgeard: He's got it for sure.

Donald Trump: Well, Kimmel has it, too. Kimmel has it, too.

Aaron Steinberg: Kimmel threw shots at us for having you on the first time.

Kyle Forgeard: He called us -- he called us doofuses when we had you on.

Donald Trump: You know what you do? Ask him --

Aaron Steinberg: And guess what? We did 5x what he did. We had 5x views.

Donald Trump: Yeah, you do bigger. Yeah, you do.

Aaron Steinberg: Yeah.

Donald Trump: His show is dying. This one show is dying. Colbert is dying. I don't know. They get paid, I assume, a lot of money.

Aaron Steinberg: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I could get guys for 75,000 bucks a year that have far more talent than him. I'll take -- as an example, any one of you. But we could put people on for [inaudible] so, Greg Gutfeld is the only one that's really got talent. He does have talent. He's got an amazing talent.

Aaron Steinberg: I want to ask you because -- that Al Smith charity dinner.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Aaron Steinberg: Years ago, you went up on stage and you pointed out and called out Chuck Schumer. "He used to be my friend. This person used to be my friend." And they switched up on you.

Donald Trump: That's it.

Aaron Steinberg: It's happening next week, I think, the dinner.

Donald Trump: I'm the speaker, yeah.

Aaron Steinberg: Has anybody come around and apologize or come back to your support?

Donald Trump: Sometimes they do, and sometimes they said, "Do you mind keeping it quiet?" I have a lot.

Aaron Steinberg: Does that bother you?

Donald Trump: You know, people go into the voter booth, and they vote for me. And then, they go on a television show and they'll say bad stuff.

Bradley Martyn: What's the fear around it? Just that you're against what they're for or --

Donald Trump: So, it's a very interesting phenomena. I shouldn't be unhappy about it, but I don't know. There's a liberal bent in the country, and people think that they're better off being that side, even though it doesn't work. In other words, it's politically correct, but the country would die if you went with that.

Donald Trump: It would absolutely die. They vote for me. They vote for me. I do well in California. If we had an honest vote, I'm telling you, in California, I think I'd win California.

Kyle Forgeard: I saw the support in the Long Island one in New York, too. That was crazy.

Donald Trump: So, I did win in Long Island. I had the arena, the Islander arena. The -- I think it's called Nassau Coliseum or something. It's the equivalent of, like, Madison Square Garden. I just signed on Madison Square Garden. I hope you guys -- hey, you guys have to come.

Kyle Forgeard: We'll come. We'll be there.

Bradley Martyn: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Oh, I want you to come. I'll sell it out very quickly. Look, we're going to a place -- I don't know what the number is going to be, but in Butler, Pennsylvania, the other day, we had 101,000 people. You saw that, right?

Bradley Martyn: Yeah, that was amazing.

Donald Trump: It was honoring really Corey --

Bradley Martyn: I saw the area.

Donald Trump: The firefighter who was great.

Bradley Martyn: Yeah.

Kyle Forgeard: Wow.

Donald Trump: But he died. You know, he died at a rally. He was shot by a lunatic. And two other people were supposed to die, but they had great doctors, and they didn't. But we had 101,000 people. I think you're going to have a lot of people today.

Kyle Forgeard: A lot.

Donald Trump: Now, here's the bad news. It's going to be 102 degrees, so I have to go.

Kyle Forgeard: OK.

Donald Trump: When you're coming with me, we're having a little fun.

Kyle Forgeard: We're coming with you on the plane.

Donald Trump: OK.

Kyle Forgeard: We appreciate you having us, President Trump.

Donald Trump: Because I see my people are going crazy over there.

Bradley Martyn: Oh, that's it?

Donald Trump: At a certain point -- you know, at a certain point, you don't mind if they go crazy. But then you say, OK, it's time to go. Time to go, right? OK.

Kyle Forgeard: Like you told us back in the day, never fold, four years ago, and we never fold, and we're never going to fold.

Donald Trump: You never folded.

Aaron Steinberg: We're still here.

Donald Trump: Oh, by the way -- that's true. They never folded. They said we're not going to take it, and we all took it together, right?

Kyle Forgeard: Took it together.

Donald Trump: But I did predict what was going to happen.

Kyle Forgeard: You did.

Donald Trump: But you set your all-time record, right?

Kyle Forgeard: Oh, I think it was the YouTube record.

Donald Trump: You had 12 million people in a matter of minutes, and then they said, we're not going to -- all because I wanted to say how corrupt the election was. I told you that would happen. They can't defend it, so what they do is they try and siphon it.

Kyle Forgeard: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's pretty bad. OK. We'll change it.

Bradley Martyn: Can I ask one more question?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Bradley Martyn: When you win, how do you plan to unify sort of the divide in the country as far as left and right goes?

Donald Trump: By coming back on your show.

Kyle Forgeard: There we go.

Donald Trump: I'll come back on your show.

Kyle Forgeard: Can we do it at the White House?

Donald Trump: Actually, success is going to unify the country.

Bradley Martyn: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I had that. We were so successful, and this country was getting unified. People that you would have never thought would have been involved and talked. They were calling, they were meeting radical left people, very liberal, liberal Democrats. We had the best numbers. Everything was the best. We had the best numbers, we had the best trades, we had the best employment numbers.

Donald Trump: African American; Asian American; Hispanic American; men; women; high school education; a degree from MIT, Harvard, and the Wharton School of Finance, right --

Bradley Martyn: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Everybody was doing their best, and the country was becoming unified. And I saw it. I wouldn't have said this. I wouldn't have given you this answer otherwise. Success will unify the country. OK?

Kyle Forgeard: Awesome. We'll do the next one in the White House.

Donald Trump: We'll do it. Let's do it.

Bradley Martyn: Sounds good.

Kyle Forgeard: Thank you, President Trump.

Donald Trump: You guys are great guys. You have a good thing going.

Aaron Steinberg: Thank you so much.

Donald Trump: Who would have thought?

Kyle Forgeard: Everybody get out there and vote.

Donald Trump: Who would have thought, right?

Aaron Steinberg: Yeah. Who would have thought that I'll be here again.

Donald Trump: Who would have thought? Yup. Get out and vote. Make sure you vote for Trump. Now, if you don't vote for Trump, don't vote. Don't vote.

Kyle Forgeard: Thank you. All right.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Bradley Martyn: Thank you, Trump.