Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-tom-klingenstein-claremont-institute-october-18-2024

Tom Klingenstein: There's another thing you're good at, a virtue: asserting. And in war, asserting is more important than explaining. Woke military. What are you going to do?

Donald Trump: Well, the military is not woke. Some of the really foolish leaders on the top are woke. But I took out ISIS, and there was nothing woke about it. I dealt with a general. You could put him and his men in a room and scream woke at them for 10 years, and they'd walk out, and they wouldn't be woke.

Tom Klingenstein: But there are a bunch of generals at the top that are woke.

Donald Trump: Correct.

Tom Klingenstein: And you're going to get -- you'd get rid of them.

Donald Trump: I'd get rid of them so fast, and I know who they are. They're weak, ineffective people. And they are actually woke. I think they actually believe it. I was told in Washington it would take at least four or five years, and we probably couldn't do it. I did it in four weeks.

Tom Klingenstein: Change gears a little.

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Tom Klingenstein: There are a lot of people out there, Republicans, moderate Democrats, who say, "We're not going to vote for Trump because we don't like him." All right? Now, my response to that is, "Who cares whether you like the guy?" Right? This isn't a choice of who you want for dinner. It's not a choice even of who has the best character.

Donald Trump: Right.

Tom Klingenstein: What you're being asked to decide is whether you want a man who wants to save and make America great, and a woman who will, whether by accident or not, destroy us. That's it.

Donald Trump: So, first of all, she's a disaster. If she becomes president, I think Israel's going to be wiped off the face of the earth very quickly. I think things are going to happen at a level that we've never seen before.

Tom Klingenstein: There are reports that the ABC debate team coordinated with Kamala's team.

Donald Trump: Her friend is the head of the ABC, I think, news division or whatever, her best friend. His best friend is her husband. They met through these people. And, oh, I have absolutely no idea, because those answers -- not good memory, but those answers were sort of semi-memorized. In fact, on occasion, she'd get out of kilter, and she'd give the wrong answer to the wrong question.

Donald Trump: That's -- that's what we've got. No, but even worse than that -- and that's bad, you know, that's bad. But they would interrupt me every time. And I said, "What's going on here?" And I had a choice during the debate, I was going to say like -- I was going to hit them hard, but I wanted to be elegant.

Donald Trump: I wanted to say, "Let's try and forget about it," because I know if I hit them, they'll say, "Oh, he played into their hands." They always like to say that. If I fight for myself, for instance, if they say something negative, and I try and correct them -- just quickly, I don't want to waste a lot of time on it, because usually it's nonsense, they say, "Oh, he played right into it." I didn't play into anybody's hands.

Tom Klingenstein: I want a one-word answer.

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Tom Klingenstein: Are you capable of one word?

Donald Trump: Yes. Well, sometimes you -- am I capable? If it's doable.

Tom Klingenstein: OK. Kamala says, vote for her, and you're voting for joy. What's the one-word counterpart?

Donald Trump: Competence.

Tom Klingenstein: Competence.

Donald Trump: But real competence. Real, real competence, not just, "He's sort of a competent person." But no, real competence.

Tom Klingenstein: Let's change subjects. At the Republican convention, the highlight, of course, was your granddaughter.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Tom Klingenstein: And I thought a related highlight was actually your adoring look at your granddaughter, that it's a kind of look that a grandfather has that you can't fake. Right? It's kind of like when your smaller granddaughter got up on your knee.

Donald Trump: Right.

Tom Klingenstein: Kids don't do that unless they're comfortable.

Donald Trump: Right.

Tom Klingenstein: So, I thought -- I thought that was very sweet, actually. It inspires me to ask, when she said, "He tries to get into my head --"

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Tom Klingenstein: How do you do that?

Donald Trump: Well, she's a very competent person and a very smart person. And she's a great athlete, she's a great golfer. She's actually a great golfer, not just like, oh --

Tom Klingenstein: But not quite as good as you are yet.

Donald Trump: I hope not. No, I actually hope so. I want her to be much better than me, if that's doable. You know, the man has an advantage, even though some would like to say, men playing in women's sports. But she's really good and highly competitive. I thought it was very cute when she said that. No, but I'm not --

Tom Klingenstein: But what do you do? Do you know, or you're not going to tell me?

Donald Trump: I want to -- I want to try to beat her, always want to try and beat her. And I think that's the best thing I can do for her, because she's a competitive --

Tom Klingenstein: And also, it's true to your character.

Donald Trump: Yeah. I saw a movie years ago, "Mommy Dearest." Now, I don't want to be that, you understand that, where the mother was ruthless in the way -- now, I don't know, it was about an actress from Hollywood, you know the whole story, I think. It was sort of a great movie. But it was where the mother was just ruthless in defeating the daughter.

Donald Trump: She wanted to defeat her, she wanted to bury her, she wanted to just -- and no, it's not that. But you want to be competitive, and you want to have fun. Now, sometimes, somebody can't be competitive.

Tom Klingenstein: It reminds me of one of your virtues. I have written in the past, as you know, about your virtues, not policy, but rather intangible attributes. People say about you, "I love his policies, but I don't like the rest of him." And that's got it backwards, it's the rest of him. Anybody can duplicate your policies, and many people do, but there's no one who can match your character.

Tom Klingenstein: And one aspect of your character that I think you revealed just there is authenticity. If you get an email from President Trump, you know it's from President Trump, and that no assistant said it because only President Trump can talk the way you do. Whether you're on the golf course with your granddaughter or with me or with anybody, you're the same.

Tom Klingenstein: You may not like you, but you know it's you. And authenticity, I think, in politics is very rare.

Donald Trump: Well, I think it is rare, and, you know, you have so many phonies, you have so many people, you say, "What are they doing? Why would they be doing that?" And they don't believe what they're doing in the first place. But it's interesting because you mentioned policy. So, a lot of people have said, "We love his policy, but we don't like him."

Donald Trump: I actually think I'm a nice guy. I actually have good relationships with people when they get to know me. But one of the things is that I'm time-constrained. I can't take a lot of time in some of the niceties because I'm trying to do a job, whatever it may be. But there's a certain senator who you wouldn't like because he tends to be -- he's a Republican, but he tends to be somewhat liberal, but he's a good man.

Donald Trump: He is generally right about a lot of things, but he tends to be very -- a little bit on the liberal side for where he is, OK? He said, "Wait a minute, you don't understand about the policy. Trump policy doesn't work if Trump's not doing it." And he gives the example of, I have a policy, and then I call up the leader of a country, and I force the policy down their throat.

Donald Trump: Most people can't do that, they can't force policy down. When France put a tax on our country, and they wouldn't, under any circumstance, they wouldn't -- for Mnuchin, for all of these smart guys you have working for you, they wouldn't do anything about it. I called him and I said, "Oh, you're going to do it, 100 percent, you're going to do it."

Donald Trump: No, no, I cannot do it. To Macron, nice guy. You know, he's a wise guy, and he likes France, but he's a nice guy. I said, "No, no, you're going to do it." "But it was approved already by our," the equivalent of the legislature, "by our parliament, but it was approved already." I said, "It doesn't matter if it was approved, you're going to do it."

Donald Trump: I said, "If you don't do it, I'm going to charge you a 100 percent tariff on every wine and every bottle of champagne that you send into our country." And I don't want to take a lot of time, but he essentially said, "I would be really very much inclined." I said, "Don't be inclined. Are you going to take the tax off or not?" He said, "I will take the tax off immediately."

Donald Trump: So, they all had my policy. Nobody was able to get it done, but I got it done. So, it's not just policy.

Tom Klingenstein: I think you're right. I'm jumping all up.

Donald Trump: Yes, you go ahead.

Tom Klingenstein: I think we're in a war. And at a philosophical level, what makes it a war is that the two sides have different understandings of justice. One side, our side, believes in individual merit; their side believes in group quotas. Those don't mix. You can't admit people to school based on merit and quotas.

Tom Klingenstein: Right? Philosophically, right, theoretically, that's what makes it a war. And then, there's all kinds of evidence, right, that the other side is trying to destroy America: open borders, foreign energy dependence, educating Chinese nationals who'll go --

Donald Trump: Sure.

Tom Klingenstein: Back to China.

Donald Trump: Sure.

Tom Klingenstein: Quotas everywhere, teaching about America is racist. But that's the No. 1 thing. So, the first point is, we're in a war, we need a warrior. Right? You are a wartime president. You may not be some other type of president, but you are a wartime president. And I think one of the things that we have to recognize is that the key weapon they have is very simple.

Tom Klingenstein: They say we're racist, they say we're evil, and that provides them the justification for overturning America. And as I said to you earlier, one of your great virtues, part of the rest of you that people don't attend enough to, is that you don't have white guilt. And when people say America is racist, you can say horse manure.

Tom Klingenstein: And that's what we have to do. There are no politicians other than you, that I'm aware of, who are willing to simply assertively dismiss. There's another thing, by the way, that you're good at, a virtue: asserting. Not explaining, you're not a great explainer. You're an asserter, and in war, asserting is more important than explaining.

Tom Klingenstein: So, I think the point I wanted to make and the point to the audience is that the absence of white guilt and your ability, therefore, to rebut the charge that we're racist is absolutely essential.

Donald Trump: Well, that's very differently explained than anybody I've heard, and it's very true. And what you are saying is -- and I watched some of these very weak-kneed people just cower at the thought of being called a racist. They call everybody a racist. You always know that's their final. When you're winning, that means they start calling you racist.

Tom Klingenstein: I think it would be helpful for you to actually more often make the claim we're not racist. You make the claim that the media is fake. You gave us a word. You didn't have to explain it-

Donald Trump: Great word.

Tom Klingenstein: Everybody knew the media is fake.

Donald Trump: Great word, you have to say.

Tom Klingenstein: It is a good word, but what if --

Donald Trump: It's not strong enough, though.

Tom Klingenstein: It's good.

Donald Trump: It was a great word. No, it was a great word. It's not strong enough.

Tom Klingenstein: Well, do you want to amend it?

Donald Trump: They're corrupt.

Tom Klingenstein: My point is, you gave permission for other people to say it.

Donald Trump: Correct.

Tom Klingenstein: It's not just you saying it now. A lot of people say it. And it's the same thing with, "We're not racist." The average person doesn't think they're racist, they don't think they have white privilege. The elite may think that, but not the average person where I live in Maine. Right? But they need their leaders to confirm it.

Donald Trump: But I've seen people, when they're called racist, strong politicians, strong men, generally.

Tom Klingenstein: Right.

Donald Trump: They cower, they, oh, they -- they -- they are so afraid of being called racist that they'll do anything for the other side. And I think that's a little bit what you're saying.

Tom Klingenstein: That's the problem.

Donald Trump: But what I say is a little bit different and maybe a little bit earlier in the process. We have enemies outside, but we also have the enemy from within. And I say, and I've said it for a long time, and I took hundreds of billions out of China and we got along, we got along fine. Other than COVID, we are right.

Donald Trump: That was a bridge too far as far as I was concerned. But I took hundreds of billions of dollars from China. We got along great. I made a trade deal with China. I don't even talk about it. It was one of the greatest deals ever made economically, $50 billion a year in purchasing of our product. Nobody talks about it.

Donald Trump: And that's OK, because once COVID came, I don't talk about anything having to do with it. It was really a bridge too far. But we have the outside enemy, and we have the enemy from within. And I say that the enemy from within is far more dangerous than the outside enemy. Because if you have a capable president, I'll always be able to get along with Russia, China, with Kim Jong Un.

Tom Klingenstein: See, that's when I think you even ought to say more than you do. So, let's -- let me ask this question.

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Tom Klingenstein: I keep --

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Tom Klingenstein: I'm very interruptious.

Donald Trump: No, you are, and I love that, because a lot of people aren't, and you go off in -- you don't let anybody go off on a tangent.

Tom Klingenstein: Well, you know --

Donald Trump: And I will not let you go off on a tangent, but you go ahead.

Tom Klingenstein: You know, you're tough.

Donald Trump: You go ahead.

Tom Klingenstein: Now you've distracted me. What was I talking about?

Donald Trump: The enemy from within.

Tom Klingenstein: We need a name for the enemy. Now, I've taken to calling it Kamalism. We don't even have a name for our enemy regime. We know who China is. Can you imagine fighting a war if you can't name the enemy? And you are the one, you are our namer in chief. Right? You are the great namer.

Donald Trump: I've given a lot of great names, I think so.

Tom Klingenstein: OK, but now you need one.

Donald Trump: Right. I'm not totally satisfied with comrade because a lot of people don't quite understand what it means. She is a Marxist, she's a communist, she's a fascist, and she's not very smart. And these are bad things. And by the way, if she ever won, my life won't be so great in this country. But I don't care, I don't care. We have to explain who this woman --

Tom Klingenstein: But now, there are two things --

Donald Trump: We have to explain who this woman is.

Tom Klingenstein: Absolutely.

Donald Trump: This woman is a disaster.

Tom Klingenstein: But you got to explain that this woman is part of a movement. Right?

Donald Trump: It's true.

Tom Klingenstein: It's not Nazism.

Donald Trump: Bad movement.

Tom Klingenstein: It's not communism exactly. Right?

Donald Trump: No.

Tom Klingenstein: But you have to name --

Donald Trump: It's actually stupidism. Because when you think about it --

Tom Klingenstein: Well, maybe that's the name.

Donald Trump: What they're doing is so stupid. The open border, who wants an open border where tens of millions of people have come in here from other countries' jails?

Tom Klingenstein: How about --

Donald Trump: I've usually put some moniker on -- on opponents if I can, like Pocahontas was a good name because she said she was an Indian and she wasn't. So, I apologize to the real Pocahontas. They demanded I apologize to Pocahontas, so I did to the real Pocahontas. But -- but there are great names. And a lot of them I can't mention because they're Republicans who I did during my little trials and tribulations in the primaries.

Tom Klingenstein: Well, my only advice is, get with a name for the purpose --

Donald Trump: Well, do you like comrade?

Tom Klingenstein: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's not bad.

Tom Klingenstein: It's -- and it's accurate.

Donald Trump: Yeah, it's pretty accurate. I think it's pretty accurate.

Tom Klingenstein: And so, if she's comrade, then the movement of which she is nominally the head of is Kamalism or communism.

Donald Trump: Well, comrade, it means she's into that whole sect.

Tom Klingenstein: Right. But comrade just refers to her.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Tom Klingenstein: And I think it's important to point out that she's the head, at least nominally, the head of a movement.

Donald Trump: Yeah, but I don't think she is the head. That's the interesting thing.

Tom Klingenstein: Well, I don't either.

Donald Trump: I don't think she is the head, there are other people behind her that are telling her what to do.

Tom Klingenstein: I agree. I agree. Now, because I don't --

Donald Trump: And by the way, she shouldn't be allowed to run. She got no votes. This was a coup. This was just like a nice, hard South American coup, but there was no blood --

Tom Klingenstein: See, here's -- here's the real coup that nobody talks about. Your administration was overthrown. Nothing to do with vote fraud, leave that aside. All the character assassinations, the bogus investigations, lies --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Tom Klingenstein: Frauds, impeachment, that constitutes a coup right in front of our face. And I think people -- you and Republicans ought to say that. And when they say to you, "Gee, we worry about Trump because he's going to effect a coup." The response is, "Yeah, but you guys already effected a coup." Right? It was a coup.

Donald Trump: You know it better than anybody, and it's very interesting because of your writings. And I read your things. And I don't know that much about you. As soon as I read your first statement about me, I said, "This guy's got it figured." So many people don't understand what they did. And the problem we have, we have a lot of weak people in the Republican Party.

Donald Trump: They're not willing to play the game with the same level of ferocity that the Democrats play the game. Adam "Shifty" Schiff is a truly bad guy. He's a crooked guy. The Russia, Russia --

Tom Klingenstein: See, that's how we have to understand. We're in a war.

Donald Trump: We're in a war.

Tom Klingenstein: And in a war, you play by different rules. And you don't compromise because there's no basis for compromise. And let me get back to the debate. Republicans criticized you, some of them. Right?

Donald Trump: Some. And some -- some love me.

Tom Klingenstein: Right.

Donald Trump: And they still do.

Tom Klingenstein: Republicans shouldn't be criticizing -- you're our man.

Donald Trump: Well, we can't help it. Mitt Romney is Mitt Romney. He's a bad guy. They're weak.

Tom Klingenstein: But all I'm saying is, when you're in a war, right, you defend your commander-in-chief. Right?

Donald Trump: Well, I'm always saying that. The Republicans don't stick together like they -- now, I tell you what, on impeachment hoaxes, they stuck together, they were great to me. I actually had a unanimous in the House, which is unheard of, and outside of Romney, who actually only voted half, half a vote, if you can believe it.

Donald Trump: But I had unanimous in the Senate. They stuck together for that, that was a very important thing because it was a hoax. They're all hoaxes. Everything's a hoax. Russia, Russia, Russia was a hoax. They do that, and what they do is they distract you from doing things to our country that are great, as I say, make America great again, because you're fighting.

Donald Trump: But the Republicans -- and I'm not talking about for me, just if you look over the last 50 years, the Republicans don't stick the way the Democrats do. The Democrats are willing to go for really horrible policy. I think generally speaking, their policy is horrible. Nancy Pelosi is a horrible human being.

Donald Trump: I know her very well. She's a sick, horrible person, but she gets people to stick together. You know, she gets them to stick together for bad things. These are bad people, what they do to our country, these are very bad people. And I can name a lot of them on the other side. The Republicans have to get tougher.

Donald Trump: For instance, they cheat like hell on elections. We have a thing called the SAVE Act. It's not the end-all, but it makes it a little bit tougher. They just approved something where the SAVE Act comes up after the election. I said, "Wait a minute, you just read about it yesterday." They approved and they extended it.

Donald Trump: They did a continuing resolution, of course, because they always do. They just go on and on. And we have a thing attached to the continuing resolution called the SAVE Act. It has to do with elections which are taking place right now. They approve and do the continuing resolution where the SAVE Act is going to be approved probably but sometime after the election.

Donald Trump: What the hell good does that do us? So, it's so disappointing, they don't fight like they should fight. Their policies -- actually, the Republican policies are good. You're a very smart man, I know for a fact that you're a very rich man. Why the hell do you do this?

Tom Klingenstein: Probably for the same reason --

Donald Trump: Same reason I do it.

Tom Klingenstein: You know, I think this is very important.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Tom Klingenstein: I think I have something to offer like you. I don't have quite what you have to offer, but I have a particular constellation of skills, and I have resources, and I have something of a platform, so I can contribute. And this is my opportunity.

Donald Trump: Are you a golfer?

Tom Klingenstein: I am.

Donald Trump: Do you play well?

Tom Klingenstein: Not as well as you do.

Donald Trump: Well, will you play golf with me at the appropriate time?

Tom Klingenstein: Well, that's very nice of you, but I think I'll pass.

Donald Trump: Because you don't want to be shot at. I think I'll lose a lot of golf games. You know, yo be honest with you, I'm noticing people, well -- you know, people that love playing golf with me, they're saying, "Gee, I'd love to, but I'm not feeling so well today." Now, I always say, golf is a very dangerous game, and I've proven that, right?

Tom Klingenstein: Yes, you have. Well, I hope -- I hope your security is top-notch.

Donald Trump: I think it is. And I tell you, I think they did a great job on the second situation, I really do. To have somebody pick up the barrel of a gun was pretty good. You know, somebody else is walking down the fairway looking at the weather, "OK, isn't it a beautiful day?" And this guy took out his gun, and he started shooting.

Donald Trump: And that guy ran, and then he was caught. But it's very heavy. Well, you're going to see that today because you're coming with me to North Carolina.

Tom Klingenstein: OK, I'm really looking forward to it.

Donald Trump: You're going to see more machine guns on the tops of buildings than you've ever seen before.

Tom Klingenstein: OK.

Donald Trump: Yeah, I'm very -- I'm very happy with it, I'm very happy with it.

Tom Klingenstein: Good. Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Tom Klingenstein: I appreciate it.

Donald Trump: That's a different kind of an interview, but this guy -- I'm not going to argue with this guy because he's one smart cookie.

Tom Klingenstein: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Good. Let's go have some fun, OK?

Tom Klingenstein: OK.