Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-fox-and-friends-new-york-october-18-2024

Steve Doocy: Well, you know what? We said he was going to be here, and he's just walked into the studio. Ladies and gentlemen, we should --

Brian Kilmeade: How do you know?

Steve Doocy: We should probably all stand up. Donald Trump is in the house, and here he is.

Brian Kilmeade: Good day, Mr. President. Nice to see you.

Steve Doocy: Come on over. Quick turnaround. We've got a place for you.

Brian Kilmeade: Great to see you.

Donald Trump: That was very quick.

Steve Doocy: Yes.

Ainsley Earhardt: Hi, Mr. President. How are you? Good to see you. Come get [inaudible] we'll sit you right here in the middle.

Steve Doocy: Mr. President, sit right over here. I'm the official audio guy for today. Mr. President. Welcome back.

Donald Trump: Good to know.

Lawrence Jones: Hello, sir.

Donald Trump: Lawrence.

Ainsley Earhardt: You have so many jammers with you. We can't even use --

Lawrence Jones: I know. We have to use these hard lines.

Donald Trump: Oh, I have a lot of jammers --

Steve Doocy: Let's put it right here --

Donald Trump: I do.

Steve Doocy: Like that.

Donald Trump: OK.

Steve Doocy: Very good.

Donald Trump: Good job. Wow.

Steve Doocy: All right.

Ainsley Earhardt: Glad you're here.

Steve Doocy: And we'll all sit down. Three, two, one.

Donald Trump: There we go.

Steve Doocy: How are you?

Donald Trump: I'm good. This is very nice.

Steve Doocy: Big night last night.

Donald Trump: I've never sat in the middle.

Steve Doocy: It's great, right?

Donald Trump: I've always sat on --

Ainsley Earhardt: I don't think anyone --

Lawrence Jones: It's the first.

Ainsley Earhardt: No one's sat in the middle.

Donald Trump: I've never see anybody sitting in the middle.

Steve Doocy: You've got the really good light.

Donald Trump: This is good lighting. How do we look? Oh, not so good.

Brian Kilmeade: Mr. President, don't you always do that first? The biggest interview, the smallest, the first thing you look at, you took -- you grab the light shot. Move that pole over. You come over here.

Steve Doocy: You're a producer.

Donald Trump: Lighting is very important. No, let's turn down the lights. No, I'm only kidding.

Lawrence Jones: Well, what did you think of last night?

Donald Trump: Nice room.

Brian Kilmeade: What did you think of last night?

Donald Trump: I thought it was great. I thought -- you know, it was for the Catholic church really and for a lot of good people, a lot of good causes. And unusually, she didn't show up. You would have thought she would have shown up last night. You were surprised. We were all surprised. But they told me it's only teleprompter for the comedian. I said, "Give me the --"

Brian Kilmeade: What?

Donald Trump: No, no, I didn't get -- so, I had to do it sort of like -- and I liked it better. I think I liked it better. But, you know, when I -- when I went, I said, "Is this a teleprompter speech?" And I had a pretty long speech. And they said, sir, we don't use teleprompter. Then, I get up there and see the comedian using it.

Ainsley Earhardt: I saw that, too.

Brian Kilmeade: Did they --

Donald Trump: And he was good, too, by the way.

Brian Kilmeade: Jim Gaffigan's funny.

Donald Trump: I thought he was good, yeah.

Steve Doocy: You know, Kamala Harris did not show up, as you know.

Donald Trump: Yeah, I do.

Steve Doocy: She -- she sent a video from "Saturday Night Live." You know, we have seen, historically, a lot of Democrats, they turn to the guys at "Saturday Night Live" --

Donald Trump: Right.

Steve Doocy: Or "The Tonight Show." They write all their material. Your material is real funny. Who wrote it? Who helped you with it?

Donald Trump: Well, I've had a lot of people helping, a lot of people -- a couple of people from Fox. Actually, I shouldn't say that, but they wrote some jokes. And for the most part, I didn't like any of them, but I got --

Brian Kilmeade: Should we see some highlights? I thought you did great.

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Brian Kilmeade: Watch.

Steve Doocy: Roll tape. [Begin videotape]

Donald Trump: Catholic church helping the poor, educating children, and supporting the vulnerable. But if you really wanted Vice President Harris to accept your invitation, I guess you should have told her the funds were going to bail out the looters and rioters in Minneapolis. And she would have been here guaranteed.

Donald Trump: She would have been here guaranteed. It's a true pleasure to be with you this evening. Amazing pleasure. And these days, it's really a pleasure anywhere in New York without a subpoena for my appearance. Anytime I don't get a subpoena, I'm very happy. But, unfortunately, Governor Walz isn't here himself.

Donald Trump: But don't worry, he'll say that he was. He's going to say he was. But I have to be careful, however, to understand that this will be the first time in the history of this event where jokes will be fact checked, and they will be. All polls are indicating I'm leading big with the Catholic vote as I should be, as I should be.

Donald Trump: But I don't think Kamala has given up yet. She hasn't. Instead of attending tonight, she's in Michigan receiving communion from Gretchen Whitmer. [End videotape]

Brian Kilmeade: That was funny.

Ainsley Earhardt: That was funny.

Lawrence Jones: Mr. President, you had a balance because you're -- you got to tell these jokes. But you're sitting next to people that don't like you at all.

Steve Doocy: Chuck Schumer's right there.

Lawrence Jones: So, how was that?

Donald Trump: You know, I know him very well. I guess he doesn't like -- but he likes me enough. It's -- it's a little bit -- it's hard to explain. You know, I gave him his first check. When he was young, I was young, it was his first check. I don't know, is that good or bad? But it was the first check that he ever got.

Donald Trump: He was running for, I think, assembly up in New York. And he got it from me, so --

Lawrence Jones: So, we should blame you for the rise of destruction.

Ainsley Earhardt: Yeah, right.

Lawrence Jones: It's all on you.

Donald Trump: You can blame me for --

Ainsley Earhardt: Right. What --

Brian Kilmeade: Defeating Al D'Amato.

Steve Doocy: It was New York.

Ainsley Earhardt: What did Mayor Adams say to you? Because you were -- I mean, he's a Democrat, you're a Republican, but you can relate because of these subpoenas.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Ainsley Earhardt: Letitia James, she was in the back row?

Donald Trump: The weaponization. No, it's -- look, I've been investigated more than Alphonse Capone, I say it. But Adams, he came out against the immigrants, you know, against the destruction of New York, frankly. He did the right thing. I said, "He will be indicted within six months." And he was. They indicted him now.

Donald Trump: Now, I don't know if it's legit. I haven't looked at it. But it seems very suspicious when he's -- you know, he comes out against something they're doing -- they're destroying the country. They are destroying our country. He was right. I -- I go down the streets of New York. I went down the streets of New York two days ago, and I'm looking at migrants all over Madison Avenue, all over Fifth Avenue.

Donald Trump: I've never seen anything like it. I'll tell you, I've never seen -- this is New York. You see empty stores. You never saw empty stores on Madison Avenue. You never see them. It's a -- it's a shame. He did the right thing, but he got indicted. And they play weaponization. These are an evil group of people.

Donald Trump: These are really a bad group of people. I'm doing well with my stuff. I won in Florida. I won -- I'm winning all over the place. But, you know, what they want to do is keep him busy. Let him spend plenty of money fighting it, and let him maybe -- but I think, so far, it's backfired because the public understands.

Donald Trump: The win in Florida, that was the big case. That was the case, "Oh, you're going to lose." Now, he actually lost because he had documents, but he didn't have the presidential --

Lawrence Jones: You're talking about the documents case in Florida.

Donald Trump: Yeah. It was the documents case. That was like, they say, the big one. I don't know what's the big one, but the big one. And we had a very brilliant judge, a very fair judge. And I won the case. I won the whole thing. He didn't win. They said he was grossly incompetent. And based on that, they're not going to charge him.

Donald Trump: But the funny is he can be president, but he can't go to court. They say he can't go to court because he's incompetent. So, he can't go to court, so that's OK. But he's allowed to be president. So, there's something wrong with our country when that -- when that happens.

Steve Doocy: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But I thought last night -- I thought last night --

Brian Kilmeade: It was great.

Steve Doocy: I think it was terrible that she missed it because it's only been one person missed it in many years, and that's Walter Mondale. And he lost 49 to 1.

Brian Kilmeade: But let me ask you --

Steve Doocy: Whoops.

Brian Kilmeade: Why do you think she missed it?

Donald Trump: God was not with her.

Brian Kilmeade: Mr. President, why do you think she missed it? There's a lot of theories.

Donald Trump: OK. I think that she's not competent. I don't want to say this kind of stuff, but we can't live with this. We're not going to be able to live with it.

Brian Kilmeade: So, you don't think she's funny?

Donald Trump: I don't think she's funny. I don't -- look, her staff, she's got -- 5 percent of her staff stayed with her, 95 percent quit. If that happened to me, I'd be front page of every -- nobody likes her, nobody wants to be with her. And I only say this, I don't like even saying it, but we can't have her as a president.

Donald Trump: She's a Marxist. We're not ready for a Marxist. Do you agree with that, Ainsley?

Ainsley Earhardt: I do agree with you.

Brian Kilmeade: [inaudible] is a Marxist.

Ainsley Earhardt: Yeah, let me ask you this. She's --

Donald Trump: And she -- and she's not very good. Let's face it.

Ainsley Earhardt: Closing argument time because we're only --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Ainsley Earhardt: Two and a half weeks until the election. So, this is the final -- this is it. So, she realized joy, joy, joy, that's not working for them.

Donald Trump: Not working too well.

Ainsley Earhardt: So, now they've -- they've changed it. They -- now, they're ramping up their rhetoric. And when she sat down with Bret Baier, she said, talking about you, "He's unstable." When she was speaking at a rally in Erie, Pennsylvania, she called you unstable and unhinged. And then, in this new ad that they've rolled out, she's saying unhinged, more unstable, and unchecked.

Ainsley Earhardt: And then this caller that called in to Charlamagne tha God, his "Breakfast Club" show, this caller says, "I have a sneaking suspicion that if Trump wins, he's going to use this law to put anyone that doesn't look white in camps. And I'm scared." and she says, "Yeah." So, you've hit on a really important point.

Ainsley Earhardt: What is your response and what is your closing argument?

Donald Trump: Well, first of all, the question is pretty rough question because, you know, you're giving this whole argument of this woman that I don't think she knows where she is. She's a low-IQ person, she's not smart. Everyone knows that didn't even pass her law exam. It was a big thing. She never thought she was going to be able to pass it.

Donald Trump: You know, if you tell me this stuff, I'll say it. I am a person that -- they are a threat to democracy. These people are misinformation people. They'll say, "Let's go out with this one." They've tried many different things. They tried "He's a dictator. He's going to take over the whole world. He's this."

Donald Trump: Every week, they try something else. So, far, it hasn't worked. I guess that's the attack they have for this week. It doesn't seem to be working. I am the most stable human being. Remember they said "a stable genius." I am the most stable human being. I've been doing this for a long time. We had four years of greatness.

Donald Trump: We had the greatest economy in history. We had the greatest border. Brian, you were down there.

Brian Kilmeade: Absolutely.

Donald Trump: We had a border that was the best we've ever had in the history of our country. There's never been anything like it. I built 551 miles of wall, which is far more than I said I was going to build when I campaigned. I had a border where the drugs were at the lowest level, the human traffickers -- in women, they traffic in women.

Donald Trump: Everything was at the lowest level. I got kudos from -- excuse me, the -- the Border Patrol gave me with thousands of people unanimous -- every single one --

Lawrence Jones: They endorsed you, Mr. President.

Brian Kilmeade: That was a big one.

Donald Trump: They endorsed me.

Lawrence Jones: And -- and --

Donald Trump: What can you do better than that?

Lawrence Jones: And, Mr. President, you're gaining with minorities. And, you know, I've been going across the country to these barbershops. Yesterday, you said you wanted to go.

Donald Trump: I did.

Lawrence Jones: So, we went to the Bronx yesterday. Here's a little bit of what we saw at the barbershop. [Begin videotape]

Donald Trump: You guys are the same as me, it's the same stuff. We were born the same way. I grew up in Queens and all of that. I mean, you know, it's -- I had a great father. I had a father who was a great guy. He was tough but good big heart, big, big heart. And he was a construction guy pretty much and a real estate guy, and I learned a lot from him.

Donald Trump: He was great. But I know -- I know you people so well. Without knowing you, I know you so well. When I walked in here, I said this is -- this is home territory. [End videotape]

Lawrence Jones: So, Mr. President, we're going to play the full thing on Monday, but what was that experience like? There was so much love in the room.

Donald Trump: It was like people that I grew up with actually, you know, all different types, everything perfect. The area was incredible. The traffic, the -- there were thousands and many thousands of people standing outside this barbershop. The owner was great with his son. The son is actually the owner. He's already made that passage.

Donald Trump: But the -- the people were fantastic. We could have stayed there for two hours, right? It was great. I had --

Lawrence Jones: Why do you think they're giving you a shot? They haven't voted for Republicans in years like this. So, what is -- what are you doing on the ground differently --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Lawrence Jones: That is attracting Black men, Hispanic men?

Donald Trump: I just saw a Hispanic poll. I'm at 52 percent. Nobody's ever seen that before. Republicans have never been there before. I'm at 52 percent. And with Black men, I'm at 32 percent and 31 percent. This is sort of throwing their -- their formulas off a little bit. You know, this is a --

Lawrence Jones: Yeah.

Donald Trump: This is a little bit of a change. But look, we ran a great country. We had everything going. The world respected us. We had no wars. This group will cause us World War III. They have no idea what they're doing. And, you know, I hate to talk that way, but we can't let this woman get in.

Steve Doocy: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's two people, and she's a very -- and you talk about unstable. She's a whack job. And how about the -- how about the vice president? How about Walz. I mean, he's not qualified to be doing this. He is -- I mean you have to look at the vice president very seriously. And you compare him and JD Vance, JD Vance, No.

Donald Trump: 1 at Yale, you know, the whole thing. I mean, high academic -- I mean, JD Is doing a phenomenal job.

Steve Doocy: Yeah, and he was -- he was with us on the -- yesterday joined us from the Washington DC area.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Steve Doocy: One of the things about "Fox and Friends" -- we've been doing this show for like 28 years, but one of the biggest days was the day you became president. And we, actually, got to do the very first interview at the White House when you were -- after you were sworn in. And it was a great interview, and it made a lot of news.

Steve Doocy: Ainsley asked a great question in 2017 And we're going to -- we're going to get in the wayback machine, Mr. President. We're going to play that for you, and then we're going to update the question.

Donald Trump: But you know the difference? In the old days, you never played negative ads. In other words, when I leave here, I'll then be hit by five or six ads. And in the old days, you never had --

Brian Kilmeade: Even Fox News.

Donald Trump: Yeah, well, in the old days. But -- in the old days, which wasn't -- so when I leave, I'll have 12 people from Kamala on and, you know, pretty much unopposed for 19 days. I don't think we should do that anymore. I think you shouldn't play negative ads. It's very tough. You do a show, and I complain all the time about it.

Donald Trump: I love complaining, I love complaining. I like to have everything perfect. But when I leave here, I'll have 200 people from --

Brian Kilmeade: Because they buy time on Fox.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: And, you know, by the time you do it, you say, "What are you doing?" It's sort of a net --

Steve Doocy: Right, right, right.

Donald Trump: A net neutral.

Steve Doocy: Well --

Donald Trump: We'll see what happens.

Steve Doocy: This is not an ad. This is actually -- here we are in the East Room of the White House, you are president --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Steve Doocy: 2017. Ainsley's got a great question for you.

Ainsley Earhardt: Thanks.

Steve Doocy: Watch this. [Begin videotape]

Ainsley Earhardt: What grade would you give yourself from an A to an F?

Donald Trump: Well, I think --

Steve Doocy: I think -- I think I know what you're going to say.

Brian Kilmeade: Well, let's hear it.

Donald Trump: I think -- yeah, no, I wouldn't do that. I think in terms of effort, which means something but -- I give myself an A plus, OK, effort. But -- but that's -- you know, results are more important. In terms of messaging, I would give myself a C or a C plus. [End videotape]

Steve Doocy: And that surprised us. So, here we are years later. I don't remember those young people right there.

Ainsley Earhardt: I know.

Steve Doocy: What kind of a grade would you give yourself for the campaign thus far? You got two and a half more weeks.

Donald Trump: So, look, I've had three campaigns, and I won the first one. I did much better in the second one, getting millions more votes. And this one, I can say there's more enthusiasm. And we had a lot of enthusiasm for both. You know, I won. I did -- we got 10 to 12 million votes more the second time, which is a lot.

Donald Trump: Never happened before. I think this is the best campaign --

Steve Doocy: A for effort?

Donald Trump: Oh, for effort --

Steve Doocy: What about for --

Donald Trump: Nobody works like me.

Steve Doocy: What about for the message --

Donald Trump: I think I have to go higher than an A.

Steve Doocy: A plus. So what about messaging?

Donald Trump: Well, message, I'll have to tell you that in, you know, on -- on the sixth, I think.

Brian Kilmeade: All about results. I don't know. I think it's all about results. I mean the message, I think, I'm saying -- look, the message is we're going to do a great job. We're not going to get into wars. We're not going to have a third world war. So, importantly, we're going to have a strong border. We're going to have the greatest economy.

Brian Kilmeade: We're going to bring back the economy. We're not going to have inflation. We're going to drill, baby, drill. We're going to get energy prices down at least 50 percent in one year. Right.

Donald Trump: And I'll put that on your show so you can interview me in a year --

Brian Kilmeade: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But I don't -- but we're going to bring energy prices down. That's going to bring the inflation and the cost down. We're going to make this thing really good. We're going to bring a lot of companies back into the US. Jobs are going to be good, everything is going to be good. And everything was good when I had -- look, we had the greatest economy in the history of the country five years ago.

Donald Trump: Go back in, five years ago, we had the greatest economy in the history of the country. And now, we have a horrible economy from the standpoint that inflation ruined -- I had no inflation. Inflation ruined the economy, just ruined it. And I gave them inflation-free. I gave them almost no inflation, and it carried on for two years.

Donald Trump: And then they went out and borrowed like $7 trillion, which was so stupid to do. And when they borrowed that, it all blew up. The other thing they did is they blew up the energy policy. I had the best energy policy this country has ever had. We were energy independent. We will soon be energy independent and energy dominant. We'll be selling all over the world.

Brian Kilmeade: So I watched your Univision, your Univision town hall, and one thing stood out to me. They said -- one of the questions was, "Hey, what would you like to do again? What would you do different?" He goes, "Well, I probably wouldn't have hired some of the people I hired, so I want to just look forward." So, as people have 18 days, they're going to vote.

Brian Kilmeade: And as Jim Gaffigan said, "I can't believe anybody's undecided at this point."

Ainsley Earhardt: I know.

Brian Kilmeade: But let's say you vote, can you give people --

Donald Trump: That is so --

Brian Kilmeade: That was a great line. Can you give people a vision of what your cabinet will look like? Can you throw out some of the names -- because you don't need a binder from Chris Christie --

Donald Trump: No.

Brian Kilmeade: or Jared Kushner.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Brian Kilmeade: You know it. So, can you give people out there, who are you going to be making -- a rough -- you could easily punt on this question, I hope you won't, an idea of what your team will look like?

Donald Trump: Well, a lot of the people that you had last night will be a part of it. We had some tremendous people. And that room really had some great people.

Steve Doocy: Wait, Cardinal Dolan?

Donald Trump: Oh, I put him in, right?

Steve Doocy: Right.

Ainsley Earhardt: He is the best.

Donald Trump: Honestly -- and he looked good, he lost weight, he looked nice and thin, I said, "What are you doing?"

Ainsley Earhardt: He's the nicest guy, isn't he?

Donald Trump: Right?

Ainsley Earhardt: Love him.

Donald Trump: No, he's a great guy. And that's why I did it to a large -- you know, by the way, he called me during COVID, and he said the Catholic Church needs billions of dollars to keep the school going. And the schools are -- you know, they run great schools. And I got him the money during COVID, and I think it meant a lot to him.

Donald Trump: I think it meant a lot to the Catholic people. I got him $1.7 billion --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: And they had a great school system during COVID, and they kept it open.

Brian Kilmeade: And I did a feature with him. And I know you're doing the weave --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Brian Kilmeade: So, you always come back. So, just to the question, can you throw some -- some names out of the --

Donald Trump: I thought I got out of it.

Brian Kilmeade: No, you told me the weave. You told me about the weave.

Donald Trump: No, it's all about the weave. You know, sometimes I get -- they say it's either a genius, it's so brilliant, I go from here and then it being -- but you always come right back --

Brian Kilmeade: I know.

Donald Trump: To where it's supposed to be.

Brian Kilmeade: I just want you [inaudible] it's a weave.

Donald Trump: Some say it's total genius, some say, "Oh, wow, what's going on here." No, it's -- it's pretty good, I tell you. Look, I think it's a little bit early. I have great people at every position, but I don't like talking --

Brian Kilmeade: Have you pre-thought it?

Donald Trump: Like maybe every minute of every day.

Ainsley Earhardt: You said RFK Jr. --

Donald Trump: Oh, he's going to be a part of it.

Brian Kilmeade: Doug Burgum?

Donald Trump: He had a big impact because he's -- he's very much into women's health and health, and he's very much into the environment, which a lot of people like. People really like him. He looked good last night.

Brian Kilmeade: He's in very good shape.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Yeah. He is in good shape.

Brian Kilmeade: He --

Donald Trump: I saw the pictures, Brian, of him with the whole thing and --

Brian Kilmeade: Yeah. And you don't take your shirt off and -- and bench press if you're not in good shape.

Ainsley Earhardt: Right. Right.

Donald Trump: No, it's pretty good.

Lawrence Jones: Ainsley, you got a question?

Donald Trump: I'd do it. Would you like me to do it?

Brian Kilmeade: I would like you to do that.

Ainsley Earhardt: It seems that we know --

Donald Trump: One day.

Ainsley Earhardt: We know Pennsylvania, Michigan --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Ainsley Earhardt: Two of -- two very important states. It looks like this might come down to Pennsylvania. Elon Musk has been there campaigning for you. Why do you think he is so vocal and such an avid supporter?

Donald Trump: Well, he said that if we don't win this country, it's finished. He actually says it. He says, you know, that they are the threat to democracy. They're all about sound bites and -- these people are sick. They have people -- you know, I talk about the enemy from within, what -- what person wants to have open borders? What person wants to have men playing in women's sports? What -- all of this stuff, it doesn't make sense.

Donald Trump: It's no good, it's horrible. But they have an open border. They're going to always have an open border. We'll have -- so they let 21 million people into our country. Of the 21 million, 13,000 were murderers, 13,099 to be exact, drug dealer -- and this is all over the world. This isn't just South America.

Donald Trump: Drug dealers came in, everybody's coming in. They emptied their jails from all over the world. They emptied their jails into this -- into our beautiful country. We have a problem. I mean, you know, we have to straighten it out. We have to get these people out. They emptied jails from all over the world, jails.

Donald Trump: In those jails, you have dealers, you have murderers, you have gang members. They took all their gangs in Venezuela, dumped them into the United States. You know, Venezuela crime is down 72 percent because their criminals are in the United States. And it's going down further --

Lawrence Jones: So, Mr. President, how do you handle that? Because you're right, they're here. You see Tren de Aragua taking over apartment complexes.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Brian Kilmeade: Read the New York Post --

Lawrence Jones: Although ABC says, "Oh, it's just a handful of apartment complexes."

Donald Trump: Can you believe that?

Lawrence Jones: How would you like them --

Donald Trump: You know, the Democrats say -- the Democrats say, "Well, it's not that bad." They've taken over big sections of the town --

Brian Kilmeade: Yeah.

Donald Trump: With weapons that -- the army doesn't need that.

Lawrence Jones: So, Mr. President, after you get rid of the criminals, OK, you wipe out all the gangs, all the people that are raping people in this country, the sexual assault, you get rid of them in the country, you get ICE funded, and they're deported.

Donald Trump: By the way, it's a big proportion --

Lawrence Jones: How do you handle the -- it is a huge proportion. How do you handle the next portion?

Donald Trump: OK, then we --

Lawrence Jones: The people that broke the law to come in here, but --

Donald Trump: Then we start thinking.

Lawrence Jones: OK.

Donald Trump: Then we start thinking. Because, you know, look, you're talking about millions of people, you're talking about 21 million people --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: In three years. Just so you know, they will let this happen. If they win the election, they're going to open up the border, and the border is going to be open for four years. You'll have 200 million people come in.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: We have no idea. They tend to be not the best for a reason because the countries send them out. The countries are not sending their best people out. I've been saying this for a long time. They're not sending their best.

Brian Kilmeade: Your original -- your very first speech, you said they're not sending in their best.

Donald Trump: It's just common sense, Brian.

Brian Kilmeade: So --

Donald Trump: When a country sends people out, they're not saying, "Hey, let's take our best people and send them to the US." They're sending -- they're sending their rapists, they're sending their murderers. We have a big country -- look at what's happening in Springfield, Ohio. Look at what's happening in Aurora.

Donald Trump: Aurora is amazing. Do you know there are many Aurora's right now, but you haven't heard about them?

Ainsley Earhardt: San Antonio --

Lawrence Jones: Yeah.

Brian Kilmeade: Yeah.

Ainsley Earhardt: We just interviewed a man running for Congress down there, said this is happening at an apartment complex down there.

Donald Trump: It's only going to get worse.

Brian Kilmeade: So, let's talk about, when you look at the positive --

Donald Trump: By the way, they're destroying our country, destroying this country.

Brian Kilmeade: I know. I know they took over Randalls Island. The kids can't even play soccer. They just took over.

Donald Trump: I looked at -- I looked at -- I'm telling you, I drove down Madison, the first time I've ever seen vacant stores. And I see migrants from foreign countries, the people that came in --

Brian Kilmeade: Yeah.

Donald Trump: They're sleeping all over the streets.

Ainsley Earhardt: That's true.

Brian Kilmeade: Can I get you the -- when you look at your positives, obviously, with men, it's through the roof. You're making gains in Hispanics, Blacks, I understand that. But when -- when the doors close and the team sits around you, they say, "Mr. President, you got to do better with women. That's where she's -- Kamala Harris is excelling with women."

Brian Kilmeade: Is one move to get women on your side is to get Ivanka out, Melania out, and especially Nikki Haley out in these final 18 days? Is that something that's coming out of your strategy session?

Donald Trump: Look, I think I do very well with women, and I think it's all nonsense. I see the polls, and we do well.

Brian Kilmeade: What about the Nikki Haley --

Donald Trump: You have one issue, you have the issue of abortion. Without abortion, the women love me. Now, they like me anyway, because what I've done is so good. I've taken this issue out of the federal government and put it back to the states where they're voting. And I believe in exceptions and most people do for rape and all -- you know, rape, incest, life of the mother.

Donald Trump: But I've done so, and I think I've taken an issue.

Brian Kilmeade: So, could I amend my question?

Donald Trump: Let me just say, that issue has torn our country apart --

Brian Kilmeade: True.

Donald Trump: For 52 years. No legal scholar, no Democrat, Republican, no liberal, conservative wanted it to be in -- in Congress. They wanted it to be out of the federal government. I got it out through six very brave judges who were also brilliant.

Brian Kilmeade: True.

Donald Trump: And now, they're voting. Ohio voted and it's actually a very liberal vote. Kansas, very liberal vote. But people are voting. They wanted it to be in the states and a vote of the people. But that issue may be some women --

Brian Kilmeade: OK.

Donald Trump: But they're going to find -- the country is going to --

Brian Kilmeade: I'm going to do a subset of the question.

Donald Trump: Well, the country is coming together now over there --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: And they're getting to vote. They're actually voting on the issue.

Brian Kilmeade: There's a segment of our -- of the Republican Party that likes Nikki Haley, and they are reluctant to jump into your column. She wants to help. She said, "If he calls me, I'm there." You guys used to be tight. In the last 18 days, will you call her and say, "Come out with me?"

Donald Trump: Yeah, I'll do what I have to do. But let me just tell you. Nikki Haley and I fought, and I beat her by 50, 60, 90 points. I beat her in her own state --

Brian Kilmeade: Yeah.

Donald Trump: By numbers that nobody's ever been beaten by. I beat Nikki Haley. I beat everyone else, too, badly. I beat -- I mean, frankly, I set records, both in speed and in the magnitude of the win. And everybody keeps saying that. They don't say get Ron, and Ron did very well. But again, I beat everybody by numbers that have never happened before.

Donald Trump: And they keep talking about Nikki, Nikki. I like Nikki. Nikki, I don't think, should have done what she did, and that's fine that she did it. But even in her own state, in South Carolina, where she was the governor, I beat her by a number that nobody ever heard.

Brian Kilmeade: Right. And she dropped that.

Donald Trump: By 50 points or something. And then they say, "Oh, when is Nikki coming back in?" Nikki is in. Nikki is helping us already. But it's just people keep saying, "When do you bring --" they don't say, "When are you bringing this one?" Everybody is in. And Nikki is already in. You know, she's out campaigning.

Donald Trump: And Elon Musk is -- look. I watched a rocket ship land four days ago.

Steve Doocy: That was stunning.

Donald Trump: I watched a rocket ship -- you talk about people. This guy is unbelievable. I was on the phone. I'm talking to somebody on the phone, blah, blah, blah, and I'm half falling asleep, an important guy, but a very boring guy. And I'm like this. And the television is sort of like -- the sound is off. And I see this massive, like, 20-storeys -- you know, the thing is like 20-storeys tall.

Donald Trump: And I'm looking -- I thought it was a space movie or something.

Steve Doocy: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I did -- this guy is so brilliant. And I watch it come down, and it's gone -- and you can see it's still in good shape, but it's burned to hell because it was traveling at 10,000 miles an hour.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: You know, so it's like a piece of fire, and it's coming down. And I said, "Oh, man, that's going to crash into the gantry."

Steve Doocy: This is not good.

Donald Trump: Right?

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: And I said -- and then I see the two arms grab it, and it's like perfect. I said that could only be Elon. I called, he said, "That was me." So, think of it. This guy is campaigning. He is actually campaigning for me in Pennsylvania.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: He thinks that my winning -- and a lot of people love him. I mean, he is -- you know what he did with that Starlink, how he helped North Carolina.

Brian Kilmeade: Oh, yeah.

Ainsley Earhardt: Yes.

Lawrence Jones: It was huge.

Donald Trump: And Georgia.

Ainsley Earhardt: They were so grateful.

Donald Trump: I mean, they had no communication.

Lawrence Jones: I was there.

Donald Trump: He had it there in record time. I called him, I said, "Could you do --" They asked me do I know him. "Yes, I know." He gave me the nicest endorsement really of anybody.

Lawrence Jones: So --

Donald Trump: Having his endorsement meant a lot.

Lawrence Jones: So, Mr. President, we got some viewer questions.

Donald Trump: OK.

Lawrence Jones: They wanted to set it up for you. Ainsley has the first one.

Ainsley Earhardt: Well, OK, so this is -- she was watching the show yesterday, Paula. She lives in Claxton, Georgia.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Ainsley Earhardt: And I'm sure you've heard of the Claxton Fruitcake Company --

Donald Trump: I have.

Ainsley Earhardt: The largest fruitcake company in the world.

Brian Kilmeade: We get it every Christmas.

Ainsley Earhardt: Yeah. They sell them at Walmart and Sam's store.

Brian Kilmeade: The reason [inaudible]

Donald Trump: I want one immediately.

Ainsley Earhardt: So, she -- she's part of the family that produces these fruitcakes, and she had a question for you.

Donald Trump: OK.

Ainsley Earhardt: Here's Paula. [Begin videotape]

Paula Parker Claxton: Good morning, President Trump. My name is Paula Parker Claxton. My family owns a wholesale and retail fruitcake bakery in Claxton, Georgia. When you were elected president of the United States, what plans do you have to curb the rising cost of operating a small business, inflation, and labor costs? [End videotape]

Donald Trump: I'm going to get your energy down to the lowest it's been. We're going to get it down by 50 percent immediately. Those ovens that you use are going to be half priced. You will be so happy because I'm bringing it down with energy.

Brian Kilmeade: Are you going to allow gas --

Donald Trump: Energy -- and we're going to allow gas stoves, all the gas stoves you want. That's the other thing. They're restricting all the good stuff.

Brian Kilmeade: Yeah.

Donald Trump: They're restricted. You're going to have a beautiful gas stove, and you're going to have -- mark my words.

Ainsley Earhardt: They're beautiful.

Donald Trump: Your energy costs will be 50 percent down. That's going to bring everything else down. You're going to love Trump.

Steve Doocy: Terrific, you know, Mr. President, the event you were at last night --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Steve Doocy: Raises millions of dollars a lot for, you know, Catholic schools here --

Donald Trump: Right.

Steve Doocy: In the New York City area. We've got a question for -- from Anthony in Wisconsin, a swing state --

Donald Trump: OK.

Steve Doocy: And it's about school choice. Listen to this. [Begin videotape] I am Anthony from -- from Appleton, Wisconsin. I have high-functioning autism, but my autism means I am only allowed to go to public schools that teach things and promote things against my values and faith. This makes life hard and confusing.

Steve Doocy: When you become president, what can you and JD Vance do to help other students like me to have a choice of schools. [End videotape]

Lawrence Jones: School choice. What a smart kid.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much. It's all about school choice. You know that's one of the biggest things on my platform. It's about school choice. And it's -- also, we're going to move, get it out of Washington. If you look at our schools, we spend more per pupil than any other -- any other country, Norway, Sweden, Denmark.

Donald Trump: I hate to say this, China, can you believe? Top five.

Brian Kilmeade: Yeah.

Donald Trump: They have great school programs. We are No. 40, which is sort of like at the bottom of the list. We spend more per pupil than -- we're moving everyone -- we're moving it all out of Washington, and we're going to let the states run the schools. So, you give the schools to Iowa. They're going to be another Norway.

Donald Trump: It's going to be great. You give them to so many different states. Indiana, they're dying to do it. They can do it for less than half, and you will have those states competing with the best --

Brian Kilmeade: Get rid of the Department of Education?

Donald Trump: It's going to go.

Steve Doocy: Great. And --

Donald Trump: And every building in Washington, you know, you go by Department of Education. I'm going to have one person working there maybe with a secretary. I don't mean a secretary, secretary.

Steve Doocy: Yeah.

Brian Kilmeade: Yeah.

Lawrence Jones: You want it all -- you want it all to be local now.

Steve Doocy: Stenographer.

Donald Trump: Because we want to make sure they're teaching English.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: Right? Let's say reading, writing, and arithmetic.

Lawrence Jones: None of the [inaudible]

Donald Trump: Not transgender. We're not going to be [inaudible]

Brian Kilmeade: What about our history?

Steve Doocy: Right. Well, and --

Donald Trump: All of that. Absolutely.

Steve Doocy: Mr. President, the key about school choice is there are a lot of people who would love to be able to take the money that -- that they put into taxes --

Donald Trump: Right, right.

Steve Doocy: And put it into a different school.

Donald Trump: Right.

Steve Doocy: Not the public school but the Catholic school, the private school.

Brian Kilmeade: Like Arizona.

Steve Doocy: Yeah.

Lawrence Jones: So, Mr. President, we got a question --

Steve Doocy: And you are on board with that?

Donald Trump: School choice is one of the most important things we're going to be doing.

Steve Doocy: Absolutely.

Donald Trump: Because we have the worst -- think of it, out of 40, we're No. 40.

Steve Doocy: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And yet, we're No. 1 when it comes to spending per pupil. Does that sound good?

Steve Doocy: Well, there's a bill that just passed the Ways and Means Committee. You know, it could pass in your first 100 days as president. Sounds like you'd sign it.

Donald Trump: I would sign it. Anything to do with school choice.

Steve Doocy: OK.

Donald Trump: But also, separate from school choice. We're going to take the Department of Education, close it. I'm going to close it. We'll have one person, could be you if you decide to retire.

Steve Doocy: OK.

Brian Kilmeade: Mr. President, here's what bothers me.

Donald Trump: You'd be central casting.

Brian Kilmeade: Here's what -- here's what bothers me about that. So, let's say you have a liberal city, let's say Los Angeles, San Diego and they just decide they, "Oh, we're going to get rid of that history. We have new history. This is America built off the backs of slaves on stolen land." And that curriculum comes in.

Donald Trump: Then we don't send them -- then we don't send them money. We would save half of our budget.

Brian Kilmeade: OK.

Donald Trump: And we're going to send -- but if they want to do that --

Brian Kilmeade: Because you do lose control when you go lower.

Donald Trump: No, no. They -- well, we've lost control. We're -- we're No. 40.

Lawrence Jones: We have.

Donald Trump: We're last on the list. We're the worst there is, and we spend more money there. And a lot of states -- look, you know, what's going to happen. The states that are well-run now, like I don't want to say specifically because -- but you take Indiana, it's so nice. No debt, no debt, everything is good. Our beautiful Iowa, right, that I win every time.

Brian Kilmeade: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Take -- every one of those states. So, let's say out of the 50, we have close to 40 like that. Then, you have the laggards run by guys like Gavin New-scum, who is -- you probably won't do as well there. But they -- you have to watch it a little bit more.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: No, if they want to get cute, then you don't send them the money.

Lawrence Jones: So, Mr. President, we got a question from my home state of Texas. This is Don. He has a question about accomplishments. [Begin videotape]

Don Albright: Good morning, Mr. President. My name is Don Albright. I live in Katy, Texas. My question is, what is something that you did not accomplish in your first term that you would like to accomplish in this term? [End videotape]

Donald Trump: Well, you know, we had a great first term. We had the greatest economy we've ever had. We had the strongest borders we've ever had. We rebuilt the entire US military. Unfortunately, they gave a lot of it to the -- to Afghanistan in one of the worst times ever. I think the biggest thing for me in terms of government is great people.

Donald Trump: I had great people. I had a lot of great like Bob Lighthizer in trade. We had great people, but I had a couple of clinkers that I would not want again. And I know -- I didn't know -- you have to understand. I was there 17 times in my entire life. All of a sudden I'm president. I'm saying, "Wait a minute."

Donald Trump: And I'm -- people are recommending different people. Of the people, usually we got it right, but there were some ones that we didn't get right. I now know everybody in Washington. I think it's been enforced. I know people in Washington that nobody ever heard of.

Brian Kilmeade: Now, you'll be the most experienced president.

Donald Trump: I think I'll be the most experienced guy. I know the good ones, the bad ones, the dumb ones, the smart ones, the loyal ones --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: The people that want to --

Brian Kilmeade: What about the list of the dumb ones. Let's hear that.

Donald Trump: Oh, I'll give you a list.

Lawrence Jones: Of all the people that were involved --

Donald Trump: Most of them -- most of them are the people that I fired. You know, when you fire -- you know, Biden has never fired anybody. Never. He should have fired a lot of generals and a lot of people for Afghanistan, as an example. I took out ISIS, I promote people. I beat ISIS. It was supposed to take five years, it took one month. I did it in one month.

Steve Doocy: We're aware.

Donald Trump: We have unbelievable generals. We have unbelievable military. But not the guys like Milley that you see on television all the time. We have great people.

Lawrence Jones: Are those generals fired when you're there? Because some of the people involved in Afghanistan are still there.

Donald Trump: That's right a lot of them. Almost every person that speaks badly of me. Look, you're firing, I know a lot about firing. When you fire somebody, you can do it nicely and take a year and just, you know, "Not working out, blah, blah, blah." I've done that and I've done it. "Get out, you're fired. Get out." And --

Steve Doocy: I saw that on TV.

Donald Trump: But can I tell you that did quite well. So, I've done it always. You know, at the end, when you get fired, you get fired. It doesn't matter. You might as well just do it quickly. And then, if you're famous like me, they write a book.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: Because the sleazebags come out and they offer them $1 million to write a book. And then, sometimes, they'll say, "I want to make it good." No, we're not interested in a good book. We're only -- so, I end up with more books than -- you know, I just end up. And I end up -- it is true. If Bush fired somebody, nobody cares about Bush, they couldn't care less about Bush, I think you do you like -- oh, you like Bush.

Brian Kilmeade: I do.

Donald Trump: I'll use it -- let me use it.

Brian Kilmeade: You like W. You guys get along.

Donald Trump: He's fine. Well --

Brian Kilmeade: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But I disagreed with what he did so much.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: I just disagreed with him.

Brian Kilmeade: So, you --

Donald Trump: I really did. I disagreed with what -- got us into the Middle East. We spent $10 trillion. We got nothing so -- except death.

Brian Kilmeade: So, you like kids. Here's a 10-year-old from Tennessee. He has a question for the -- the 45th president. [Begin videotape]

Unidentified: President Trump, I'm Daniel, and I'm 10. And I'm from Tennessee. What was your favorite president when you were little? [End videotape]

Brian Kilmeade: Who was your favorite president when you were little?

Donald Trump: So, I liked Ronald Reagan. I thought he was -- look, I didn't love his trade policy. I'm a very good trade -- I've made some great trade deals for us, the USMCA.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: That wasn't his strength, but he had a great dignity about him. Ronald Reagan, you could say, "There's our president," more than any other, really any of the others. Great presidents, well, Lincoln was probably a great president. Although, I've always said, "Why wasn't that settled?" You know, I'm a guy that it doesn't make sense. We had a civil war well.

Brian Kilmeade: Well. half the country left before he got there.

Donald Trump: Yeah, yeah, but you'd almost say like why wasn't that -- as an example, Ukraine would have never happened and Russia if I were president. Israel would have never happened. October 7th would have never happened. As you know, Iran was broke. They wanted to make a deal. I told anybody buys any oil from Iran, it's -- "You're finished. You know, you can't deal with the United States."

Donald Trump: Nobody was buying oil from Iran. They came -- they wanted to make a deal. Now, they have 300 billion in cash.

Brian Kilmeade: Yup.

Donald Trump: Biden has been and -- and her she's -- I don't know if she was involved in it, but she's -- she's terrible. Hey, look, remember this, she was the border czar. She never went there.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: She was the border czar. And the Border Patrol -- the one thing you have to remember, the Border Patrol gave the strongest endorsement that anybody's ever seen. "He's the best there is. There's never been -- he's the greatest president, the greatest at the border. And she's terrible." That was their policy.

Donald Trump: And these guys are great, by the way. These are great -- you know them very well from the show.

Brian Kilmeade: Oh, yeah.

Donald Trump: We got the best endorsement, and that really says it all. And I think the border is a bigger thing than inflation and the economy. You know, I watch your polling where it says the economy and inflation, No. 1, 2. And then, it says -- always says like the three, I think the border is bigger. I got elected in 2016 on the border.

Donald Trump: I did a great job. I couldn't even mention it after that because nobody cared because I did -- it was fixed. We had a great border. Then, they blew it, and I have to do it again. The difference is it's much worse this time.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: Because they're allowing millions of people into our country that shouldn't be here.

Lawrence Jones: So Mr. President, we got a fun one.

Donald Trump: But we'll fix it.

Lawrence Jones: We got a 6-years-old from Massachusetts, and he wants to know about your favorite animal. Let's watch. [Begin videotape] Mr. President. My name is Brier. I'm 6-years-old. I live on a farm in Massachusetts. What's your favorite farm animal? [End videotape]

Brian Kilmeade: Favorite farm animal.

Lawrence Jones: What's the animal?

Brian Kilmeade: Well, this guy grew up in the city?

Donald Trump: Well, you know, I'll tell you what I love. I love cows. But if we go with Kamala, you won't have any cows anymore because you're not allowed. I don't want to ruin this kid's day, but I love cows. I think they're so cute and so beautiful and so protective. But according to Kamala, who's a radical left lunatic, you will not have any cows anymore.

Donald Trump: So, we have to vote her out. If you like cows, you have to vote for me.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Steve Doocy: Mr. President, I got a question for you. Either today or tomorrow, you're going to McDonald's, you're going to be working the fryer. Are you going to wear the paper hat?

Donald Trump: I'm going to do everything. I tell you what --

Brian Kilmeade: You're going to do it?

Steve Doocy: He's going to do it.

Donald Trump: A friend of mine owns McDonald's someplace. Oh, I'm going. Because she lied.

Brian Kilmeade: You don't think she ever worked at McDonald's?

Donald Trump: I know she didn't, we checked it out, unless somebody comes up with something -- we checked it out. They said she never worked there. She even picked the store. We went to the manager. The manager's been there forever. "You remember her?" "No, she never worked here." They know. OK?

Steve Doocy: So, will you wear the paper hat?

Donald Trump: And she won't -- and you know who else stopped talking about it? The press. If I said I worked at McDonald's and it turned out not to be true, this would be --

Steve Doocy: It would be the biggest story ever.

Donald Trump: The front page of that stupid New York Times, the worst paper. It is the worst rag. The New York Times is the worst, most dishonest -- they would have me front page for months.

Brian Kilmeade: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Nobody -- I can't get anybody -- that's why I have to do it myself. That's what I'm doing.

Brian Kilmeade: So, you're going to get trained and you're going to make french fries?

Donald Trump: I am -- well, I don't know how much the training will be.

Steve Doocy: Not too much salt.

Donald Trump: Not going to be -- oh.

Steve Doocy: Just a little, about that much.

Donald Trump: I love that salt.

Ainsley Earhardt: So, I know -- I don't know how you do it. You were at the barbershop yesterday in the Bronx.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Ainsley Earhardt: You did the Al Smith dinner last night. You probably didn't get home until 1 or 2 in the morning and --

Donald Trump: You know what else I did?

Ainsley Earhardt: And then, you're here.

Brian Kilmeade: What?

Donald Trump: I got in -- OK, this was a crazy day. We did your thing. I did five other things. And then, on top of it, I came back, and I was really, really like tight because I'm the keynote speaker at Yale.

Brian Kilmeade: Yeah.

Ainsley Earhardt: Yeah.

Donald Trump: So, what happens is I said, "Let's go. I want to go." "Sir, you have an interview with Tyrus." Tyrus. He's a large guy, by the way.

Steve Doocy: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Isn't he a great guy?

Brian Kilmeade: He is a great guy.

Donald Trump: He's a very smart guy.

Brian Kilmeade: He is great.

Donald Trump: And he's been so good to me. And he said, "Listen, there's no election here. You're going to win this thing." And he's been saying that for a long time.

Brian Kilmeade: He has, yeah.

Donald Trump: Whenever they talk about -- he's funny. And Gutfeld is great. You know Gutfeld.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: He didn't like me originally.

Brian Kilmeade: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And then he said, "He gets everything done."

Brian Kilmeade: Well, I don't like Gutfeld, but you can like him.

Donald Trump: Do you not like --

Ainsley Earhardt: No, they -- he likes him, yeah.

Donald Trump: No. he's great.

Steve Doocy: They're like brothers.

Ainsley Earhardt: Yes.

Donald Trump: He had his highest rating in the history of the show.

Brian Kilmeade: Oh, yeah.

Ainsley Earhardt: Yeah, we're proud of him.

Donald Trump: But Tyrus, he has a website. And he said, "Would you do my show?" So, like two or three weeks, I agreed. So, I came home. I'm running because I'd like to at least see my speech, you know, like before I get up, before all these killers.

Steve Doocy: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And I'm running, and "Sir, Tyrus is waiting for you." "Oh, oh." And I have to put on a tuxedo. In theory, white tie, but a lot of people didn't have white tie.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: But they had tuxedo. And I'm running in. And you know what I did? Rather than saying, "Tyrus, I can't make it," I said, "Let's go, Tyrus. Let's do a quick one." So, I knocked it out. That was a busy day.

Brian Kilmeade: All right.

Ainsley Earhardt: Well, I'm --

Lawrence Jones: Are you going to be back on?

Brian Kilmeade: He's a great guy.

Donald Trump: He's great.

Brian Kilmeade: He's a great guy.

Lawrence Jones: Mr. President, you're going to be back on the campaign. Actually, you got another event to go to. So --

Ainsley Earhardt: Yeah, he's very busy, so thank you so much.

Lawrence Jones: Thank you for giving us some time.

Donald Trump: You know what event I have now?

Brian Kilmeade: No.

Donald Trump: A very big event. I'm going to see Rupert Murdoch.

Brian Kilmeade: All right.

Steve Doocy: Hey.

Donald Trump: That's a big event. I don't know if he's thrilled that I say it.

Brian Kilmeade: [inaudible]

Ainsley Earhardt: Please -- yeah, please tell him we all said thank you.

Donald Trump: And I'm going to tell him -- I'm going to tell him something very simple because I can't talk to anybody else about it.

Brian Kilmeade: Go ahead.

Donald Trump: Don't put on negative commercials for 21 days. Don't put them. And don't put on there -- they're horrible people. They come and lie. I'm going to say, "Rupert, please do it this way."

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: And then, we're going to have a victory because I think everyone wants to have a --

Brian Kilmeade: And -- and you're going to [inaudible]

Lawrence Jones: [inaudible] to talk to.

Brian Kilmeade: It's a -- it's a great channel that we have with Tyrus.

Donald Trump: Oh, good.

Steve Doocy: There you go.

Lawrence Jones: All right, Mr. President. Thank you so much for taking time.

Ainsley Earhardt: Thank you, Mr. President.

Steve Doocy: Thank you very much. Good luck.

Lawrence Jones: Appreciate you.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Lawrence.

Steve Doocy: I'm Steve Doocy.

Brian Kilmeade: I'm Brian Kilmeade.

Ainsley Earhardt: And I'm Ainsley Earhardt. And click here to subscribe to the Fox News YouTube page to catch our hottest interviews and most compelling analysis.