Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-wpxi-lisa-sylvester-pittsburgh-october-20-2024

Lisa Sylvester: The first question is we're only about a couple of weeks until Election Day, so what is your closing message to voters here in Pennsylvania?

Donald Trump: Well, the closing message is we have to save our country. Our country is in big trouble. We're really in decline, serious decline. We've had two people that don't know what they're doing. We even have the danger of World War III when you look around the world. But we're going to make America great again, very simple message.

Donald Trump: We're going to bring back businesses. We're going to cut taxes and do all the things that we've done. We had the greatest economy we ever had just four years ago. And now, we're going to have to do it again, but do it even better. If you take a look at our record and everybody says, were you better off four years ago, and the answer is absolutely yes.

Donald Trump: So, we're going to do it again and do it even better.

Lisa Sylvester: I know that tariffs is something that you have spoken about a lot. And here in Pennsylvania, manufacturing jobs are very important.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Lisa Sylvester: How soon and which industries would you focus on for raising tariffs? And is this something in the first 100 days in office?

Donald Trump: Well, many industries because we've been taken advantage of by so many different countries, even our so-called friends. They took advantage of us almost worse than the enemies if you want to know the truth. And it's time that we now get some of it back, and we will do that. And the tariffs, to me, is a very beautiful word.

Donald Trump: You know, to a lot of people, they don't have any idea what they're doing. They don't understand it. But the word tariff is beautiful. We're going to protect our company, our countries, and we're going to -- very importantly, you just take a look, we're going to protect our jobs. Exciting game now. We're going to protect our jobs because our jobs are being stolen, our money is being stolen.

Donald Trump: And we're going to protect those people and those companies. We're going to do it. The foreign nations have taken advantage of us for too long, and we can't allow them to do it any longer. You know, we owe $36 trillion, and we're going to get it back.

Lisa Sylvester: Your opponents have called this a national tax, saying that this will just be passed along to consumers.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Lisa Sylvester: What's your reaction to that?

Donald Trump: Well, it's just the opposite. The country will pay the tax. Our consumers didn't. If you look at our economy, as you know, I had virtually no inflation at all. They say inflation. We had no inflation and we had the best economy we've ever had. And that's what happens. I took out 400 billion-plus from China.

Donald Trump: They paid us a lot of money. No, they've never paid anybody anything under any other president. And we've gotten hundreds of billions of dollars from China with no inflation, whatsoever. So, we're going to do it. We're going to do it strong. We're going to have a lot of good friends still in the world, but it's time that the United States -- you know, it's a policy called America First, and we're going to have to start or we're not going to have an America.

Donald Trump: And she has no clue what she's doing. Joe Biden has no clue what he's doing. She said she'd follow the same principles that he followed. And everybody agrees we're about 86 percent on the wrong path, and that's what it is, and we're not going to let that continue.

Lisa Sylvester: Could this trigger a trade war with China and with our European allies?

Donald Trump: Just the opposite, they'll respect us. They expect it, and they'll respect us for doing it. I had that with Japan. I had to renegotiate the whole deal. It was so bad. And when I went to Prime Minister Abe, who was, unfortunately, no longer with us, he was assassinated, but he said, "I was waiting for you to come back."

Donald Trump: He expected it because it was so ridiculous. It's so one-sided. And I made a brand-new deal.

Lisa Sylvester: Fracking is also very important here in Pennsylvania. If you are elected, will you pull the US out of the Paris accord on climate change once again?

Donald Trump: Well, we're going to do it again because it's a rip-off. We pay $1 trillion. Other countries pay nothing. China pays nothing, India pays nothing, Russia pays nothing, and we pay $1 trillion at least. And we'll take them out so fast your head would spin. It's a ridiculous one-sided deal. All they did with the Paris accord is take advantage environmentally of the United States, and we're not going to stand for it.

Donald Trump: So, I pulled them out. I'm going to pull them out again.

Lisa Sylvester: Another issue that has come up, and I know that you've been asked about this, is abortion. There is currently a Florida law that bans abortion after six weeks --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Lisa Sylvester: And there is a ballot measure that would reverse that. Where do you stand on the issue?

Donald Trump: Well, I think it's got to be longer than six weeks, personally. And as you know, I've done a great job on this for the people. They wanted to get it back in the states. They wanted a vote of the people. All Democrats wanted it, all Republicans wanted it, everybody. And I'm a believer in the exceptions, that's life of the mother, rape, and incest, and I believe strongly in that, as Ronald Reagan and others have and most of the party does.

Donald Trump: But no, I think it's got to be longer than six weeks.

Lisa Sylvester: Pennsylvania, here in Pittsburgh, we are coming up on six years since the Tree of Life synagogue shooting. Eleven people lost their lives.

Donald Trump: Yeah. I was there. I was there. I went there right afterwards. Yeah.

Lisa Sylvester: You did.

Donald Trump: Terrible.

Lisa Sylvester: And you -- you visited some of the police officers --

Donald Trump: I did.

Lisa Sylvester: In the hospital.

Donald Trump: I did, yeah.

Lisa Sylvester: Right now, we are seeing a rise in antisemitism. We are also seeing vigils and rallies for people who have lost their lives in Gaza. How do you see the path moving forward in Gaza, resolving that conflict?

Donald Trump: Success is going to move us forward. Nobody ever thought we'd see what's going on right now. I mean, the attack of October 7th would have never happened if I were president. Ukraine would have never happened with Russia. That would have never happened. We wouldn't have had the Afghanistan disaster, the most embarrassing moment probably in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: I think it was the most embarrassing. When Putin saw that, he, all of a sudden, decided that we were a paper tiger. He's going to go in and he's going to -- you know, he's going to take care of Ukraine. And you see how that's working out. Not good. And we'll get that solved. But we would have never had the Ukraine-Russia deal.

Donald Trump: We would have never had -- you take a look at October 7th. It wouldn't have happened. Afghanistan, the way they pulled out, not the pullout, the way they pulled out would have never happened ever. We would have gotten out from strength and from dignity. What -- what happened to us there is just horrible.

Donald Trump: And of course, we lost 13 soldiers, many horribly wounded, the legs, the arms, the whole thing. And we gave them billions of dollars worth of the best military equipment in the world. I mean, you can't get worse than that. And we left Americans behind, too, which people have to remember. Look, Joe Biden is the worst president in the history of the United States, and she's the worst vice president.

Donald Trump: And we're not going to let her destroy our country because our country is being destroyed with these people. They don't know what they're doing.

Lisa Sylvester: I have to ask the question. With all due respect, sir, if you were to lose the election, is there a scenario where you would accept the results of the election?

Donald Trump: Of course, I'll accept them immediately if it's a fair election, but you want to make sure it's a fair election. You always have to have the option of challenging something. On the assumption that it's a fair election, absolutely. Now, the good news is that we're way up now in the polls. You see it. In fact, I guess it was ABC who said we're way up.

Donald Trump: They just came out a little while ago, just before you, actually, and they said we have a very substantial lead, and I think we should have because we're going to make America great again and she's going to destroy America. You'll end up in a 1929-style depression with her.

Lisa Sylvester: Last question, sir. If you are elected president, you would be the president for all Americans, and that is Democrats and Republicans, conservatives and liberals. Right now, there is a huge divide in this country. How do you bridge that gap?

Donald Trump: Well, I think there has been a divide because it started with President Obama. There was a tremendous divide. And if you look at what's happened with Biden, I mean, it's been -- it's been terrible. And she's a big part of that. And I think, right now, what -- what is going to bring us together -- and I said it before, and it was working because I had the most successful economy in the history of our country, and it was -- it was really coming together.

Donald Trump: What's going to bring us together is success. It's going to bring everybody together. Prior to COVID coming in, we had a unified country. It was amazing. Liberal, conservative, everybody was -- we were unified. Success will bring us together, and we're going to have tremendous success.

Lisa Sylvester: All right. Thank you very much, sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Good job.

Lisa Sylvester: Thank you for your time.

Donald Trump: Good job.

Lisa Sylvester: Thank you.