Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-jack-heath-new-hampshire-pulse-september-4-2024

Jack Heath: We're joined now by former president of the United States, Republican nominee, who's doing interviews. He's done press conferences. Back on Good Morning New Hampshire, The Pulse of NH, Donald Trump. Sir, thanks for being with us.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much, Jack. It's an honor. She won't do an interview. If she does, you have a major story. You have a scoop.

Jack Heath: Well, and the other thing is, too, how about a roadmap to New Hampshire. Biden and Harris seem to blow off New Hampshire for a good couple of years --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Jack Heath: Didn't even -- didn't even respect the primary. You ran in the primary here.

Donald Trump: I did. And not only that, I kept it there, I was the one. It was my -- I could have gone with them. I could have done it exactly the way they did it. And I said to the people, the people of New Hampshire, you're going to be first. So, you had Iowa, this is a long-term tradition, Iowa and New Hampshire.

Donald Trump: And you're equal firsts, you know, essentially. A little bit different, right? But you're the first primary. And I said that's the way I'm going to keep it and I never budged. And when they did that, I couldn't believe it because it was so disrespectful to New Hampshire. You're -- you know, you're out of it now as far as the Democrats are concerned.

Donald Trump: And I said, "I hope they're going to remember that come Election Day." And we've got a close one up there. I don't even know why it's close. She's a -- she's a Marxist. She'll destroy our country. She destroyed San Francisco, totally took the best city probably in the country and made it unlivable. It's not even livable anymore.

Donald Trump: It's not even functioning. And it just did that with her horrible policies. And she destroyed California as the attorney general. Look at California, everyone's leaving.

Jack Heath: I want to ask you this former President Donald Trump. Harris said in that CNN pre-taped interview, she's not against fracking. Do you take her at her word?

Donald Trump: Oh, well, she was against it her whole life. She doesn't even really know what fracking is. You know, if you asked her to define fracking, she doesn't even know what it is. But she was against it for her whole career until about a few weeks ago. Then, she decided she -- this is not a very good thing to run on in Pennsylvania especially.

Donald Trump: And she -- she's against it, and she won't have it. And if she wins, our country will never be able to come back. It'll be a disaster. She'll have -- you'll have over a hundred -- you know, right now, they've allowed more than 20 million to come in over the last three and a half years, 20 million, many from prisons and jails from mental institutions and insane asylums.

Donald Trump: Many terrorists have come into our country. And by the way, I made a prediction a couple of years ago, you see what's going on in Aurora and Chicago? The terrorists are taking over the city. These aren't just the Venezuelans, the criminals that they let in. You know Venezuela is shipping all of their criminals into the United States, and we accept them because we have a wide open border.

Donald Trump: And we have the strongest border in history three and a half years ago. Now, we have the worst, the worst border. But they're taking over beyond what anyone -- what anyone ever thought. They're literally going in there with AK-47s. They're going in there with heavy machinery, meaning heavy guns, the heaviest, and taking over large sections of cities.

Donald Trump: It's not even -- it's not even believable. And it was so obvious that that was going to happen.

Jack Heath: Harris -- Kamala Harris said in that interview again on CNN, the pre-taped, the only one we've really had, that she's changed her values. I mean, she hasn't changed her values. She's changed her position. She's changed her position on a few issues, but not her values. What do you, Donald Trump, think her values are when it comes to the economy and crime?

Donald Trump: She's a Marxist. You know her values -- just take a look at Minnesota, Minneapolis, take a look at what she did there. She got killers and bad people, people that tried to burn down the federal courthouse, people that did tremendous damage. They destroyed Minneapolis. And it still hasn't even started coming back, he's a horrible governor and hasn't even started coming back.

Donald Trump: But she destroyed -- and then she got them out of prison. She raised bail money to get everybody out of jail. I haven't seen her doing that with J6. That, I can tell you.

Jack Heath: Recently, Mr. President, the Department of Labor comes out and says they've overestimated job growth for the past year or so by 818,000 jobs.

Donald Trump: Right.

Jack Heath: How does that happen? And do you think -- I think it might have timed coincidentally to go into the Democratic National Convention. Do you -- how does that happen? And do you think there was something -- do you think that was somehow, you know, to benefit the current administration when it comes to the economy to make it look like jobs and the economy was better than it was?

Donald Trump: It was a fraud, pure and simple. They thought it would -- it would be holding or they'd hold it through the election. They wanted to announce it after, you know, do what they call a correction after the election. And they had either a whistleblower or a leaker. But in this case, did everybody a great favor.

Donald Trump: It totally changed their job numbers. It was a total fraud. You know, you can have a 10,000 revision. You can have a revision of 20,000. You can't have a revision of 818,000 people, almost a million people. It was a total fraud on the public. And they thought it would take -- they thought -- they were hoping that this would be announced after the election was over. But it came out before. So, we warned you.

Jack Heath: Were you surprised -- I want to ask you this sort of more on the personal side. Were you surprised Joe Biden dropped out of this race? And do you think it was his decision to do so?

Donald Trump: So, he had a poor debate. I had a good debate, either way you want to say it. I mean, I got a lot of credit for it. But let's call it, he had a poor debate. He was not good. And I hope she's not going to be good, too, because I think he's actually smarter than she is. And I actually think he has a little bit of a base.

Donald Trump: You know, he's been doing it for a long time, and she doesn't have a base. Nobody knows who she is. And when they learn she's a communist, Marxist, fascist, whatever it may be, that's what she is, I think it's going to be very interesting. And her numbers have already started going down. But I think that they went into him and they said -- I heard he was 18 or 19 points down after the debate by their poll.

Donald Trump: And they went in to see him. And they said, "You can't win, you're getting out." And he fought him for two or three days, and eventually they forced him out. Yeah, they threatened the 25th Amendment, I guess, is what I heard.

Jack Heath: Let me ask you this, former President Donald Trump, Republican nominee, Good Morning, New Hampshire, The Pulse of NH, the debate, coming up less than a week. Sixty-two days from today, November 5th. But the debate next week you -- the -- even ABC news that's hosting the debate called that debate between you and Joe Biden in Atlanta disastrous right afterwards the next morning.

Jack Heath: And we know what happened after. This debate, how do your -- how does your preparation or does it differ at all debating Harris versus going in if it was Joe Biden again?

Donald Trump: You know what I say about debates, I -- and I think this is true with a lot of people, but they don't say it, I've been preparing all my life for this debate. You can't sit in a log cabin like Mitt Romney did. Do you remember, he sat there for four weeks in a log cabin? Didn't talk to anybody, then he came out, he couldn't speak.

Donald Trump: You can't do that. You have to know your subject. You're living with your subject. I live with my subject. I live with all of these -- these horrible problems that they've caused because we've got to straighten them out. We're going to make America great again. So, you know, I do -- I have meetings on it, we talk about it, but there's not a lot you can do.

Donald Trump: You either know your subject or not. You either have good policy or not. She's changed every policy. That's why she doesn't want a debate because she doesn't know what she's talking about. She's changed every policy. She -- I think there are 14 changes. She made 14 -- you know, the person makes -- makes one policy change, it's big.

Jack Heath: Yeah.

Donald Trump: She's made 14. And it's a disgrace that it's allowed to happen. First of all, she came in last in the primary. She was the first one that quit. And that was the primary against Joe Biden and the group.

Jack Heath: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And I guess they had like 22 people. She was the first one out. She came in, and she actually came in a little strong. She came in at the higher level. And she started rapidly -- as soon as people got to know her, rapidly disappearing. And at the end, she never made it to Iowa, she quit before Iowa. And she got no votes, zero.

Jack Heath: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And she's now the party standard bearer which is ridiculous.

Jack Heath: I want to ask you that note. The afternoon on Sunday that it came out that Biden had dropped out of the race, fit to be president, but not the nominee, we have a boat in Portsmouth and I was down at the marina coming in from fishing and -- with some friends, a couple of them were Democrats. You might be surprised, not kidding.

Donald Trump: Right.

Jack Heath: And, you know, what they said -- you know what they said, Mr. President? They said, "Jack, is it going to go to Harris?" I said, "It has to -- they can't. It's going to go to Harris."

Donald Trump: Right.

Jack Heath: You know, you watch and watch the next few weeks. And then, they said, "She's worse than him."

Donald Trump: That's right.

Jack Heath: And they were Democrats, she's a less popular joke on social media. Why have Democrats so -- in New Hampshire where she's coming today and -- why have some in their own base coalesce so, you know, strongly around her? What's different about Harris today than the VP they did not really care for or support?

Donald Trump: They didn't want her, but they were politically correct. They wanted to be politically correct as so many people do nowadays. And they chose somebody that they didn't want. And once that happened, the fake news media and all the others gathered around her. But now, they're really disgusted by her. She doesn't do interviews.

Donald Trump: She did the one interview, it was a disaster. She can't do an interview. She's either not smart enough, and I think that's actually the case. But she's either not smart enough to do -- something's wrong. There's something wrong. But we can't go another four years with a dumb president. We can't do it.

Donald Trump: We had four years with the president that should never have been there. And we can't have it. We're not going to have a country left. Not going to happen.

Jack Heath: I -- I want to ask you one final question because I know time is tight and thank you for joining us and being gracious and actually doing an interview and answering questions about things like the economy. What happened in Butler, Pennsylvania, it's hard to comprehend. It seems like a long time ago, but it wasn't.

Jack Heath: And I'm just wondering now that some time has passed and you're out there big events, rallies, how has that impacted you personally? Or has it? And just -- it's hard to comprehend, you know, a near assassination attempt. I'm just curious on the personal side, maybe people don't ask you, how that impacted you to this day.

Donald Trump: I actually think closer to God. There was almost no chance that from that distance, somebody would have missed, and he was actually known as a good shot. My sons, who are very big shooters, said they can't believe it. I mean it's -- that's brought them closer to God, too. It's -- it really was amazing.

Donald Trump: Had I not made that little turn, about 90-degree turn, had I not made that -- you see it on television, you see it every day. They play it over and over and over. But had I not made that turn to the right. And there was just a great immigration chart, that's what I was turning for, which I generally don't use.

Donald Trump: And when I do use it, about 20 percent of the speeches, I use it, it's always on my left, and it's always at the end of the speech. This one was at the beginning exactly when the bullet took off. And it was like an eighth of a second was the only window I had. And so, it was an amazing -- sort of like a deer bolting. They gave that analogy.

Jack Heath: Yeah.

Donald Trump: it was me bolting. But so it was a miracle, actually, that I'm even talking to you right now. And you know what I like to hear, and some people have said it, some friends of yours have said it, was that this was done by God because he wants our country to be saved

Jack Heath: And on that --

Donald Trump: And I hope that's true. I hope that's true.

Jack Heath: And on that note -- on that note, do you think in the end this is going to come down to the electoral college to a few key states? What are those? And if it was Biden, people already thought you had it won after the Republican National Convention in that debate. Now, it's Harris. Do you believe it's going to be close?

Jack Heath: Are you going to be the next president? Where do you see the final few states where it's going to matter?

Donald Trump: Well, first of all, how unfair is that? Because I'm campaigning -- I spent $ 100 million on fighting Biden, everything's Biden. We didn't even know she existed, and everything's Biden. And I end up winning the debate and winning the whole thing. And it's sort of like a prizefighter. He's in -- he's losing badly and they take him out and put a new fighter in, right? You know, in the middle of the round.

Donald Trump: No, it's a very unfair thing, but I don't complain about it from that standpoint. So, they put somebody else in who people don't know. She's had her honeymoon period. People are learning who she is, and now we're leading in the polls. But I hope that the people of New Hampshire realize that what they did to New Hampshire was -- was horrible.

Donald Trump: For years, how many years is it? I mean, just for decades and decades, New Hampshire was in that place in the primaries --

Jack Heath: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And they totally disrespected New Hampshire and threw them aside. I actually said -- when they do it, I said, "Well, that means you can't win New Hampshire." I just hope the people of New Hampshire realize what Biden and the Democrats did, and her. She was a part of that decision. They threw New Hampshire away.

Donald Trump: And I don't think they should get away with it from the standpoint of New Hampshire. And I did -- I did the exact opposite. You know that. Because I could have gone with them, it would have made things a little bit easier, actually --

Jack Heath: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Because you would have had them both in the same place, same time, etc., you know, like it generally is. And I didn't do that. I said, "Nope, we're not doing that to New Hampshire. I'm not going to happen." And -- but the way they treated New Hampshire, I can't imagine that he can win New Hampshire. I just hope the people are going to remember.

Jack Heath: Are we going to see you between now and November 5th back in New Hampshire?

Donald Trump: Oh, yeah, I'll be there. That's a very important place to me. And it's -- I think it's a very important -- it's a very important place in terms of winning this election. It could come down to New Hampshire. I'll be there. I just hope -- let them know, I just hope they remember. They were treated so badly by the Democrats, but by Biden.

Donald Trump: And they were treated so badly by, you know, that combination of two people. I just hope they remember it because it would be terrible if they won New Hampshire. I think New Hampshire is going to play a big role. I have a feeling.

Jack Heath: Donald Trump. Thanks for joining us live at Good Morning New Hampshire, The Pulse of NH. Thank you very much, sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Talk to you soon. Thanks.