Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-howie-carr-show-podcast-september-4-2024

John Solomon: Donald J. Trump, Mr. President, welcome to the show.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much, John, great honor. With you, it's always a great honor. I will say.

John Solomon: I was thinking of you last night. I thought when this Joe Biden announcement came out about the documents, I'm thinking, you know President Trump probably has something to say about this. Your reaction, after all the president said about you, after all the President Biden said about you, for him to have classified documents in his office.

John Solomon: Your thoughts?

Donald Trump: Well, you know, as vice president, he doesn't have the right to declassify. They shouldn't have been there and for that long, I guess it was seven years or nine years. Now, I'm hearing very extended periods of time. It was also big stuff, a lot of it having to do with Ukraine and as you know, his son got paid hundreds of thousands of dollars a month from Ukraine.

Donald Trump: And I think they got a $3 million upfront payment to sit on the board of a company that was a very problematic company, a very -- a company that had a lot of problems. But, uh, it was shocking actually to see, actually shocking.

John Solomon: It was, and I want to ask you about this. They find out about this on November 2nd -- if you believe their timeline -- that's before the election. Then on November 18th, they name a special prosecutor against you. They never mentioned this. It only comes out now. Any concern about the delay in disclosing this to the American public?

Donald Trump: Well, I think they knew, long before November 2nd. I think he knew, probably, right from the beginning. And I think a lot of it had to do with, uh, Ukraine because that was the papers he kept. And no, I think they knew about this for a long time and they didn't do anything about it. Now there is a big difference, I mean a lot of differences, first of all.

Donald Trump: But there is a big -- we were having very good conversations with NARA. All of a sudden, they just come in and raid, they raid Mar-a-Lago, but we were having -- they didn't have to do that because we would have given it over. We were having very, very productive conversations, no problem, and then they do the big grandstand.

Donald Trump: But very importantly, is I come under the Presidential Records Act, meaning the president comes under the Presidential Records Act. The vice president comes under the Federal Records Act. The Federal Records Act is brutal. The Presidential Records Act -- and this is because of, you know, years and years of litigation.

Donald Trump: When people leave office, what they take, what they don't take and, you know, they've actually paid -- remember, they paid, I think $18 million to Richard Nixon to get his -- the things that he took from office. So this is after years of litigation. But interestingly, the Federal Records Act, the vice president comes under and it's brutally, it's criminal.

Donald Trump: The -- the -- it's a criminal act, whereas the Presidential Records Act is not criminal. In fact, it says you talk and you work it out and if you don't work it out, you keep talking. I mean, you know, it's sort of a very calm thing. They shouldn't even be -- they shouldn't be looking at me under the Presidential Records Act. It's a disgrace.

Donald Trump: But under the Federal Records Act, which is the vice President, it's a very, uh, it's a very high standard and it is very, very tough. It's a different world.

John Solomon: Yeah, it is, and you of, course, have been facing this situation with the special prosecutor. How does this change the equation with what you've been doing with the Justice Department to get this matter resolved?

Donald Trump: Well, I think it totally changes it. I mean, he's -- again, he's under this federal act that's very tough and I'm under -- I -- I was perfect under the Presidential Records Act. We were negotiating with NARA. Now, you know, NARA is a far left group of people. I don't know if you know or if you've ever heard they've red flagged, essentially red flagged the Constitution of the United States and the Bill of rights.

Donald Trump: They said it's a dangerous document. I mean, this is what we're dealing with. These are people that uh, you know, look, they have some real difficulties, okay? But this is a very left wing group of people in NARA, and I think that's got to be corrected.

John Solomon: Yeah, there's a lot of debate about that. It's such an important thing.

Donald Trump: But I did nothing wrong. I mean, just to finish this off, I did absolutely nothing wrong. And we were talking to them and we gave them a tremendous amount of stuff. Now, Biden only gave it, he had it for nine years. I mean, now I'm hearing, first, I heard it was a couple of years then I heard then, ultimately, I just heard a little while ago they had it for it could be nine years.

Donald Trump: And now you have to say, well, what about all of these places that he's got? He's got a tremendous trove of things at the University of Delaware, I understand. He's got another one at Penn. He's got a big trove up at Penn. Then what about his house? And what about Biden's -- hat about Hunter's house? And you know, who's going to go in there like they did with me? Who's going to do that?

Donald Trump: No, I think -- and I think we've had tremendous support from the Republicans who think it's totally unfair. It's a very unfair situation and conservatives and Republicans have gone through this for years, but I'm the record setter. There's no question about it.

John Solomon: That's for sure; here's no doubt. Sir, you fought China, hand in tooth, when you were president. Joe Biden seems to have, and his family have this incredible relationship with China. They're going on Air Force One. They're making deals. There's 10 percent for the big guy, Tony Bobulinski. This university that housed -- the think-tank where Joe Biden's documents were found, got a lot of funding from China, University of Pennsylvania, big recipient of China funding.

John Solomon: The Biden Penn center is housed there. Concern about why there's so much China money always flowing around the Bidens?

Donald Trump: Well, that's one of the really big things, I think with the documents, frankly, is that you have China that gave $54 million, I understand; that's the number I hear. And they paid him almost $1 million a year. They kept it slightly under a million. It's like 9.98 or something, so that this way, they can say probably if somebody ever gets wise to it, gee, we didn't pay him a million.

Donald Trump: You know, it sounds a lot like if you pay 998,000, it sounds like a lot less. The fact is that China was paying, through Penn, which, you know, I went to school at Penn. I went to the Wharton School of Finance. I was -- I love Penn, but they were paying, uh, all of this money to Joe Biden and they have the Biden Center there.

Donald Trump: And I would imagine, you know, they're paying all this money, I would imagine they had absolute entree into those documents and they saw those documents, and those were major places. Now that's only what's come out so far, but I'd be willing to bet he has many more documents than that. And then if you look at these other places that he's storing documents, I mean, I would think he'd have a treasure trove of documents.

Donald Trump: It's very, very sad, but China paid $54 million and I guess out of that, they paid $1 million a year to Biden. Think of that. I mean, isn't that an incredible situation? Is it even believable?

John Solomon: Yeah, well, his son a forgivable loan from China, so we know they had no problem taking money from China. Let me pivot to something that you're getting a lot of credit for. Kevin McCarthy, Scott Perry, so many members of Congress, saying you played a very important role last week in getting Republicans unified to get not only Kevin McCarthy to be the speaker, but to get rules that change the way the swamp in Washington operates.

John Solomon: Can you tell us, in your own words, what you think you did and what happened in the last week to the Republican Party?

Donald Trump: Well, I've gotten along with Kevin over the years, and I think that he really saw a lot, and I think he's learned a lot over the last year. And he's -- I think he sees the kind of corrupt stuff. He watches Unselect Committee, the January 6th, I call it the Unselect Committee. I never got credit for that name, but that's okay.

Donald Trump: But it is an Unselect Committee, it's a bunch of hacks and horrible people on that and it's a one sided deal and it's, you know, very unfair. And I think he watched that and I think he really was repulsed by it very much. You know, he decided and -- and I understood what he was doing, but it really wasn't -- it really didn't quite work out.

Donald Trump: He didn't want to put anybody on because he thought it was so disgraceful when they wouldn't take Jim Banks and Jim Jordan. He said, then we won't put anybody. I fully understood that. But nobody knew that this thing was going to last forever. And forever, all of the 12 people, whatever it was, they were all anti-Trumpers and, you know, just screaming about Trump all day long.

Donald Trump: But you know, it was -- I think he learned, I think he saw that and I think he thought it was really horrible and really unfair to the country and to the Republican Party. What -- what happened is there was really nobody else that was going to get the left within the Republican Party and the right within the Republican Party.

Donald Trump: You know, that's not a very big hole to go through. And so what's happened, what happened is I was very -- I was friendly with both sides. Many of these people, most of them I endorsed, I liked them, they liked me. And when it came down to crunch time, you know, you had 20 people that were pretty hard line.

Donald Trump: And they happened to be very good friends of mine, almost all of them, I would say all of them. And, uh, I would make them calls. I mean, because I didn't like what was happening, John. It was starting to look a little bit chaotic. It was starting to look a little bit, not good. And what happened is I started calling them, and I started getting people to agree with me and coming on board.

Donald Trump: And as you know, Matt Gaetz is a very good guy and he's, you know, he's a strong guy, and I called him in the end. I mean, it was just about over where they were going to leave. And I think that if they left, think of it, if they left and you had two and a half, three days in between, I don't know that anything would have ever -- you might have ended up with a Democrat, to be honest with you.

Donald Trump: I don't know that this thing ever would have gotten done. Your moderates would have left, other people. It would have been a disaster. And that's when Matt ran up to the front of the room, and he said I'm changing my vote -- I'm changing my vote. And he's a great guy and -- and, uh, they're all really great.

Donald Trump: I think, you know, they're very committed. And don't forget, you know, they signed a document, this document is a very strong document. The speaker of the House is now, I think, going to be, actually, in a certain way, in a stronger position for those of us that love our country. I think Kevin's going to do a good job, but I really believe that that three days, it looked messy.

Donald Trump: But in the end, it's sort of funny how it turns out. Sometimes, you know, the best things happen through the -- through the war. And in the end, I think we're going to end up with a more unified party. Now we have some great heads of committees. We have some great people on the committees, and these are people that you know very well, John, and that you deal with.

Donald Trump: These people don't mess around. These are tough people, and their voice wasn't heard for a long time, you know. The big problem the Republican Party has is Mitch McConnell. How he approved that $1.7 trillion is shocking because if he would have waited ten days, the House would have either killed it or made it much better.

Donald Trump: How he went and just approved that, he's a real problem for the party because he does anything the Democrats want. And he's got his 10 or 12 people that you have to get and they just follow his lead because he gives them a lot of campaign contributions. You know, he's -- his leadership ability is only in that he raises money and then he gives them a lot of money to campaign.

Donald Trump: But it's -- Mitch McConnell is a real problem for our country, frankly, and for the Republican Party. And his wife, as you know, is wedded to China, I call her Coco Chow. She's wedded to China. And it's such a conflict that this guy is -- is the head of the Senate, is -- is just a -- a -- an embarrassment to Republicans.

Donald Trump: It shouldn't be, and it's been like that for a long time. And he keeps his power because of -- he spends time raising money and then he hands out 20 million, 15 million, 10 million and then he actually spends 12 million to beat a good candidate in Alaska so that he can get his -- his voter in there, you know, and Murkowski is one of the worst Senators we have.

John Solomon: It was a head scratching moment. You've modernized the Reagan fiscal discipline thing. You cut taxes, you grew the economy, then you cut regulations and got all those regulations down. In your second term, you had a plan to shrink government. Republicans in the House could probably benefit from that plan.

John Solomon: How important is it to keep cutting the deep state and getting this government down to a more manageable size?

Donald Trump: Well, I was doing it and then we got hit with COVID, and we had to help the people with COVID. You know, if we would have done that this country would have, I don't think it would have existed. You know, it was -- we did a great job with COVID. I've always felt that, you know, people give me a lot of credit on foreign policy, on the economy and things, but they -- they don't like doing it on COVID. I think I did among the best jobs on COVID because, all of a sudden, something came in that nobody had any idea what it was.

Donald Trump: But we knew it was killing a lot of people. And you know, I closed it to China when a lot of people didn't want me to do that, almost nobody wanted that was -- that saved a lot of lives. But you know, the COVID thing, obviously, we had to go guns a blazing with, uh, with the money and we had no choice; otherwise, you know, we had to help people.

Donald Trump: They wouldn't have been able -- they lost their jobs, they were losing their jobs, left and right. This was a shocking event. And uh, we came up with things that nobody -- you know, our, uh, if you look at like Regeneron, you know, the therapeutic stuff that we did and all of the -- the, uh, ventilators that we got.

Donald Trump: We did such a -- we were making them for the world, for the whole world. But we did a great job and, uh, but you know, you had to do -- you would have seen if -- if we didn't get hit with COVID, we had an economy, the day before COVID came in, the likes of which no country ever in the world has ever seen.

Donald Trump: Everybody was working. African Americans, I always say Asian Americans, Hispanic Americans, women, men, no high school diploma, MIT diplomas and doctorates. Everybody was doing great, and the country was coming together. Then we got hit with COVID. And then, by the time I left, the stock market was actually higher because the market, you know, went down so drastically.

Donald Trump: The market was higher than it was the day before COVID, and we did a great job. We handed over something that was great. And by the way, I read a report yesterday that we have more COVID, right now, with COVID is all over the place. What happened to Biden with COVID? I mean, we have massive numbers of COVID, right now.

John Solomon: We do. It is -- it's spreading like wildfire.

Donald Trump: So it's pretty crazy, pretty crazy.

John Solomon: I know how important free speech and liberty is to you. We've seen all these revelations about the FBI, the Homeland Security Department, the Biden White House, squeezing social media to censor people. You go out and create a new platform called Truth Social. It's now having record traffic, this week. What you've seen with the federal agencies and the solution you put in place, I'd love to get your reaction to both of those.

Donald Trump: Well, one of the things that was so shocking to me was when we saw the revelation of, you know, see the FBI and you always want to love the FBI and all of, you know, what it stands for the image of what it stands for. And then you see where the FBI was actually rigging the election, where they were suppressing bad news on Biden.

Donald Trump: And they say, push the good news on Biden and the exact opposite on me. And they were, you know, they -- I don't know if you saw, they said it made the pollsters, John McLaughlin and some others, real good ones, they said 17 point difference. I don't need -- I didn't need 17 points. I didn't need anything.

Donald Trump: I didn't even need that. They didn't even do it because the election was a rigged election. But I will tell you that when I saw the FBI's involvement in free speech, uh, and anything you want to call it. The other thing, and you know, pertains to it totally is the fact that the media is just so corrupt. If you have a story that's positive about Trump, they just won't write it. And if you have a story that's positive about Biden or some Democrat or whatever that side of the equation, they make it, you know, front page news.

Donald Trump: Even today, I noticed -- it's not a front page, it's very small story in the New York Times. Now think of that, this is the biggest thing. All the documents we're talking about, he gets caught with highly classified at the highest level. You know, the marking was the highest level. He gets caught and they have a little story in the times.

Donald Trump: It's got a small story in the Wall Street Journal, uh, it's got, you know, a small story in the Washington Post. If that were me, it would be the whole front page. It is such -- the media is so corrupt and, you know, I think if I've done one thing and I'm very proud of it, we've -- we've done so much. But one thing that I'm very proud of that I think people don't talk about, I think I've exposed it all.

Donald Trump: I don't think it would ever have been exposed, if anybody else were in the position. I think I've exposed it all, and now you can go get it because they have really exposed themselves as being corrupt. Even the Pulitzer Prize, if you look at that, I mean, to get to get the Pulitzer Prize for Russia, Russia, Russia reporting.

Donald Trump: And you know, the prize reads to the effect, "on your great and brilliant reporting on Russia." Well, they got it wrong. It was the exact opposite. You should get the Pulitzer Prize. Sean Hannity should start writing a little bit and get the Pulitzer Prize, okay. I mean, you guys and Sarah, uh, there was a group of people that got it right, right from the beginning.

Donald Trump: And -- and you know, I'm suing Pulitzer now because I'm saying you got to take the Pulitzer Prize away. The times and The Washington Post have admitted that they were wrong. So, how do you get a Pulitzer Prize when you're writing all this stuff about Trump, and it turned out that had nothing to do. And then the report came out yesterday that, by the way, the influence of Russia over the election was -- was tiny.

Donald Trump: It was nothing -- it was nothing, it was a -- it was all a big hoax. It was a scam, it's a witch hunt and it continues to this day. But I think that this new revelation on Biden with the highly classified documents is, that's a tough thing for them. I don't know how they handle that one.

John Solomon: Yeah, it's a big one, you happy with Truth. It's growing millions of people. I see lots of traffic coming to just the news, every day from it. You've created a place where people can just say what they believe.

Donald Trump: I think it's great. You know, I'm back on Twitter, but I haven't used it because Truth is so good, and Truth gets put into Twitter, it gets put into everything. It's, uh, it's just taken off and people love it and it's got real stuff and it doesn't have the bots and the dots and all of the different things, the fake accounts as they call them, millions and millions of fake accounts.

Donald Trump: And we have a tremendous following and it's -- it's really been -- it's an incredible, incredible thing. Now even Truth, you know the -- although the Times did make a mistake two weeks ago, they wrote a story about how powerful Truth is. But they always like to say financial. It's, you know, we have financing out, the SEC goes after the people that want to do the financing.

Donald Trump: These poor people, they come in, they want to do financing, they end up under investigation because they can -- they can finance anything else in the world, no problem. They want to finance something that's with Trump, and they end up under investigation. I said lots of luck, but I wouldn't mind if I -- if something ever happened, I'd keep it private.

Donald Trump: I have a lot of money and I'd keep it private, but we're really proud of Truth. I think Truth is fantastic.

John Solomon: In a moment of free speech need, it filled a void very bigly, it's really an incredible thing. Mr. President, I know how busy you are. I want to thank you so much for spending time with us, bringing us up to speed on all these important issues.

Donald Trump: Well, congratulations. You are a professional, you really are. You're one of the true greats and I think, someday, they'll appreciate it. I hope it's going to be soon but at some point, they're going to appreciate it, John. You're a real -- a real pro.

John Solomon: Those are kind words, so I really appreciate that and thank you so much for spending the time, today. It's a great honor for us.

Donald Trump: Thank you, John. I'll speak to you again, soon.

John Solomon: All right, sir. Thank you.