Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-lawrence-jones-fox-news-bronx-new-york-may-23-2024

Lawrence Jones: Mr. President, you're pulling something off here. I've been begging Republicans, come to the Black community.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Lawrence Jones: Come to the Hispanic community. More people that were here today look more like me than you. Why did you come here today?

Donald Trump: Well, because I've done very well with the vote. I love the people. They're incredible, they're energetic, they're entrepreneurial, and they're going to save New York. And we're going to win New York. And if we win New York, the election is over. We take over the country, and we take over the country --

Lawrence Jones: You think you're going to win?

Donald Trump: I think we have a chance to win New York. It hasn't been done in, you know, many, many decades as a Republican. I think we have a very good chance. When you see the crowd nobody's ever seen.

Lawrence Jones: Why do they like you better than any other Republican in modern time?

Donald Trump: Well, you have to ask the other Republicans.

Lawrence Jones: I mean, I'm just saying, you see Black support going up with you, Hispanic --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Lawrence Jones: Young people. Like I said, the people --

Donald Trump: Well --

Lawrence Jones: Look more like me than you. And they say you're different. Why?

Donald Trump: Because I did things in office that nobody else has done. Criminal justice reform, I did criminal justice reform at a level that nobody thought was possible to get, and I did that largely for the Black and Hispanic community. They're the ones that wanted it. Opportunity Zones with Tim Scott, and he was so much in favor of it. And it's probably maybe the best economic development package ever for African Americans, for Hispanic Americans, Asian Americans.

Donald Trump: We did a lot of things that people couldn't believe we were able to get done.

Lawrence Jones: Nikki Haley said today that she's going to vote for you. It looks like the Republican Party is coming together.

Donald Trump: Yeah, I think it is coming together. I think it's come together for a long time. You have to understand, we did the nomination process the fastest in history. You know, if somebody else were running, they'd still be running for another month in order to get the nomination. We did it two months ago. The party is together.

Donald Trump: I appreciate what she said. The party is together, and I think we're going to have a tremendous victory.

Lawrence Jones: We saw it early in the diner.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Lawrence Jones: I would go to the diner --

Donald Trump: That's right. You were very funny.

Lawrence Jones: And they said they wanted -- they wanted Trump --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Lawrence Jones: Because of the Trump economy, the border being secured. Is this going to be a record election? You say that there has to be undisputed win at this time.

Donald Trump: Well, I won't forget you at the diner because when somebody else would blurt out, "Well, Nikki's doing well or Ron's doing well, or somebody," and you'd say, "That's not what I'm seeing out here." And then you'd go, "And it was all Trump."