Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-adin-ross-kick-livestream-platform-august-5-2024

Adin Ross: All right, everybody. So, listen, we did it. We're finally -- as you guys can see, it's the real deal. You guys thought it was another impersonation. Mr. President is about to walk out. And while he's about to walk out, we're doing some cool -- some cool walk out. We're about a -- we're about to actually just do it right now.

Adin Ross: Let's just do it right now. Come on. All right. Have a seat, sir. Let's get you all set up here. So, you're probably like what the heck is going on here, huh?

Donald Trump: What's going on here? What's going on?

Adin Ross: Well, today is going to be the most important stream I've ever done, first of all.

Donald Trump: Well, that's great.

Adin Ross: And I want to say thank you for doing this, seriously.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: We're going to get some good ratings today.

Adin Ross: We're going to get some good ratings. Everyone thought this was going to be fake today, but, you know, we proved them wrong, so --

Donald Trump: Yeah. We're right in the living room of Mar-a-Lago, which I don't allow this to be ever done. So, you're the -- you're the first, just about.

Adin Ross: Thank you.

Donald Trump: And we'll have a little fun today.

Adin Ross: Let's go.

Donald Trump: My son Barron says hello. He's a great young guy, but he's a big fan of yours.

Adin Ross: What's up, Barron? Yeah, Barron -- Barron is awesome. He's a great kid. Amazing. He's tall, very tall.

Donald Trump: He's tall. Good -- good student.

Adin Ross: Yeah. Yeah, he's very smart, I'll tell you that.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Yes.

Adin Ross: I do want to first off, you know, say this. You know, everyone in the chat, everyone in this room, everyone loves you. And I just want to say you're a true hero for this country, and I really appreciate you. And yeah. I'm -- I'm -- again, I'm really thrilled we could do this today.

Donald Trump: Wow. I'm so happy now that I'm doing it. Give me -- give me a -- that's great.

Adin Ross: I -- I -- do you -- so do you know what livestreaming is on these platforms?

Donald Trump: More or less.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: More or less. It's the new wave.

Adin Ross: It's the new wave. It's the new wave. I'm going to explain it to you. All right.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Adin Ross: So, I'm going to show you this -- this chat right now. Let me -- let me show you this. So, this is the live chat. So, you already broke the website in five minutes.

Donald Trump: Oh, really? Wow.

Adin Ross: Yeah, you broke it. The chat wasn't working, but we ended up fixing it. It's just very slow. Everyone in the chat, say hello. You guys can put hi in the chat.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Adin Ross: And Ws mean it's good. W means win.

Donald Trump: That's good. That's good.

Adin Ross: Yeah. Yup.

Donald Trump: OK.

Adin Ross: So, they're -- they're putting Ws and stuff. Yeah, W Trump. All right. So, yeah, everyone -- everyone is just super thrilled.

Donald Trump: You're going to have big ratings today, I can see it.

Adin Ross: Yeah, I want to -- I want to break a million. I think we could do it.

Donald Trump: Oh, good. Oh, you'd do much more.

Adin Ross: You think so?

Donald Trump: I think so. Yeah.

Adin Ross: Oh, I'm excited. I'm thrilled. Elon -- Elon actually already -- he commented on the -- the X post that I went live already.

Donald Trump: Well, Elon is a great guy.

Adin Ross: Yeah, he's great.

Donald Trump: He's really a fantastic person. Little imagination he's got, doesn't he?

Adin Ross: Yeah. Yeah. Rockets and tunnels and -- Yeah.

Donald Trump: Everything. He's -- he's a fantastic guy.

Adin Ross: He's great. So, let's get started today. Let's have some fun.

Donald Trump: Yeah. So, let's go.

Adin Ross: We'll touch base on some topics, and then we'll do some fun stuff.

Donald Trump: Sounds good.

Adin Ross: Cool? Let's have a good time. All right. Well, the first thing is, you know, the reason why, you know, I -- I really wanted to make this dream happen is because there's a lot of people that are first-time voters watching today. You know, and I -- I want to make it very clear to everybody that you're a human being, you're a great human being, and I want you to basically talk to -- talk in this camera, talk to them, and explain why it's very important as a first-time voter to go out and vote and why they should vote for you.

Donald Trump: I'd love to do that, and I love having a young audience. This is young -- I think you have some oldsters, too, because I also know some oldsters that are listening and watching. But it's about the American dream. Right now, you don't have the American dream. We have a country that's not respected; a country that's being laughed at; a country that's just, a little while ago, we're having a stock market explosion in a negative way, as opposed to a positive way.

Donald Trump: And that's been happening for quite a while. It's -- it's been simmering and really happening for quite a while. And we're going to make this country so strong and so great. And when you're ready for your job, you're going to get a great job, a job so you can make the kind of money this guy is making, maybe even -- maybe even more if that's possible.

Adin Ross: I'm trying to get like you, boss.

Donald Trump: But -- but you'll -- you'll love your life and you'll be successful. And at a young age, it's really wonderful to think about the American dream. And with Kamala -- and, you know, Joe, I took him out. He was -- we had a debate, and the debate didn't go so well for him. And they sort of -- what they did, you know, it was really a coup of somebody.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: He has 14 million votes. He had it. And all of a sudden, they went to him and they said, "We don't want you as -- we don't want you running anymore." And it's sort of like a prize fight from my standpoint. Here, you're focused on this one man.

Adin Ross: Right.

Donald Trump: And all of a sudden, you're fighting somebody else. But she's actually worse than he is, and you're starting to see that. I think people are going to see that very -- it's going to be very evident. So, go out. We want the American dream. We're going to give you the American dream, and you're going to be really happy.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Adin Ross: I have another question. And again, Mr. President, you know, I'm not really fully into politics, but, you know, I'm getting there. And I do want to make this very clear as well, what's on my mind. You know, back when I was in -- I went to high school in California, OK? And, you know, a lot of the teachers were basically, at the time -- you know, this is -- this is your first term.

Adin Ross: They were telling me how horrible a person you are and all these things. And the teachers -- you're not supposed to do that. It's inappropriate to have teachers, you know, discuss politics in school. But it's becoming really normal for a lot of teachers. You know, and you're a kid. You know, when you're a kid, your brain is like a sponge.

Donald Trump: That's true. That's true.

Adin Ross: So, I want to know what your thoughts on that, you know, kind of the corruption in the school system, in a way. You know, they're teaching some pretty bad stuff in there.

Donald Trump: It's been brainwashed to a certain extent. Even the teachers have been brainwashed. They've learned from a long time, this is long before me, this liberal way, or now they call it progressive. They don't like the term liberal. You're not allowed to use that anymore.

Adin Ross: Wow.

Donald Trump: So, I usually use it. But this -- this liberal way that they have, and it's a bad thing, a bad thing for the country. You know, we want to have borders. We want to have low taxes. We want to have great schools, really, you know, great schools so you can go and learn and be successful and have a wonderful life and all of that.

Donald Trump: But we want to have a good military so we can protect ourselves --

Adin Ross: Of course.

Donald Trump: From some bad players. You got some bad players out there. And, you know, it's interesting, during my four years, we had no war other than -- we -- we had nothing. Everybody was afraid we were going to have wars, and just the opposite. North Korea, I remember, Barack Obama was telling me, "Oh, the biggest problem we have is North Korea." I didn't have a problem with North Korea.

Adin Ross: No.

Donald Trump: Big nuclear presence. I didn't have a problem. The only war we had was already started long ago, and that was ISIS. And we defeated -- I defeated them in a very short amount of time.

Adin Ross: I remember.

Donald Trump: Very quickly. And we had no wars under the Trump administration, and that's a great thing. You know, that's a really great thing. It was I think 82 years since that's happened. And we won't have wars again, but we could have a war before we even get there. That's the problem. We have a number of months. We have four months.

Donald Trump: And the election is starting very soon, and I guess five months before you actually get in. And a lot of damage can be done in five months by incompetent people, and we have very incompetent people right now. And I'm not saying that out of happiness. I'm saying that out of sadness because our country is in tremendous danger, not only of -- of stock market crashes or depressions or whatever it may be. It's tremendous military danger.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: We have -- Israel is blowing up. The Middle East is blowing up. Russia is going wild with Ukraine. And things are out of control. And we have nobody that knows how to talk. We have nobody that knows -- I was watching when Russia was thinking about going in, and they never would have done it with me. They never -- and they didn't, but they never -- after I got in, they started loading up the border.

Donald Trump: I thought he was doing it for negotiation purposes. And Biden said all of the wrong things, everything wrong. And ultimately, they attacked, and they wouldn't have done that if I were president. So, we've got to get back in and get it straightened out.

Adin Ross: Definitely.

Donald Trump: We'll get that one worked out.

Adin Ross: One hundred percent.

Donald Trump: A lot of people are dying.

Adin Ross: Yeah. It's -- it's a lot of innocent lives being lost. You know, you -- you had mentioned, you know, the stock market crashing. I don't know if you -- you obviously -- I saw the -- the post you made on your app, Truth. You know, what I just saw yesterday and the day before -- you know, I'm in crypto.

Donald Trump: Right.

Adin Ross: And I'm in stocks myself.

Donald Trump: Right.

Adin Ross: And I couldn't believe what's going on. You know, you have Japan. You have -- everybody just falling. And I want to ask you, you know, how do we basically get it back up and flowing -- back up and running and, you know -- and what's causing this?

Donald Trump: Well, right now, you have no confidence. You have somebody that, now, is taking over from Biden because he just wants to stay in bed all day. He can't get up. He wants to stay in bed. He would know he was a fraud. They tried to tell people he was competent. He knew what he was doing. And in the debate, he was adjudged to be not so good.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But you can go back four years, too. You know, he campaigned from his basement. He didn't campaign. I said, "Where is this guy," during COVID. They used COVID as an excuse not to let him talk.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: The whole thing was a fraud, and everybody knew it, and they knew it strongly. And we're going to get it going again. We have to get it going again. It's -- they put us in a very bad position. The worst thing is we have probably, I think, 18 million, 20 million people came into our country with open borders, and many come from prisons.

Donald Trump: And -- and you can be a liberal and your people can be, but coming from some of the meanest prisons all over the world, not just South America, from all over the world. From the Congo and Africa, they come. From all over the world, they're coming, and they're releasing their prisoners into the United States.

Donald Trump: Now, you can be a liberal guy, you can be progressive as -- as anybody in the world, and you can't think that's a positive thing.

Adin Ross: No.

Donald Trump: They're coming out of mental institutions. They're pouring into the United States. And they're hurting and damaging our country, and they're killing our people. And the crime rate with -- with what you're talking about and what we're talking about, the -- we call it migrant crime. It's a new form of crime, and it's a very violent crime, and it's going to take on proportions the likes of which this country has never seen before.

Donald Trump: And remember, these people are just getting accustomed. These are people coming out of mental institutions, prisons, and jails, and many terrorists. We're having record numbers of terrorists coming in. So, I'm talking, I assume, mostly to a young audience, but a young audience, no matter where they're coming from, they can't be happy about this.

Adin Ross: No. No, they can't. Jobs are being taken, a lot of crime. You know, so what -- President, what -- President Trump, what do we -- what do we do to fix that issue? How -- what if -- what if, you know, I happen to be born in another country and I want to come the right way, how -- how would -- how would that work?

Donald Trump: Well, that's what we want. We want people to come in, but they have to come in through a system, through a legal system. And, you know, one of the things that's unfair is we have hundreds of thousands of people that have applied to come in, and this administration doesn't talk to them.

Adin Ross: Right.

Donald Trump: But if they walk through the southern border, they have no problem getting in. I don't even know why they're doing this. But some people are waiting 10 years to come in. And they've studied. They learned all about the United States, about our Constitution, about everything.

Adin Ross: Right.

Donald Trump: And they're not letting -- they're not being let in, and we're allowing people to come in from really rough places, really bad places. And they come in through caravans. And, you know, these caravans have 10,000, 20,000, 30,000 people.

Adin Ross: Wow.

Donald Trump: And they're pouring through Mexico.

Adin Ross: That's crazy.

Donald Trump: And Mexico was great. When I was there, they were helping us. I had stay in Mexico. You can imagine what that is. That means you have to stay in Mexico. You can't come into this country until we approve you. They gave it up. Now, they just walk right in. They had catch and release. We had catch and release.

Donald Trump: That's you catch a criminal and you release them into our country. I said, "No, no, we catch a criminal, and we release them into Mexico." I think you'll feel better about that.

Adin Ross: Yeah. Definitely.

Donald Trump: You know, it's one of those things. There are so many things they are so bad, it's like amateur night. It's either amateur night or they want to destroy our country.

Adin Ross: Right. Right. Do you -- what do you -- what do you think about what's going on in Venezuela, the whole situation out there?

Donald Trump: Well, I know it very well, and Venezuela is, right now, being run by a dictator. We're -- we were enemies with Venezuela. Venezuela was going to collapse, and people could have gone back to Venezuela. They're in our country now. They've released tremendous numbers of criminals into our country. If you look at Caracas, it was known for being a very dangerous city.

Donald Trump: And now, it's very safe. In fact, the next interview we'll do, we'll do it in Caracas, Venezuela --

Adin Ross: I'm down.

Donald Trump: Because it's safer than many of our cities after they've released their criminals into all of our cities.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And, you know, I'm kidding.

Adin Ross: I know.

Donald Trump: You know, the reason I have to say that because the fake news media knows that, too, but they'll say "He suggested they go to Venezuela." You know, they are so bad, it's hard to believe. But anyway, so Venezuela, their crime is down 72 percent because they've taken their criminal elements, which are large, very -- it was a very dangerous place, especially Caracas and the different cities, and they've moved them into the United States of America.

Donald Trump: I know you're very happy. I know that your mother and father must be thrilled when they hear that.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Who happened to be here, I believe.

Adin Ross: They are. They're right over there. Hey, Mom. Hey, Dad.

Donald Trump: Are you thrilled with what they're doing? I don't think so. No, I don't think they're thrilled. I don't think so. So -- but -- so their crime rate is down 72 percent.

Adin Ross: Right.

Donald Trump: Because their drug dealers, their criminals, their murderers, their rapists, everything's being moved into the United States. And soon, they will have moved all of their criminals into the US, they won't have crime. So, that's why I say we'll go to Venezuela for our next interview. OK. It's a very serious problem.

Adin Ross: Yes.

Donald Trump: I mean, honestly, what they're doing to this country, they're destroying our country, Adin. They're destroying -- stupid people. He's -- he's not a smart man. He wasn't smart 35 years ago. He wasn't smart 20 years ago. And now, he's really not smart.

Adin Ross: No.

Donald Trump: And you saw that from the debate. I mean, he's really gone down the tubes. And she is -- look, she couldn't even pass her law exam. She couldn't pass her bar exam. And I'm not saying that because I know other people that didn't pass their bar exam, but she thought she'd never be able to pass it. And this is who we have running our country, it's a shame.

Donald Trump: She's ultra-left, ultra-radical. I just see where 99 vicious terrorists, when she was, I guess, attorney general. She -- because she was attorney general of California. She destroyed California. Her policies have destroyed California. Her policies, when she was the district attorney, have destroyed San Francisco.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: San Francisco was the best city in our country 20 years ago. And now, it's, you know, not even -- frankly, it's not even livable. We have to bring our cities back. We're going to have to focus on bringing our cities back.

Adin Ross: It's -- it's actually really sad. You know, I live -- I live in California for a long time. Even Los Angeles, it's -- it's -- it's not safe. It's just -- it's not safe. Everyone I know that lives in multimillion-dollar, you know, homes that do what I do, you know, content, they're getting robbed. You know, they're getting robbed.

Adin Ross: The police don't really -- you know --

Donald Trump: No.

Adin Ross: They're not -- they're not active out there as -- as they are in some other states, and it's really sad. And I agree. I saw a video in San Francisco where people would just walk into a Louis Vuitton and an Apple Store and just loot, loot, loot, loot, loot, and leave like nothing ever happened. It's crazy.

Donald Trump: They loot. And not only that, they have like $1,000 or $1,500, where she started, where she won't even prosecute if it's less than 1,500 bucks.

Adin Ross: Wow.

Donald Trump: So, you see these people go in with like calculators, and they're adding the stuff that they're stealing because they won't be prosecuted so that if they get nabbed, they say, no, no, it's less than whatever it is, $1,000.

Adin Ross: Right.

Donald Trump: And she started the concept of that, and it's now spreading. Our country -- we need -- we need strong leadership. Our -- we didn't have stuff like this. You know, when you look at what's happened to this country and you look at other countries, crime rates all over the world are down. You know why? Because they're all dumping their bad people, their prisoners, and all of the people that are bad.

Donald Trump: They're -- not only -- I mean, not only the people on the streets, the people that are in jails. You know what they save by doing that? But they're dumping their prisoners and their criminal elements. They're dumping them into the United States of America. And our crime is going to go through the roof. It's going to go through the roof.

Donald Trump: And, you know, if we win -- and I hope we win. We should win. We seem to be winning. And, you know, you can't even imagine that anybody would want these. This has nothing to do with me. Who would want these people? But can you imagine, they're just getting comfortable now, and they're criminals. So, they're sort of laying low a little bit now because they're not comfortable.

Donald Trump: But soon, they'll be comfortable, and they'll find that our police are -- they're great.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But they're not allowed to do their job. They're not allowed to be strong, and they're not -- they could do their job if they were let. But if they do their job, they have their pension knocked out, they have their car taken away, their family taken away, their house taken away. Everything is taken away, and they lose their job.

Donald Trump: It's a very rough thing being a policeman today, I'll tell you. But they could do the job. We're going to have to let them do their job. We have a crime-infested nation. We're a drug-addicted nation, and we're a crime-infested nation. Other than that, we're doing quite well.

Adin Ross: Yeah. Yeah. I -- I want to move topics a little bit here. You know, I saw -- I'm unfamiliar with exactly what it was called. You were speaking on stage with three other women, and you just got ambushed. They were late and not a hi, hello, how are you? Just straight into it, just straight trying to rip you apart.

Adin Ross: And I think you handled it pretty well. But I wanted to ask you a question, like why do you think like they just straight up do that for you, but then they're going to ask the other side, "Oh, what's your favorite flavor of ice cream?"

Donald Trump: That's right. Well -- well, I did this as a favor, and this was the Black journalists. The room had maybe 2,000. They said 2,000. It looked more like 1,000 to me. But whatever it was, it was packed.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And I did it because I thought it was a good thing to do. And they had a journalist. I don't know -- I didn't know who she was, but she was nasty. She was a terrible person. And I walk in, and instead of saying, "Hello. Thank you very much for doing this." They also said Kamala is going to do it. But then Kamala said, "I want to --" She wants to do it because she can't talk to people.

Donald Trump: She can't answer questions. She hasn't done one interview. You know, she's not doing any interviews.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Because if she did one interview where a hard question was asked, she's incapable of answering it. But I walk in, and this woman starts talking about -- she talked about we have -- let's get rid of the elephant in the room, and she starts talking about racism and everything. I said, "You didn't even say hello to me." And I'm doing them a favor by doing this.

Adin Ross: Right.

Donald Trump: I'm doing this out of respect to the Black community. And we're getting record numbers, as you know, in the Black community. And she came across -- you know, she's with ABC fake news, which is one of the worst. ABC is one of the worst.

Adin Ross: Right.

Donald Trump: And she is horrible. So, she was very nasty. Harris Faulkner was there. She was excellent. The other person I didn't know, she was OK. I wouldn't say she was great, but she was OK. But I did it, and it was quite a sensation. I see that a lot of people think it was well handled. The woman was so rude.

Adin Ross: So rude.

Donald Trump: That, you know, it's hard to believe. You can walk into a thing -- and I do them a favor, and I do this -- most people said, "Why are you doing it?" I feel I have an obligation to do it. I want to -- look, you become the president for all of the people.

Adin Ross: Right.

Donald Trump: Not for a certain segment.

Adin Ross: Correct.

Donald Trump: Not even for just my -- you know, they talk about my base. It's a very big base. But you become president for all of the people. So, I feel you have an obligation to do that. Now, she's not doing anything. She's not doing any interviews because I don't believe she's capable. She starts -- I don't know. She's strange.

Donald Trump: The whole thing is strange. Let's put it this way. Our country is in big trouble.

Adin Ross: Yeah. I spoke to your son, Don Jr. when I met you in Doral.

Donald Trump: Right.

Adin Ross: I spoke to Don Jr. a little bit. He said, "Man, you know, I feel for the -- you know, the young generation. You guys are -- look -- look -- look at this. Like, look what's going on here. Like it's -- it's like you need this next four years. If not, I don't --" He's like, "I don't know how well the country is going to do after these four years."

Donald Trump: I don't think it survives. I really don't. Look, we're going to have 20 million people in by the time this election takes place, 20 million people. That's -- that's bigger than New York state. Many of those people are people that you should not have. And we're all for everything, you know, every -- all men are created equal, as the expression goes.

Adin Ross: Of course.

Donald Trump: And now, today, they say all men and women are created equal.

Adin Ross: Yeah. Yeah.

Donald Trump: When they wrote that, it was a slightly different time. Today, it's -- that alone is a politically incorrect statement.

Adin Ross: Yeah. Yeah, it is.

Donald Trump: So, all men and women are created equal, everything. But the fact is when you're dumping all of these criminals and all of these drug dealers, all of these people into our country, you're really hurting our country badly. And it -- it has to be -- we have to take very strong measures.

Adin Ross: We definitely do. We definitely do. Moving -- moving to the next. Oh. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Oh, I didn't know -- I didn't know they were allowed to applaud.

Adin Ross: Yeah, they're allowed to applaud. You guys can keep applauding.

Donald Trump: Well, all right. That's good. Common sense, right? You know, it is about common sense. I mentioned that term because whether you're conservative or liberal, it's a -- it's all about common sense.

Adin Ross: It is.

Donald Trump: You want to have good education. You want to have borders. You want to have low interest rates, be able to buy a house. You want to -- you know, so many different things.

Adin Ross: Of course.

Donald Trump: But you got to have common sense, and -- and we're run by people -- and, you know, just a little thing. When I started campaigning almost like eight years ago, I talked about Merry Christmas. We should have Merry Christmas again. Let's bring back Merry Christmas. It's a -- you weren't allowed to say Merry Christmas.

Donald Trump: I got it back, OK? [Applause]

Adin Ross: It's a nice crowd, huh?

Donald Trump: Even if you're Jewish, they like to say Merry Christmas. Every one of my Jewish friends say, "We love Merry Christmas."

Adin Ross: I love -- I'm Jewish. I love Merry Christmas.

Donald Trump: Good. And, you know, Kamala doesn't --

Adin Ross: She doesn't like it?

Donald Trump: No, she doesn't want -- she doesn't want you to use Merry Christmas.

Adin Ross: Wow.

Donald Trump: She thinks it's insulting to use Merry Christmas. So, we'll have to work on her.

Adin Ross: I -- I wanted to ask you a question, speaking of -- you said something about common sense. Someone who has no common sense, Joe Biden. Do you think he was pushed out or do you think he made the decision to step down?

Donald Trump: No, he was not only pushed out, it was a coup. I'm telling you, they went in to see him. He did badly. The debate was a disaster.

Adin Ross: It was horrible.

Donald Trump: OK? I don't know if I was brilliant or if he was horrible, maybe it was a combination of both, OK?

Adin Ross: Yeah. Yeah.

Donald Trump: I know one thing they were saying after I left. They said, "You know, that was one of the greatest debate performances we've ever seen." And then two days later, they just said he was terrible.

Adin Ross: Right.

Donald Trump: They never gave -- they took away -- they took away the great debate performance.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But anyway, but no, I mean, I did fine. And he -- he is -- he shouldn't have -- look, he's done tremendous damage to our country. He was a terrible president. He was the worst president we've ever had. She's, by the way, considered the most unpopular vice president we've ever had. But she's a horrible -- she's worse than he is. I actually think he's smarter than her, and I think he's a really not smart person.

Donald Trump: But I think he's smarter than she is. But she was convenient. She was there. They have better people. I mean, they have much better -- in fact, all of the people that she's looking at are considered much better than her. These were people that were thinking about running. They would have run, except that they didn't want to go through this roadblock with her.

Donald Trump: And, you know, because she's the vice president so they wanted to go pick them. And -- and I think, virtually, every one of them is considered better, smarter, would be a better president than her. But we can't allow her to be president. She's going to destroy our country.

Adin Ross: She'll ruin it. I mean, already, the -- it's just -- it's -- it's ridiculous what she's saying.

Donald Trump: And by the way, the youth is so important because youth tends to be Democrat. And as they get older, they become Republican. That's what's happened. We can't wait 50 years. We can't. [Applause] Make the move now, all of you young people. And he's got a lot of them. All I know is my kids say, "Dad, you have no idea how big this interview is." I said, "Don't tell me that." But make the move now.

Donald Trump: Don't wait 50 years. Our country doesn't have 50 years.

Adin Ross: Damn. You know, that's -- that's crazy to think about. I -- I want to ask you a question. She did a rally recently. She had a rapper speak, and then she had a rapper twerk at a rally.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Yeah.

Adin Ross: A rapper was twerking at her -- at her rally.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Adin Ross: I want to know your thoughts on that. You know, I don't -- that's -- it's crazy to me to think that there could be twerking at a rally.

Donald Trump: I know. Well, what Hillary did is she would go out and get Bruce Springsteen. He'd get much smaller crowds than I got, to be honest, and he had a guitar, right? I don't have a guitar. But -- but he would fill up a place, and then he'd finish and they'd all leave, and she'd be speaking. So, now, Kamala is doing the same thing because nobody wants to go watch her.

Donald Trump: Nobody.

Adin Ross: No.

Donald Trump: I mean, she speaks for like a short -- nobody's going to want to watch her, and nobody does want to watch. Now, at least, there's a little bit of curiosity. But there's no value, really, in going on watching her. So, what she did is she's gotten a couple of rappers, and they fill up the place. But what she does is a little bit different.

Donald Trump: She has them go last. That's smart. I -- you know, I give -- so in other words, they want her to finish her speech, get the hell off the stage, and then they can listen to the rap.

Adin Ross: Performance starts.

Donald Trump: No, it's pretty --

Adin Ross: It's kind of smart.

Donald Trump: Hillary didn't.

Adin Ross: That's smart.

Donald Trump: No, no, I give her credit.

Adin Ross: Yeah, give it to her a little.

Donald Trump: Hillary -- Hillary never figured that out. She'd get some star and the star would fill up the place, and then the star would leave, they would leave, everybody would leave, and she's talking to an empty stadium, you know. Anyway, this is a little better idea.

Adin Ross: Yeah. I -- I want to -- I want to move on to the fun stuff now.

Donald Trump: OK.

Adin Ross: I think, you know, you've -- you've -- we've definitely talked on some -- some ideas and -- and policies, excuse me, but I want the fun stuff because you are a fun guy. You know, I've heard a lot from a lot of people how cool you are, especially Dana. Shout out to Dana. I know you're watching.

Donald Trump: Oh, Dana.

Adin Ross: Yeah. He's -- he's the greatest.

Donald Trump: There's nobody like him, you know. You know, I always say everybody can be replaced except Dana because this guy travels the world looking for fighters, OK? Get me fighters. He doesn't care where they -- from countries nobody ever heard of. And that's where he finds the best fighters.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Now, he's -- he cannot be replaced. He's -- he's truly great at what he does.

Adin Ross: He's the coolest. I know you're a UFC fan, right?

Donald Trump: I am.

Adin Ross: Who are like your -- your favorite fighters?

Donald Trump: Well, I think Khabib. I mean, how good is Khabib? Do you know who Khabib is?

Adin Ross: Of course, I know who Khabib is.

Donald Trump: Khabib was 29 -- I guess 29 -- 28 and O. And then his father died, and he stopped. But I think he never lost -- I don't think he ever lost a round.

Adin Ross: Wow.

Donald Trump: Like he fought many times. He never lost like a round. And I thought he was great. I got to meet him at a fight two fights ago because I walked in with Dana. Sometimes, I do this walk-in, and it's pretty cool.

Adin Ross: Yeah. That's where I first met you.

Donald Trump: Yeah, that's right. [Inaudible]

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: If I didn't get any applause, you wouldn't want me on this show. You'd say, "Forget him." No, we get -- we get big applause. We walk in together.

Adin Ross: It's crazy. You shut it down.

Donald Trump: No, I met Khabib, though, and he was very -- you know, he -- he came to me, and he said, "You're the man that can stop the war," because he's talking about the war with Ukraine, Russia.

Adin Ross: Of course.

Donald Trump: Because he knows -- they're his people, I mean, on both sides, right? There are so many people dying in that war, and the whole culture is being destroyed. You know, the cities are coming down. They're just pouring bombs in. And he really -- it was amazing. He -- we weren't talking about fighting. We were talking about a different kind of fighting, a much worse kind of fighting, and he was very concerned about that whole thing, that war.

Donald Trump: He said, "You can get it stopped." And I can get it stopped. I will have that stopped before I assume -- I will -- if I win the election, the first thing I'm going to do is get Putin and get Zelenskyy, I know them both very well, and get them to make a deal because it's crazy. [Applause]

Adin Ross: It is.

Donald Trump: It's crazy.

Adin Ross: It is. And that's -- it's like your rallies, the crowd, huh?

Donald Trump: I know. I like this crowd. I think it's good. I like you, people. You know what they are, though? They're basically -- they're people that want to see their country do well.

Adin Ross: That's it.

Donald Trump: It's people that just like -- it just -- they don't want to see crime.

Adin Ross: Right.

Donald Trump: They don't want to be mugged, you know, because they're selfish in that respect. They'd prefer not being mugged, right? But they don't want other people to be mugged, beaten up, shot, and killed. You know, in Chicago, on July Fourth weekend, they had 117 people shot. Think of this. You live there, 117 people were shot, 17 died.

Donald Trump: This is in one weekend, July Fourth weekend.

Adin Ross: Wow.

Donald Trump: I mean, nobody wants that. If you're living in Chicago, you have a good chance of, you know, something bad happening when you -- you're going to go buy a loaf of bread and something really bad could happen. So, we don't want that, and they don't want that. The people behind me who I just met briefly, they -- they are -- they're great, but they're like other people.

Donald Trump: People don't want crime. They don't want to go to wars. They want to be able to make money. They want to be able to have a good life. They want a great education. All the things that you want, just the basic things. And we don't have that now.

Adin Ross: It's really sad, honestly, and I know --

Donald Trump: Well, think of this. Israel -- you're Jewish. Are you a fan of Israel?

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It would have never happened. October 7th would have never happened if I was president. And everybody admits it. Iran was broke. They had no money. I wouldn't let anybody buy oil from Iran. As soon as Biden comes in -- he didn't have any -- he didn't have a clue. He let everything happen. But Iran was totally broke.

Donald Trump: They had no money. And I wouldn't let them do -- I wouldn't let them -- nobody. China, I said, "You buy oil from Iran and you can't do business in the United States." They said, "We'll pass." I mean, that's fine. And -- but I did that with everybody. And we would have had a deal -- 100 percent, we would have had a deal, and there would have been no attack.

Donald Trump: There was no money left. Iran had no money. We would have made a deal. We would have made a fair deal for them. I would have loved to have made a fair deal. I'm not looking to I just want them, they can't have a nuclear weapon. It's very simple. They can't have a nuclear weapon. You cannot let Iran have a nuclear weapon.

Donald Trump: So, what happens is we worked very hard on that, and then he comes in and he allows everybody to go. China now is buying millions -- billions and billions of dollars worth of oil. And Iran now is a very rich country, and October 7th would have never happened. And it wouldn't happen because they didn't have the money to pay Hamas and Hezbollah and all of these -- they call them instruments of terror.

Donald Trump: A lot of different names. And so, October 7th would have never happened.

Adin Ross: Wow.

Donald Trump: The recent attack on the park would have never happened. That was so graphic. And so, you know, normally, you don't see that. Normally, the media cuts it off, but they didn't have time to cut it off because it was during the day, very public. And you'd see children with their legs cut off.

Adin Ross: It's horrible.

Donald Trump: Those -- those initial scenes were so horrible where a rocket landed in a little soccer field. Just terrible. All of that stuff would have never happened, and we'll get it stopped fast, by the way. We'll get it stopped fast. There's no games. [Applause]

Adin Ross: Amazing. Amazing. Well, everyone that's watching, everyone behind, just know that your vote really does matter and you guys really have a big decision coming up in November. You guys got to really go out there and vote, and vote for the right person, which is him.

Donald Trump: Wow. That's -- that's [Inaudible]

Adin Ross: See my alley-oop there.

Donald Trump: You know, it's -- it's funny that you do, but now I know why you're so popular because I've been on for years with people that really do like me, and they're even fair to me and everything else, but they wouldn't do what you just did. They wouldn't say vote for him. You know, they do -- they're short of that.

Donald Trump: They wouldn't do it. And they do -- and they vote for me, but they wouldn't say it. I think it's great that you can say something like that. I think it's so -- it's so -- it's ethical, it's fair, it's smart. And if you felt that way about somebody else, that's OK, too. But, you know, you have journalists today like that one that intercepted me, literally, that was -- that was like a --

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: That was like a booby trap. I walk in and she starts saying, "We got to start immediately." She didn't say, "Oh, thank you very much for being here."

Adin Ross: No.

Donald Trump: Just like the worst. And frankly, if I own that network, I would fire her so fast. It was so inappropriate. And I actually -- I actually -- you know, once -- once you sort of walk out, then you put the guard up, and you actually give less information than what you would have if they did it with sugar, right?

Donald Trump: But she doesn't know about sugar, that one. That was sort of terrible. It became viral, No. 1 viral.

Adin Ross: Yeah. Yeah.

Donald Trump: And it was the question that was viral. I think my answers were sort of good.

Adin Ross: They were really good.

Donald Trump: I think they were -- they considered to be -- I don't -- I can't brag, but they were considered to be very good. But -- but the level of hatred and craziness. And you don't know, is that from the head of the network or is that from her. But ABC -- I've said for a long time, ABC is what -- you have, George Slopadopolus.

Donald Trump: I don't know if you know. But he's a nasty guy. You know, you sit down -- and yet, to Biden, he interviews Biden. I said there's no way that Biden can handle this guy if the guy is like normal.

Adin Ross: Right.

Donald Trump: Like -- like he normally is.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: He was so nice to Biden. He asked him to sit. And then when Biden couldn't answer, which he can't answer most of the questions because he has no clue where he is --

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Slopadopolus is -- is giving him the answers. He's given the -- "And isn't it true that you really don't want to see war? Isn't that true?" "Yeah. Yeah." No, the whole thing is crazy. Anyway.

Adin Ross: I want to real quick talk about one thing. It was super important to me when I saw it, censorship. You know.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Adin Ross: I don't know if you saw what Elon had posted. Elon, basically, showed if you were to Google Donald Trump about a week ago, all you see is Kamala. That's all you see is Kamala. It's crazy. Google was really, really trying to push her.

Donald Trump: So, Google is really crooked. It's horrible. When they had the word assassination up because, you know, there was --

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: There was a big moment a few weeks ago where I got whacked. I got -- right there, I got whacked. And whether it's me or anybody else, that's -- it was a terrible thing, a terrible thing. For our country, it was terrible, for everything. And when you put up the name -- the word assassination, it went to Lincoln, it went to many other people, many of whom I didn't even know there was an attempted assassination.

Donald Trump: The only one it didn't have was Trump. Think of it. And when you put up the word assassination, it also sends you to Kamala to -- and people were really angry at it. Look, there's something wrong with Google. I don't know if it's the people running it inside or the smaller people, so to speak. The people that are actually doing the nuts and bolts.

Donald Trump: I doubt it. It's got to come from the top. And it's so illegitimate. They have to do something about it. And -- I mean, the -- the market speaks. Everybody should maybe just go off Google, not use it. There are so many other things, watch your show instead. But there are so many things. Now, Mark Zuckerberg called me, and he apologized.

Donald Trump: They actually had it where -- you know, AI is dangerous. It's going to be with us, but it's very dangerous. They actually had -- the Secret Service agents were very brave because when I was being shot at, there were eight shots, and as soon as they heard that first gun -- I did think I did a good job because I heard and I went down.

Donald Trump: You know, when you hear bullets, you tend to drop to the floor if you're intelligent.

Adin Ross: Of course.

Donald Trump: If you're not intelligent, like I don't think Joe would have dropped to the floor. I think it's --

Adin Ross: No, I think he would have just been like, "What's going on?"

Donald Trump: What's -- hey, what's happening?

Adin Ross: What is that?

Donald Trump: Where are those bullets coming from?

Adin Ross: Is that a bird?

Donald Trump: Oh, there they are. There they are. No, I don't think he would have dropped to the floor.

Adin Ross: Right.

Donald Trump: But anyway, but it's -- when you -- when you hear this and when you see what's going on -- and he called up and there's a very iconic picture that was taken, but there's a number of them, actually. But there's one in particular that was very iconic, and it's been on the covers with the fist up and the Secret agents -- Service agents.

Donald Trump: And, you know, I know they're going through a little bit of a questioning period. Let me tell you, these people were brave because those bullets were coming at me, and I heard them. They were whizzing over my head. I had the one here, and I went down, and those -- they were whizzing. And I had seven people, maybe, a lot of people, a lot of very big people on top of me within seconds.

Adin Ross: Right.

Donald Trump: And a lot of people that I know would not have -- they would not have done that. Adin, I'm telling you, when bullets are coming right over you --

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And you got people willing to -- I -- I asked a couple of them. They expected to die. They actually expected to die. And I understood that.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: The other thing that happened that was amazing was within five seconds, the sniper, the Secret Service sniper from a much further distance, one bullet, and didn't know about it. Now, that was -- it was a communication problem, a big one. And had it taken place, you know, 10 seconds earlier would have been good, but there was a communications problem.

Donald Trump: But he supposedly -- I don't think he knew. I mean, I've gone through it, too. I don't think the sniper knew anything about it. He may have heard there could be a problem, but he didn't know anything about it. Think of it. A thing like that happens. He went by the gun and the fire of the gun. And I guess when the bullets come out, you see fire.

Donald Trump: And he was able to see that from probably more than 300 yards away. So, that's three football fields. That's a lot. And one bullet took him out. And if he didn't shoot him, you would have had probably a lot of people dead.

Adin Ross: Right.

Donald Trump: Probably a lot of people would have been dead. He had a lot of bullets up there. He had a powerful gun and he had a lot of bullets up there. And the reason he stopped was he got hit five seconds. That's a pretty amazing job. When you think, you know, it's sort of a surreal experience.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And you could say that for them, too. And they go years and they don't have to do that. They don't have to shoot people. And then all of a sudden, they're confronted, and they see somebody firing. And a lot of people wouldn't react like that. They wouldn't -- you know, they'd say, "Let's call in and find out what's going on."

Adin Ross: Right.

Donald Trump: His reaction time, I think, was amazing. So, there was a big communication problem, and they'll get that straightened out, but the people -- the Secret Service people were very brave. And that sniper was very talented to hit the target, hit a target like that from so far away.

Adin Ross: Right. I -- you know, Mr. President, I do want to say, first of all, you took a bullet for everyone in this room, everyone watching, everyone, everyone. The reaction that you gave, no other president is going to do that. They're going to either remain, you know, where they are. You -- you are -- you are -- you are a brave man.

Adin Ross: You -- you stood up and went like this, and that was a pretty badass picture, by the way.

Donald Trump: Well, you know, the -- [Applause] I will say, though, that the audience was very brave also, the fans, the people. And it's much more than MAGA. It's -- although I think MAGA is almost everybody because it's what we talk about.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But all of those people, tens of thousands of people, as far as the eye could see, and then the people in the back, and those are the people you see because the cameras are focused on that. You know, we have the bleacher in the back with, I don't know, 100 to 150 people or something. But those people never moved.

Donald Trump: And if you go to crowd -- we had like a crowd-control-type person said whenever a bullet is fired -- they know a bullet and they know the sound. And we had a lot of bullets fired. So, when you think of it, plus the Secret Service, whenever a bullet is fired, everybody empties out immediately. They immediately leave and they empty out the whole stadium, and they call it a stampede like in cattle.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And people -- a lot of people get killed with stampede. You know, they get literally walked over.

Adin Ross: Stomped over. Yeah.

Donald Trump: They get -- many people die in soccer stadiums, you know, when they're -- but when a bullet goes off, everyone leaves, almost every time.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Nobody left. And you had the man behind me, he's looking like this. He's looking. He's looking. There was no fear. It was -- they knew that I was in trouble. They saw that. They saw the blood because the blood -- I guess you get hit in the ears, it's a -- I can tell you, a lot of blood when you get hit in the ear.

Donald Trump: That's one thing we learned. We learned all these things, unfortunately. But they saw there was a big problem. Normally, when they hear that, they're all -- you know, they disperse. Nobody left. I mean, you take a look at that. Now, that was a microcosm of what was out in front of me because the speech was being made --

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: To thousands of people.

Adin Ross: Right.

Donald Trump: And -- and nobody there was leaving either. It was really amazing. They knew there was a problem. And when I got up, they were confused because Secret Service was lifting me. I guess I was getting up, and I'm looking for my shoes. I didn't want to go on a -- you know, they had stretchers and stuff. I didn't want to go on stretchers.

Donald Trump: I didn't want to do that. But it was amazing. And -- and they were confused because you could be up but you're not looking too good. And I felt it was important to let people know that I was OK and our country was OK. In the true sense, that our country was OK. And so, I did that, and the audience was just -- they were -- they were -- I mean, "USA. USA."

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Wild. It was a -- it was a hell of a horrible experience. But I learned a lot about the love in this country. Think of it. A bullet goes off, everyone leaves. And here's bullets going off. They just --

Adin Ross: Again, a true hero.

Donald Trump: They were -- no, but they were -- but they were -- they were heroes. They -- the way they didn't move, the way they -- you have to watch that group behind because that was the same as the group in front, the big group. And it wasn't like, geez. You know, normally, they'd say, "Let's get out of here."

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: How do we do this?

Adin Ross: That's true. They just stood and watched.

Donald Trump: They weren't. They saw I was in trouble.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And they didn't want to move. And many of them were standing up, and they were looking. One man, in particular, with a floppy hat and wearing like a black T-shirt, and he's -- he's out there just looking. It's a fascinating thing to see. And when -- when you hear crowd-control people say, "We can't even imagine that happened," that shows their love, love for me maybe, but for the country, and it was -- it was pretty amazing.

Adin Ross: That's great.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Adin Ross: So, I got you a gift -- well, a couple of gifts.

Donald Trump: Oh, good. That's good.

Adin Ross: I'll show, you know, another gift. I'll show you, sorry, the second gift a little bit later.

Donald Trump: OK.

Adin Ross: But I did get you a gift, and I got you this gift because, look, you are -- I feel like you constantly get beat on, but you're so strong and you just -- like I said, you live for the people and you're -- you're a hero. I want to -- I want to present to you this gift right here. I hope you like watches, Rolexes.

Donald Trump: Oh, that's a beautiful watch.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Should I open it?

Adin Ross: You should open it and then show the camera.

Donald Trump: That's a great watch, actually. Good company. They're a good company.

Adin Ross: You like Rolex?

Donald Trump: They like Jack Nicklaus and Gary Player and Arnold Palmer and all the -- the golf guys and all the other guys, too. I do. This is beautiful. Wow. Thank you. Don't they have nice packaging?

Adin Ross: They do. Really, really nice.

Donald Trump: Wow. That's so nice. Oh, should I show that to the audience?

Adin Ross: Yeah, they could see it. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Oh, I didn't know this. Now, I know it's -- now, I know it's worth it. No, my boys said, well, that's such a big show. I don't know what you're doing, but you really are respected. Amazing. I mean --

Adin Ross: I appreciate it.

Donald Trump: You know, I go into other shows, nobody does a big deal about it.

Adin Ross: I do want to say also --

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Adin Ross: Shout out to Nelk Boys. I know you -- you love Nelk.

Donald Trump: Oh, they're great.

Adin Ross: They're the greatest.

Donald Trump: Well, that was through Dana. You know, Dana is very much into this world. Dana is a young guy, sort of, you know.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: He's a young guy, sort of.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But Dana is into this world like -- like he could be an 18-year-old or a 20-year-old.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: He knows more about you and the Nelk brothers -- and the Nelk boys, and he asked me to do their show. And I will tell you, I got a tremendous response. You know, you do some of these big shows, you do like 60 minutes, and nobody cares. You do Nelk or you, and I can already see. So many people calling, "I hear you're doing the show with Adin."

Adin Ross: Oh, wow.

Donald Trump: I said -- oh, I've had a lot of calls. So, it's -- it's like a new wave.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's a new thing.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Who would think it? And sometimes, television is not the big deal. I sort of feel that television will always be television.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But numbers aren't like they used to be.

Adin Ross: No. I would say, you know, livestreaming and YouTube is kind of like the new age television for --

Donald Trump: Yeah. Yeah.

Adin Ross: You know, younger people.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Adin Ross: So, I did have some -- some clips I want you to react to.

Donald Trump: OK.

Adin Ross: It's -- this is the fun stuff I wanted to get into.

Donald Trump: Sure.

Adin Ross: Let's get into the reactions right here. This is so cool. I'm actually reacting with you. All right.

Donald Trump: You know, I put you on Truth.

Adin Ross: Really?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Adin Ross: Thank you, man.

Donald Trump: Truth is my voice, you know.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And it's doing great.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Everybody should go -- go on Truth.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But -- but I will say that I put you on that we're doing the show together, and the response was very cool.

Adin Ross: I love it. I love it. OK. So, shout out to Nelk, but they kind of gave me this idea. I have two segments I want to do with you.

Donald Trump: OK.

Adin Ross: The first one is use one word that comes to mind to describe that person, OK?

Donald Trump: OK.

Adin Ross: It's a fun game.

Donald Trump: Fun.

Adin Ross: Let's start. All right. Who is the first picture? And we got the Nelk Boys. One word.

Donald Trump: Oh, great.

Adin Ross: I love that. OK. Great.

Donald Trump: Really good.

Adin Ross: OK.

Donald Trump: So, you're friends with them?

Adin Ross: I -- yeah.

Donald Trump: Are they competitors of yours, though?

Adin Ross: Not even, honestly. You know, every time that, you know, I speak to Kyle or Steve, it's just only love.

Donald Trump: Yeah. They're all good.

Adin Ross: They're really, really --

Donald Trump: No, they're just great.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But in a way, you would be competitors, but you don't even --

Adin Ross: They're more bigger on the YouTube side of things. I'm more live. So, it's a lot -- it's a different world.

Donald Trump: I see. So, it's different.

Adin Ross: But it's kind of like parallel.

Donald Trump: Look at them. I mean, they're just great people. That was Dana White. He said, "You got to do them." I said, "Who are they?" I didn't know. And after I did them, it was like an explosion.

Adin Ross: All right. Let's see who we got next here. We got me.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Well, I can just tell you that one word is -- would be outstanding. My sons told me about you, and, you know, they told me about how big -- "Dad --" You know, my Barron.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: He said, "Daddy, he's really big." I said, "Yeah, but what about else?" He said, "He's also a friend of mine." Right?

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But big stuff, Adin. So, I just have to say outstanding, to do what you've done at a young age, and I know how old you are. You're young. You're seriously young. My suit is older than you are.

Adin Ross: How old is your suit?

Donald Trump: I don't know. Who the hell -- [Applause]

Adin Ross: Thank you, Mr. President. All right. Let's see who we got next. We got -- and we got you.

Donald Trump: Patriot. I'm a patriot.

Adin Ross: OK. Joe Rogan.

Donald Trump: Interesting. He really is. He's -- he's an amazing guy. He's a very interesting guy.

Adin Ross: So, let's see who we got next. Mr. White.

Donald Trump: He's a fighter. I'll tell you, that guy, he fights, he -- you wouldn't want to have him against you. A little bit true with all of these people that you're showing. There's a good one. Elon, genius, truly a genius. You know, I see the rockets come down with the -- with the engines, and they're coming down, and the engines are landing without any -- they have no wings, no nothing.

Donald Trump: That was a couple of years ago.

Adin Ross: Right.

Donald Trump: What is that? And I -- I said, "What was that all about?" He says, "Well, we want to be able to save the engines, not that they go into the ocean and -- and all." But he really is -- he's a genius. He's also a good -- very good person, Elon.

Adin Ross: Let's see who we got next here. We got Kanye.

Donald Trump: So -- he's a very complicated -- let's -- let's say complicated because he is. He's a really nice guy, but he can get himself into trouble and he can get some other people. But, you know, he's got a -- he's got a good heart. He does. He does. But he's complicated, Kanye. Fake, but -- but in all fairness, look -- but she knows it. She's got a thing going.

Donald Trump: It's a good thing. She's a -- good thing for her. But there's a certain something she's got. She's got a spark that's pretty amazing, actually. She's got a good spark. So, I'll -- I'll change it. I'll say spark. She does have. She's -- she gets on -- you know, when she was running, she was running against a gentleman from Queens.

Donald Trump: And I asked his people, I said, "Are you careful?" This guy was going to be speaker of the House. It was going to be him, not Nancy Pelosi. And Joe, he is a good politician, a real pro, been around for a long time, many years in Congress. And I watched her on television one time. I saw a clip of her speaking, ranting, raving, going crazy, and I said, "Who is she running against?" She's running against Joe. I said, "Oh, does he know what's going?" "Oh, he's got no problem, sir.

Donald Trump: He's got no problem." I said, "Is he doing any debates?" "No, he doesn't have to bother with the debates. He's got -- no. He's been there for years." I said, "Tell him I said that he should be careful," because I saw her. And I said, "She's Evita." I called her Evita. Maybe that's the best, Evita Peron, right?

Donald Trump: I said, "She's Evita." She's in the streets, screaming, shouting, going crazy, hugging people, hugging. Everybody is being hugged. I said, "He better be careful." And she took him out. So, you know, I give her credit, but she's got a lot of -- she's got a lot of sizzle. Well, there's a powerful -- powerful man.

Donald Trump: He's a powerful man. I know him very well. I know him probably better than anybody in this country knows him and got to know him extremely well. We had a great relationship until COVID. COVID was a step too far. But we did very well with China and President Xi. We did very, very well with China. We took in hundreds of billions of dollars.

Donald Trump: No president took in $0.10. I took in -- and I exposed China. Look, I want China to do great. I'm OK, but they can't take advantage of us like they were doing. For years and years, we'd lose $500 billion a year in trade and all of that. And -- but then COVID came in and it really -- I changed -- I changed, but I will have a very good relationship with him.

Donald Trump: There's no -- there's no going to war with him. He doesn't want to go to war. We're not going to go to war. And we had a very good relationship. Actually, he was right in this room. He came to this country, and he stayed here for a number of days, as you remember, and we had incredible meetings, a very famous meeting in the dining room, actually.

Donald Trump: But he loves his country and he's very strong and very powerful and very interesting, but he -- he really does love his country. I can tell you that.

Adin Ross: Let's see who we got next on this list.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Gavin New-scum. You spelled -- no, you spelled his last name.

Adin Ross: He literally ruined California. Beautiful state. California is beautiful. He ruined it.

Donald Trump: And when you watch him, he's always saying, "Oh, we're doing so great."

Adin Ross: Right. Right.

Donald Trump: We're not doing great. I mean, I have holdings in California and I own a golf course right on the ocean, right on the Pacific Ocean, in Palos Verdes. So beautiful. It's a club. It's big, you know, many acres -- hundreds of acres, and it's -- it's fantastic. But California is so precious. One of the most beautiful places in the world in terms of weather --

Adin Ross: For sure.

Donald Trump: In terms of everything, and they're just destroying it with crime. The crime is out of control. It's a very dangerous place. And he -- you know, I think he's -- he -- you know, it's a -- it's a shame because I like him. I got along with him great. I helped him a lot with his fires. I kept saying, you know, "Why don't you do something about the forest fires?"

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: There's no reason to have that. There's no management. They have no management control over the forests. I said, "You have to do things." But I got along with him great, but he has not done the job.

Adin Ross: No.

Donald Trump: He has not done the job. Sad.

Adin Ross: Got a few more. Let's see who we got next.

Donald Trump: Yeah. He's turned very liberal, actually. They say he's the son of Fidel Castro and could be. I mean, anything is possible in this world. You know, you're going to learn as you get older. You're going to -- you've seen a lot already for your age. Per age, I would say, per year spent, you've seen as much as anybody.

Donald Trump: But Justin Trudeau is -- I get along with him very well, actually, but he seems to be going very progressive, and the people of Canada are not liking it. I mean, if they had a good conservative person, which maybe they do, maybe they don't, I don't know, but somebody that's a strong conservative would -- would win in Canada.

Donald Trump: Canada is very unhappy about the way they've been treated as people. But I get along with him well. Now, this man, I really got along with well. We had little rocket man. We had the red button. He said, "I have a red button on my desk." And I said, "No, I have a red button, too, and mine's -- mine's bigger than yours, and mine work." It was -- it was a really bad month and a half.

Donald Trump: You know, he was very, very tough on President Obama.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Very tough on everybody. You know, it's the hermit nation, and it really is. I mean, it's a -- I said to him, "Do you know Elton John?" "No, no, no." I said, "Did you ever hear the song "Rocket Man"?" And I actually played him the song "Rocket Man." He said, "No, I've never heard it." I said, "You're a rocket man." He said, "No, you call me little rocket man, not rocket man." But I tell you what, so we had a very nasty two months.

Donald Trump: People were actually worried about it because it could have been dangerous. But President Obama told me that this was the single biggest threat to the United States. It was Kim Jong Un of North Korea. And one day, I got a call from people that wanted to see me about him, and he wanted to meet. He did not want to meet with Obama.

Donald Trump: He did not want to meet with anybody. He got tremendous nuclear capability. He does. And we've checked that closely, and he does. I got to know him very well, and I got along with him great. He's very smart. He's very strong. He's the absolute leader. You know, a lot of people say, "Oh, maybe he's not the leader." He's the absolute.

Donald Trump: When he's around, his people are standing up at attention. I've never seen -- we were at a lunch, and they had 20 people on his side and 20 people on mine, you know, looking at each other.

Adin Ross: Right.

Donald Trump: In Singapore. We had a meeting in Singapore. It was the biggest press conference I've ever had. There were thousands of paparazzi. I've never seen anything like it. I think people said they've never seen anything like it. I was walking in. He was walking in. We met in the middle, remember?

Adin Ross: Yeah, of course.

Donald Trump: The place just went crazy. But we got along very well. He's very, very smart, and, you know, he's -- he's a real power. He's a real power. I think he's upset that I'm not there. Nothing would have happened with him. We would have gotten along with him fine. I was trying to get him to do -- you know, his -- his country is -- you talk about location.

Donald Trump: I'm a real estate guy. He's right between, think of this, Russia, China, one side; and South Korea on the other. I said you have a great piece of real estate. You could make so much. You could have gorgeous things. I said to him, "Think about gorgeous condos going up on your shore." He's got a lot of ocean.

Donald Trump: He's got ocean frontage on both sides, right? But I got along with him great, and we would have had no problem with them. Now, he's getting very angry with us, and he's getting very angry with -- I understand he doesn't like her. He doesn't know her, but he forms opinions, and he doesn't like her. And he thought that Biden was a stupid man, a very stupid man.

Donald Trump: He would say that. But I say the same thing, so at least we agree on something. But Biden is -- they really have hurt our country. These people have hurt our country. Kim Jong Un was great for -- for -- as long as he was there -- as long as I was there, there was going to be no problem. That I can tell you.

Donald Trump: We met in Singapore. I got to know him so well. And, you know, I always say that we have enemies from within and we have enemies on the outside. So, he would be considered, I guess, an enemy. I think he would be absolutely fine. China, the same thing. I always say, if you have a smart president, you don't have a problem with the outside.

Donald Trump: But you still will have a problem with the inside because these people are sick. They're sick. And the people -- the people from the inside, I mean, they're willing to take down our country. It's -- it's incredible. When I look at guys like Adam Shifty Schiff, he's such a bad guy, such a liar with the Russia, Russia, Russia hoax.

Donald Trump: It was a total hoax. It went on for two and a half years, and total exoneration. Nothing to do with Russia. The opposite, I was the worst thing that ever happened to Russia because I stopped the pipeline, the Russia pipeline. It's called Nord Stream 2. Nobody ever heard of Nord Stream 2. But, you know, it was just two years of this stuff.

Donald Trump: And actually putting our country in danger because you put your -- your country in danger with another country. They made up a hoax. It was made up by Hillary and Adam Shifty Schiff and some of these people about Russia. And they did it, actually, as an excuse for her to lose the election.

Adin Ross: Wow.

Donald Trump: So, they said, "Why did you lose?" She was expected to win. She didn't win at all. I won all those states that people thought she was going to win. She didn't campaign hard enough. Maybe, I don't know. Maybe she did, maybe she didn't. All I know is we have stadiums with 50,000, 70,000 people. She'd go and she'd have 150 people.

Donald Trump: And I used to say, "Why am I going to lose Michigan if I have 75,000 people and she has 100? Why am I going to lose that?" I turned out to be right. We won states that hadn't been won by Republicans for decades, and it was an amazing thing. But getting along with these people is really -- getting along with the foreign leaders, if you're smart, our country is safe.

Donald Trump: If you're stupid -- and that's the problem. We have stupid people there now, and those people are very dangerous right now. Right now, you know, I'm hearing there's going to be an attack tonight by Iran of Israel. They're going to be attacked tonight. I'm telling you right now. I hear it just through the same waves.

Donald Trump: There's no top-secret information or anything.

Adin Ross: Right.

Donald Trump: But I hear that Israel is going to be attacked tonight. If I were president, nobody would even be talking about that word because it wouldn't happen 100 percent. And it's so -- but when you have Pelosi and when you have Schiff and you have all these people, I mean, when you have people like Schumer, you have all these people, these people are a danger to our country.

Donald Trump: And they get a guy like Biden -- and he's just a vessel. He has no idea where the hell he is. He's their perfect vessel because he'll do anything that they want him to do.

Adin Ross: Right.

Donald Trump: So, we really have dangerous people. They go after their political opponent like me. I mean, me being especially. I mean, they've used law enforcement to go after me. They've come at me with everything. We just won the big case in Florida. You saw that. That was the big case. That was the biggest of the cases, and we won that conclusively.

Donald Trump: We had a brilliant and very fair judge. I mean, you know, if I have fair judges, I'd win every case. But we -- they put you in cases where the judges are totally corrupt where -- like in New York, where the whole legal system is actually bringing down the state and bringing down the city because the corruption is so bad.

Donald Trump: But we -- we have to solve the problem from within. The problem on the outside, if you have somebody smart, is -- you can handle it easily, actually. But the problem from within, we have people that truly hate our country. We have to -- we have to solve that problem.

Adin Ross: I want to -- I want to get this right with what I'm about to say because you -- you had said something about crooked people. And, you know, I want to say -- you know, I want to get this right, that's why I'm pulling out my phone. You know, the same DA, you know, Fani Willis.

Donald Trump: Right. Fani Willis. She goes --

Adin Ross: She treated you very unfairly.

Donald Trump: She goes by the name of Fani. Even though it's F-A-N-I, she wants to pronounce Fani. She's a little -- little French --

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Little French accent. And her lover -- and her lover, Wade, right?

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Mr. and Mrs. Wade.

Adin Ross: Would you say she's very unfair?

Donald Trump: Well, not only to me, there are many people. She wanted to indict a senator -- a couple of senators, I understand, that didn't even -- that had nothing to do with it.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: You know, there are many people. And this has taken place in Georgia. Georgia is phenomenal. Georgia is a great -- I love the people of Georgia. I've done great with the people of Georgia.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Alabama, South Carolina, North Carolina. But Georgia is so good, and she's destroying it. And the governor should do something about it because, look, these are innocent people. These are patriots. They complained about an unfair election.

Adin Ross: Right.

Donald Trump: And they want to put them in jail for the rest of their lives.

Adin Ross: Right.

Donald Trump: Hillary Clinton still complains. Stacey Abrams from Georgia complains -- constantly complains that she won the election. She said she won it twice, and she constantly complains about it. Nothing happened to her. We have two tiers of justice in our country, and, you know, they use that on me, and my numbers went up. And I think I'm the first one that can say that.

Donald Trump: The numbers don't go up when that happens.

Adin Ross: No.

Donald Trump: But they have with me because --

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I have a platform, a platform like being with you today.

Adin Ross: Of course.

Donald Trump: I can talk about how unfair it is. It's terrible. You complain about an election, they want to put you in jail.

Adin Ross: Right.

Donald Trump: It's not even thinkable. But they've weaponized the government. This is Biden, the people that surround him -- the people that surround him in the -- the beautiful -- they have a desk, Resolute Desk, it's incredible, in the Oval Office. The people that surround the Resolute Desk, what they are is a real danger to our country.

Donald Trump: I will tell you that. I'm not even sure if Biden has any idea what's going on.

Adin Ross: Right.

Donald Trump: He's perfect for them because he'll do -- they are running the country, and Biden doesn't have a clue. He just wants to go home and go to sleep.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: He should have never -- he should have never been president.

Adin Ross: One second, I was just going to switch this. So -- so, I know Fani -- Fani Willis is treating you very unfair. I have a friend who's currently being treated unfair by -- by her. He's a rapper named Young Thug.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Adin Ross: And I was just --

Donald Trump: I heard that, actually.

Adin Ross: Yeah. I just -- I just was wondering if there's a way that we can make sure he gets treated fair. That's all.

Donald Trump: Yes. So, I've heard about him, and I heard he's being treated very unfairly by her.

Adin Ross: Very unfairly, yeah.

Donald Trump: And I would tell her, he's -- she's got to treat these patriots that are being all -- terrible. They're going after him. And I hear Young Thug is being treated -- I heard the name.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I heard it from other people where they say he's being treated very unfairly.

Adin Ross: Very unfair.

Donald Trump: So, he's got to be treated fairly.

Adin Ross: Please. Thank you for that. So, let's -- let's see who we got next on the -- a couple -- we have a couple more people left.

Donald Trump: OK.

Adin Ross: We got some -- hopefully some good ones as well.

Donald Trump: So, he was very good with me because when they were doing the Russia hoax, they said I did something with him on a phone call. And basically, I congratulated him on his winning the presidency.

Adin Ross: Right.

Donald Trump: And said some other things, which were -- turned out to be perfect -- better than perfect. If he sees any corruption, please report it to the attorney general of the United States, which we have an agreement with the country. We have actually a signed contract with them, a very important one, that -- because Ukraine has always been known as very corrupt.

Donald Trump: I don't know if you know that. It has been a very corrupt country. I think the people are great, but it's been very corrupt. And I said, "If you find any corruption in the country, you should report it immediately to the attorney general." That was -- I did say that, and it was a very good thing to say. It turned out I was 100 percent right in saying it. So, they made up a phone call.

Donald Trump: But fortunately, the phone was essentially taped. The call was essentially taped. I didn't know this, but a lot of times, when you're talking to foreign leaders, they have tapes or they have stenographers. And we had two professional really great military stenographers, so every word. So, when they said I did these things, they said no, I didn't. And then I said, "Was that taped or did they have the stenographers?" The answer was yes.

Donald Trump: And they got all the way down the line to impeach me. They wanted to impeach me over this phone call, a single phone call. And I knew that I had them because I had the tape or the stenographers, everything, perfect, every word we said. And then they did the impeachment. And just before that, because I remember, Nancy Pelosi was crazy.

Donald Trump: We can't impeach him. Look at what the phone call was. She saw the phone call.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And then they decided, "Well, let's do it anyway." Can you believe how bad these people are? Let's do it anyway because they had the phone call.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It was -- that's where Tim Scott, a great guy from South -- a senator from South Carolina. He said, "Wait a minute, I've just read the phone call. That phone call was --" He was the first one to speak up, Tim Scott of South Carolina. Then Republican senators spoke up. And they were great. I mean, you know, there was great -- of course, the only one was Mitt Romney, you know, real stiff, a real stiff, and he couldn't get elected dog catcher right now.

Donald Trump: But -- although -- and he actually voted -- he actually only took half a vote away, but everybody else voted for me 100 percent unanimous with the Republicans. And it was fine. But what they did was they made up a call, and then when they found out that I had it essentially on tape, they looked really bad and they had a decision to make, do they pull it? And she said, "No, we shouldn't be doing this, but let's go ahead with it anyway." I did nothing wrong.

Donald Trump: So, you have to be careful. So, let me just say about him.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: So, when they called him and they asked him, "Did President Trump say anything that was inappropriate or wrong?" He said, "Absolutely not. It was a very nice phone call. There was nothing unusual about it at all." And he could have grandstand it. He could have said well, you know, and he didn't say that.

Donald Trump: So, I respect him. I think that I will be able to make a deal with him and Vladimir Putin very quickly.

Adin Ross: That's great.

Donald Trump: Even though it would have been a lot easier before this war started, and you wouldn't have half a million people or maybe much more than that. I think it's -- I think you're going to find that the number of people dead is far greater than what they're saying.

Adin Ross: It's horrible.

Donald Trump: That's a really nasty -- it's a nasty thing going on over there. But I think I will be able to get him and Putin together, and we'll get it ended. It would have never started if I were president. We -- it had no chance of starting. You know, I knew Putin very well.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I know him very well. And it was the apple of his eye. Ukraine was the apple of his eye. He did love it. He did want it, but he knew he couldn't do it. He wouldn't -- he would not. He knew he could not do it. He would have never done it if I was president. And now, when you look at all of the death and all of the destruction, even of their culture, because those cities are wiped to the ground, you know, most of the cities.

Adin Ross: Horrible.

Donald Trump: Outside of Kyiv, most of those cities are wiped down to the ground. And it's so sad. And when those buildings come down, there are plenty of people in them. You know, people think those buildings don't have people. They have a lot of people in those buildings that don't want to leave, and those buildings come down.

Donald Trump: They're big buildings, big heavy buildings, and they come down, and those -- the people are crushed -- instantly, they're crushed.

Adin Ross: Horrible.

Donald Trump: Missiles hit them. So, I'll get it, but it could have been so -- I mean, if the election weren't rigged -- let me tell you something. If the election weren't rigged, we wouldn't have had Ukraine and Russia, we wouldn't have had the attack on Israel, and Israel would, right now, not be fighting. There would be no problem.

Donald Trump: And we wouldn't have had that horrible embarrassment of Afghanistan, where we gave them $85 billion worth of equipment and we lost 13 soldiers, many injured, many bad -- you know, nobody talks about the ones that don't have arms and legs and their faces wiped out. But none of that would have happened. And inflation wouldn't have happened because inflation was all started by their stupid energy policy.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: These people are incompetent. And I'm -- I tell you what, I worry about the next five months, even after the election. You know, they're there for two months after the election. I worry that bad things can happen in five months because --

Adin Ross: Wow.

Donald Trump: These -- these people that are there, and they're running our country, are grossly incompetent.

Adin Ross: Gotcha. I wanted to touch base real quick on the inflation thing. So, you know, I know -- I saw you when you went to go speak in Nashville. You talked about crypto. You said that crypto can help with debt. You know, you mentioned that it's somewhat like gold. Do you think that, you know, if -- when you get back in office, you would still fully support crypto?

Adin Ross: And, you know, I just saw that the US government, ever since you spoke about it, they're selling crypto. They're selling it. So, would you -- would you -- how -- what would you do if you were in office with crypto?

Donald Trump: It's something they shouldn't be doing because they should be trying to build it. So, if we don't do it, China is doing it, other places are doing it, and they're doing it anyway.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And it's a very modern currency. It's a very modern form. And I know a lot of very good people that are really into that world and into that market. They're smart, they're good people, and they think it's going to be very beneficial. And remember this, though, it's very important, it's like AI. Do you love it? Do you not like it? If we don't do it, China is going to do it.

Adin Ross: Of course.

Donald Trump: Or other people are going to do it.

Adin Ross: Yeah. Yeah.

Donald Trump: And we can't be left behind. And crypto is right in that sphere. And it is a form of currency. And again, China is already doing it. But if we don't do it, they're going to do it. AI is something that's really at the top of the list.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And there are pros and cons to everything, but China is trying to do everything. Yeah. And we've got to beat them to the punch.

Adin Ross: I would love to see you and Elon, you know, get together and talk about AI together. I think it's really, really important because, you know, Elon, with what he's -- with what he's doing, and then obviously you, you guys can really come together, maybe try to find some solutions for AI because it is getting out of hand.

Adin Ross: You see a bunch of fake stuff.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Adin Ross: It's really getting crazy.

Donald Trump: It's -- you know, one thing about AI that's interesting is, and who would believe this, to really be at the top of it and to dominate -- because China is very much into the artificial intelligence, right?

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Even the name is sort of a weird name because artificial intelligence sounds like -- it's not really a very good name when you think about it's artificial. It says like fake intelligence, right, but regardless. So, you need massive amounts of electricity to be able to compete. Did you know that, electricity?

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And if you don't build twice the amount of electricity that the country currently has -- now, think of that number. You need more electricity than the country has for everything times two. Now, think. So, nobody's going to be able to get that done but me. I'm the only one because you're going to have to build power plants at every plant.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: You're going to have to have a power plant for every plant.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's all electricity-based. It's amazing. You need massive amounts of electricity. In the meantime, they built eight chargers in the Middle West for cars because we shouldn't have, obviously, all-electric. You know they have this electric car mandate. And they don't go far. They cost a lot. They're going to be made in China.

Donald Trump: And under Biden, he wants everybody to drive an electric. No more gas-propelled cars, no more hybrids, no more anything. Think of it, how crazy. And you can drive a car from here to Los Angeles on a tank of gas. Same thing with trucks. They want trucks to go electric. They'd have to make six stops to get to Los Angeles.

Donald Trump: With diesel, they don't have to make any stops, and they have left over, and the truck gets lighter as you go. You know, one of the problems with that is the weight. The weight of the batteries is so heavy. It's two and a half times heavier than a truck without -- you know, with diesel. And you would have to rebuild all of your bridges all throughout the country.

Donald Trump: And I asked, the trucking industry supports me because of this. I mean, they probably like me, but they support me because of this because they're not going to have an industry. I said when you explain that you're going to have to rebuild all of your bridges in the country, when you explain that to the -- to the government officials that come and harass you, don't they say, "Oh, I see.

Donald Trump: Well, then it doesn't work." Just that one thing, it doesn't work. When you explain to them that you have to stop six times for four hours of stop and you talk about a supply chain problem, right? But I said when you explain that to people, just tell me, do they say, "Oh, then we can't really do it," because, you know, it makes sense.

Donald Trump: We can't do it.

Adin Ross: Of course. Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's all right. You could have a child go into a meeting, and within one minute or two minutes, they would convince you that it doesn't work. Maybe sometime, but I think it's -- it's -- it's essentially never going to work. In my opinion, it will never work because you're always going to have a weight problem.

Donald Trump: You're always going to have -- it's never going to be the same kind of a thing where you can drive for two days without stopping. It's just not going to happen that way. And I said, "What do they say when you go in and explain this?" They don't care. They say, "We don't care. We want you to go electric." And one gentleman, the biggest guy in the business, he said to me, "All my life, I've been buying trucks.

Donald Trump: For 50 years, I've been buying trucks. And every year, they got better, bigger, stronger, more beautiful. Every year for 50 years, they became more efficient, more fuel efficient, better pollution control, everything. And if they make us do that, we'll go back 50 years more than that." He said a truck 50 years ago would have been better than what they're making us use right now.

Donald Trump: And I say, when you explain that, do they do anything? They sit there, they look, and they say, "We don't care. That's our mandate. You have to go all-electric." These people are going to destroy our country. We can't let them do it.

Adin Ross: Horrible. Horrible. Mr. President, I know you're -- you're very busy. It's already 2:15. How much time would you say we have because I do want to give you this -- this last gift?

Donald Trump: Well, let's go do the last gift.

Adin Ross: Let's go do it. Let's go do it.

Donald Trump: So far, I like the gift you gave me.

Adin Ross: That. Well, you're going to like this other one, too. Hold on one second here. I actually closed that out. Wait, let me go full screen real quick. You go full screen on the OBS? And then you should have the live view or the [Inaudible] The last gift [Inaudible] You're killing it. You've been killing it.

Donald Trump: It's great stuff. I don't know if I have enough time [Inaudible] [Applause]

Adin Ross: All right. So -- so this next clip is outside.

Donald Trump: OK. Let's go.

Adin Ross: Let's go.

Donald Trump: Let's go.

Adin Ross: Come on.

Donald Trump: Sounds good. [Applause]

Unidentified: She loves -- loves you.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] Thank you very much.

Unidentified: Since day one.

Donald Trump: Really? Day one?

Unidentified: Yes.

Donald Trump: We love her.

Unidentified: She's your biggest fan.

Donald Trump: She's doing good. She's a young woman.

Unidentified: Please -- please get a picture with her. [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Yes. Can I do that?

Adin Ross: Yeah, of course.

Donald Trump: Can I take -- come on. Let's do it.

Unidentified: Somebody take a picture.

Adin Ross: I'll take you. I got you, guys.

Donald Trump: You stay right there. We're going to take a good one.

Unidentified: Please.

Adin Ross: I'll take a great one.

Unidentified: Thank you so much.

Adin Ross: I got some good ones. [Applause]

Unidentified: Thank you. Thank you so much.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] I think so.

Unidentified: No, she -- she -- yes, she does.

Donald Trump: I bet she does.

Unidentified: You're looking at [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: She's probably tougher than I am. Have a good time, everybody.

Unidentified: Thank you.

Donald Trump: See you in a minute. [Applause]

Unidentified: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Let's go outside.

Adin Ross: So, what's your good side? Where do you like walking -- on what side you like walking on?

Donald Trump: It doesn't matter.

Adin Ross: Yeah, you look good from both sides. Yeah, it doesn't really matter at all. X, come on outside with that truck.

Felix Lengyel: Come on?

Adin Ross: Yeah. By the way, do you like my buddy Felix's shirt?

Donald Trump: I love that shirt.

Adin Ross: Felix, by the way, Mr. Trump.

Donald Trump: That's fantastic. Wow.

Felix Lengyel: Yeah, you got the grills on.

Donald Trump: I like that. Hey. I know. That's what I noticed. I noticed the grill.

Felix Lengyel: Nice meeting you, Mr. Trump.

Donald Trump: Nice to see you. Thank you. Congratulations.

Adin Ross: All right. Well, you could already see the gift.

Donald Trump: Yeah, I can. Wow.

Adin Ross: You can't miss it.

Donald Trump: That's an Elon.

Adin Ross: It is an Elon.

Donald Trump: Wow.

Adin Ross: Shout out to Mr. Musk.

Donald Trump: That's beautiful. That is beautiful.

Adin Ross: I'm going to close the -- the door really quick. Just I want to show him the wrap.

Unidentified: Sure.

Adin Ross: Check out this wrap, and let me know your honest thoughts.

Donald Trump: I -- I think it's incredible. I think it's incredible.

Felix Lengyel: Want to see the front?

Donald Trump: See, you know what they did? AI. What Google did is they took -- or they let it happen. See the Secret Service agents?

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: They're angry, and they're -- they put smiles on their faces.

Adin Ross: Right.

Donald Trump: You heard about that?

Adin Ross: Yeah. No, no, I --

Donald Trump: That's just terrible.

Adin Ross: Yeah, I know. But that's how easy it is to manipulate everything.

Donald Trump: It's a little bit scary.

Adin Ross: Yeah, it is. It's very scary. We need -- we need like a system where we can quickly fact-check things and see if it's real and authentic.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And right now, they don't have that.

Adin Ross: No, they don't.

Donald Trump: That's the problem.

Adin Ross: So, I know we're not going to drive anywhere, but I was wondering if you wanted to like listen to like a song in here.

Donald Trump: Let's go. Let's go.

Adin Ross: All right. Cool. That's how you open it up.

Donald Trump: It is incredible.

Adin Ross: Yeah, it is.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible]

Adin Ross: I'll -- I'll get on the other side.

Donald Trump: You're [Inaudible] again.

Unidentified: OK. Adin, so -- bottom line.

Adin Ross: Bottom. This?

Unidentified: Yeah.

Adin Ross: It says timeout started.

Unidentified: OK.

Adin Ross: Let me just try this one more time.

Unidentified: Is it hooked up to the Wi-Fi?

Adin Ross: It should be. Yeah, I think we're live. Let's see.

Donald Trump: That's good.

Adin Ross: We'll know in a second if we're live right now. Let me know if we got a live on the chat. We good? We back? We're good? Oh, we're good. All right. Now, this is cool.

Donald Trump: It's very good.

Adin Ross: I've never even seen you in a car before.

Donald Trump: Wow. Not too many. That's -- That's -- look at the -- look at the playlist, huh?

Adin Ross: This is your playlist.

Donald Trump: It's a good -- yeah.

Adin Ross: Your team picked it out.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Adin Ross: You want to pick a song? Let's test out the sound system.

Donald Trump: OK. Let's -- let's try it. And -- and, you know, some of the artists I like better than others, but I like the other song better. So, it's very -- always --

Adin Ross: Who's like your top three artists?

Donald Trump: Well, we love Frank Sinatra, right?

Adin Ross: Of course.

Donald Trump: And, you know, there's a couple that I really like, but I don't like the people, so I -- I don't want to really mention their name. But look at -- look at this list as an example. So, it's such a great list. Aren't The Beatles always good?

Adin Ross: Come on. They're the best.

Donald Trump: The Rolling Stones are always good.

Adin Ross: Choose one. Let's -- let's --

Donald Trump: We'll do that.

Adin Ross: You got to choose --

Donald Trump: So, let's you choose --

Adin Ross: Choose what you like to choose. You just type like this.

Donald Trump: Let's -- oh, yeah, yeah. That's -- that's fantastic. How about -- and we like The Beach Boys. We always like The Beach Boys.

Adin Ross: We do like The Beach Boys. Who doesn't like The Beach Boys? How about if we did the following? How about -- I'm thinking that it's going to come back under proper management. How about "California Dreamin'?" Let's do it.

Donald Trump: It's good.

Adin Ross: Here we go. Let's test this thing out. All right. All right, Elon, let's see about -- let's see how good the system is.

Donald Trump: That's a good-looking system.

Adin Ross: It is, right? All right. Now, Spotify is glitching.

Donald Trump: You may have --

Adin Ross: Hold on.

Donald Trump: That's good.

Adin Ross: This is nice.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] This is a great system. He's -- he's unbelievable.

Adin Ross: He's great.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible]

Adin Ross: What do you think of the sound system? You like the sound system?

Donald Trump: I think it's great. Now, let's try The Beach Boys.

Adin Ross: Beach Boys.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible]

Adin Ross: Let's do it.

Donald Trump: This is another good [Inaudible]

Adin Ross: They're so nice.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] like this.

Adin Ross: Music back then just got way better than now, though. Like --

Donald Trump: [Inaudible]

Adin Ross: They're like legends.

Donald Trump: Honestly, it's better.

Adin Ross: It is.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible]

Adin Ross: Beach Boys, Beatles, come on. You can't get better than that.

Donald Trump: How about Elvis? Let's try Elvis. No, you can't beat him.

Adin Ross: No, you can't beat Elvis.

Donald Trump: How does he get better [Inaudible]

Adin Ross: He's a real [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: [Inaudible]

Adin Ross: Can I choose one?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Adin Ross: This is all your playlist? Come on, you can't get wrong with that stuff. Come on. MJ.

Donald Trump: I knew him well.

Adin Ross: You knew him well?

Donald Trump: Yeah. He was a very good guy, very good guy. Michael Jackson, the most talented person.

Adin Ross: Man, he could do everything. Performer, too.

Donald Trump: He's -- the great ballet dancers couldn't learn the moonwalk like he does. They told me. They would say, "We cannot do it."

Adin Ross: He was just talented.

Donald Trump: Unbelievable. Most unbelievable.

Adin Ross: Well, the system is great, but I do want to say one thing else. I do want to say one thing. This is, by far, the best livestream I've ever done. I want to say thank you.

Donald Trump: Well, it's an honor.

Adin Ross: And --

Donald Trump: It's an honor.

Adin Ross: I do want to say -- I do want to do a little victory dance with you.

Donald Trump: OK.

Adin Ross: I want to -- I want to step out the car, blast the music and dance because I just had the best stream ever. You were right. You called it right before. What did you -- you called me in the room and you said, "Watch, we're going to have the most hits ever. Watch."

Donald Trump: I think you will. And do you know what the hits are yet? Do you know?

Adin Ross: No.

Donald Trump: Have you been able to tell?

Adin Ross: I want to --

Donald Trump: When will you know?

Adin Ross: We crashed multiple times.

Donald Trump: I think you'll crash it.

Adin Ross: I think we're going to see -- I'm going to get all the analytics, the real live view count, everything.

Donald Trump: Well, you let me know, but I think you'll have the biggest show. You know, Nelk had, by far, their biggest show.

Adin Ross: I know. And that was -- I hated it when YouTube took them down.

Donald Trump: So, they had 7.5 million hits in like an hour, and then they were taken down. And I told them they'd be taken down.

Adin Ross: And they still left it up.

Donald Trump: They were great. No, no, they left, but I said YouTube or whoever it was took them down.

Adin Ross: Right.

Donald Trump: And I said that would happen. And I said, "So, let me ask you, if that happens, are you going to fold?" They said no, and they never did. But they were taken down, but they had 7.5 million in a very short period.

Adin Ross: Wow, that's crazy. I just seen, somebody said with all the pages, you know, all the pages, all the people live rewatching us --

Donald Trump: Right.

Adin Ross: We had over a million. We -- we hit over a million live, which is amazing.

Donald Trump: You're going to have a lot.

Adin Ross: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I hope you're going to break your record by a lot, and I think you will, for whatever reason. I mean, I won't get into that, but for whatever reason, people seem to like watching. I will say it's an honor to be with you, too.

Adin Ross: Thank you.

Donald Trump: You're a young guy that's got an amazing -- maybe someday you'll run for president.

Adin Ross: I don't know about that. I'll leave it to Barron maybe one day.

Donald Trump: Barron.

Adin Ross: But I would love to help Barron, you know, when it comes to -- you know, we need you back in office, man. Let's -- let's -- let's hit this dance. I also --

Donald Trump: How about this song by Elvis?

Adin Ross: Elvis. No, "Don't" is a great song great.

Donald Trump: Right. You know what "Don't" was?

Adin Ross: What?

Donald Trump: He was -- he had the greatest songs of people that left him. It was don't -- don't leave him.

Adin Ross: That's kind of sad.

Donald Trump: Yeah, it's sad. Hurt, the same. He had a sad little life going on there.

Adin Ross: Yeah, that's kind of sad.

Donald Trump: But he was Elvis.

Adin Ross: True. At the end of the day, he's Elvis.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] He was great. What a voice. You like that?

Adin Ross: Great voice.

Donald Trump: It's a great system.

Adin Ross: Elon, you did good.

Donald Trump: Elon, you're great. I don't know if you're seeing this [Inaudible] but you're really good.

Adin Ross: I think Kamala Harris is in here. Do you want to say anything to her?

Donald Trump: Sure. Sure.

Adin Ross: I'm kidding. She's not really in here.

Donald Trump: I don't mind. I'll -- I'll speak --

Adin Ross: You still want to go?

Donald Trump: [Inaudible]

Adin Ross: Let it fly.

Donald Trump: She's got to save the country, but it's not going to happen. They're not going to be able to do it. They're not going to be able to come close. That's great. Great to be with you.

Adin Ross: It's great. It's great. I want to -- I just want to --

Donald Trump: What's a good one?

Adin Ross: The YMCA, man. That's --

Donald Trump: Yeah, YMCA is the best.

Adin Ross: That's the best one.

Donald Trump: Best one.

Adin Ross: The outro out. You know what I mean?

Donald Trump: Right here.

Adin Ross: No, I think -- is it this one?

Donald Trump: Yeah [Inaudible]

Adin Ross: Let's hop out of the car.

Donald Trump: Let's go.

Unidentified: [Inaudible]

Adin Ross: What?

Unidentified: Hand me the --

Adin Ross: [Inaudible] It's pretty good, huh? Where's the camera at?

Donald Trump: I tell you about TikTok. Trump is going to keep TikTok going. Whereas Biden and Harris, they have no idea what it means. And all it's going to do is be good for China the other way. It's no good. We're going to keep -- we're going to save TikTok. They want to destroy TikTok. So, all of the people on TikTok, vote for Trump.

Adin Ross: Vote for Trump. An amazing stream. Ws in the chat. Any -- any last words to end the stream?

Donald Trump: No, I just want to make sure you break your record. If you don't break your record, I'll be disappointed, but I think [Inaudible]

Adin Ross: I think you broke it. Thank you, Mr. President. We can end that.