Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-laura-ingraham-fox-news-ingraham-angle-july-29-2024

Laura Ingraham: Moments ago, I sat down with former President Trump for a wide-ranging interview, telling me things that he has never told anyone in an interview before. Enjoy. Mr. President, first, I would like to say a belated congratulations for retiring Joe Biden, at least from the campaign.

Donald Trump: Yep.

Laura Ingraham: And now, the polls are coming out for his replacement after a whirlwind positive press for Kamala Harris. But the RealClearPolitics average shows you up at about 1.75 percent -- seven percent over her. But before the debate, Biden was 1.5 points behind. So, you've actually slightly grown your lead on the national poll.

Laura Ingraham: So, how do you keep Republicans positive and not buying into kind of the negative publicity that they're saying?

Donald Trump: I think she's a worse candidate than him. She's far more radical left. She is younger. I mean, she's 60 years old. A lot of people -- I didn't realize she was 60. I thought she was a little younger, but she's 60. She is talking a big game, but her game is pretty bad. I mean, she was the border czar. She's trying to pretend that she wasn't. You know, it's an amazing thing that's happened, too, because we talk about the fake news and the fake news media.

Donald Trump: It's very hard to find an article now that talks about border czar, but we have them all. You know, we -- we copied them a long time ago.

Laura Ingraham: But they're saying it's an evolution, Mr. President, that, yes, she, you know, was more progressive in 2020, but that she's moved to the middle on a number of these issues. And they're making a concerted effort to show kind of a new Kamala, a Kamala 2. 0.

Donald Trump: In politics, when you start off saying something, that's where you are. And she was for defund the police. She was for open borders. She was for having anybody come in. Now, I notice that they're actually saying they want to have immunity for everybody that came into the country. And they want to have citizenship.

Donald Trump: They want --

Laura Ingraham: She said that, and she said that she knows that Kamala Harris -- she assumes Kamala Harris would support that. That means citizenship for 10 million --

Donald Trump: Everybody.

Laura Ingraham: Fifteen million, 20 million.

Donald Trump: Or 20, yeah. Or 20 million.

Laura Ingraham: What would that do to the country?

Donald Trump: Destroy the country. It's already -- I mean, it's in such bad shape. Our country has never been in a position like this. In addition to which we could end up in a Third World War, OK? But we have 20 million people that have come into the country. I would say by now, it's 20. It's probably going over that number.

Donald Trump: We have another four months to go, but really it's another five months, five and a half months to go. So, that number is going to increase very substantially. They're pouring in, and they're coming from prisons. They're coming from mental institutions, insane asylums. I always say that's a step above a mental institution.

Donald Trump: And we have record number of terrorists coming into our country, and only bad things are going to happen. Nothing good is going to come out of it.

Laura Ingraham: A big news today is President Biden announcing reforms to the Supreme Court, which include not allowing immunity from -- for presidents and also ethics, new ethics rules. Now, a lot of us who used to clerk at the court believe that that's just a naked attempt to start knocking off conservative justices.

Donald Trump: It is.

Laura Ingraham: They didn't even consult Dick Durbin or the Senate Judiciary Committee on any aspect of this. What does this mean to you, what Biden is --

Donald Trump: Well, it's a typical Biden con. He doesn't want to give up immunity because if he didn't have immunity -- look at all the things he did. The $3.5 million from Russia, all the money he's taken in from China, all of the bad things and the evil things he -- he's done, not to mention that thousands of people killed in the border.

Donald Trump: Look at the Afghanistan pullout with the worst, most embarrassing day in the history of our country. All of the things he's done that are so bad, he desperately wants immunity. There's no way he would write off immunity for a president.

Laura Ingraham: But this is a really upending of our constitutional structure.

Donald Trump: Yeah. He's doing that.

Laura Ingraham: And a common criticism of you from the left is he's the chaos candidate. He's the chaos former president.

Donald Trump: No. Just the opposite.

Laura Ingraham: And so, what does that do to separation of powers if the executive branch can come along and say, Oh, no, no. Even though we have constitutional provisions governing the court, that we're just going to do this or this is what we stand for?

Donald Trump: It's going nowhere. They need 75 percent, and it's going nowhere. He can't get it. He knows that, too. It's just -- I think, look.

Laura Ingraham: Is it a bone to the left -- the hard left?

Donald Trump: They staged a coup against the president of the United States. They went in, and they told him, you're leaving. You're way down in the polls, 17 points, I think. You know, it's like you're in a fight with somebody and you're really winning, and they take him out and they put somebody else in. Nobody ever heard of this before.

Donald Trump: This is a coup. They took him. They said, even though you got 14 million votes, you're out. And he said, I'm not going out.

Laura Ingraham: But you're saying that's what they're kind of doing with the court as well?

Donald Trump: No. What they're -- what they're doing is they're keeping -- they took him out. He was losing badly. They took him out. He wants something to say. He's sitting there with nothing to do, nobody to talk to. They threw him out. This was a coup, the first one, of the president of the United States.

Laura Ingraham: But Harris endorsed this Supreme Court proposal.

Donald Trump: They said you're leaving.

Laura Ingraham: She endorsed this Supreme Court proposal.

Donald Trump: Oh, yeah. She did. She's a radical left.

Laura Ingraham: Every two years, this is going to change justices?

Donald Trump: Well, they're also -- the one thing you didn't say, they want to pack the court. What they really want to do more than any of it is pack the court. They want to put in, so I've heard, as many as 27. They've gotten up to 27.

Laura Ingraham: That's not in this proposal, but this is a response to their losing on a number of high profile cases. I mean, not every case has gone your way or Republicans' ways. Did Republicans ever put forward a series of these types of radical proposals? I don't recall.

Donald Trump: They have intended to, and we've been behind also. We've been behind injustices, and they don't do this. Actually, FDR did it a long time ago, which was interesting, but it hasn't really happened like this. It's never going to happen. I'll tell you. If -- if I'm president, it doesn't happen. We keep it the way it is and that's -- it's been working very well for a long period of time.

Donald Trump: I mean, basically, they want to create another Congress. They want to have so many people. Let's just go do another Congress.

Laura Ingraham: I haven't seen you since the assassination attempt on your life. How -- how are you feeling? How are you doing?

Donald Trump: Good. I feel good.

Laura Ingraham: New information keeps coming out about how this could have occurred, including text messages among some of the local law enforcement, the SWAT teams that were in place.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Laura Ingraham: And most recently, we found out that a local SWAT team member actually spotted Crooks 90 minutes before that first shot went off. And they kept tracking, and they even saw saw him at one point, maybe 45 minutes before -- a half hour before the shot was fired, with a rangefinder pointing it toward the roof.

Laura Ingraham: What's your reaction to this?

Donald Trump: Look, I can tell you this. Once the bullets started coming at me, and I got very lucky, I -- I really -- I have to attribute it to God because if I didn't turn to the right -- and there was no reason to turn to the right except I dropped a big sign on how what a great job I'm doing on immigration, right?

Donald Trump: So, the sign's coming down, and I go like this. And it went phew. If I didn't, I wouldn't be talking to you right now.

Laura Ingraham: You shouldn't have been on that stage. You shouldn't have been allowed to get on that stage.

Donald Trump: I shouldn't have been. But I just want to say one thing about Secret Service. They were very brave because they were coming, bullets were flying over me because I went down. Bullets were flying, and they were -- they were on top of me. I had a lot of people on top of me, a lot of very big, strong people on top of me, I want to tell you.

Donald Trump: And they were very brave. I have to say that. OK. With that being said, should have been somebody in the roof. There should have been communication with the local police, which there wasn't. So, that's a bad thing. And they were seeing this guy, who's a very disturbed person, and they were seeing him around.

Donald Trump: I mean, it's like -- how about the people, the Trump fans, the Trumpsters, the woman in the red shirt that was screaming, "He's got a gun. That guy's got a gun."

Laura Ingraham: But this information, Mr. President, demonstrates via text messages in real time that they spotted this individual. The local SWAT team member spotted him. They lost track of him. They saw him again, but then we find out there was no pre-planning done between the Secret Service and the local SWAT teams, which is common, which is customary.

Laura Ingraham: In addition to the drone flying ahead.

Donald Trump: No communication. Actually worse. There was no communication. So, they didn't speak to each other. They actually didn't speak. That just came out. Look, it's a terrible thing. Should have been somebody up there. Now, the Secret Service shooter, the Secret Service --

Laura Ingraham: Sniper.

Donald Trump: Sniper, it was amazing what he did with one bullet, he took him out. And that was an amazing shot he made. I heard it was a like an incredible shot, much further away. It would have been good if it was nine seconds sooner. You know, we lost one great person, and two people were very badly hurt. And now, they're doing OK. And we're in communication with them, they're doing pretty good.

Donald Trump: They're doing very good. They were -- I thought they were going to die. I thought both of them were going to die also.

Laura Ingraham: But you agreed to an interview with the FBI as a -- it's called a victim's interview in a situation like this.

Donald Trump: They're coming in on Thursday to see me, and I thought I would. I'm so disappointed. You know, if you took a poll of the FBI, I'll bet I get 95 percent, but not at the top level, not at the people the political people.

Laura Ingraham: Why do people not trust the upper echelon of the FBI at this point?

Donald Trump: Well, they've had a bad period of time. I mean, they raided Mar-a-Lago. That's not so good. And I guess we bring a suit. You know, we won that whole case, and we won it the right way. We run it because we won it. We won it in court. It's a big thing, hardly got any publicity. All they did was talk about the documents.

Donald Trump: I was allowed, the Presidential Records Act. But we won the case, and the press hardly reports it. Now, with Biden, he really was convicted of that case. He was let go of that case. And, by the way, when you're talking about many more, and he didn't have Presidential Records Act. Just one thing, Laura. They said he was incompetent, and therefore, he can't stand trial, and yet he would have been allowed to be president.

Donald Trump: Think of that. So, he sort of semi won it. Of course, you don't want to have that kind of a victory. You win because you're incompetent. But he actually was guilty.

Laura Ingraham: What was Melania's reaction, if you don't mind my asking, I know this is very personal, when she learned about what happened on that field in Butler?

Donald Trump: She was watching.

Laura Ingraham: Oh, she was watching in real time?

Donald Trump: She was watching live. It was all over the place. It was on television. It's on your network, but it was all over the place. And she was watching. I asked her that. I mean, I wasn't there. I was on the ground. And when the world started to like you could talk to people, I said, so what was your feeling? And she was -- she can't really even talk about it.

Laura Ingraham: Traumatized.

Donald Trump: Which is OK because that means she likes me, or she loves me.

Laura Ingraham: No. She still likes you. That's good.

Donald Trump: I mean, let's say she could talk about it freely. That wouldn't be -- I'm not so sure which is better. But she either likes or loves me, and that's nice. But I will say this. Look, she was -- when I went down, she thought the worst had happened because I went down. And I grabbed my -- and I saw it was -- my hand was loaded up with blood.

Donald Trump: You see it in slow motion, instant replay. You know, we had hundreds of press there. So, this was covered live. They would have had instant replay and everything else, which they already do in this. But supposing the worst happened. You know, one man, Corey, was killed, hit horribly.

Laura Ingraham: Comperatore. Amazing man.

Donald Trump: Horribly in the head. And, you know, to guard -- he was guarding his family.

Laura Ingraham: That's why how important it is to get to the bottom of why this was allowed to occur. I mean, he died.

Donald Trump: No. He died.

Laura Ingraham: You almost died.

Donald Trump: He died instantly, instantly. He was dead immediately.

Laura Ingraham: Coming up, Trump responds to widespread social media attacks from the left on his vice presidential nominee. Now, to more of my interview with President Trump. So, you're going back to Butler to finish that speech, to give an another speech.

Donald Trump: I'm going back to -- it's interesting to finish it. You say -- and now to proceed from where

Laura Ingraham: Continued -- to be continued. Why? Why?

Donald Trump: Yeah. I mean, that's a very interesting way of looking at it.

Laura Ingraham: I mean, I think that's -- you know, I think I've said that that was a good idea. It's a good idea. Why?

Donald Trump: I think it's important symbolically. I don't think we should be stopped by somebody that has severe mental problems or whatever his problem was.

Laura Ingraham: You're going to do rallies outside?

Donald Trump: Yeah. I'm going to do rallies.

Laura Ingraham: A lot of predictable backbiting and media pig piles on your vice presidential choice, JD Vance. They're stereotyping him as some, you know, out of control, you know, knee jerk, you know, conservative, you know, etc., etc. But some of it's coming from Republicans who, I think, want to go back to the days of open borders and perpetual war.

Laura Ingraham: What do you -- how do you expect to use him in this campaign, and what can you say to our viewers tonight to reassure them that this was an excellent pick?

Donald Trump: Well, first of all, he's got tremendous support. And he really does among a certain group of people, people that like families. I mean, you know, he made a statement having to do with families. That doesn't mean that people that aren't a member of a big and beautiful family with 400 children around and everything else, it doesn't mean that a person doesn't have -- he's not against anything.

Donald Trump: But he -- he loves family. It's very important to him. He grew up in a very interesting family situation, and he feels family is good. And I don't think there's anything wrong in saying that. Now, they took that as an indication that people that don't have families look, I could see --

Laura Ingraham: Oh, it's an easy opening, right? It's easy. It's easy.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Oh, it's so crazy. But I know so many people. They never met the right person, male or female. They just never met the right person. They're unbelievable. They're every bit as good as anybody else that has the most beautiful family.

Laura Ingraham: So, what do you say to women out there watching? He's -- he's addressed it, but what do you say to women out there watching who might not have kids?

Donald Trump: I think they -- I think they understand it. No. I think they understand it. The Democrats are good at spinning things differently from what they were. All he said is he -- he does like -- I mean, for him, he likes family. I think a lot of people like family, and sometimes it doesn't work out. And you know why it does -- you don't meet the right person or you don't meet any person.

Donald Trump: But you're just as good, in many cases, a lot better than a person that's in a family situation. But they took it and they spun it differently. When you listen to his words, you know, you helped me very much when you analyzed the -- what was said in Charlottesville. And what I said was perfect. But they stopped it after the first sentence.

Laura Ingraham: Well, that's classic.

Donald Trump: They didn't put the second sentence and the third sentence. And -- and you were actually very helpful in that. You were the first one that picked that up. And once that happened, all of a sudden -- and now, every time you see Joe Biden with that phony story that he became -- he ran for president because of Charlottesville, it's just --

Laura Ingraham: Did he drop out because of Charlottesville, too?

Donald Trump: He -- Yeah.

Laura Ingraham: I mean, come on.

Donald Trump: Well, he dropped out. And -- and it's really -- he truly did -- that was a coup on an American president. And Obama doesn't like him, and he doesn't like Obama. Do you believe that reporting, that Cy Hersh reporting that Obama basically, through various channels, maybe even directly to Biden, said, look, Joe, you either leave or, you know, it's going to -- they're going to use the 25th Amendment?

Donald Trump: That's what happened. We'll do it the easy way or the hard way.

Laura Ingraham: Right. Some version of that story --

Donald Trump: Yeah, that's what happened.

Laura Ingraham: Do you find that plausible?

Donald Trump: That's what happened. I mean, the -- the bad part is that it's not -- you know, they talk about a threat to democracy. They're a threat to democracy because they should've gone out to see who it is. Now, I like this better because I'd rather run against him than I think any one of the people that we're talking about or they could get.

Donald Trump: I think I probably would prefer running against her more than running against anybody else. She's a disaster for --

Laura Ingraham: You're the clear favorite, by the way, in the top three issues, the economy, immigration, inflation.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Laura Ingraham: So, let's start with the economy. What would your policies do to bring down inflation? So, people understand, like you said, we're going to have a great economy, but how?

Donald Trump: Yeah. So, pretty easy. He blew it with energy, with oil prices, gasoline prices, and he really blew it because it went up. I was at $1.87. They went up to $5, $6, and they're going up again, by the way, if you're not watching. Drill, baby, drill. If we get energy down, everything else is going to follow.

Donald Trump: It's the most important thing. Additionally, we have to keep all of these people that are causing this country a fortune. You know, we're giving them health care. We're giving them schooling. We're giving them hospitals. They're taking up our hospital.

Laura Ingraham: Illegal immigrants.

Donald Trump: We have to close up the border. We cannot afford -- no country can afford to take millions of people and support them. And you know what? Where they're living right now, most of them are coming just because they think this is a great opportunity to come. They weren't dying where they're living. They -- they lived there whether it was good, bad, or indifferent.

Donald Trump: They weren't dying. They're coming here because you look at guys like Gavin Newscum, where he and he says openly, "Come here. Come to us. We're going to take you in."

Laura Ingraham: Coming up, will there actually be a Trump-Harris debate? His answer next. Here's more of my interview with former President Trump. They're also attacking you for other ridiculous reasons. They're saying that you said to a crowd to -- of Christians that they won't have to vote in the future.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Let me say what I mean by that. I had a tremendous crowd, speaking to Christians, all of them --I mean, this was a crowd that liked me a lot. I think I'm at 97% or something. And they're treated very badly by this administration, OK? Catholics are treated unbelievably. They're like persecuted. And if I might say, before I go into the other, Jewish people, if you're Jewish and you vote for Biden or the Democrats or Kamala or whoever's going to run, I guess it's going to be her, but if you voted for her or the Democrats, you should have your head examined because nobody's ever been treated so badly by this -- this administration is destroying Israel, etc., etc.

Donald Trump: So, with respect to like a statement like I made, that statement is very simple. I said, "Vote for me. You're not going to have to do it ever again." It's true. Because we have to get the vote out. Christians are not known as a big voting group. They don't vote. And I'm explaining that to them. You never vote.

Donald Trump: This time, vote. I'll straighten out the country. You won't have to vote anymore. I won't need your vote. You can go back and not vote.

Laura Ingraham: So, you might -- you don't have to vote for you because you have four years in office. Is that --

Donald Trump: Look. Look. Christians are known -- you know who else doesn't vote? Gun owners don't vote. They don't vote.

Laura Ingraham: But what -- just to be clear, what you're saying though, you're not saying -- it's being interpreted as you are not surprised to hear.

Donald Trump: No.

Laura Ingraham: By the left as well. They're never going to have another election. He says -- he's saying there's a -- so --

Donald Trump: First time that we've been hurt.

Laura Ingraham: Can you even just respond to that?

Donald Trump: I said Christians -- I started off by saying, just so you understand, you never vote. Christians do not vote well. They vote in very small percentages. Why? I don't know. Maybe they're disappointed in things that are happening. But for a long time, I say, you don't vote. I'm saying go out, you must vote.

Donald Trump: November 5th is going to be the most important election in the history of our country. Whether you vote early or not, we should have, by the way, one-day voting. We should have voter ID. We should have proof of citizenship, and we should have paper ballots, OK? That's what we should have.

Laura Ingraham: Totally agree.

Donald Trump: But we don't have that. But I said to the Christians in the room, thousands of them, I said, typically, Christians do not vote. Why it is, I don't know. You're rebellious. Something's going on. Don't worry about the future. Vote on -- you have to vote on November 5th. After that, you don't have to worry about voting anymore.

Donald Trump: I don't care because we're going to fix that. The country will be fixed, and we won't even need your vote anymore because, frankly, we will have such love. If you don't want to vote anymore, that's OK. And I think everybody understood it. I didn't know there was any --

Laura Ingraham: Yeah. Well, I mean, because it's the constant refrain. I mean, he's -- after they have done all the things that we've talked about.

Donald Trump: Horrible.

Laura Ingraham: All of the things.

Donald Trump: Russia, Russia, Russia. And all the things.

Laura Ingraham: And dump their guy of 52 years, just dump him to the side. So, they do all that, and then they say, "Well, no. You can't vote for him because he's literally never going to leave office." They're actually still saying that.

Donald Trump: Yeah. I -- it's just unbelievable.

Laura Ingraham: But you will leave office after four years.

Donald Trump: Of course. By the way -- and I did last time. I kept hearing, he's not going to leave. He's not going to leave. Look, they are the ones that are a threat to democracy. Number one, they had an incompetent man as president, OK? Now, they have somebody who's worse. She's sort of incompetent. She's not very smart, but she's very radical, very radical.

Donald Trump: She will try and defund the police. She's going to try and defund the police.

Laura Ingraham: Is she more of an extremist than most Americans today still understand?

Donald Trump: Than Bernie. They say more than Bernie. More than Bernie Sanders. Bernie --

Laura Ingraham: He endorsed her.

Donald Trump: Bernie Sanders is a major lunatic, OK? She's worse than Bernie Sanders. Now, she's trying to come back. She got rid of the laugh. I noticed I haven't seen that crazy laugh that she gets. She's crazy. That laugh, that's the laugh of a crazy person, but I noticed that she's not using that laugh anymore. Somebody convinced her, don't laugh.

Donald Trump: Just don't laugh. Don't laugh under any circumstances because you --

Laura Ingraham: I like laughter, but sometimes --

Donald Trump: Not her laughter.

Laura Ingraham: So -- but she claims now she's tough -- she's tough on crime. She was a tough prosecutor, never the borders czar.

Donald Trump: She was a bad prosecutor. She put -- she was a prosecutor of Black people. She put thousands and thousands of Black people in jail over marijuana. But when it came to big crime, murders, and everything else, she was weak. She would love to go after Trump. You know, she says, oh, Trump, Trump, Trump. I did nothing wrong.

Donald Trump: They did a lot wrong, but I did nothing wrong. This was a totally manufactured deal. This was a -- an attack on a political opponent. And she was involved in that with Biden. And so far, it's backfired because people know this was an attack on a political opponent. She was a bad prosecutor in San Francisco.

Donald Trump: She led the cashless bail and all of the different things. She was the first of all of the bad prosecutors that have allowed -- you know, if you look at the 25 top cities, they're basically all Democrat. The prosecutors are weak. She was the early -- she destroyed -- she's a San Francisco liberal.

Laura Ingraham: They're pushing for debates with you.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Laura Ingraham: It went down in flames to them last time, but they think this they're -- they're going to get you and -- so, you've been kind of little unclear about whether you're going to debate or not. Will you commit tonight to debating Kamala Harris?

Donald Trump: So, I like debating. I like debating. I've done a lot of debates, and I've won the debates. I think they say I won the election because of that. I don't mind. They were pushing for this early debate. I said, why do we want to do an early debate? It didn't make sense to me. It turned out I was right, but for the wrong reasons, right?

Donald Trump: I want to do a debate, but I also can say this. Everybody knows who I am, and now, people know who she is. She's a radical-left lunatic. She'll destroy our country. She wants open borders.

Laura Ingraham: Then why not debate her?

Donald Trump: We'll wait. But because they already know everything. She wants to defund our police. She wants no bail. She wants no cash. No -- you just -- you kill somebody, and we're going to release you immediately. They call it cashless, cashless. That's a -- by the way, this has been a horrible thing for our country.

Donald Trump: This has been -- what I just said. But we know where she is. She wants high taxes.

Laura Ingraham: Well, they're going to say you're afraid of debating her. That's what they're going to say.

Donald Trump: Well, they said that with Biden, too. You know, I was afraid. I did great with Biden, and I did great in every debate. I've had a lot of debates.

Laura Ingraham: But you're winning in all the issues, right?

Donald Trump: And i like -- but you know I'm leading in the polls by, I think, a lot. I don't know. I hear different numbers. But I'm leading in all of the polls. I'm leading big in all of the swing states. And I say this. The answer is, yes, I'll probably end up debating. I think, actually, the debate should take place before the votes start being cast.

Donald Trump: You know, when you -- I had a very good second debate with Biden. I really beat him badly. The problem was 30 percent, 40 percent of the votes were already cast. If you're going to have a debate, you got to do it -- I think before the votes are cast. I think it's very important that you do that. So, the answer is yes.

Donald Trump: But I can also make a case for not doing it. Also, I don't like rewarding fake news. I don't like rewarding the people that have been -- they're going to make tens of millions of dollars with this debate. I don't like ABC. I think it's a terrible, terrible outfit. I don't like that ABC is going to get rich.

Donald Trump: George Slopadopoulos, as I call him. I don't like -- it's such -- I mean, these are such bad people. I don't like that ABC is going to get rich. I don't like -- and I will say something that when CNN did the last one, they were very fair. They were -- Jake Tapper was very fair.

Laura Ingraham: Well, maybe just you and her, you and president -- Vice President Harris in a room together with no moderators.

Donald Trump: I don't mind that. I don't mind anything. Look, I don't mind -- we can do any form of a debate. You know, when they asked me to do the debate, they didn't think I was going to do it because they were going to offer -- they offered me the two heads, the two announcers, whatever you'd call them, the referees.

Donald Trump: Call them whatever you want. But I have to say, they were both -- they were both very fair. It was CNN. They wanted to sit down. I said, no. I don't want to sit down. You can't sit down. They want to sit down. They offered me everything that I couldn't accept, and I accepted it. I accepted everything. And we had a debate.

Donald Trump: It was a great debate. It was actually -- maybe, it was a mistake. Maybe, I shouldn't have debated so well because if I didn't -- you know, that was the end of him. Because from that day on, you could see that he was not going to be -- in my opinion, I said, I don't think he's going to make it anymore. Now, I have her.

Donald Trump: I would rather run against her than him. I think she's easier than he is because he had a certain -- I always felt he was --

Laura Ingraham: Scranton Joe?

Donald Trump: I always felt he was incompetent, but he had a certain base. And no matter how bad he was, people are going to vote for him. She doesn't have that base.

Laura Ingraham: Coming up, what does former President Trump think of the Olympics' opening ceremony? That's next. Have you watched any of the Olympics?

Donald Trump: I thought that the opening ceremony was a disgrace, actually. I thought it was a disgrace.

Laura Ingraham: The mocking of the Last Supper.

Donald Trump: I thought it was a disgrace.

Laura Ingraham: Catholics and Christians across -- I think across the globe were outraged.

Donald Trump: I mean, they can do certain things. I thought it was terrible. Can you say at the next Olympics, if you're present, there won't be -- you'll have enough influence on the organizers that we won't be, you know, insulting Christians? We won't be having a Last Supper as portrayed the way they portrayed it the other night.

Donald Trump: I just think -- look, I'm for everybody. I'm very open-minded. You understand. You know me --

Laura Ingraham: Yeah. Yeah.

Donald Trump: Better than most people know me. I'm very open-minded, but I thought what they did was a disgrace.

Laura Ingraham: After four years of Biden and Harris, more Americans believe the American dream is no longer achievable. Donald Trump says he'll restore that, but how? You've mentioned getting rid of taxes on tips, 10 percent tariffs across the board, getting rid of most-favored-nation status for China. There will be a lot of pressure brought to bear against the tariffs question.

Laura Ingraham: How strongly -- and I think a lot of people in Michigan are listening tonight and in Ohio and other rust belt states. How firmly will you commit to these tariffs?

Donald Trump: A hundred percent. Look, I -- tariffs are two things. Number one, they bring in tremendous amounts of money, and they let you keep your jobs here. China used them for years very successfully. They said if an American company wants to come and build a plant in China, there's no tariff. Same thing with me. If somebody wants to come build a plant and hire our auto workers, and you know I like it, there's no tariff to be paid.

Donald Trump: But China charges us hundreds. I mean, they charge us so much. Other countries are charging us tremendous tariffs. It's a way -- look at India. They said to Harley Davidson, you have a 200 percent tariff on a motorcycle. But if you build your plant in India, there's no tariff. So, they go and they build a plant in India and so many other things like that.

Donald Trump: Tariffs are good. They also are good for something else, power. When a country starts getting fresh, when they start saying we're going to attack another country and you don't want them to, and you say I'm sorry if you do that, we're going to put tariffs on you and, you know, we're going to put tariffs -- do you know how many wars I stopped?

Donald Trump: Do you know that I had no wars? We had no wars. Remember when Hillary Clinton said, look at him. Just look at him. Well, they looked at me, and the fact is that we had no wars other than I defeated ISIS, which had already started. A hundred percent of the ISIS --

Laura Ingraham: We're going to get to foreign policy in a minute, but I just want to stay on this. The No. 1 issue is the economy. Gas-powered cars, what happens to them in a Harris administration?

Donald Trump: In a Harris, they're gone. In a Trump, they're thriving. And also, everything's thriving, electric, gas-powered. Electric is seven percent, six percent of the market. Maybe it's going to go a little bit higher. They want everybody to have an electric car, an all-electric car.

Laura Ingraham: Union jobs in Detroit.

Donald Trump: The union jobs are going to come back. The unions are going to be -- you know what's threatening to the union? Millions of people coming in and willing to work for a very small amount of money. The unions are under threat. I'll tell you who's hurt the most by the border. Black people, Hispanic people, and unions.

Laura Ingraham: And young people going into the workforce for the first time.

Donald Trump: Young people, too. But if you think about it, Black people are losing jobs. They were doing so much better under Trump. People are coming in and undercutting them and taking their jobs. Hispanic people and also unions and young people.

Laura Ingraham: The real wages under your administration, even the Washington Post had to report this, that I believe, the number is nine -- you had a -- you had a 19 percent differential between wages and inflation.

Donald Trump: Right.

Laura Ingraham: And with Biden, it's just -- you know, it's basically barely keeping up. It's improved a little bit. It's barely keeping up with inflation. I think yours was 15.4 percent, but it's it's a big differential. So, wages -- real wages were going up. So, why is that the case? So, people are trying to figure this out like why -- what -- is what you did, did it work?

Laura Ingraham: Why?

Donald Trump: So, I had no inflation. Essentially, I had one percent. I had no inflation.

Laura Ingraham: Over the whole four years with that dynamic though.

Donald Trump: Over the whole thing. I had very little inflation. Inflation is a country buster. It broke up Germany decades ago. Every country that has -- and we have worse inflation than anybody. It is a country buster. Biden had inflation. They say it's 22 percent. It's much more than that. They don't add --

Laura Ingraham: Well prices are up, average 19 percent under Biden. So, to families that are watching this tonight --

Donald Trump: It's actually much more than that, though.

Laura Ingraham: But on overall, on all things --

Donald Trump: They're using -- they're using things that didn't go up that much. They don't talk about interest rates that went from two percent to 10 percent. And you can't get money --

Laura Ingraham: Which goes to homes, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Right.

Laura Ingraham: Young people are seeing the American dream disappear. So, there's a -- there's a youth differential right now. There's a youth gap in the polls. But what do you say to young people saying, "I'm just going to give up on buying a house? I'll rent for the rest of my life."

Donald Trump: I say, very simply, vote for Trump. Interest rates are coming down. Energy's coming down. You're going to be able to buy a home again. You can't buy a home. You know, one of the things killing home-building is regulation. There's so many regulations from the federal government on a home. It's a big percentage of the cost of the home itself.

Donald Trump: Young people are going to be able to buy again. They're going to be able to borrow again. They're going to be able to go--

Laura Ingraham: Well, Biden says he's going to have rent control capped at five percent rent.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Once you do that --

Laura Ingraham: So, I imagine Harris would agree with that.

Donald Trump: Once you do that, you end up in a depression. We'll end up in a depression like in 1929.

Laura Ingraham: Up next, President Trump explains why we're closer to World War III than ever before. More in my interview next. How would they consider a Harris presidency, just in geopolitical --

Donald Trump: I think they'll walk all over.

Laura Ingraham: How so?

Donald Trump: I think they'll look at her. I think they'll walk all over. She'll be so easy for them. She'll be like a play toy. They look at her and they say, we can't believe we got so lucky. They're going to walk all over her. And I don't want to say as to why, but a lot of people understand it. How do you think they'll look?

Donald Trump: President Xi of China standing together with her, representing -- I don't want her to be my representative. Our country's got enough problems. They will walk all over her and her crazy administration. And remember this, Biden is killing our country. The economy is no good. The inflation is killing us. What happened in Afghanistan gave Putin a reason to go in. He said we're weak, and we're incompetent.

Donald Trump: We don't know what we're doing. That was the most embarrassing day. I was getting out also, but we were getting out with dignity and strength, and we're going to keep the big air force base that's one hour away from where China makes its nuclear missiles. You know who occupies that base now? China. China took over Bagram.

Donald Trump: We were keeping Bagram. It's -- it's hard to believe how incompetent these people are.

Laura Ingraham: You said in your convention speech that we are risking a potential World War III if the Democrats get into power.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Absolutely.

Laura Ingraham: Obviously, back then it was Biden.

Donald Trump: Absolutely.

Laura Ingraham: How do you think that might happen? And what will you do to prevent further warfare?

Donald Trump: So, they have forced Russia and China to get together. This was not because they're natural enemies. They've always been. Because of land. China needs more land, and Russia's got a lot of it, OK? But they were natural enemies. They've done something that was impossible to do. And Obama started it. And then we had the Russia, Russia, Russia hoax, which made it a little more difficult, but I had a very good relationship with him.

Donald Trump: And I will tell you, he would have never attacked Ukraine. He would -- we used to talk about it. Ukraine was the apple of his eye, but he wouldn't have done it. I told him, you can't do it. And I told him things would happen. He would have never done it. Had a good relationship with him. He would have never done it. And now, you look at what's happening.

Donald Trump: You know, they -- that's a very tough situation for Ukraine. It's a horrible thing that's taken place. The secretary general of NATO, Stoltenberg, I think I'm his No. 1 all-time fan. I mean, meaning him about me. Because he said, whether you like Trump or not, Obama came in, made a speech, and left. Bush came in, made a speech, and left.

Donald Trump: They all come in, make a speech, and leave. Trump came in, looks at the books, and he said, "You people aren't paying." I got them to pay numbers. They wouldn't even be fighting Russia right now. They wouldn't have had any money to fight. Everybody paid. They paid hundreds of billions of dollars when I came in. And they said to me, "Will you protect us against Russia if we don't pay?" I said, "No, I won't. I'm sorry." And the money poured in, and he can't believe it.

Laura Ingraham: Military recruitment, it's like police recruitment in some inner city areas. It's really challenged and stressed right now.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Laura Ingraham: Given the fact that we still have the Ukraine war waging and, perhaps, other conflicts in the future, there has been talk about bringing back a possible draft in some circles, kind of batted down by the democrats. But what should young people watching this tonight think about that possibility? I mean, if we don't have the manpower to fight a war, they're going to have to get those recruits from somewhere.

Donald Trump: Batted down by Republicans also. Number one, you're not going to need the recruits because I know how to keep peace. Putin is not going to play with us, and President Xi is not going to play with us. You know, we have tremendous economic power. Now, eventually, we won't have that because it's getting eaten alive by stupid presidents like Biden.

Donald Trump: But we have tremendous power over nations. We don't have to go to war. We can do things. Look, when I came in, everybody said we're going to war with North Korea. That Kim Jong Un, smart guy, he's a very smart guy. A lot of people hate when I say that. "He's not smart." Well, he's smart, and he controls it with an iron fist.

Donald Trump: But North Korea has tremendous nuclear capability. And President Obama, when I sat with him prior to taking, you know, the ritual, we actually sat for a long period of time. We had a very good discussion. He said the single biggest problem we have is North Korea. We may have to go to war with them. I said, "Have you spoken to him?" Now, actually, he tried, and there was no receptivity on the other side.

Donald Trump: But I did speak to him, and it was a rough one for about a month. Remember, little rocket man, the whole thing? And then all of a sudden, I got a call. We'd like to meet. And I met, and we got along great. We had no problem.

Laura Ingraham: Coming up, President Trump shares what he hopes his legacy will be. That's next.

Donald Trump: I'm the opposite of a threat to democracy. They're a threat to democracy. I mean, look at what they just did. They just took over the presidency from a -- this was a coup. Biden is a very angry man right now. You know that. They took the presidency away. His wife didn't want it to happen. They took the presidency away like he was a child.

Laura Ingraham: Who's making the decisions right now in the White House, do you think?

Donald Trump: A group of people that are fascists, communists, Marxists. They circle the beautiful resolute desk in the Oval Office, like in the Justice Department. I mean, I always felt that Merrick Garland -- I had respect for him. You know, there were some people that thought I should appoint him. I really gave it serious thought.

Laura Ingraham: He had a good record.

Donald Trump: But in the end -- in the end -- no, he did. I -- I had a lot of respect for him. I'm so surprised that he's doing good.

Laura Ingraham: You're saying Biden isn't making any of the big decisions.

Donald Trump: I don't think so now. I don't think he knows he's alive.

Laura Ingraham: Kamala Harris in her Twitter bio, which I never noticed until this morning, states her pronouns as she/her. What are your pronouns?

Donald Trump: I have no -- I don't want pronouns. I don't want pronouns. I saw that.

Laura Ingraham: So, you're fluid? What is that?

Donald Trump: Nobody even knows what that means. Ask her to describe exactly what that means.

Laura Ingraham: Well, what is that? Why -- why are people doing that?

Donald Trump: Nobody knows.

Laura Ingraham: But what is that?

Donald Trump: No. Because they're going crazy, all right? We have to bring our country back to sanity. So, I say this about the Republican Party. It's a party now based on common sense, OK? We're conservative? I don't know. Conservative, we're everything. But we're based on common sense. We want borders. We want low taxes.

Donald Trump: We want good education. We want to be able to buy a house. We want the American dream for our children. I want the American dream. I want my children to say, "Man, this is great." You don't even hear about the American dream anymore. You heard about it four years ago. But you don't hear about it anymore.

Donald Trump: I want the American dream as -- as a goal for our children. They want to -- they want to do something. You don't hear that anymore with all of this nonsense going on. We are a party based on common sense.

Laura Ingraham: A Time Magazine story over the weekend says that they're going to use the phrase "just plain weird" as their new label for Trump. I thought that was Austin's, you know, motto, but just plain weird.

Donald Trump: Look, what they do is they take sound bites. Russia, Russia, Russia. He's a paid associate of Putin. These people are crazy, OK? Do you know that lasted two and a half years? Total exoneration. They went through millions of phone calls. I didn't have one call to Russia. The whole thing was a con job. And everything about them -- look at Biden.

Donald Trump: He said he'll challenge me at golf. I'm a very good golfer. He's a terrible golfer. This guy can't hit a ball 30 yards. You saw those men downstairs, those policemen. They're screaming at me. Hit a shot. Hit a shot.

Laura Ingraham: [Inaudible] place [Inaudible].

Donald Trump: And I hit a nice seven iron right next to the pin. Biden wouldn't do that. He couldn't hit the ball 15 yards.

Laura Ingraham: I mean, what is this just plain weird? American families --

Donald Trump: No. Listen. The whole thing is a con job, just plain weird. You know who's playing weird? She's playing weird. She's a weird person. Look at her past. Look at what she does. And look at what she used to say about herself. And I won't get into it. What she used to say and who she was compared to what she said starting at about 2016. She became a totally different person only for political reasons.

Laura Ingraham: Black women, Kamala Harris believes she can mobilize them. She is mobilizing activists quite well, I think, across the country. What do you say to them tonight about how life will improve for them, under a second Trump administration?

Donald Trump: If you have her, you're going to have very unsafe streets. You're going to have millions of people coming in taking your job and your husband's job. Remember this. Again, I said it before, and I'll say it again. Black people, when all of these people are coming in, the ones that are losing the biggest are the Black population.

Donald Trump: Now, not only in terms of job but in terms of crime. People are being killed by these migrants coming in from jails, prisons, and gangs from South America and from all over the world. They're coming from all over the world. The world is dumping their prisoners and their criminals into the United States. We're like a dumping ground.

Laura Ingraham: Your legacy, in one or two lines. Five years from now, assuming you've been president for four years, you've finished your second term, what do you want your legacy to be for America?

Donald Trump: That I loved our country and that I was able to straighten it out because our country's going bad. We're a failed nation. We're a failing and a failed nation. We're laughed at all over the world. When I was president, we weren't laughed at. President Xi was not laughing at me. He wasn't giving us lectures like they did in Alaska in the early weeks of the Biden administration.

Donald Trump: I've never seen anything. They would never do that. Mexico wouldn't say we want $2 billion just to talk. Mexico gave us everything. Remain in Mexico policy. Nobody could come in. They had a remain in Mexico -- Mexico gave us everything. We had a strong border. We had the strongest border in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: Listen, when I made the right turn, you know why, because I put up a chart of the lowest immigration in recorded history. That chart saved my life.

Laura Ingraham: I hope the guy who made that chart got a raise.

Donald Trump: Well, it was actually made by Border Patrol.

Laura Ingraham: Are you having any fun out there? Like, I know this is like work, but you're -- you're 78. You've been doing anything. Are you having fun post-assassination attempt?

Donald Trump: I feel -- number 1, just because you said 78, I am, but I feel stronger. I feel just as good as I did 40 years ago. I feel the same. I actually feel I'm sharper because if I'm not, I'm in trouble, OK? I feel I'm sort of sharper. Somebody said it to me that said, you know, I think you're sharper now than you were 20 years ago.

Donald Trump: And maybe doing, you know, all these things, everything that's happening -- I'm having fun in a strange way because I'm making a lot of progress. I think we're going to win, and I'm going to make America great again. And that's far more important to whether or not I'm happy. That will make me happy.