Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-all-in-podcast-sacks-friedberg-june-20-2024

David Sacks: Here we go.

Donald Trump: Hello, everybody.

Chamath Palihapitiya: Hello, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Hey, Chamath. I love that house he has. I love David's house. What a house. That made the biggest impression, huh? [Inaudible]

David Sacks: Thank you, sir. I heard you have a pretty nice house, too.

Donald Trump: Yeah, I have a -- we're in a nice house. We like houses.

David Sacks: Although it's only worth 18 million, right? Isn't that what they say?

Donald Trump: Would you like -- I know. The judge said 18 million. People said Palm Beach has gone down a long way. Hello, everybody.

David Sacks: Thanks so much for sitting down with us, Mr. President. The All-In Pods, basically, the four of us having conversations, it's kind of a spectrum of different views. We got sort of like a little bit of some Fox News and then some MSDNC at the same time. So --

Donald Trump: That's OK. It keeps it interesting.

David Sacks: Yeah, absolutely. Anyway, Chamath and I, we -- we had a great time at the -- at the fundraiser that we did a couple of weeks ago. I think it turned out --

Donald Trump: Great time.

David Sacks: Turned out great. And I heard the Winklevoss brothers are actually announcing that they're donating $1 million each in bitcoin to you tomorrow. So, I think that's a great result to come out of it as well.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Got to meet them for the first time at your house and terrific. Terrific. They -- they did well. They might have started the whole thing. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know if that court case was proper, but they were very nice, both of them.

David Sacks: Absolutely.

Chamath Palihapitiya: Really nice guys.

David Sacks: You know -- and I think maybe this is a good place to start in our conversation is, you know, one of the things I think we heard a lot at that dinner was just the difficulty that people in business were having under this Biden administration. You got the crypto guys who just want a framework. They just want the government to tell them how to operate.

David Sacks: And they can't get that. You got no M&A happening right now in tech. The real estate guys, they can't get loans because the interest rates are through the roof and there's a credit crunch. So, I think one of the common themes we just heard across that dinner was that it was just so hard to do business right now.

David Sacks: And I guess maybe a good place to start would just be, you know, what's the No. 1 thing or maybe the top three things that you would do to kind of get things moving again, you know, if you're reelected?

Donald Trump: So, I'd say regulation -- regulation and taxes, OK? You know, I gave the biggest tax cut in the history of our country and a lot to business. It took them down from -- look, as you know, they were paying -- people -- companies were paying 40%, 45%, including state and city taxes, in many cases, and we got it down to 21%. We'd like to get it down lower, actually, but we got it down.

Donald Trump: And the revenues were -- were better than ever, even with the lower rate. We had record -- record revenues, which tells you a little bit about that. But also the regulations. And when I asked a lot of people, a lot of big people, a lot of corporate types, big corporate types, I said, "If you had your choice between just the taxes or just the regulations, where did I do better?" He said, "The regulations." I was the biggest cutter of -- in four years, I cut more regulations than anybody by four -- no, by far, not -- not even close.

Donald Trump: And when I spoke to different people about the regulation versus the taxes, I don't think I've ever had anybody say -- and the taxes were a massive cut, you know, from 37%, 38%, if you look at it just there, to 21%. I don't think I ever had anybody say that the taxes were more important than the regulation cuts.

Donald Trump: I made it possible to build. I made it possible to do things, to invest. I was able to get companies with a lot of money outside of the USA to bring that money back in. You know, we cut the rate, and it was crazy. The rate was like 55%. So, that means if they bring the money back, they lose half their money before they even start.

Donald Trump: But it was also impossible from a standpoint -- a structural standpoint, a legal standpoint, it was very hard. And they were able to bring back -- I mean, Apple is an example. They brought hundreds of billions of dollars back from other countries into the United States and invested it here. So -- but it's very interesting because I asked the question all the time, which was more important, and almost everybody said I did an even better job -- and I got the biggest tax cuts, the biggest tax cuts, bigger than the Reagan tax cuts, but they found regulations and the regulation cuts were even more effective.

Donald Trump: And that's why we had the great economy and that's why we had the most jobs ever produced.

Chamath Palihapitiya: Sir, there's this odd thing that happens in certain states where taxes keep going up, and then you start to see the states break, right? Productivity breaks, crime goes up, and quality of life goes down. But then people don't understand that taxation and all of those things are correlated. Do you have an idea of why that is? Like, why don't people understand universally that lower taxation is better for productivity?

Donald Trump: Well, they don't understand it. And it's such an interesting question because you look at some of these places like Chicago and New York and -- and LA and so many more. You know, I hate to even mention the three because there are worse examples than that. You look at what's happened in Oakland and you look at what's happened into some cities that are disappearing.

Donald Trump: I mean, they're literally just crime waves. They're -- nobody lives there except for criminals because you can't live there. You can't survive there. Physically, you can't survive there. And when you look at the kind of crime that we're talking about, and then they take the power away from the police. The police can't do anything.

Donald Trump: If they do anything to stop it, they end up losing their pension, their house, their family. They end up losing everything. They get put in jail. And we're not talking about the rogue cops who do something really bad and should be taken care of badly. You know, be nasty. You got to be nasty to them also.

Donald Trump: But mostly, I mean, they -- these people, they want to really -- like 99%, they want to stop crime. They hate to see it. They're not allowed to even -- they're told not to do anything. When you see a department store that was so proud, they opened up a new store in a certain city, and all of a sudden, this -- over the last couple of years, this happened, this phenomena where 500 usually young people walk into the store and take everything.

Donald Trump: They have masks on. They walk out with television sets, air conditioners. They walk out with everything. This is a new phenomena that's taken place. And it's -- it's incredible. Look at drug stores. Look at what's going on. Like in New York, you walk into a chain. I've seen it twice. I don't walk into too many drug stores, but I used to love it. I used to love to walk around and just look at what it is, whether it's a drug store or a department store.

Donald Trump: But they told me just a little while ago, I had a meeting with some people, and they say you walk into a drug store in New York and everything's covered up with bars and glass, and if you want just a little thing of aspirin or if you want to buy a toothbrush, you have to wait a half an hour to get a clerk and they open up this vault and they give you a toothbrush or they give you -- it's -- how do you do business like that?

Donald Trump: This is a phenomenon. There's never been anything like this. They didn't use to have theft of -- of even the most minor items. They had very little theft. Relatively speaking, they didn't have theft. But they had -- the police would arrest them if they did something. Today, they don't. They have limits sometimes.

Donald Trump: If you steal less than $2,000, you don't get arrested, so nobody steals more than $2,000. It's incredible when you see what's happened to the quality of life in our country, and it's happened so quickly. It's -- it's taken place so rapidly. Nobody's ever seen anything. But you look at retail -- and I know the big deal.

Donald Trump: It used to be a big deal when a department store moved into a city or, you know, a certain store opened up even in a town. But it's usually the Democrat-run big cities where this problem is taking place. And I don't say that as a Republican. I just say, you look at the 25 cities, the top problems, they're just about all Democrat -- they're Democrat-run.

Chamath Palihapitiya: And they're also high tax, high regulation states.

Donald Trump: Yeah. No cash bail. All of these different things that have taken place, they're phenomena. It's a phenomena, what's -- what's going on. Nobody's ever seen anything like it. And it has to be stopped. It's a horrible quality of life. And on top of that, you can't walk to a store. You end up getting shot or mugged or something.

Donald Trump: The level of crime in the cities, in these big cities, is -- is out of control. Nobody has ever seen anything like it.

David Friedberg: Mr. President, can I -- can I just ask on your point about the tax cuts? Larry Summers made a comment the other day, and I thought maybe you could respond to his tweet that the tax cuts, coupled with the tariffs that you've proposed, would cause a massive -- I think he called it the mother of all stagflation, where you would have kind of inflation because of the tariffs, you would have economic decline because more money would start to fund an increase in prices with tax coming down, tax cuts being put in place.

David Friedberg: Can you maybe just comment on -- on the comment made by Larry Summers and how we implement tax cuts without inflation?

Donald Trump: Well, let me say that I respect Larry Summers a lot. He's been right about a lot of things, and Obama and Biden have been wrong. Certain things that he said turned out to be true, certain things. And he really -- I do have a good respect for him. He's a different kind of a guy, and he speaks his mind. I happen to be a big believer in tariffs because I think tariffs give you two things.

Donald Trump: They give you economic gain, but they also give you political gain. If -- if a country is out of control and something having nothing to do with economics or having nothing to do with -- with money coming in or money going out, but other things that are very political because there are a lot of other things involved in countries, you have tremendous power over a country.

Donald Trump: Now, not everybody can say that, but we can because we're the big piggy bank. But our piggy bank is going to get smaller and smaller all the time because we're losing power. We're losing a lot of, you know, countries on the dollar. I mean, they're going like flies. If we ever lose that, that's the equivalent of losing a war.

Donald Trump: That would be an -- that would really make us third world. We have lost so many countries. I look the other day, so Russia's gone. You take a look. Ukraine doesn't sort of exist in a sense. Nobody knows what's going on there. But when you look at China, it's essentially gone. They're trying to get out of it. They want -- they're our primary competitor.

Donald Trump: Iran is not there. The other day, I read where Saudi Arabia is willing to now go in various different currencies instead of the dollar. This is a tragedy. This is a big thing that's happening against our country, and we cannot let that happen. With tariffs, it gives you tremendous power, as an example, not to let that happen.

Donald Trump: You say, "You want to do that? We're going to put tariffs on your product coming into the United States." But more importantly -- and that's a big importance. But probably of more importance is they tax us, we tax them. Reciprocal trade. I think we should have a reciprocal trade act. If China is going to charge us $100 tariff or 100% tariff on a car, then we should say, "You're going to pay 100% to us." You know, I put on a large tariff on China cars coming in, and it had a huge impact, a huge positive impact.

Donald Trump: But -- and Biden only is doing the electric cars. I don't know why that is because the electric cars, they're going to end up all being made in China, by the way. They're not going to be made here. The United Auto Workers are going to take a blow like no unions have. Between that and people coming in, pouring into our country, unions are getting absolutely decimated.

Donald Trump: Absolutely.

Jason Calacanis: President Trump --

Donald Trump: But the reciprocal -- the reciprocal act is, I think, a very important thing when these countries -- and I don't mean just China. We have other countries. You could take the European Union. They don't want our farm product and they don't want our cars and they don't want anything. We have a massive deficit right there.

Donald Trump: But you could go with many countries. And they essentially do things to us, and we should do things to them. Basically, it should be reciprocal.

Jason Calacanis: One of the things we've talked about, President Trump, on this podcast a lot is the deficit. Under your administration, we added close to 8 trillion. Under Biden, it's going to be, paradoxically, about the same number. It seems incredibly unpopular in Washington to cut costs, but that's something we're going to need to do. What's your plan?

Jason Calacanis: And it looks like you're going to win a second term here. What's your plan in your second term to control spending? Can you get it under control? Is there the will in Washington to allow you to do that?

Donald Trump: Well, the biggest thing, I think, is growth because we can grow our way out. As an example, we have more liquid gold under our feet. I use the term. We have more oil. We have more wells. We have more everything than anybody else. When I started, we were No. 3. Now, we're No. 1. We were No. 1. He's going to keep it that way until after the election.

Donald Trump: If they ever won the election, there's no more oil coming out. There's no more oil. They were going down. Oil is what caused the inflation. You'd have nothing coming out. It would be a disaster. So, they were intelligent enough to let the -- the oil wells continue to go. They're not happy about it. But if this election were won by them, I can tell you right now, you would be -- we would see oil go through the roof because they would really close it up. Already, they're taken out of the strategic reserves just for politics because they want to try and keep the prices down as low as possible.

Donald Trump: But the big thing, we have tremendous growth potential and we have tremendous numbers of dollars that can be saved through efficiency. The way we're spending money, hundreds of billions of dollars, what Biden did with -- with the trillions of dollars that he borrowed for COVID. Now, I had a different situation.

Donald Trump: We were getting ready to start paying off debt. We were getting ready to make a lot. We had the greatest economy in history. I had to throw a lot of money at COVID in order that we didn't end up in a 1929-type depression, which we could still end up in now because of what they've done. But I threw a lot of money in, and we ended up not in a depression, and then we ended up with a very strong -- you know, we -- I ended up with a higher stock market than it was just previous to COVID coming in, which was pretty much of a miracle, according to most.

Donald Trump: But we had to throw money out there in order to keep our country going. We would have ended up -- if I didn't do that, we would have ended up in a depression. The problem is, when Biden came in, he took trillions and trillions of dollars for COVID. He didn't use it for COVID, he used it for other things.

Donald Trump: But he took trillions of dollars out, and that caused a lot of the inflation. Energy caused -- his energy policies caused inflation, and his spending, the unbelievable spending that they did caused inflation, tremendous inflation. And it's going to have an impact for a long time to come.

David Friedberg: Can you talk about your impoundment authority intention? You mentioned that in the past that you could go in and reduce the bureaucracy and the spend. I always tell people, my position going into the election is less than I'm interested in knowing what the government's going to do for me, and I'm more interested in knowing what the government's going to stop doing that doesn't do any good for anyone.

David Friedberg: And there seems to be a lot of that. And I'm really curious to hear, sir, how you think about using the impoundment authority vested in you as the president of the United States to reduce some of the bureaucracy, wasteful spending and create accountability. And what -- you know, is there a team that -- that you've built around you to help build a specific plan on backing out of some of these issues?

Donald Trump: Right. We have a lot of money floating around that should be brought back into the government, should be given back to D.C., to Washington. As you know, there's a lot of money given out over the last couple of years, especially over the last. My money was given out to help us with COVID. Then they took money and they have no idea what they were even doing with it. That money can be given back, and it should be given back, and things can be done with that money that a positive.

Donald Trump: But we have -- there are many, many things. I'll give you an example, education. We spend more on education per pupil than any other country. We spend numbers that are -- and yet, we're terrible at it. We're down at the bottom of the list, and yet we're at the top of the list. I would give -- I am going to -- very early in the administration, we're going to send education back to the states.

Donald Trump: We're going to give them approximately half the number of dollars, and they're going to have so much money that, like, they've never had before because they can spend a fraction of what we're spending right now and have much better school systems. As an example, you go to very -- you could name many. You go to Nebraska, you go to Iowa, you go to many states, will do a far better job than we're doing right now, and they'll do it for a fraction of the cost.

Donald Trump: We'll save a tremendous amount of money and have better -- some states, I don't believe will do a very good job, but they're going to have to learn to. But we have -- I would say most of our states will do a much better job. I think all of them will do better than -- you can't do worse than what we're doing right now.

Donald Trump: But all of them will do better. But some will be absolutely education factory in a positive sense, factories. We are going to close up education. We'll have a tiny little group to make sure everyone's teaching at least English and perhaps proper math, etc., etc. But very little Department of Education goes, and education goes back to the states and where it belongs, I mean, where it absolutely belongs.

Donald Trump: And you're going to save a lot of money. You can look at interior with that. You can look at environmental with a lot of that, where the environment can be controlled by the states instead of this big bureaucracy in Washington, D.C. I mean, what do you do when China is burning all the coal and they're sending the -- they're sending the ashes over the United States, because that's what happens.

Donald Trump: It takes three and a half days, and it blows over the United States. In the meantime, we're keeping things good. We produce clean coal. We're going to produce clean energy. But we have to get back to energy. We're spending trillions of dollars on artificial weak energy that's not going to fire up our plants.

Donald Trump: Our plants have to be fired up. We have a phenomena coming up right now, and I was talking about it the other day to David, and that's AI, a little thing. Simple -- two little simple letters, but it's big. And I realized the other day, more than any time, when we were at David's house and talking to a lot of geniuses from Silicon Valley and other places, they need electricity at levels that nobody's ever experienced before to -- to be successful, to be a leader in AI. The amount of electricity they need is like double what we have right now and even triple what we have right now.

Donald Trump: They are -- they are -- it's incredible how much they need to be the leader. And we're going to have to be able to do that. And a windmill turning with its blade knocking out the birds and everything else is not going to be able to make us competitive. You'll have China --

David Friedberg: What about -- what about nuclear, Mr. President? Yeah. So, let me just give you a statistic.

Donald Trump: Nuclear is OK.

David Friedberg: China is building 150 nuclear reactors, and they're only spending about $2,500 a kilowatt. In the U.S., we're not building any, and our cost to build them is about 10,000 bucks a kilowatt. And China's about to build as much capacity as 20% of the total U.S. production in nuclear. We clearly have a problem here in nuclear.

Donald Trump: We do. And nuclear is OK with me. And what we're doing is -- you know, if you look at Alabama, you look at a couple of states where they built these plants and they had cost overruns that are -- nobody's ever seen anything like it, where they're costing $25 billion to build a plant. There were a couple of them built in the South.

Donald Trump: I won't mention the places, but you know the places. And they came out at numbers that I think the most expensive things ever built in our country. And the inspectors would go in and they say, "Those walls aren't thick enough, knock them down and build another wall." And, you know, the environmental people were brutal.

Donald Trump: You know, in France and in other places where they do have a lot of nuclear, they build small plants, all the same. And if they need double the amount, they'll build two of them, as opposed to the nonsense that we've done where we build these massive plants and they never get built and they have cost overruns of -- of 300%, 400%, or 500%. Nobody's ever seen anything like it. No, I'm OK with nuclear, but you have to do it in a way that makes sense.

Donald Trump: And they -- they have nuclear applications today that can be built and can be built reasonably inexpensively. But nuclear, certainly, is very strong power.

David Sacks: Can I shift the conversation to foreign policy just for a minute, just to make sure we get -- we get time to talk about foreign policy? Is that OK with you, guys?

Donald Trump: Yes.

David Sacks: Mr. President, I've really appreciated your -- your comments saying that you want to bring a peace deal to the war in Ukraine so that people stop dying. And I wholeheartedly agree with -- with that sentiment. But I've seen that Emmanuel Macron, the president of France, is talking about actually putting NATO troops or French troops in Ukraine as potentially a next step, and that could be a tripwire for more NATO troops coming in. Can you guarantee that no matter what, you're not going to put American boots on the ground in Ukraine?

David Sacks: Is that something you can say definitively?

Donald Trump: I would guarantee it. I wouldn't do it. No. It's different for France. You know, they're neighbors, more or less. We have an ocean in between. It's different for Germany, although Germany is much less involved than they should be, and other countries. But, you know, we have a big ocean in between. One of the things, I think, is so unfair, David, I think it's terrible, is that we're giving probably -- we're at least $100 billion more than Europe, meaning Europe as -- as a whole, put together.

Donald Trump: And the economies are similar in size, believe it or not. That put together and us is about a very similar economy size. But it's much more important for them. It's important for everyone. You have to have -- look, this would have never happened if I were president. It would have never -- Putin would have never done it. And it happened for two reasons.

Donald Trump: It also happened because oil went through the roof and he had -- he had all this money to prosecute the war. But the oil was at a much lower level, the price of oil. He wouldn't have been able to afford the war. All of a sudden, when it hit almost $100 a barrel, he said -- you know, I mean, he's one of the few to make money during a war because the oil has gone -- and it stayed very high.

Donald Trump: It's extremely high right now, and it's going up. Oil prices all over the country are going up, as you probably have noticed.

David Sacks: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But I will tell you, that would have never happened. Ukraine would have never happened. The Israeli attack would have never happened. And inflation would have never happened. Those are three big things. Inflation would have never happened. But with Ukraine -- and now, it's very much -- look, Ukraine is now -- I read the other day where they don't have the soldiers, they don't have the manpower.

Donald Trump: They want to use children, they want to use old people, very old people, people that are not really perhaps equipped to fight. They're not doing well.

David Sacks: Yeah, the average age of their soldier is like 43 now. So, they're running out of --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

David Sacks: They're literally running out of people. To make a peace deal there, would you be willing to take NATO expansion off the table, if that's what it took to get the Russians and the Ukrainians to make a deal? Would you be willing to do that?

Donald Trump: So, for 20 years, I heard that NATO -- if Ukraine goes into NATO, it's a real problem for Russia. I've heard that for a long time. And I think that's really why this war started. I'm not sure that this war would have started. Biden was saying all of the wrong things. And one of the wrong things he was saying, "No, Ukraine will go into NATO." That's one of the many things he said.

Donald Trump: When I listen to him speak, I said, "This guy is going to start a war." Because, as you know, for four years, there was never even talk of Russia going into Ukraine. That would have never happened. Russia was not going to attack Ukraine. As soon as I got out, they started to form along the lines. And I thought that Putin maybe -- look, he's a good negotiator.

Donald Trump: I thought he was going to be doing that for negotiation purposes. Then all of a sudden, they attacked, and I said, "What's going on here?" But if you look at the rhetoric from Biden, he was saying the opposite of what, in my opinion, you had to say, the things he was saying. And he's still saying it. He's saying things that are so crazy.

Chamath Palihapitiya: Inflammatory. Yeah.

David Sacks: I 100% agree. And, you know, it turns out that the month before the Russians invaded, Blinken told Lavrov that the administration was not only going to bring Ukraine into NATO, but that they thought it was OK for the United States to put nuclear weapons in Ukraine. So, no wonder the Russians hit the roof.

David Sacks: I mean, you talk about provocation.

Donald Trump: Well, let's say you were running Russia, you wouldn't be too happy. And that's always been off the table. You know, there -- it's a border, and it's always been -- you know, I don't think that they would have -- if they thought that that was going to remain sort of a territory where you don't have NATO, but they don't want to have soldiers right on their border.

Donald Trump: They don't want to have it. It's always been understood. And that's even before Putin. It's always been understood that that was a no-no. And now, you can go against their wishes, and it doesn't mean they're right when they say that. But that was very provocative. And now, it's even more provocative. And they're talking about -- I hear routinely, they're now talking about Ukraine entering NATO.

Donald Trump: And now, I hear France wants to go in and fight. Well, I wish him a lot of luck, I think. Good luck.

Chamath Palihapitiya: Sir, can I ask you about Israel-Palestine? So, after October 7th, what's the right path to just resolve this once and for all and just move forward?

Donald Trump: Again, it's so sad to me because it would have never happened. Iran was broke. They had no money. I sanctioned countries that wanted to buy oil from Iran. And I would have made a fair deal with Iran. I was going to get along with Iran. I was going to get along with everybody. We did the Abraham Accords. I think, eventually, Iran would have been in the Abraham Accords.

Donald Trump: We had four strong countries go in, and nobody went in since I got out. That whole thing should have been loaded up right now. Would have been -- it should have been full. They did nothing with the Abraham Accords that everybody said were great. They said, "We're going to get the ultimate prize because of that." It was amazing.

Donald Trump: If anybody else did it, if a Democrat did it, they would have -- they would have gotten what -- they would have gotten every prize in the book, every prize in the book. But I did it, and it was a great thing that we did. It was a phenomenal thing. But when you look at what happened now and you see what's going on, it's very, very, very, very sad.

Donald Trump: That attack would have never happened in a million years. Iran didn't have the money for Hamas. They didn't have the money for Hezbollah. They didn't have the money for any of the 28 other cells of terror or whatever you want to call them. Iran was broke. I say respectfully, they had no money and they weren't given money.

Donald Trump: And actually, it was a big story. When I was -- toward the end of my term, there was a lot of big stories that there was no terror going on because Iran didn't have the money. They had to survive. We would have made a deal good for everybody. Everybody would have been happy. The main thing is Iran can't have a nuclear weapon.

Donald Trump: That was my main thing. The deal was a simple deal. Iran can't have a nuclear. You know, it can't have a missile, it can't have a nuclear missile. It cannot have that nuclear capability. Other than that, we talk about everything. They would have been very happy. It would have been fine and you would have had peace in the Middle East.

Donald Trump: The problem is, I had them at a point where you could have negotiated. A child could have made a deal with them, and Biden did nothing. He did nothing. A child.

David Sacks: He doesn't like to negotiate.

Donald Trump: A young man that knew nothing or a young woman that knew nothing in kindergarten could have made a deal with Iran at that time because they wanted to make a deal, and Biden never took advantage of it. Now, they put back no sanctions, all of the different things that they gave them. China buys billions and billions of dollars of oil every month, many billions of dollars a month.

Donald Trump: Other people are buying. So, Iran, now, has $250 billion cash. They made it all in three and a half years. And now, they're much tougher to deal with. And I will tell you, I got along great with Kim Jong Un. We solved that problem. Nobody was in danger. But this is a big problem. This is a real problem. And within 90 days or so, they're going to have and could have very well a nuclear weapon.

Donald Trump: And Israel is a big -- it's a big difference in Israel between Iran with a nuclear weapon and Iran without a nuclear weapon. And lots of luck in that negotiation. That's going to be a much more difficult negotiation.

Jason Calacanis: President Trump, I wanted to ask you a question about Roe v. Wade. You promised your base that you would overturn Roe v. Wade. You added three people to the Supreme Court, and you delivered on that promise. This might be the issue that determines the election, and many people believe it is. Are you going to do a national abortion ban?

Jason Calacanis: Would you support that, yes or no?

Donald Trump: So, I don't need a national ban because it's up to the states right now. What I did is something that people have wanted to do for -- from day one. Fifty-one years it's been going on. And if you remember, over the years -- you're too young. But over the years, all they wanted to do is they wanted to make -- take it out of the federal government and move it into the states, and I got that done with the selection of three great justices.

Donald Trump: I got it done. And it was a big thing. But I will say, over the last 10 years or maybe a little bit more than that, they started talking about the number of weeks and this and that. A lot of different subjects came in. It was no longer just simply bringing it back. Every legal scholar, from Democrat to Republican, liberal, conservative, they all wanted it brought -- given to the states because from a legal standpoint, from a lot of other standpoints, including even a moral standpoint, they wanted it brought back to the states.

Donald Trump: And what I did is I got it back to the states. And now, the states are in charge and the people are voting. And some votes are coming out the way certain people want it, and some votes aren't coming out the way certain people wanted. I mean, if you look at Ohio, I would say it was a more liberal vote than people would have thought.

Donald Trump: And you could say that for Kansas. And then you look at Texas, it was a different story. But the people of the states have got that issue now, and they're voting. And the one thing that we have to remember that there's been a lot of radicalism talked about, and the radicalism is really on the left because they're willing to do abortions in the eighth and ninth months -- month and even beyond that.

Donald Trump: I mean, we have some people -- the governor -- take a look at the governor of Virginia, the former governor of Virginia, where he talked about we will kill the baby after the baby is born. That's a very radical stance. And hopefully, that's all going to be taken off the table now. But just to put it simply, it's now up to the states.

Donald Trump: And like Ronald Reagan, I'm a believer in the exceptions, the three exceptions, as you know, and rape, incest, life of the mother, the danger for the life of the mother. And we have a situation now where it's in the states' hands and the states are going to be voting. The last thing people want -- the people are going to be voting.

Donald Trump: The last thing people want is for that to go back into the federal government. It was always fought. And very importantly, and people wanted it, they wanted it back in the states where it belongs legally and for a lot of other reasons.

Jason Calacanis: So, you wouldn't support a national ban?

Donald Trump: No, I wouldn't support a national ban. No, I would not.

David Friedberg: Just shifting back to foreign policy for a moment, Mr. President, on the relationship with China. It's funny how Democrats and Republicans seem to have a unified voice and banging the drums on the rise of China. Do you think that war with China is inevitable? And if not, how do we avoid it?

Donald Trump: I think it's not inevitable. I think it's unlikely. I know President Xi very well, and we got along great, until COVID. Then I wasn't so happy with him because they gave it to us. I said it came from the Wuhan lab. I was right about that. They said then it started in Italy and then it started in France. It started everywhere but there.

Donald Trump: But it started in China. And it was a -- many, many millions of people died all over the world, and it cost the world probably $60 trillion, which is more money than China has and more money than anybody has. The death and destruction has been unbelievable. But I think it's -- I think it's high -- if you have the right president, we can live at peace with China, we can do very well with China, compete with China.

Donald Trump: But we don't have the right president right now. He's not respected by China. He's being laughed at by China. And he's a Manchurian candidate. I mean, he's received money from China, his family. And that makes him, to me, somebody that shouldn't be negotiating. I think he's got a conflict of interest. But no, I don't see war with China as being inevitable at all.

Jason Calacanis: President Trump, do you think that Fauci and our government funded gain-of-function research, and do you think we should really be pursuing the investigation deeply into that? And if we did fund gain-of-function research, what does that say about our government and taking ownership of it? Because a lot of us lost a lot of years, kids didn't go to school, and it caused economic damage.

Jason Calacanis: As you pointed out earlier, the amount of money you had to spend to try to avoid a depression was really severe. And if we funded that, what does that make you think about our government and then Fauci covering it up? If that is, in fact, true what does that make you think about our government?

Donald Trump: So, if you remember, I'm the one that stopped it, and I stopped it maybe for a lucky reason or an unusual reason. I said, "Why are we paying money to China?" It wasn't about gain-of-function or anything else. It was why are we paying money to China? China got a lot of money and they're doing fine. You know, we're considered like -- they want us to consider them a growing nation, a nation in distress, all sorts of things because they always take advantage of every treaty by saying that they need -- you know, they're an improving nation.

Donald Trump: I heard the other day, they have all different terms for changing, but they're a growing nation. Well, we're a growing nation, too. We're a nation that's becoming a third-world nation based on what we're seeing. But I was the one that stopped that when I saw that. I was the one that stopped that. The Fauci thing is an interesting phenomena.

Donald Trump: He's a much -- I was not a big fan of his, as you know. He said, "No, let everybody come in from China." I overrode him on that. I overrode him on a lot, but he wanted the people from China. When I heard about this, I stopped it. We had a room loaded up with people and nobody could even believe it, but I stopped it. We would have lost hundreds of thousands of people more, maybe more -- much more, maybe over the millions, but hundreds of thousands of people more had I not stopped people coming in from China because --

Jason Calacanis: Did he lie to you about the origin of COVID?

Donald Trump: Well, I've always said the origin was -- you know, where it came from, where it originally came from was the Wuhan lab. I happen to think it escaped from the Wuhan lab. I mean, I don't believe it came from the bats in 2,000 miles away caves. I don't believe it came from other countries, as China tried to convince people it did.

Donald Trump: I thought it should have been called the China virus because it was a very much more accurate term than COVID. Nobody knows what COVID even means. Why is it COVID? But no, I was always --

Jason Calacanis: But did Fauci lie to you, I guess, is what the American people want to know. Did Fauci lie to you? And if he did, should he be prosecuted?

Donald Trump: I don't think I dealt -- you have to understand, Fauci was a much bigger factor in the Biden administration than he was in the Trump administration. I didn't rely on him that much because I didn't trust him. I would say got along with him fine. Not really. But I didn't trust him. And again, I was the one that stopped the money going to China.

Donald Trump: I didn't like it. I didn't stop it because of COVID. I didn't stop it because of anything other than why are we paying money to China. It was strange. They should pay us money. We shouldn't pay them money. And one of the things I can tell you, the World Health Organization. So, we pay them almost $500 million and China pays them $39 million.

Donald Trump: And so, I got out of the World Health Organization. They did absolutely nothing. They called it totally wrong. I got out. They called me, and they said, "We'll do anything to keep you in, anything, anything." I said, "Well, why are they paying 39 million and we're paying almost 500 million?" And they said, "Well, we'll work out a deal where you can pay much less." I said, "Well, now you're starting to talk." But even that, it was very popular when I got out.

Donald Trump: It was a very -- politically, it would have been very hard to go back in. People were thrilled that I got out. I could have made a deal to go in for 39 million. They offered me a deal to go in for 39 million. I'd actually turned it down. I said, you know, it should be a -- it should be -- if you look at we're at 350 million and they're at 1.4 billion people, right?

Donald Trump: So, it should have been 25% or less than that. But I didn't want to quibble. But I could have gone back in immediately for $39 million, as opposed to $500 million. Then a horrible, horrible election which helped destroy our country took place in 2020, and they went back in and they're paying more than $500 million.

Donald Trump: And they knew I could have made a deal. Now, it's a lot of money. Not when you talk about the world, but it's still a lot of money. But it shows you the stupidity of the whole thing. They could have made a deal for 39 million. Instead, they're paying much more than they paid even before. And that's the way the mindset of our country is. And here's the big part, China totally controls the WHO.

Donald Trump: China totally controls them. We have very little control over them. And now, they want to give control over our whole country to them, which would be a terrible mistake.

Chamath Palihapitiya: Fauci brings up sort of the kind of deep-state personality that you talked about in 2016 that's kind of like riddled all over the government. How much progress do you think you made and how -- what do you want to do if you become president in November? And do you have goals around the deep state this time around, and what are they?

Donald Trump: Well, I have a lot of things. I mean, I did a lot of things in the FBI. I fired a lot of their top people, including Comey, who was terrible at what he did, a terrible person, and terrible at what he did. I fired McCabe. And, you know, I don't have to go through Lisa and Strzok and all of the lovers, and I fired the whole group of people.

Donald Trump: I got rid of them. And -- and, you know, so many of the agents are so incredible in the FBI down below, but we got rid of a lot. We -- you take a look at the World Health again. We got out of the World Health. We got out of the -- this is a similar thing that -- you know, this is really similar to your answer, but we got out of the World Health Organization, which was a tremendous thing.

Donald Trump: We got rid of the Paris accord. The Paris accord was a disaster for us. We were going to pay $1 trillion and other countries were paying nothing. Russia was paying nothing. China was paying nothing. It didn't even kick in for China until 2030. Whereas, with us, it kicked in immediately. So, I got rid of the Paris accord.

Donald Trump: I did a lot of things having to do with not only people, but tremendous amounts of money, because the Paris accord was so unfair. And I said, you know, when I do this, people are not going to like it, but I have to do it because it's right. People loved it. The public understood it. They loved it. And now, they've gone back into the Paris accord at the same terms and even worse than the terms I got out.

Donald Trump: It's really a shame. It's so many things. It's so sad to see so many things. I mean, the WHO, the Paris accord, you take a look at these things, they could have gone back -- if they wanted to go back, if they had to, they could have gone back for a fraction of what they were doing. And they're very unfair to the United States.

Donald Trump: We're like a lapdog for every other country.

David Sacks: Mr. President, I know you're running out of time here, so -- but we haven't had a chance to -- for you to speak to the border situation yet. So, I want to give you a chance to -- to address that because that's always been really one of the -- your main issues since all the way since 2016. You wanted to build a wall.

David Sacks: The Democrats did everything they could to thwart that. You built the wall. But then Biden left a bunch of holes in it and then sold off the parts for scrap metal.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

David Sacks: And now, we've had the -- and repealed your executive order. So, I want to give you a chance to speak to that. But one piece I want to just add in as a follow-up question is, a lot of tech CEOs say if we fix the border, can we get more H-1Bs for tech workers? So, can you address that as well as what's going on with the border?

Donald Trump: Yes. So, we built hundreds of miles of wall, David, as you know, and we're very proud of it. We did it as per specification by the Border Patrol. They wanted exactly the wall that we did with the climb panel on top; with steel, concrete, and then rebar; and all of the things that they wanted. They wanted to have vision through it, clearly through it. And -- because I thought about concrete plank, frankly, going up 40 feet or 50 feet, and they -- they didn't like that.

Donald Trump: They wanted to have vision through, and I understood that, too. I sort of disagreed with it, but that's OK. We actually brought climbers in, Mount Everest climbers to climb. And -- and we built a very hard wall to climb. It's a very effective wall. And we built hundreds of miles, and then we were going to add quite a bit at the very end.

Donald Trump: And we -- we bought about 200 additional miles, and it was ready to be put up. It could have been put up in three weeks, maybe four weeks. And areas that were rough areas, that where people are coming in because as you build the wall, they go in different areas, right? They go further out. The -- it was so effective.

Donald Trump: It was so effective. Mexico gave us a lot of troops for free because of a certain negotiation that I had with them. You heard that. But it was so effective, the wall. But Biden, they didn't want to put up those slats that were going up routinely by us. That means you had gaps. You had -- as an example, you had gates in certain area that we put up. We were going to put up big, powerful gates that we could open and you could let equipment through, etc., etc.

Donald Trump: if you needed it. And they got rid of everything. They sold it for $0.05 on the dollar, much of it, $0.05 on the dollar. I said I can't believe it. And that's the first time that I said they're serious. They actually want open borders. They want an open border. Nobody could believe it. I couldn't believe it because I never believed they wanted an open border because who would be stupid enough to want an open border?

Donald Trump: Look what's happened with an open border. I was very proud of that. We built -- we had the safest border in the history of our country. And now, we have the worst border in the history of the world. We had a safe border. I had the Remain in Mexico policy, catch and release in Mexico, not in the United States.

Donald Trump: Everything was so good. But the Remain in Mexico was a big deal. Not easy to get, but it was a big deal. They were in Tijuana, hundreds of thousands of people. They had to be approved to come into our country. And now, you look at what's happened. We've been overrun. It's an invasion of our country by people.

Donald Trump: Many people come out of jails and prisons. They come out of mental institutions, insane asylums. And we have terrorists coming into our country at a level that we've never seen before. It's very sad.

David Sacks: I never understood why the wall was so controversial. You know, every country needs to have a border, and a wall is a really good way to enforce a border. I never understood why they were so animated about stopping you from building the wall after you ran on that issue in 2016. They held you up for years with litigation.

David Sacks: And then, like you said, they wouldn't just finish the little pieces of it, and they left big holes in it. And I think you're right, the only conclusion is they want an open border. I mean, how else do you explain it?

Donald Trump: They want to destroy our country. You know, the fact is it's -- it's incredible. The big mistake I made, I should have said, "I will not build a wall. We do not want a wall." And that wall would have gone up in 15 minutes.

Jason Calacanis: The more important point, I think, Mr. President, is we need highly skilled workers in this country.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Jason Calacanis: We need to recruit the best and brightest from the world.

Donald Trump: I agree.

Jason Calacanis: Every time we get somebody super intelligent from India or Europe, any country, that's one less --

David Friedberg: Three of us are immigrants, sir.

Jason Calacanis: Yeah. And three of the four here are immigrants, the ones without the ties. And we could get these great people into our country. And that's a loss for our adversaries and our competitors, and it's a gain for us. But I've never heard you talk about this. Can you please promise us you will give us more ability to import the best and brightest around the world to America?

Donald Trump: I do promise, but I happen to agree. That's why I promise. Otherwise, I wouldn't promise. Let me just tell you that it's so sad when we lose people from Harvard, MIT, from the greatest schools and lesser schools that are phenomenal schools also. And what I wanted to do, and I would have done this, but then we had to solve the COVID problem because that came in and, you know, sort of dominated for a little while, as you perhaps know.

Donald Trump: But what I want to do and what I will do is you graduate from a college, I think you should get automatically, as part of your diploma, a green card to be able to stay in this country. And that includes junior colleges, too. Anybody graduates from a college, you go in there for two years or four years. If you graduate or you get a doctorate degree from a college, you should be able to stay in this country.

Donald Trump: And you know more stories than I do, but I know of stories where people graduated from a top college or from a college, and they desperately wanted to stay here. They had a plan for a company, a concept, and they can't. They go back to India, they go back to China. They do the same basic company in those places, and they become multibillionaires, employing thousands and thousands of people.

Donald Trump: And it could have been done here. And a bigger example is you -- that you need a pool of people to work for your companies. You have great companies, and they have to be smart people. Not everybody can be less than smart. You need brilliant people. And we forced the brilliant people, the people that graduate from college, the people that are No. 1 in their class from the best colleges, you have to be able to recruit these people and keep the people.

Donald Trump: It was such a big deal. Somebody graduates at the top of the class. They can't even make a deal with a company because they don't think they're going to be able to stay in the country. That is going to end on day one.

Chamath Palihapitiya: That's fantastic.

David Sacks: Yeah. That's great.

Chamath Palihapitiya: That's fantastic.

David Sacks: Well, I think we all wholeheartedly agree with that. Being in the -- being in the tech industry, we understand the importance of that. They're telling us that you have to go to dinner, Mr. President. So, thank you so much for spending so much time with us. We really appreciate it. It's been great having this conversation with you.

Chamath Palihapitiya: Hold on. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I have to ask, sir --

David Sacks: Yeah. Go, Chamath. You got --

Chamath Palihapitiya: I have to ask one question, sir. When you got elected in '20 -- in the 2016 election, you said the first thing or one of the things you wanted to do was release the JFK file. And then you said later, "I saw it and I just -- I wasn't really ready to do it." And then I saw a clip where you changed your mind and you said, "I think we're ready to see this file." And I'm just curious --

Jason Calacanis: What's in it?

Chamath Palihapitiya: Well, I don't know --

Jason Calacanis: Tell us right now.

Chamath Palihapitiya: What happens? Like what --

Donald Trump: I actually did do it. I released a lot, as you know. But when it came to the whole thing, I was hit by some people that worked for me, that are great people, that you would respect, and they asked me not to do it. And I'm saying, "Why? Tell me why." And they said, "Sir, I think it needs a little more time." And I released a lot.

Donald Trump: But I said, if they feel so strongly, I respect the people and would -- would have done that again. But this time, I'm just going to do it.

Jason Calacanis: RFK says the CIA killed his -- his uncle. Do you believe that?

Donald Trump: Well, this wasn't CIA that asked me, but I think CIA was probably behind it. But they didn't -- they would have preferred that I not release the rest of it. So, we -- we did give quite a bit. It's going to be done early on. A lot of people want to see that. And whatever it may say, I won't say -- I sort of have an idea, but whatever it is, it'll be very interesting for people to see, and we're going to have to learn from it.

Jason Calacanis: Promise us you'll come back again, Mr. President. It's been a great hour.

Donald Trump: You know, there are other things we're going to release, too. We're going to release --

David Sacks: That's amazing.

Jason Calacanis: Like what? What else do you got?

Donald Trump: We'll talk to you about it off-camera.

Jason Calacanis: Aliens?

Donald Trump: By the way, I, generally speaking -- and there are reasons not to release certain things, obviously. But I generally -- you know, it's transparency and I think it's important that we release that. And there are other things, too. There are other things that you know about. But people, more than anything else, they want the JFK files.

Donald Trump: We're going to release that immediately.

Jason Calacanis: You have a prediction for the debate next week. What's going to happen?

Donald Trump: Well, all I can say is this. I watched him with Paul Ryan and he destroyed Paul Ryan, Paul Ryan with the water. He was chugging water at a left and right. I didn't think a human being would be able to drink so much water at one time. And he beat Paul Ryan. So, I'm not underestimating him. I'm not underestimating him.

Donald Trump: It is what it is. We'll see what happens. But you take a look at the last one. I happen to think he's incompetent for a lot of reasons. I think he's incompetent because he has gotten the worst policies, both foreign policy and internal policy. I mean, who would not want to have a wall? Who wants to have millions of people pouring in? Who wants to have high taxes?

Donald Trump: You know, taxes are going to raise by four times if this guy has his plan.

Jason Calacanis: Is he in cognitive decline? Do you believe he's in cognitive decline, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Well, I shouldn't be the one to say that, but I don't think he's doing particularly well. But I didn't think he was well 25 years ago. I thought he was not a smart person. And that was told to me by a certain member of the Kennedy family who was actually very friendly with me through a Palm Beach relationship.

Donald Trump: And I was told that very strongly. But -- so I was never a fan of his. But I will say, he beat -- he beat Paul Ryan. It was still years ago, but he beat Paul Ryan pretty badly. And I assume he's going to be somebody that will be a worthy debater. Yeah, I would say.

David Sacks: OK.

Donald Trump: I think -- I don't want to underestimate him.

David Friedberg: All right.

David Sacks: I think that's smart. Well, your team is telling us that they need you to go to a dinner, Mr. President. Obviously, we could keep going for hours and hours, but it's been great to --

Donald Trump: We could.

David Sacks: We could. But it's been great to -- great to have you for the last hour here, and it's been great to getting to know you with the dinner that we did. And we hope that you'll come back on our show. Podcasts are getting bigger and bigger. So, hopefully, in your second term, you'll come on here and talk to us again.

Donald Trump: You think Biden would do this interview? I don't think so.

David Sacks: Absolutely not. Absolutely not.

Donald Trump: I don't think so.

Chamath Palihapitiya: No, I don't think so.

David Sacks: We've invited him.

Donald Trump: I don't think he's doing these interviews.

David Friedberg: We have invited him, sir.

David Sacks: Yeah.

Donald Trump: So, that's -- it's an honor to be with you all. Very good question.

David Friedberg: We appreciate it, sir. Thank you.

Chamath Palihapitiya: Very appreciate it very much, sir. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Chamath Palihapitiya: Thank you, sir.