Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-lawrence-jones-fox-news-rochester-new-hampshire-january-21-2024

Lawrence Jones: Ron DeSantis, you supported him to be governor in Florida. You tell the story about how you thought that, in return, he should have supported you. It's a loyalty thing for you. Anyway, he decided to run. But now he's getting out of the race.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Lawrence Jones: My question to you is, is there a moment where y'all can come back together? Because y'all really were friends before. Is that possible?

Donald Trump: Well, you know, I endorsed him. I didn't know him as well as you might think, but I did endorse him. And I had some fun with it because I watched somebody who was not in the race, and all of a sudden, he was in the race. And then, he did a good job as governor. So, I was happy with that. But I was disappointed when they asked him whether or not he'd run, and he said, "I have no comment." Because, to me, when you say no comment, that means you're running.

Donald Trump: And we took it -- I think I took it quite seriously, and it doesn't matter now because he got out. He --

Lawrence Jones: So, that's water under the bridge now?

Donald Trump: Totally. As far as I'm concerned -- look, he endorsed me. You know, he endorsed me. And I -- we have policies very similar, actually. I think those people will all come to me.

Lawrence Jones: Is there a possibility, since you say it's water under the bridge, he can be vice president or serve in your cabinet? He hasn't asked for any of those positions, I don't think.

Donald Trump: No, he hasn't. No, he --

Lawrence Jones: But is there a possible -- the joining of forces?

Donald Trump: Well, it's probably unlikely. But, you know, I have to be honest, everything's a possibility, but I think it's highly unlikely. I have a lot of great people, and I have great people that have been with me right from the beginning.

Lawrence Jones: What is your message to someone that would have voted for Ron DeSantis or supported them? What do you tell them now that he's endorsed you?

Donald Trump: Well, I think it just -- it sort of magnifies, if I can say that, because he and I had very -- look, I want strong borders, he wanted strong borders. I want low taxes. I gave you the largest tax cut in history. Nobody ever -- bigger than the Ronald Reagan tax cut. He wants that. I want a strong military.

Donald Trump: He wants that. He doesn't want wars. Although I may be a little bit even more so on that not wanting wars. We have wars in places that nobody ever heard of before. And we're losing. You know, you talk about blood and wealth. We lose so stupidly. And a lot of the things that he wanted, I wanted. And I think -- you know, in fact, I noticed people commentary there saying, "Well, all of those people that would be for him would be for Trump." And so, I was honored that he endorsed me this quickly.

Donald Trump: I mean, it's not easy. Look, it's not easy. He fought hard, spent a lot of money, and a lot of people thought he'd do well. You know, I was leading from the beginning, just so you understand. And I did very well in Florida, more votes than anybody ever got. I got more votes in Florida than anybody ever got.

Donald Trump: But he was doing well. And I think he did the right thing. I don't -- you know, look, I can talk about somebody else's campaign. I didn't see a path. I don't see a path for her at all.