Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-sean-hannity-podcast-january-16-2024

John Solomon: All right, folks, we're here at Mar-a-Lago with President Trump, America's 45th president. We're going to talk about all of the issues of the day and the emergence of the Trump doctrine. I know a lot of people want that doctrine back in the White House. Sir, thank you for joining us today.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much, Jim.

John Solomon: I want to start with something that I know we saw all through your presidency, the media's treatment of you. It doesn't matter what the facts are, there seems to always be a negative headline even if it's contrived. How do you deal with that personally and how do you want to deal with it professionally?

Donald Trump: Well, they're fake and they're crooked and they're corrupt, and it's a horrible thing. And people didn't know it to anywhere near the extent before me and now they know it. I mean, the public understands it. They lie; they cheat; I've never seen anything like it. I never knew it was that corrupt. I knew it was -- there was a lot of fake stuff going on, but since I got into politics, I had a lot of media before, you know, with The Apprentice and all the things I've done and the business.

Donald Trump: But I've never seen anything like it. You cannot -- they will not write a good story. I have great poll numbers; they don't put them out. I have great things happening like, just the other day, we had a fantastic rally in Georgia. Some guy from -- I think it's NPR or something; I never heard of the person -- said, oh, the rally wasn't well attended.

Donald Trump: The sheriff just said it was 25,000 people. He said it was a couple of thousand people or less than 5,000 people. We had less than 5,000 people -- and we had 5,000 people in the first few rows. I think you were there, your people, your cameramen are just saying, sir, that rally was packed. And we had 25,000, maybe 35,000 people and then other people pick it up, oh, the Trump rally.

Donald Trump: These rallies, you can't even get into them. The people get there at 6:00 -- and I have to put up with this. I had the Washington Post write a story that a rally I was giving in an arena, that the arena was empty. It was a man that you know very well in the Washington Post, and it was empty about 10 hours before.

Donald Trump: He was sitting there, and he showed an empty -- thousands of people outside waiting to get in and then they came -- and he had to do an apology actually because the arena was packed. And you know who went after him, the people in the arena because they saw it that it was an empty arena and you couldn't -- I mean, they used the steps as seats, it was thousands and thousands of people, more than -- far more than an NBA game.

Donald Trump: His name was Wigle or Wiggle for the Washington Post and he had to do an apology. It was fake news, and they do it all the time. They did it with my inauguration. They take pictures hours and hours before the inauguration starts and then they talk about the crowd. We had a massive crowd and if you see the late pictures when I was speaking, but they don't show those pictures.

John Solomon: Not at all.

Donald Trump: We have such a corrupt media. But this rally in Georgia was a tremendous hit, in actually bad weather. You know, we had weather that was very cold, and it was cold in South Carolina. That was another great one. But these are cold rallies right now, and the people are showing up by the tens of thousands. In Texas we had 87,000 people.

Donald Trump: In Alabama where Mo Brooks blew it -- by the way, Mo Brooks, there's another story. So, he has a 53-point lead after I endorse him; nothing before I endorsed him. He's got a 53-point lead and then he goes out and starts talking about let's get on to the future; let's not talk about the 2020 election fraud anymore, which you cover better than anybody.

Donald Trump: He loses his entire lead, and he goes from first place unbeatable to last place and he's not going to do anything. He gets booed out of the stadium, gets booed out. I never saw it. I've never heard. I said what did he say, and there was only one thing he said. He said let's get on to the future. Let's forget about the 2020 election.

Donald Trump: So, he goes from first place to last place in a period of one hour. But the press doesn't say that. They say my endorsement didn't have the weight. My endorsement lifted him up to -- he was winning by 54 points.

John Solomon: What was your record in the last election?

Donald Trump: Oh, well, 33 or nothing in Texas. But no, my records, hundreds and hundreds to like two or three. And it's very important to me, you know, that -- and I endorse a lot of people that are long shots. Look, we're fighting a governor who's done a very poor job in Georgia, and a horrible job on the election, and hopefully David Perdue is going to win.

Donald Trump: I mean that's -- you know, these are not sure things. And if I lose one along the way, which you have to, right, they're going to say this was a humiliating experience. They'll make it like I could be 100 wins and one loss, and they'd make it sound like this is a humiliating -- these are really dishonest people.

Amanda Head: OK, Mr. President, since you brought up Mo Brooks -- after withdrawing his endorsement, there are some other candidates that you have endorsed that a lot of the MAGA faithful and America First faithful are dubious about. Are there other candidates that you've already endorsed that are on the chopping block?

Donald Trump: Well, there were a couple that I endorsed that people weren't happy about, but you know they stuck with me, etc., etc. And I endorsed some that said bad things about me. But if you go by that I wouldn't be able to endorse too many. You know, if you think about it, you go back to 2016 because --

John Solomon: Sure, yeah, I would expect it.

Donald Trump: They were with Ted Cruz, or they were with Marco, or they were with somebody. So, you know, they said a lot of bad things. I think overall, they're very happy with them and some are really out there. But some are -- there are a few that they weren't particularly happy with. I understand that. And sometimes, by the way, I'm not that happy too.

Donald Trump: I'll say, wow, I didn't know they said this or that. But in the Mo Brooks case, he had something that he was fighting for, which is election integrity of 2020. And he walked away; he gave it up. I was there. I have never heard a person get booed like that.

Amanda Head: Well, we covered that rally and the anger was visceral, I mean --

Donald Trump: He blew the election. I told him, I said you have a 54-point lead. You just blew the election. And then they blame it on me. They say, well, his endorsement isn't what it used to be -- had nothing to do. I gave him a 54-point lead. He then went against me, and you know who he hired? He hired people that worked for John McCain and worked for I think Romney.

Donald Trump: And they gave him some really great advice, they said, let's forget about it [Laughter] So, it's one of those things, but it's sad. I hate to see it. I've never, you know, to endorse a candidate. But I don't want to -- you know, if I stayed with him, they'll say Trump endorsed him and he went down in flames.

Donald Trump: Well, he went down in flames from a 54-point lead -- and if he didn't show up to the rally, he would have won this election in a landslide. I don't even think the other two people would have run. So, they gave him very bad advice, and he listened. Then he tried to take it back, but you can't take it back, it doesn't work.

John Solomon: Well, once out always out. Sir, when you handed over the keys to 1600, the world was pretty peaceful, gas was $2.

Donald Trump: Right. Very peaceful.

John Solomon: Inflation was down to almost nothing. The border was completely secured in a way we haven't seen in decades. Now it's a mess. I want to start with Ukraine and Russia. What would you do if you got back in office to try to put that situation back together to get peace in Eastern Europe? And do you think the president made a big mistake when he called out and said he wanted Putin removed from power?

Donald Trump: So, first of all, would have never happened. I have to say that. This would have never happened, Ukraine. And I spoke to Putin about it. I know Putin very well. I spoke to him about a lot of things. And I spoke to him about Ukraine because I know he wanted it. But he knew he could not do it, not with me. And I don't have to go into the statement, but you know what the statement I made was, but it was a strong statement, don't do it. It was a strong statement.

Donald Trump: And he didn't do it and he wouldn't have done it. You know, I see where Sleepy Eyes, Chuck Todd, on NBC, Meet the Fake Press. He goes out and he said to somebody something I said, I couldn't believe it. Maybe I'll have to change my mind about Chuck Todd, because he said how come this never happened in Trump?

Donald Trump: There were no planes flying over Taiwan. There were no threats. Now Taiwan's under threat, serious threat. And there were -- there was nothing -- nothing happened in Ukraine. You didn't even really hear about Ukraine with -- all of a sudden, I'm out and they start forming on the border. And I actually thought it was a negotiating ploy.

Donald Trump: I thought it was very smart because they said that's a good way to negotiate, but it wasn't. And I think if Putin had it to do again, he would have maybe done everything the same, but he wouldn't have gone in. No, I thought he was negotiating. And so did a lot of people, most people didn't think he'd do this.

Donald Trump: And I think what forced him to do it was Afghanistan. When he saw how bad we -- how incompetently we handled that removal -- and I'm the one that got it down to 2,000 soldiers, except we're going to keep Bagram because of China. It's right next to China, one hour where they make their -- one hour away from where they make their nuclear weapons.

Donald Trump: I think what happened, he was on the border, he had 200,000 people, he was negotiating, he was going to make a good deal and then he saw what happened in Afghanistan. And he said, man, these guys are incompetent, let's go in. And he didn't know the force that he'd be met with. It was a pretty big force.

Amanda Head: I think a lot of Americans are recognizing that the problems we are experiencing right now were not a reality when you were in the White House. If you run and win in 2024, as far as foreign policy, the foreign policy blunders, the JCPOA, Afghanistan, Russia, Ukraine. If you run and win and you have to triage all of those issues, what do you think is the most important to tackle first?

Donald Trump: Well, I loved your question, especially the first part, because these things would have -- we would have never been talking. I'll give you an example, supply chain. You go to a store, they don't have bread, we're like a third world country. They don't have things. You go to buy something at Tiffany, you go to buy something at a hardware store, high, low, they don't have product.

Donald Trump: They say -- even me when I order things like furnishings for a building or something, they say it's going to take nine months to get it. It used to be like same-day service. Supply chain -- we never even heard the term. It wasn't like the system was working, the system is totally broken, our system is broken and we're going into socialism and we're going into communism.

Donald Trump: You know, I see where the people of Russia don't know they're in a war, it's very interesting. Well, our people, we're treated the same. We're getting to that point. As an example, with Hunter Biden where they didn't report any of the activities on the laptop. But it was worse than that, you know that. It wasn't like they didn't report, they knew it was bad, it was -- they say 17 points bad for Biden, and we won it by a lot anyway, but that way you couldn't have, it was so big.

Donald Trump: And so, seven -- it made a 17-point difference. And then they announced a year, almost a year and a half later that by the way we got it wrong. But they didn't get it wrong, they did that on purpose and so did other of the media. And they said the laptop was made by Russia. Think of it.

Amanda Head: It's always Russia.

Donald Trump: In all fairness, people at that time must have thought we were nuts, the whole thing.

John Solomon: He had to be laughing.

Donald Trump: He's probably sitting back, and we made him look good because if it was done by Russia, it was so genius, right? But it wasn't done by Russia. It had nothing to do with Russia, Russia, Russia. But they made it Russia. Russia's always the bad one. You ever notice it's never China; it's always Russia?

John Solomon: It's always Russia.

Amanda Head: It's always Russia, Russia, Russia.

Donald Trump: And that's because they're all making money [Inaudible]

John Solomon: They're reversing all your China policies now.

Donald Trump: All the crooked politicians are making money out of it.

John Solomon: That's what it is.

Donald Trump: I think we have a lot of things we have to do. We have to immediately seal up the border and we have to get a lot of the people out, because many of these people came from prisons in these countries. And last month there were 129 countries, it's no longer just those few countries including Mexico that I talk about all the time.

Donald Trump: It's now like 140 countries. Some people said they didn't know there were that many. They're just flooding in. And they're almost all letting their prisoners out into the United States. Why wouldn't they? It's very expensive keeping prisoners and they don't want them anyway. So, that's one thing we have to do. We have to straighten out inflation, which we can do much easier than people know.

Donald Trump: I think if you got the energy cost -- you know I had energy down to $1.87 a gallon. Think of that. Forget about the price per barrel because most people don't know what that means. But we're setting records. We're setting records. But we now have the most expensive gasoline in the history of our country, and we had it down below $2, way, way down below.

Donald Trump: Actually, in one way I had to get it up because I said I don't want to lose the oil companies, OK. And you know some of them don't love me because I made them work harder and make less money. They worked harder and made less money, but it was a beautiful thing. But if energy comes down, it's so important.

Donald Trump: Other parts of inflation are coming down. I was seeing today, I read where food is going to make energy look like it's a good deal. That the food prices are going to go up much more very soon, much more than the energy prices did. And the energy prices, now I'm seeing in places like Midwest stuff, Midwest where it was never that bad.

Donald Trump: In California it would go up to $7 or $8. But in the Midwest, I hear it's over $5.

John Solomon: It is.

Donald Trump: But it's going to go up -- and I predicted this; during the debates I predicted this. And one thing while I'm on your show, as long as Putin now is not exactly a fan of our country, let him explain where did -- because Chris Wallace wouldn't let me ask the question, why did the mayor of Moscow's wife give the Bidens, both of them, $3.5 million?

Donald Trump: That's a lot of money. She gave them $3.5 million. So, now I would think Putin would know the answer to that. I think he should release it. I think we should know that answer. Now, you won't get the answer from Ukraine, but why are they giving somebody who knows nothing about energy, $187,000 a month plus a $3 million upfront payment?

Donald Trump: And I won't even talk about China because they haven't gone into Taiwan yet, that'll be next. But why did the mayor of Moscow's wife give the Biden family $3.5 million? Nobody wants to ask the question. And Chris Wallace, who's a total lightweight, unlike his father who interviewed me for 60 minutes, it was actually a good piece.

Donald Trump: Mike Wallace was great. He wants to be Mike Wallace, but he doesn't have the talent. But why is it that the mayor of Moscow's wife gave the Biden family $3.5 million? I think Putin now would be willing to probably give that answer. I'm sure he knows.

John Solomon: And there are $200 million more mentioned in the documents that went to other entities around him. It's the numbers -- it's crazy.

Amanda Head: Yeah. It's the tip of the iceberg.

John Solomon: You mentioned China, Mr. President. When you were president, you did something called the quad that really built regional strength there. If you got back in office, would you focus on creating a NATO, a PATO for the Pacific?

Donald Trump: Well, I think this NATO maybe should be involved. You know, we spent so much money defending Europe and then they took advantage of us very badly on trade. They were almost as bad as China, frankly. How many cars are being sold in Berlin, let's say Chevrolets or Fords? How about none. How many anything's are being sold?

Donald Trump: They don't take our farm products, they don't take our cars, they don't take most of our products and then we defend them under NATO and they didn't pay their bills. And they love to say, oh, Trump wasn't -- well, I did a great job, Fernando, because in fact the one person that loves me is Stoltenberg. He said, I didn't think it was possible.

Donald Trump: I came in, first meeting I had to get a little familiar with it, right? 28 countries where many of them, 20 of them were not paid or paid far less than they were supposed to be. And I said, fellas, you're delinquent -- in most cases, fellas, let's see, in two cases not. I said you're delinquent, you're not paying your bills, you've got to pay your bills.

Donald Trump: We'll talk about it the next time. The next time I went in and they asked me the question, they said will you defend us from Russia, originally, Soviet Union, but now Russia, if we're not paid up? I said no, I won't. I will not, not while I'm president.

John Solomon: The money poured in.

Donald Trump: I saved NATO.

John Solomon: Yeah, yeah.

Donald Trump: $425 billion -- billion -- came in like clockwork, OK?

John Solomon: Major success.

Donald Trump: But you know who didn't pay up? Germany didn't pay up and some others. They take advantage of us, they really do. And it's sort of a shame, but I'm the best thing that ever happened to NATO because I made them pay. So, NATO has plenty of money now and, by the way, that's another -- I'm the one brought up Nord Stream 2.

John Solomon: Yeah.

Donald Trump: You never -- even you -- you're the best, you never heard of Nord Stream 2, I'm the one that

John Solomon: You blocked it.

Donald Trump: I terminated, they weren't going to have it, he then opened it. And I'm the one that got NATO the money to defend themselves against Russia. And then they'd say Russia is -- he's so nice to Russia. I'm the one that put the biggest sanctions on Russia. And China, by the way, in fact, now he wants to take the tariffs off China.

Donald Trump: You know why? For inflation. Figure that one out. He wants to take tariffs off China to cover our inflation.

John Solomon: He also ended your Chinese spying program. All the work you did to rein in the spies.

Donald Trump: We had that down to a science and they ended it. Well, don't forget, his son manages $1.5 billion of Chinese money, even though the biggest people on Wall Street can't do that. I asked the two biggest people, I said did you ever get a deal like that where you get a large sum? He said no, China doesn't do that.

Donald Trump: They manage their own money, he said.

John Solomon: So rare.

Amanda Head: Mr. President, there were a lot of things that you had down to a science. And I know that the border, there were more things you wanted to do, but it was so much better before. With the repealing of the Remain in Mexico policy now we're looking at --

Donald Trump: That was so important.

Amanda Head: Yeah. And the COVID era Title 42, that's going to be another 150,000 immigrants. The cynical side of me says it feels like controlled demolition. I don't want to believe that, but that's what it seems like with President Biden.

Donald Trump: They're destroying our country. I had the border to the best numbers ever in recorded history by far and they were only getting better. I had -- we were taking out thousands and thousands of bad people, criminals, MS-13. We were taking them out by the thousands, bringing them back to their countries. Their countries said no, I said that's OK, we're not going to pay the country anymore.

Donald Trump: We're not going to pay you the hundreds of millions. Then they said, yes, absolutely, we'd love to take them back. But they weren't being taken back under Obama at all. But with me they took them back. We got rid of thousands of people and now when I watch this coming -- they're all coming back in, those same people are coming back in.

John Solomon: Sure. 25 percent of them are.

Donald Trump: We never had a border so secure. Our drug numbers were way down. Now they're up 10 times. Our drug numbers were way, way down because it was so hard to get in. And we're only getting better. And the wall was very close -- other than the two and a half years I had to wait to win lawsuits. The wall was getting absolutely -- it was really in a -- just in a great -- it was in a great position.

Donald Trump: We were going to have it finished in three weeks and it really helped us anyway because we built hundreds of miles of wall, exactly the wall the Border Patrol wanted. So, when I watch to see what's happening, it's very, very sad. I mean, our country is being destroyed by these people. The border's a disaster.

Donald Trump: We're no longer respected. They don't respect our leader at all. They don't respect Biden at all. It's so sad to see what's happened to our great USA. But we can come back. I think these midterms are vital, just vital. And I think the House is in great shape. I think the Senate's hurt badly by Mitch McConnell, very badly.

Donald Trump: I think he's a -- he's terrible -- he's also terrible for our country, but it's hurt very badly by Mitch McConnell. I mean, look at what he does on the debt ceiling, he could have gotten everything. He gave it away for nothing. And then he gave them an infrastructure bill that's not infrastructure, only 9 percent is infrastructure, and he gave him a victory.

Donald Trump: I said to the people, other Senators, why did he do that? And we had certain Senators vote for that and some were very good people. I like them a lot. But I said what's wrong with you. Why do you do that? It's sad. So, he's bad. But I think we're going to do very well in the House. And we have a chance to get the Senate too.

Donald Trump: But I think we're going to do very well in the House.

Amanda Head: Well, I want to ask a follow-up while we're talking about Congress, because these comments went viral. At the rally, when Congressman Matt Gaetz brought up you being nominated for Speaker of the House and your reaction intrigued me because I couldn't tell one way or the other how you felt about that. Your reaction?

Donald Trump: No, I think that it's not something I wanted. A lot of people bring it up. It's brought up all the time.

Amanda Head: Yeah.

Donald Trump: No, it's not something I want to do. I want to look at what's happening and then we're going to be doing something else. No, it's not something I would be interested in.

John Solomon: Sir, last question because I know you have to run. Election integrity, there's still a lot of issues out there, not only from 2020, but the way the rules are set, citizen -- noncitizen voting creeping into some states, mass mailing of ballots still going on in a lot of places, ballot harvesting being looked at. Do you feel confident that Republicans can get control of the election system?

John Solomon: And what do they need to do?

Donald Trump: So, Georgia is very weak. They passed a very weak law. Texas passed a very strong law. Georgia, with this Kemp, doesn't even have signature verification, and the bill was sent to him with signature verification. He didn't want to have it. He's afraid of Stacey Abrams. There's something going on with Kemp.

Donald Trump: It's so badly run. Texas has a great law. Nothing's going to happen there. They have a great law. They passed a really very strong one and so did many other states. But it's like Florida. Everyone said, oh, Florida, Florida. But I won in like a landslide. The way you win is you have to win them because when they have no voter ID, defund the police, sanctuary cities, weak military, we're going to raise your taxes, no energy independence, all things that were all done and they're against it. Bad on religion, bad on the Second Amendment, bad on oil -- think of it, they said I'm going to have a close race in Texas, but they're against God, right?

Donald Trump: Just look at it, God, guns and oil. I won Texas in a record, right? But you know, the papers are so corrupt, the media is so corrupt that they actually build up a case like a tough race. We won that massively. We won many of them massively. I'd say we won every swing state by a lot and you are one of the people that cover it, you understand exactly what I'm talking about.

Donald Trump: It was corrupt. But when you have policies like that, like you're against the Second Amendment, there's so many different things. I don't believe they're a 5050 party. I think they cheat on elections, that's what I think. And the way you beat it also, in addition to what they're doing, is you have to swamp them because there comes a point when they can't cheat that much.

Donald Trump: I believe that happened in Florida, that's why I did so well.

Amanda Head: One final question. As far as the protection of midterm elections 2024 and the RNC's involvement, what more can they be doing to fortify the elections?

Donald Trump: Well, the vote counter in this last election was much more important than the candidate. And the vote counters were -- there was great dishonesty. Look, it's been proven. Look at Wisconsin what's going on. I think they may decertify their election, where they had almost 100 percent of people in nursing homes voted.

Donald Trump: But if you go over the last 30, 40 years, there was a tiny little percentage, you know. And then people would come forward, my mother didn't vote, my mother is in a coma. My father didn't vote. People died and they voted. Look, we have a very corrupt -- I never thought I'd be saying it, but we have -- and I can say it very nicely because anybody -- they don't ever want me to -- they never take me on, on that.

Donald Trump: They just go with the big lie. They keep saying the big lie, the big lie, but they never want to sort of, hey, sit down and let's talk, we'll go state by state.

John Solomon: Yeah, fact by fact.

Donald Trump: Remember, I offered to debate anybody on the election. You know, I didn't have one person

John Solomon: No one took you up, huh?

Donald Trump: I would get big, big ratings. I offered to debate any Democrat politician on the election of 2020, and they didn't because they can't defend it. If you look at Arizona, all you have to do is look at the findings. And don't forget, I so-called lost by a whisker, just a little bit. And then they have 10,000 votes here, 30,000 votes there -- all different ways, not just one.

John Solomon: Yeah, all different findings.

Donald Trump: So, I offered to do a debate, public debate, nobody took me on. So, it's one of those things. They know it's crooked. We have very crooked elections. We don't have a free press. We really don't have free speech anymore. It's very bad, very dangerous. These elections are going to be absolutely critical for this country.

Amanda Head: John, I think we have an idea for a week of shows, tackle a different state every night.

John Solomon: Yeah, let's do it.

Donald Trump: Very easy.

John Solomon: Let's see if we can get someone to come and debate you, we'll do it.

Donald Trump: It's so easy.

John Solomon: Yeah, it is.

Donald Trump: That would be the -- that would be the easiest of all, it would, it would.

John Solomon: Sir, thank you so much for your time. I know how busy you are. It's an honor to always be with you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

John Solomon: Thank you, sir.