Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-sid-rosenberg-wabc-radio-october-7-2024

Sid Rosenberg: Mr. President, how are you pal?

Donald Trump: Well, I'm good, and Bruce Blakeman is a great guy. You just mentioned the name, and he's a great guy doing a fantastic job out there, I'll tell you that. And it's good to be with you.

Sid Rosenberg: It's good to have you too. You know, people have called me courageous, President Trump, all week. I'm actually doing the show from a place called Sderot Israel, which they burned down the police department. They killed a bunch of people inside the kibbutzim, women, babies, children. So, I've been being called -- they call me courageous all week.

Sid Rosenberg: I said wait a second, wait a second. I'm courageous. How about my guy? He's going back to Butler, Pennsylvania. They shot him there. If I'm courageous, he's got to be Superman. In all seriousness, Mr. President, what was that like being back there on Saturday?

Donald Trump: Well, it was amazing. It was -- the people were incredible. You know, we had over 100,000 people. It was the most incredible group of people that you've ever seen, and we thought we would have 50 or 60 or 70 maybe. We had over 100, I think 108 it worked out to, and that was an incredible day. We had a singer.

Donald Trump: Christopher was incredible, opera singer. And it was just something -- and by the way, Lee Greenwood, let's not forget Lee Greenwood because that song is -- has become a big deal. You know, it's really become -- I think it's the No. 1 most popular song in that -- in that world. It's more popular -- "Isn't it more popular than the national anthem," somebody said.

Donald Trump: They took a listing. So, Lee Greenwood is fantastic, and he came and sang it himself. He does that. On like a big day, he'll come. "Sir, I'd like to sing the song." And his voice hasn't changed. He's like Elvis. You know, Elvis lost -- never lost his voice. Did you know that? He had other problems. He really -- he had some other problems, but he never -- they say he never lost his voice. So, Lee Greenwood never lost his voice.

Sid Rosenberg: You know, I sat with Lee in Milwaukee before the RNC. He was so excited to sing for you there, and you're right. He was great on Saturday. So, I'm glad all that went well, President Trump. And when you started off by saying as I was saying that was brilliant once again, showing why he is so great at what you do.

Sid Rosenberg: But here I am today in Israel and I know this. I know this. As a Jewish kid from Brooklyn, you're from Queens, you care about the Jewish people deeply. You know, I have to -- President Trump, they -- they'll call you an antisemite. I go, "Wait a second, wait a second. His daughter converted. She's Jewish, and she's a real good Jew, not a crappy Jew like Doug Emhoff," you know? She's a real good -- they're going to be in Temple this weekend from Yom Kippur.

Sid Rosenberg: His son-in-law, Jared, helped create the Abraham Accords with him. His grandchildren -- I know how much Trump loves his grandkids -- they're all Jewish. This means a lot to you. So, me being here October 7th, President Trump, I know this means a lot to you.

Donald Trump: Well, it does and nobody's done more for the Jewish people than I have. Nobody's done more for Israel as a president, maybe beyond being a president, if you want to know the truth. Golan Heights, I moved the capital; ended the Iran nuclear deal, which was a great thing to do, but Biden of course did nothing with it.

Donald Trump: You know, I had them where they would have made a deal. Any day, you could have walked away with a deal. I ended it, and it was a great thing. You know, Bibi never wanted it. He said, "Please, don't do it." It was very dangerous. It was a terrible thing, but they didn't do anything with it. But if you think about Golan Heights -- but if you think about Israel, OK, take -- take Israel and the capital of Israel going to Jerusalem, I did that.

Donald Trump: And then I built the embassy. I got it built. Nobody thought that was possible. I got -- it wouldn't be built for 30 more years, and I got it built in months. We took a building that was existing, which was really good, and converted it. And it was -- it's beautiful. You'll never build a more beautiful embassy, and I got it all done in the best location.

Donald Trump: They were going to spend billions of dollars. I got it done for -- for peanuts, and it was -- it's one of the most beautiful embassies with all Jerusalem stone, everything. But all of the things -- and then, of course, the Abraham Accords that nobody could have done. And I did all of that. And, you know, I -- let's put it this way, I should get 100 percent of the Jewish vote, and I don't. It's amazing. It's actually amazing.

Sid Rosenberg: Well, listen, and, you know, you should. And -- see, that bothers me. So, I'm on the air in New York, President Trump, every day yelling for you, yelling about that. I go to local events, and I yell and scream for you about that. I think it's ridiculous. I don't know how any Jewish person can vote for a party that helped fund Iran while you actually strangle them.

Sid Rosenberg: They didn't have a dollar to buy a hamburger, let alone give money to Hezbollah or Hamas or any one of these murderous groups. You did all that. Why would any Jewish person vote against you? So, when you say that and Jewish people get upset like Dershowitz or Rapaport, you're right. You're 100 percent right, President Trump.

Donald Trump: Well, you know, I've said it for a long time because I was good right from the beginning. And you're right about son-in-law. You're right about my daughter and the grandkids. But I've said it for a long time. It's -- I should get -- I should get 100 percent of the vote. No person has ever been better to the Jewish people -- probably no person, period, to the Jewish people and -- and Israel.

Donald Trump: When you think of Golan Heights, I mean, Golan Heights was something they weren't even thinking about. They've been trying to get it for 76 -- I guess 76 years. They would come every year to Israel. And for many, many decades, they'd have a meeting. It would last for two days, and they'd get on their planes, and they'd leave.

Donald Trump: This took place for years. I came in, I said, tell me about the golden -- Golan Heights. I spoke with David Friedman, the ambassador, who was a great ambassador. I said, "Tell me about the Golan Heights," and he gave me a history lesson in about five minutes. I said, "You should have that. You should have that."

Donald Trump: And I gave them the Golan Heights. Nobody else would have given it to them. And that's just one of so many things. And I gave them a lot of money so that they could protect themselves. And protect themselves they do, frankly, when you look at what's going on. But I gave them --

Sid Rosenberg: They do it very well. Yeah.

Donald Trump: But I gave them much of that power. And now, you look at Biden. He doesn't know what to do. He's -- he doesn't know what to do. And he's -- you know, he's really is a great advice giver because if you go -- whatever he says, do the opposite and you'll be in great shape. This guy is the worst foreign policy president in history.

Donald Trump: I mean, look at what happened with Ukraine. Look at what happened with October 7th. October 7th never would have happened if I was there. Sid, it never would have happened, not even a chance, if I was there. October 7th was a disaster, and it would have never happened. Now, remember, Iran had no money with me.

Donald Trump: They had no money. They wanted to make a deal. We would have made a deal. When I got out -- and it was a disgusting election, disgusting and everyone's ashamed about it. But when I got out and he came in -- and then you had other things happen like Afghanistan. I mean, take a look at that. He came in -- I didn't have anybody killed in Afghanistan.

Donald Trump: They were killing people like crazy, soldiers, our soldiers with sniper fire, but they were killing them like crazy. When I came in, it all stopped, everything stopped. Eighteen months, nobody was shot as an example and -- in Afghanistan. Nobody was shot for 18 months. I spoke to the leader. His name was Abdul, still there.

Donald Trump: And I said, "Don't do it, Abdul. Don't do it. Don't do it." And 18 months, nobody was shot. We didn't have anything. And then they had that horrible airlift, if you call it an airlift. Wasn't it just the most embarrassing day in the history of our country? OK, period. And everything this guy does is wrong.

Donald Trump: He's -- he's a numskull. You know, that stupid guy that JD Vance destroyed in the debate --

Sid Rosenberg: Yeah.

Donald Trump: The very stupid person that's running, Tim -- Tim Walz -- and he said he was a numskull. He called himself a numskull. This is what we're running against. The guy gets up, he lied so much. He lied about his past. And she lied. You know, she lied about working at McDonald's. People would say, "Well, that's not a big lie."

Donald Trump: It's a huge lie because McDonald's was a part of her whole thing. You know, she worked over the French fries. It was such hard -- she never worked in McDonald's. She lied. But we had a period of time -- look, we had the greatest economy in the history of the world. We had the strongest border that we've ever had in history.

Donald Trump: We had Remain in Mexico. People couldn't come into our country. You think that was easy to get from Mexico? But we had Remain in Mexico. We had everything. We had a powerful military. I rebuilt the military. They gave $85 billion of it to the Taliban. Think of that. We lost 13 soldiers. They gave $85 billion of military equipment, the best in the world.

Donald Trump: They gave it to -- 777,000 guns, 70,000 trucks, and many of them are armor-plated cars and trucks armor -- 70,000. Did you ever hear that? How about a used car lot with 70,000 cars?

Sid Rosenberg: Right.

Donald Trump: You know, I don't think there is such a thing.

Sid Rosenberg: No, no.

Donald Trump: We gave them 70,000 cars and many armor-plated, costing millions of dollars. We are this -- we go down as -- this is the stupidest regime. There has never been anything like it. And now, we have Kamala who's -- who is dumber than him. Biden is sharper than Kamala, if you ever have -- if you've never figured that out, Sid, you're going to figure it out as soon as she starts talking.

Sid Rosenberg: No, listen. Not only is he sharper, I'm going to say this, President Trump, and I mean this. And look, it's an unfair battle. You're the -- in my lifetime, if God is good to me, I'll be 58 in April. You're the greatest president in my lifetime. You just are.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Sid Rosenberg: As bad as he is -- you're welcome. As bad as she is -- as he is, she's worse. And she's also not -- and not only stupid, but I got to tell you, President Trump, she's more dangerous. She is more dangerous. She's to the left of Joe Biden. That's a scary thought.

Donald Trump: No. She's to the left of Bernie Sanders, OK? She's voted the most liberal senator. She's worse than Pocahontas. You know, Pocahontas is Elizabeth Warren. I gave her a name because her mother said she was an Indian. Her mother said she's an Indian because she had high cheekbones, OK? So, that was how she became an Indian.

Donald Trump: And she used that for her career to get jobs and to get into college. She said she was an Indian. And so, we call her Pocahontas, affectionately, as you perhaps have heard over the years.

Sid Rosenberg: Yes. I love that. It's one of my favorite nicknames, I got to tell you. You know, one thing that has nothing to do with Kamala Harris or the fact that we run out of money for FEMA but we have plenty of money for illegals, I've been doing this radio thing for a long time, President Trump, so long that I remember I used to work for Imus on and off for 18 years.

Sid Rosenberg: Now, I remember all your Imus appearances, and I remember all those great appearances on Howard Stern's show, all of them even back to the days before you even married Melania, that beautiful lady of yours, your wife, when you go on and joke around with the guy. Now, the guy brings on Biden. Now, tomorrow, he's interviewing Kamala Harris.

Sid Rosenberg: I know he's just a radio guy, but what a backstabber. He said at one point, Donald Trump is the best guest I've ever had. Now, he interviews everybody running against you. What's going on with this guy?

Donald Trump: So, I was on Howard and Imus's show. You bring up a memory; it's very interesting. But I did both of them a lot. So, I was on Howard Stern's show a lot, and I was his best guest. I would -- you know, you have to go by ratings. Like your ratings are going to be through the roof today. I don't know why.

Donald Trump: Someday, somebody will explain it to me. But I was on the show a lot, and he liked me. I liked him. And then I got into politics. And you know, I'm a conservative guy. I'm really a common-sense person, OK, more than conservative. You know, I want to have strong military. I want to have all of the things that you want to have, like it's nice to have a border separating people that murdered people from us, you know, from our civilization.

Sid Rosenberg: Yeah. Yeah. True.

Donald Trump: And I want -- I want -- I want great education. I want choice. I want all these different things that most people want. I mean, you can't win an election. The only way you can win an election is if you cheat if you don't have the stuff, right? So, we have the borders. We have all these things, but Howard Stern is -- I guess he's a liberal guy.

Donald Trump: And one day, I noticed that he was thinking about supporting Crooked Hillary. I said go ahead, you -- you support. I hope you support Hillary. And ever since he did that, his ratings are down the tubes. He gets no ratings. He gets nothing. And his ratings are gone, and he's gone. I mean, he's lost the magic.

Donald Trump: He used to have great magic. He did. And it was me, and I was on the show a lot, and we had some of the great -- I was at -- I don't think they show it anymore. They used to have the Top 10 moments. I had two of the 10 moments for his entire career. That's a lot. You know, I had 20 percent of the Top 10 moments on stuff -- you know, shows.

Donald Trump: And we had -- we had a good time, but then he went with Crooked Hillary. And when he went with -- when he was thinking about it, I told him,"Are you really thinking about Hillary Clinton?" He said, well, because of this -- and I said bye-bye, and that was the last time I ever spoke to him.

Sid Rosenberg: That was it.

Donald Trump: That was the last time.

Sid Rosenberg: That was it. Ay ay ay.

Donald Trump: And, you know, here's the nice part, I love it. His ratings are shot, and it's all bullshit. He doesn't get great money anymore. He gets rated -- I think you have much better ratings than him, I would assume. But they don't really rate them. You know, he's on this kind of a weird deal where they give him -- they give him money, but they don't know what he's doing.

Donald Trump: Nobody -- who listens to him anymore? I don't listen. I haven't listened to Howard Stern in maybe 10 years. I don't know -- for a long time.

Sid Rosenberg: Listen, he's no good. All these --

Donald Trump: Since-- since I'm in politics.

Sid Rosenberg: Yeah. He's no good. All these rich liberals --

Donald Trump: But that's happened to me with Howard Stern. You know, when I went into politics -- hey, look, Oprah loved me. She came down to Mar-a-Lago. She liked my key lime pie. Oprah loved me. She was -- takes 10 key lime pies back home to Chicago. She'd have her plane loaded up. She had so many pies, we needed a second chef to make them.

Donald Trump: She loved key lime pie. And she loved my chicken, too. We'd give her chicken and key lime pie. She'd eat -- that was when she was slightly heavier, in all fairness. She calmed it down. But Oprah loved me. Oprah was like -- at Mar-a-Lago. Roger King was the greatest, right? He was the boss. He was the head of the whole thing with Oprah.

Donald Trump: He died and he was very special to Oprah and -- very, very special. There was nobody probably more special to Oprah. She called me. "Could I use Mar-a-Lago?" Because she was at Mar-a-Lago a lot. "Could I use Mar-a-Lago? It's the most beautiful place on Earth." We actually had a funeral for Roger King at Mar-a-Lago.

Sid Rosenberg: Yes.

Donald Trump: And he was a friend of mine, too. He was great. You probably know about him. He was a legend actually.

Sid Rosenberg: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But Oprah was very good. A lot of people -- I could name a lot of people. But let me tell you, secretly, they vote for Trump because they don't want to have tax -- you know, they're not that principled in many cases, OK? They'll say, well Trump, Trump, Trump, and then they get in. They look around, anybody watching would vote for Trump.

Donald Trump: In Beverly Hills, I got a tremendous vote. In Bel Air, I got a tremendous vote. Everyone's saying, you know, that's amazing. But they -- secretly, they vote for Trump. They don't talk about it. They just say, you know, I'd like to have no wars. I like to have like low taxes. You know, I'm going to reduce -- I -- I gave the biggest tax cut in history, the biggest, and we have to talk about one thing.

Donald Trump: We have to talk about New York because I want to win New York. But I gave the biggest tax cuts in history. You know that.

Sid Rosenberg: Yes.

Donald Trump: I gave the biggest cuts in regulations and stuff for businesses, small business. I got rid of small businesses and farms paying estate taxes, paying the death tax. They don't have to pay it anymore. I did things that nobody could have done. And I'm telling you, they go in there and they'd rather pay 15 percent tax than 57 percent tax.

Donald Trump: She's going to raise your taxes. She's going to double and quadruple your taxes. And if anybody wants to vote for that -- but more importantly, she's incompetent, OK? That's more important than taxes, OK?

Sid Rosenberg: She is. Yes.

Donald Trump: She's grossly incompetent. She doesn't have a clue. She's dumber than he is. And frankly, I mean, you know, maybe you don't win. It seems like I'm winning on a lot of the polls. And, you know, I poll low. I poll -- you know, with Hillary, everybody said it was going to be a fast night, and it was. It was a fast night for me, and it ended early.

Donald Trump: But, you know, I tend to poll -- people, I'm hard to poll. Let's put it that way. They say he's the hardest person to poll in history because people will look me in the eye and say I'm not voting for Trump and then go in and vote for Trump. We can't poll the guy. They say we shouldn't even waste time.

Donald Trump: I have these pollsters that work for me, and I say, "I'm not going to pay you much money. Why would I pay you much money? You're going to get it wrong. Everyone gets it wrong." But we have -- we have very good numbers now. We're ahead of her in every swing state. We're ahead of her all over, and I would like to see New York numbers.

Donald Trump: So -- because you're the best guy, you're an incredible guy in New York, you are really -- you become the go-to-guy, you know? You -- you have to tell me, was Imus a nice guy or not, legit, because he had bad moods, right? He was slightly moody.

Sid Rosenberg: Well, yeah. I would say he was a prick, President Trump. How about that?

Donald Trump: Yeah, OK. He was, right? He was.

Sid Rosenberg: Yes, he was.

Donald Trump: Nice is not -- I mean -- so, he was the way he was, right?

Sid Rosenberg: Yes, that was him. Yes.

Donald Trump: Because I knew him well. I dealt with him, and then I dealt with Howard Stern. And was Howard Stern a nice guy?

Sid Rosenberg: He was a nice guy. You know, he was a little quirky. He's afraid to shake your hand. He's a -- all that nonsense. But my -- my -- my dealings with him, he was a nice guy. Yes, yes.

Donald Trump: All right, that's good. Yeah, I would say he was a nice guy. Yeah, I always liked him. Imus, I knew him; he treated me great. When he didn't treat me great, I'd go hit him. I'd still go after -- he would come at me begging me to stop. Oh, he would beg me more than anybody. You know, he was sort of a bully.

Sid Rosenberg: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And, you know, bullies tend to fold pretty fast. I don't know whether he's a bully --

Sid Rosenberg: Yeah. Well, he did. He fell fast.

Donald Trump: For those listening, I'll give you one little lesson. When you have a bully be happy about it because they always fold fast.

Sid Rosenberg: That's a great lesson. And before you actually hang up, let me say this: I think you're going to win New York. Now, I know you put Lee Zeldin on the job. You've got me. You said all these nice things about me. You've got me forever. Nobody loves you more than I do. Trust me. You got Zeldin. You got me.

Sid Rosenberg: You got all these great Congress people out on Long Island. You got Blakeman. I think you're going to win New York.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Well, if we win New York, it's over. If we win any of these -- you know, we've got New York and New Jersey, I'm going for them big, big. Virginia, we're doing really well. I think it's tied. Virginia is tied already, and I haven't even made the move that much. New Jersey, we're doing very well.

Donald Trump: I -- look, if you go by enthusiasm, I rode through New York the other day. I used to walk -- go through. You know, because I'm conservative. Again, I'm common sense. I'm not really concerned. I'm common sense. I feel like doing the thing that's right. There's usually one thing that's right. And these guys don't know that.

Donald Trump: They have no idea what they're doing. They have -- I'm telling you, look at -- look at what's happening with the worst thing. I was in North Carolina. I was in Georgia. I was in Alabama. Look at what's happened out there. They don't even have anybody represented. They have no clue what they're doing.

Donald Trump: They are so incompetent. And now it finds out that the money was given to illegal migrants that came in, many of whom are prisoners, OK? Many of whom committed murder, OK? You know, many of them, you saw that, 13,990. Yeah. Committed -- over 13,000 people committed murder, and they've come into our country.

Donald Trump: You have people that are human traffickers that came into money. The biggest drug dealers in the world are now living in our country. These people are crazy. There's -- there's nothing -- there's nothing you can say. Now, the only thing they may get out of it is votes because, you know, they're crooked as hell.

Donald Trump: They're crooked people. You ever notice Republicans don't cheat on elections? It's like amazing. When do you see a Republican cheat? I don't know. It's sort of like crazy. You don't see it. These guys go into an election, and their first meeting is getting Marc Elias and all these people that they have and figuring out how to cheat.

Donald Trump: How do we cheat? And that's all they think. It's a passion for them because you can't get elected with open borders, high taxes, bad schools. You can't get elected. So, they cheat, but they cheat from months before, I've never seen anything like it. The fact is our country is crooked. You can't have a great straight country.

Donald Trump: And the other thing is you can't have open borders. You can't have open borders where anybody can come in. And you can't have bad elections. If you do you have -- you have a rotten country. You really do. You'll have a rotten country, a country that's rotting from within. You have to have strong borders, and you have to have really good elections. And we don't have either.

Sid Rosenberg: But we will soon.

Donald Trump: By the way, we have strong borders when I was there. You know that.

Sid Rosenberg: Yes. Right, right.

Donald Trump: We had the strongest border. I had -- I built 571 miles of wall. People don't like to talk about that. If there was one board laying [Inaudible] they'd say, well that doesn't count. If we had a two-by-four, that was a wall -- that was a little wall, a little fence because, you know, they had some little fences that were three feet high for whatever reason -- I think to keep the rabbits out.

Donald Trump: So, they had a little wall. And if it's there for 50 years and rotting -- and then I build a 40-foot wall with steel and concrete, they call it --"Well, that's a renovation. We're not counting that." These people are sick, I'm telling you. It's -- it's unbelievable. But I built 571 miles of wall. I was ready to build another 200, which is much more than I said I was going to build.

Donald Trump: And when they came in, they said, "We're not going to build it." I said, "Holy, if they're not going to build, that means they want open borders." And it turned out they wanted open borders. And I think they're going to pay a big price on November 5th, which is going to be the biggest day in the history of our country. November 5th, Election Day.

Sid Rosenberg: I believe that's true. I believe that's true. Again, here live in Israel, One Israel Fund. Thank you so much. I believe that's true. And I got to tell you, Mr. President, not because -- yes, I'm biased. I love you. But -- but I'm looking at a map that looks very red to me -- very, very red. I mean, it's too big to rig at this point.

Sid Rosenberg: Not only do I think you're going to win this election, I mean this from the bottom of my heart. I think you're going to win relatively easily. I think people know everything you're saying. They've had enough of it. They want a strong guy. They want a strong leader. Even people in Israel, I got -- I got 20 people standing outside this radio studio right now in Israel that are giving you -- they're pumping their fists and giving you thumbs up.

Sid Rosenberg: Whether it's New York, Israel, anywhere in this country, people love Donald Trump.

Donald Trump: But Israel is different. Sid, Israel --

Sid Rosenberg: What do you mean?

Donald Trump: They say I could run for prime minister, although Bibi is doing a lot better right now. I think he's doing pretty good. Maybe not.

Sid Rosenberg: Yes.

Donald Trump: But in Israel, I was 99 -- I got one poll, 99 percent positive. Israel is different. I don't include that. And, you know, very conservative Jews, very, very conservative, they're all for Trump, every -- 100 percent, OK? Because I've done things that are -- they understand it. You know, they understand what I've done.

Donald Trump: And a lot of people don't. I hear I'm doing very well with New York. Jewish people from New York, I hear I'm doing well. And, you know, last time I won Miami which is a hot -- you know, can you imagine Mitt Romney in Miami? The guy got four percent. What a stiff he was. Who the hell wants him in a party, right? He's leaving because I couldn't endorse him.

Donald Trump: I just couldn't endorse him. You know, they come to you; they want you to endorse, right? And then sometimes, they come, and you say, "How low do I have to go to endorse a guy?" If I had to endorse Romney -- and they came, and they said, "Could you get it?" I said I just can't do it. I think I'd rather have a Democrat, you know? So, we ran somebody else, and he's doing great.

Sid Rosenberg: Yeah, good, good, good. Well, listen, I appreciate the time this morning. This is a tough day. I know you're going to be at the -- at some point. You'll be all over the place today. I appreciate you coming on with me. You've always been great to me. You really have. You're -- you're just a wonderful guy.

Sid Rosenberg: And you are going to win, and I can't wait to celebrate with you and be there on Inauguration Day in January of 2025 when my friend, President Trump, becomes the 47th president of the United States.

Donald Trump: Well, thanks. You know, they're having a very big service and a big day at Doral in Miami, which is a great place. The best and -- so, I'm going there, and I'm going to be all over the place. And no days off. Somebody said, "Oh, are you going to rest?" They said rest. I got 30 days; I'm not resting. But it was beautiful.

Donald Trump: The other night was so beautiful. I'll tell you what. In Butler PA, it was -- the crowd was the biggest, and it was also the best. These are great people. These are the people that built the country, I'll tell you. They built the country.

Sid Rosenberg: Yes.

Donald Trump: And those people were there and you couldn't have kept -- you couldn't have kept them away. And you are doing great. Your show is great. And we want to win New York City. So, you just -- you'll be in charge of it. We can. I think we're very close actually.

Sid Rosenberg: I'm going to get it done. I'm going to get it done.

Donald Trump: You get it done.

Sid Rosenberg: Yeah. We're going to do it. I'm going to get it done for you.

Donald Trump: I just want to let the people know I really --

Sid Rosenberg: I appreciate your presence.

Donald Trump: Yeah, they -- they want to -- they want to be with us, and it's going to be something big. And thank you very much for everything, Sid.

Sid Rosenberg: Thank you, President Trump. We love you a lot, and we look forward to winning big on November the 5th. Give my regards to our Rabbi Kaplan at Doral today. He's a great guy, too. And thank you for all you do, not just for the Jewish people, but for America. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, Sid. See you soon. Bye.