Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-mark-levin-radio-show-october-22-2024

Mark Levin: It's an honor to have President Trump with us, America, and we have a couple of questions for President Trump. First of all, President Trump, I have to say this. I feel like you're one of my dear friends. I know you very well. You seem, on the -- on the campaign trail, you're happy, you're relaxed, you're going on offense.

Mark Levin: You got real policies. You're focused on what you want to do. You're reaching out to every community in America, it doesn't matter if they typically vote Democrat or Republican. You've got substantive tax cuts. You've got substantive policies. You're pushing school choice. Meanwhile, Kamala Harris is talking about -- she's sophomoric.

Mark Levin: You're going to round up people and put them in prison. You've got to be nuts to think that. Or you've only said, what, a thousand times, "I do not believe in a national ban on abortion," and they're spending $100 million saying you do, and on and on. What do you make of all this?

Donald Trump: Isn't it terrible?

Mark Levin: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's so terrible. Everything like IVF, every single thing that whatever I'm for, they make it the opposite. It's -- the -- look, I've dealt with crooked Hillary. I've dealt with Biden, sleepy Joe. I've dealt with all of them. There's no liar like these people. These are the worst. And you know why? Because they have nothing going.

Donald Trump: Every single thing -- they even said, "Oh, he doesn't want to frac," OK? Now, I've been for fracking and drilling. I've -- I've never spent a day of my life or an hour saying don't do it. I'm a big believer because it's what we need. And they have a thing that -- about fracking, that I'm opposed to it, when they're actually opposed to it.

Donald Trump: These are really lies. I was even wondering we should go to court and do something about it because it's fraud. It's actually beyond election interference. It's fraud. And, you know, she's not even campaigning today. She's taken a day off. You have 14 days and it's the presidency and she's taking two days off now and I haven't taken a day off in 52 days. Can you imagine?

Mark Levin: No.

Donald Trump: That's a lot of fun. But no, we have to get the job done because if we don't get this job done, our country is finished. She is a terrible person, and I never saw lying like this. You're right. Every single thing they have, on abortion -- and you know my stance on abortion with the states' rights --

Mark Levin: Of course.

Donald Trump: The vote of the people and all that stuff and with exceptions like Ronald Reagan, you know, the three exceptions. They don't put that. They say like hard line. These are just -- I mean, just terrible people.

Mark Levin: You know, Mr. President, yesterday, on this program, I said $10 million -- I'll put up $10 million, Kamala Harris, you go to George Soros, get your $10 million, and I will bet you, when Donald Trump becomes president, he does not support, he does not sign any federal national ban on abortion. What do you say? Because --

Donald Trump: But you don't need to --

Mark Levin: She's a liar.

Donald Trump: Because it's going back to the states. Yeah, well, they lie. Oh, they're just unbelievable. Yeah, they're actually saying that, too. They are unbelievable. And no matter what I say, it's the exact opposite because what I say is what people want and it's common sense. We call it the commonsense party, right? And they're going just -- now, they're doing that because she's taking 15 different policies.

Donald Trump: You know, one is hard to get out of, but every single thing because she's a radical left Marxist or whatever she may be.

Mark Levin: Marxist.

Donald Trump: But she's radical left like nobody has ever been. Well, she's beyond a Marxist, I think. You know, Marxist is not great, but she's beyond. She's the -- she's further left by a lot than Pocahontas or Bernie Sanders, OK? And -- and our president -- we can't have a president like that.

Mark Levin: No.

Donald Trump: But also, she's not smart. She's not a smart person.

Mark Levin: No, she's not.

Donald Trump: Our country would be destroyed if she becomes president. And, you know, part of the reason I'm actually talking much tougher because you don't want to talk this way about somebody, it's the head of the party, etc. But we literally -- if she became president, I don't think our country has a chance. It doesn't have a chance. It'll be --

Mark Levin: You know what's amazing --

Donald Trump: It's a disaster.

Mark Levin: You know what's amazing, President Trump? You point to the Supreme Court and all the federal courts constitutionalists, people who have a record, a written record, or a record as a judge at a lower court of supporting the Constitution, interpreting the Constitution. You have complied with every court order.

Mark Levin: You've applied with every Supreme Court decision. Your backers like me have spent their lives supporting the rule of law and the Constitution. And she has the gall to say that you oppose democracy, but people who support you like me, somehow, we oppose democracy, and she --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Mark Levin: Who opposes virtually every aspect of the Bill of Rights and the Constitution, she's going to defend democracy. How do you respond to that?

Donald Trump: Yeah. Well, just think of it, they're going after me like nobody's in terms of weaponization with the Justice Department, the FBI, local DAs that report to them, local attorney generals that report to them. I mean, can you imagine? That's never happened in this country before. These are -- these are bad people.

Donald Trump: These are really bad people, almost, I would say, sick people. And we can't let this happen. So, I'm doing -- I'm -- I'm working every -- and I -- I'm inspired to do it. You know, she actually said, "Oh, Trump is getting tired." I'm not getting tired. She's getting tired. She's the one that's not -- she's the one that's not working now.

Donald Trump: If I go and criticize something they said, the -- the media goes, "Oh, he's played right into her hands." You know, it's -- in other words, if you defend yourself -- like in the debates, she said things that, oh, maybe my crowds weren't as big as I was saying. I said, "No, not only are they big, I turn away people for every rally."

Donald Trump: So, I say that, and they go, "He played right into her hand." Well, what are you supposed to do? Just let them say it. It is so, so terrible. And, you know, the media is a big part of it, though, because they know what's right and they know what's wrong, and they are totally -- they're really dishonest.

Donald Trump: When I came up with the word fake news, it was a great term, but it's really not tough enough. It's -- it's much worse than fake.

Mark Levin: One of the things you champion is the civil rights issue of our time, school choice and parental rights, that is parents at school board meetings wanting to know how their kids are being taught, what they're being taught --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Mark Levin: What -- what the books are in the library. You've led that fight, school choice, like no other president in American history. You've promoted that as a civil rights issue for everybody, but particularly in poorer areas, for minority people because they send these kids in awful schools. They have no choice.

Mark Levin: And yet, the first person to endorse Kamala Harris was Randi Weingarten of the American --

Donald Trump: Yup.

Mark Levin: Federation of Teachers. So, just like Obama, who sends his kids to private school, she does not want opportunity, education, the key issue for kids, education for communities that are poor, and she will not --

Donald Trump: Yup.

Mark Levin: Support school choice. What do you make of that?

Donald Trump: Well, she's in the hands of the union, and the union is -- and -- and by the way, there's nobody more for teachers than I am. We're going to take great care of our teachers, better than they take care of them. But there's -- so there's nobody -- I -- I -- you know, I've had great teachers and I have teachers that weren't so great.

Donald Trump: And the ones that are great, they're very, very important to our country. So, there's nobody that feels about teachers or very few than I do. So, look, she's totally controlled by the teachers union, and it's very sad when you see -- when you see it happening from an educational standpoint. Now, you take a look at where we're ranked as a nation.

Donald Trump: Out of the top 40 schools, we're 38, 39, or 40 every year. And yet, we spend most per pupil. We -- by far, we spend more than any other country. You have Norway, Denmark. You have all these countries. I hate to tell you this, but you also have China, which is usually in the top five. As big as it is, you have China.

Donald Trump: But Norway, Denmark, Sweden, you have these countries. And per pupil, we spend much more, and we're ranked at No. 40, 39, or 38.

Mark Levin: You know what, Mr. President, when Merrick Garland released that outrageous memo to talk about fascism, in which he unleashes the FBI, the US attorneys, the Department of Justice, and anything else they can throw at them over there against parents who dare to go to school board meetings and exercise their First Amendment right.

Mark Levin: She never said that was a bad idea. They've never withdrawn that memo.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Mark Levin: Isn't that evidence of how she will rule?

Donald Trump: Well, I think it is. And when you look at the FBI and what they're doing to parents, they've taken away parental rights. You know, the -- when you get up -- like when I get up before an audience and I start speaking, "I will guard your parental rights," I'm saying I can't believe I actually have to say this.

Donald Trump: Who would think that the parents don't have control over their child; or as a group, that they don't have control over children, their children that they love? And they literally have taken that right away from people. And, you know, as -- as far as -- if you're a Catholic, how can you vote for Kamala because what they've done to Catholics are unbelievable? You happen to not be Catholic.

Donald Trump: What they've done to Catholics is unbelievable. Someday, the Catholic -- some Catholics are going to have to explain what have they -- I mean, they're being -- they're being persecuted, actually. So, there's a lot of strange things going on. You know, we're not so far away from being a country that's a very evil place. We're not going to let it happen.

Mark Levin: They're throwing people, grandparents, mothers in prison who dared to exercise --

Donald Trump: Yeah, that's right.

Mark Levin: Their First Amendment right in front of abortion clinics, whatever you think about abortion.

Donald Trump: Yup.

Mark Levin: I mean, you have the right.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Mark Levin: And meanwhile, you have antisemitism throughout this country. They haven't lifted a finger. Look, you're -- you're one of the heroes of fighting antisemitism. You signed an executive order to protect Jewish students in colleges and universities. Obama didn't do that. Clinton didn't do that. Biden didn't do that.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Mark Levin: You did that. And you --

Donald Trump: Yup.

Mark Levin: And Netanyahu are the most popular politicians in the state of Israel because you brought peace to the Middle East, and they blew up the Middle East. The -- the people in this country, the people in Israel, they don't want Kamala Harris anywhere near the White House, do they?

Donald Trump: No, they don't want her and nobody else does either. And I don't think the people want her either. So, we've had a lot of results coming in, and the results look like at the upper side and beyond of what we were hoping for. So, who knows? And frankly, I don't know, you could cut it if you like, Mark, but they cheat and what they do is they -- they are just so bad, but they cheat on elections.

Donald Trump: What they do with the borders is unbelievable. Think of it. You need borders and you need good elections, right? We don't have borders. Our borders -- I built hundreds of miles of border wall. We had the best records, the best numbers in the history of our country. And then you look at -- you see the famous chart.

Donald Trump: But from that chart, from the day I left, it looked like a rocket ship, how it went up. And now, it's just terrible. And remember, they fly people in. So, you know, they were saying, well, we're going to -- you know, they wanted -- they were getting decimated by the polls. So, they said, "All right. Good. We'll do it."

Donald Trump: They must want open borders, but they said, "All right. We'll do it." And they toughened it up a little bit, so it looks a little bit better, but they forgot to tell people that they're flying people into the country. They're -- they're sending these big jumbo jets, and they're taking thousands of people into our country by jet.

Mark Levin: It's -- it's --

Donald Trump: That doesn't play well.

Mark Levin: There's not another country on the face of the earth that does anything like this because they're not suicidal. And, you know, Mr. President, you don't get enough credit. You were the only president that I'm aware of, period, who's ever brought Arab countries and the state of Israel together. Peace plans, diplomatic plans, the Abraham Accords.

Mark Levin: You had -- Saudi Arabia was going to be next. Then this administration comes in, and they blow up the entire Middle East. They fund Iran.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Mark Levin: They're leaking Israel's military plans. What do you make of all this?

Donald Trump: Well, they're doing it, and they're doing things that nobody thought was possible to do. They are allowing drugs to come in freely. They're allowing people to come in freely. They're allowing murderers to come in freely. So, you have 13,099. Border Patrol released these numbers, and they've never released these numbers.

Donald Trump: In other words, they were never specific like this. They never did this before, but they feel they're in trouble. You know the Border Patrol endorsed me strongly a few days ago, like strongly. But interestingly, when they endorsed me, they also said she's the worst president they've ever seen -- worst vice president/president, administration that they've ever seen.

Donald Trump: They've never -- and it's -- it's not easy for them to say that. They're the Border Patrol. They work inside of government. And what they said about her, and I just hope that people remember that when they vote, Mark. I just hope they remember it. We have to get them out. We can't -- and we can't play too cute either. I'm -- I'm saying --

Mark Levin: No.

Donald Trump: I'm saying things that normally I wouldn't say in terms of the level of -- you know, the level -- the level of strength. I would not say some of the things. Number one, she's not a smart person at all. I mean, at all. And we've had four years of a person who is not smart, and he had -- in addition to that, he had other problems.

Donald Trump: We've had four years. The country is going to break. We can't take another four years like the four years we just had.

Mark Levin: Now, you know, Mr. President, she flipped and flopped and flipped now on fracking in Pennsylvania. She was opposed to it.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Mark Levin: Then she said, "No, I support it." And then one of her -- her flacks let out the truth. "No, she's going to oppose any new fracking." You look at Michigan.

Donald Trump: Right.

Mark Levin: She's destroying the auto industry with this EV stuff. And you've made the point. Look, you want electric vehicles fine --

Donald Trump: Yup.

Mark Levin: But you can't impose that on people. But 85 percent of the material comes from communist China. You look at Arizona, overwhelmed with illegal immigrants, like the rest of the country. And now, she's -- she's tougher on immigration than you've ever been. I feel you have her on the run because you have a -- an affirmative, substantive, consistent policy and she's flailing around trying to be all things to all people.

Donald Trump: Well, you know, I've been consistent for years. People see old clips of me from 25 years ago on Oprah's show. Oprah used to be a friend of mine until I ran for politics, which is fine. But they see old clips, they say, "This is the most consistent guy." I said they're ripping our car industry. You know, they've taken 60 percent of our car industry over the course of a lot of years, 60 percent.

Donald Trump: We're bringing it all back, Mark, through tariffs, smart -- you know, the most beautiful word is tariffs. We can make our country so rich. And other countries impose tariffs on us. That's the amazing thing. We get tariffs imposed on us. And when we want to do it, we have certain people that don't want to do it.

Donald Trump: I've taken in hundreds of billions of dollars from China. No president has ever taken in $0.10. And you know what, China respected us. And now, China laughs at us. Remember when the initial transition when they went to Alaska and they had a meeting and they started lecturing us about human rights and everything else?

Mark Levin: Oh, yeah.

Donald Trump: And we -- and we had our guys sitting there, listening. No, it's terrible. But today is so big because they've given the Israeli war plans against Iran. They've given -- can you imagine they have --

Mark Levin: No.

Donald Trump: The -- in -- supposedly in great detail, but the Israeli war plans against Iran, all different methods. Probably won't change. But all different approaches, they've given them. And Blinken or somebody flew over there to talk to them because, you know, it's -- I guess you don't want to tell them that over the phone.

Donald Trump: But at this point, what difference does it make? So, they've gotten the plans. Can you imagine your allies -- even other allies, they see this, you know, who wants to do business with -- with them? So, it's a -- it's a terrible situation, actually.

Mark Levin: No, it -- it would be like Franklin Roosevelt giving plans to Hitler about Churchill and Britain. That's how ridiculous --

Donald Trump: Yeah, that's true.

Mark Levin: That's how outrageous this is. Mr. President --

Donald Trump: But you have to find out the person that did it. You got to find out the person that did it.

Mark Levin: You know what? They probably won't find out until after the election. When you're president, you'll find out.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Mark Levin: I can guarantee you that --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Mark Levin: Because you believe in justice.

Donald Trump: Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. We're going to find out. Yup, we're going to find out.

Mark Levin: What do you want to tell -- we have a huge audience.

Donald Trump: You can always find out. If you want to do the --

Mark Levin: Yes.

Donald Trump: You know, if you want to find the leakers, you can always find the leakers. You understand that.

Mark Levin: It's not hard.

Donald Trump: It's very easy.

Mark Levin: Yeah.

Donald Trump: No, no. To find the leaker is very easy, but we don't use methods anymore where you can do that. We -- we, you know, give the criminals such latitude, we're not allowed to find them. But if you want to find a leaker, you can always. I thought the leak from the Supreme Court was just a shame.

Mark Levin: Unbelievable.

Donald Trump: And -- and I think that's something that also should be found out.

Mark Levin: Now, you brought up --

Donald Trump: It can all be found out very easily.

Mark Levin: You brought up elections, and I want to underscore what you're saying here. The Department of Justice is suing Virginia and Alabama to prevent them from literally taking noncitizens off their voter rolls. The Department of Justice doesn't believe there should be voter identification. The Democrat Party, other than five Democrats, opposed a bill in the House of Representatives requiring voter identification.

Mark Levin: The border is wide open, 20 million illegals. I mean, what are we supposed to make of this? Twenty million illegals, no voter ID, noncitizens should be able to vote. There's only one party that's pushing this agenda. Are we supposed to be so stupid to think that they're doing this for good government?

Donald Trump: Yeah, that's right. It's -- Mark, it's not even -- some of the things that you and I have talked about over the years watching this group of people destroy our country, it's not even believable. Men playing in women's sports, OK?

Mark Levin: Unbelievable.

Donald Trump: I've never had -- I said it today. We had a big news conference while -- while Kamala is sleeping. She's sleeping. She's sleeping. Can you believe it?

Mark Levin: That's a good thing.

Donald Trump: No, she's running for president and she's in, sleeping. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. But think of it. Has anybody ever come up to you and say, "Listen, I demand that we --" You know, we hear, like, two parts of every story, right? Has anybody ever said, "We want to see men playing in women's sports?" I've never had anybody come up and say --

Mark Levin: No.

Donald Trump: We really have to let women play in -- you have to do me a favor, President, you have to work it out so that men can play in women's sports. Nobody's ever mentioned this to me.

Mark Levin: No.

Donald Trump: And yet, it's like this big deal for them. I think they want to destroy the country basically because there's no other reason. Well, the other reason is voting. They want to put them in the voter rolls, I guess.

Mark Levin: Plus it happens to violate Title IX of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, but who's counting?

Donald Trump: Yes. Yup.

Mark Levin: Mr. President, we only have a few seconds left. Early voting is crucial. It's crucial. It's crucial.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Mark Levin: What do you want to tell Americans about early voting now, people who want to vote for you?

Donald Trump: Get out to vote. But, Mark, you're right, get out and vote. But if you didn't do it, you got to vote on -- by the 5th. You have to vote on the 5th, the 5th of November. You know, I -- I do have to give them that little attitude. You know, Republicans tended to vote -- they seem to be voting early right now, and the numbers are, so far, great.

Donald Trump: The polls are good. I guess we're five up. It was just announced, we're five up in Georgia, and we're doing great in North Carolina. Can you imagine, in North Carolina, they had their highest vote ever and the place was just decimated by the [Inaudible]

Mark Levin: Unbelievable.

Donald Trump: They have to get out. Ideally, get out early, but get out. You know, I -- I've been sort of very strong on that. Just make sure you get out. And we have to watch very carefully that this is going to be a fair election because they've been so bad. They've been so bad, so disgraceful. So, we need borders and we need good elections.

Donald Trump: And let's see how this all turns out, Mark, but hopefully, it's going to be very good.

Mark Levin: You know, it's always a great pleasure. And you know what's funny, America? He and I eat the same thing, crap. But I like crap. I can't help it, Mr. President. I like a well-done steak with ketchup and a Diet Coke. You do. I like McDonald's. You do. So, that's the way it is.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Mark Levin: You look very healthy compared to me, I'll tell you that.

Donald Trump: Well, we have -- we had a big McDonald's day the other day, that I can tell you.

Mark Levin: Oh, I saw.

Donald Trump: That -- that thing -- that turned out to be a big monster of a story. That was a strange story. That was a -- that was a big monster. That was sort of -- supposed to be a little throwaway, and it ended up being a big deal. But it was a lot of fun, Mark. And --

Mark Levin: Well, listen, Mr. President --

Donald Trump: I have to tell you, Mark, you're --

Mark Levin: Yeah.

Donald Trump: You're an amazing guy and just keep it going.

Mark Levin: Oh, thank you.

Donald Trump: Boy, we need you. We need you.

Mark Levin: We need you. Please be safe, as safe as you can. And God bless you and your family and take care of yourself.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. It's exciting times because we have a great future planned. And we have to get this done. We have to get this election. This is the most important election -- I really believe, and I know you do --

Mark Levin: I do.

Donald Trump: The most important election we've ever had.

Mark Levin: And by the way, media --

Donald Trump: So, thank you, Mark, very much.

Mark Levin: I do love this man, and I want him to win. So, if you want to say, "Oh, what an interview," screw yourselves. Mr. President, thank you. Take care of yourself.

Donald Trump: Thanks, Mark. Thank you very much, Mark. Thank you.

Mark Levin: All right. God bless.