Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-greg-kelly-newsmax-june-4-2024

Greg Kelly: Well, Mr. President, it is an honor to have you back here on Newsmax. President Trump, how are you tonight?

Donald Trump: I'm good. I'm very good. And I love your show, and you're a special person. And the country appreciates you, I will tell you, just like they appreciated your father, who was one of the great police commissioners in New York. But I appreciate it very much.

Greg Kelly: Well, thank you for that. Hey, if we could right away, Joe Biden, imagine that, he signs an executive order with, what, five months to go before the election, something he could have done a long time ago or just left in place --

Donald Trump: Yup.

Greg Kelly: Your executive orders. What do you think of what he did today?

Donald Trump: Well, first of all, it's a nothing that he did and allowing massive numbers of people still to come in. And it's just misinformation, disinformation and just another hit job. And frankly, this should have been done three and a half years ago but something meaningful, like the one that Congress passed or we wanted Congress to pass, which was basically my things, having to do with stay in Mexico called Remain in Mexico and catch and release in Mexico, not in the United States.

Donald Trump: Now, this is a public relations executive order, and it's meaningless. Meaningless. He could he could stop the millions of people coming into our country with one order and one signature. It's all there for them. I did it. We had the safest border in history. And now, we have the worst border of any country in the history of the world.

Donald Trump: It's a terrible, terrible thing that's happened to our country. And they're coming in from prisons and jails. They're coming in from mental institutions and a step above that, insane asylums. And you have a lot of terrorists coming into our country. And it's a terrible thing that he's doing. He's poisoning our country.

Greg Kelly: So the conviction. You know, they're running around, "Convicted felon, convicted felon," it doesn't resonate. You know, people know what that connotes, and it doesn't fit for you. Is it possible that this is a net positive? And maybe it's too soon, but, you know, a lot of money is coming in, a lot of support.

Greg Kelly: Is it a net positive? Is there any way that that conviction could be a net positive?

Donald Trump: Well, they're nasty people. They're crooked as hell. They're nasty, vicious people. And it was a trial that everybody said shouldn't have been brought, including Bragg didn't want to bring it. Nobody wanted to bring it until I decided to run and then was beating everybody by a lot and then was beating Biden by a lot in the polls.

Donald Trump: But, you know, it's a very terrible thing. It's a terrible precedent for our country. Does that mean the next president does it to them? That's really the question. You know, I said on a recent show that I did, a good show, good people, you would like these people even though they're competitors, but I was talking about -- you know, when I'd mentioned Hillary's name, they'd all scream, "Lock them up -- lock her up, lock her up." And everybody got a kick out of it and all, but I watched -- I was at UFC the other night, as you saw, Greg, and I saw fighters that hated each other with a passion like you've never seen.

Donald Trump: They've -- for three months, they're just going crazy about how much they hate. And then, the fight is over, and they're hugging and they're kissing in the middle of the ring. And I said, "Wouldn't it really be bad?" You know, with like as an example, Hillary, with the hammering of her cell phones and all of the things she did.

Donald Trump: But wouldn't it be terrible to throw the president's wife and the former secretary of state -- think of it, the former secretary of state, but the president's wife into jail. Wouldn't that be a terrible thing? But they want to do it. So, you know, it's a terrible, terrible path that they're leading us to. And it's very possible that it's going to have to happen to them.

Donald Trump: But I personally thought, and I really did -- you know, I got a lot of credit from a lot of people. And some people said I should have done it. But, you know, could have -- would have been very easy to do it, but I thought it would be a terrible precedent for our country. And, now, whoever it may be, you're going to have to view it very much differently.

Donald Trump: This is a bad, bad road that they're leading us down to as a country. And this is the third-world countries. You take a look at this fake trial. I did nothing wrong. You know, they called legal expense a legal expense. That's what it's called. If you pay a lawyer, a legal expense, a legal fee or a legal expense, and then you mark it in the books as a legal expense -- a bookkeeper did that.

Donald Trump: I had no idea what she marked it as because it didn't matter to me other than I want it to be marked right. So, in the ledger, she said that a legal expense was a legal expense. And basically, that's the crime, and nobody can believe it. This is what -- and they talked about like a manipulation of the books.

Donald Trump: That's not manipulation. That's actually -- what else would you call it. It's a terrible thing that they've done, and it cannot be allowed to stand. And hopefully, the appellate courts will get involved and straighten it out because it's been so bad for the New York judicial system. Like, I think nothing else.

Donald Trump: And companies will -- are going to be leaving because it -- already are leaving. And no company is going to move in if they're going to be subject to that. And then Letitia James and Judge Engoron, where he comes up with a ruling that Mar-a-Lago is worth $18 million when it's worth, you know, maybe 100 times more, 50 to 100 times more.

Donald Trump: But that was good for his narrative. And they came out with a phony opinion because everything was perfect. In fact, our expert, highly respected, one of the most -- from the Stern School of Business, one of the most respected people, the judge treated him so disrespectfully, very much like -- this judge treated the -- we had an expert, we had the No. 1 person on elections.

Donald Trump: And essentially, he wasn't allowed to testify.

Greg Kelly: It's amazing.

Donald Trump: And nobody can believe it. That's one of many infractions, one of many terrible things that happened. So. we have him waiting for a long time, for days. And he's the No. 1 -- Brad Smith, the No. 1 most respected -- I think he was the head of the Federal Elections Commission, actually.

Greg Kelly: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: But he knows more about election law than anybody. And the judge didn't want him to testify. And the judge didn't want Bob Costello to testify. And frankly, I heard that Bob Costello, when it came to the indictment, they wouldn't want -- they didn't want to take his text messages. They didn't want him having anything to do because they didn't want him going in and convincing the grand jury not to indict.

Donald Trump: But nobody -- and you know this better than anybody, nobody wants to bring this case. And if they brought it, it could have been brought seven years before --

Greg Kelly: Well --

Donald Trump: You know, they tried to rush it. And they did, they rushed the jury. And, of course, it's in an area -- we asked for a venue change, and we asked for a judge change because the judge is the most conflicted person ever to sit. There's never been anything like this. This judge is so conflicted. And I'm not allowed to talk about it because I'm under a gag order.

Donald Trump: Can you believe that?

Greg Kelly: Well, you can't talk about the prosecutors, so we'll give a quick shout out to them because they watch you like a hawk. They're trying to catch you in a -- in some sort of violation.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Greg Kelly: Can't believe the gag order. This is Colangelo, who used to be the No. 3 ranking guy in the Department of Justice. I think we have him behind Alvin Bragg. He made the opening argument. So, I know you're not supposed to talk about him, but I have got this guy's number, and so do our viewers. And the same goes for Steinglass and Hoffinger and the rest of them.

Greg Kelly: This is a crummy job. I do want to ask you this within the limits of the gag. when you were looking at that jury, did you have a hunch ever? I noticed, one day, they came in, they didn't look at you. You know, we don't want to -- but did you have a sense of them? You got to see them. What did you -- could you read their body language?

Greg Kelly: Anything?

Donald Trump: Well, I knew from the location -- I mean, we asked for a venue change as soon as we heard this was the venue because Republicans get virtually, you know, very little vote. And it's a very, very liberal Democrat area. And so, I knew we were in deep trouble. Of course, they'd only bring cases in areas like that.

Donald Trump: We wanted to be moved to Staten Island, where they just had a big party for Trump. But we wanted it to be moved to another part of New York where I can get a fair trial. I said, "There's no way." You heard me say, long before the verdict, that Mother Teresa couldn't get a fair trial here. I said that. And no, you couldn't. I never saw a glimmer of a smile from the jury.

Donald Trump: No, this was a venue that was very unfair. It's a tiny fraction of the people are Republicans. And it's very unfair. And then, we had a judge who was very unfair. We asked for a judge change. He said no. And, you know, I think that's going to be one of the major points in appeal. And hopefully, the appeal will go quickly because they're interfering with the election.

Donald Trump: If it doesn't go quickly, they're really interfering with the election. Now, with all of that being said, we're doing great in the polls, and we're -- you know, we had a record-setting amount of money that was raised, numbers that nobody's ever heard of before, actually.

Greg Kelly: We want you to be safe because, you know, when Joe Biden and the deep state say, "You can't win, we can't let him win." Joe Biden said that to Time Magazine today. And Merrick Garland on Capitol Hill said basically it was dangerous to criticize the FBI when they have done a lot of things that, quite frankly, they need to be criticized, especially some of that language that was in the search warrant for Mar-a-Lago on August 8, 2022 --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Greg Kelly: It was not all boilerplate language. Some of that was very specific to that operation. And the language was chilling.

Donald Trump: Well, it was, and it just came out. And a lot of things have come out in the Florida trial. And Jack Smith is -- I think he's a deranged person, actually, and it's shown that and his other prosecutions over the years. He always goes too far. But when they raided Mar-a-Lago, that was a total violation of my constitutional rights.

Donald Trump: And, you know, all they had to do was ask. And you look at Biden, he had 50 years of documents. And he wasn't always -- I mean, look, he was never the smartest guy according to just about everybody. But he was always -- you know, I mean, he was not -- they basically said that he's innocent because he's incompetent, OK? In other words, he can run for president, but he can't stand trial.

Donald Trump: Can you believe that? So, we're going to let him run for president, but we'll exonerate him because he's incompetent. They said he's got no memory. Got no this, got no that. We all know that anyway. But what -- It's so bad, it's making our justice system look so bad. The good news is the people get it, and I'm leading Biden by a lot.

Donald Trump: And we raised more money, I think, than has ever been raised in a short period of time. I don't think it's even close. And a lot of that money was small, small donor money. I think it was $71 average, $71. But we raised more money than, I mean, nobody ever saw -- I think we did $58 million almost immediately after the verdict came out.

Donald Trump: But I did expect a verdict because the judge, when he made up this horrible charge, the instructions to the jury, many people, very smart -- look, we had Gregg Jarrett and so many of the -- Andy McCarthy; Turley, Jonathan Turley, brilliant guys, incredible guys, Dershowitz, incredible people. Mark Levin, you know, all of these people, many of the people from all of the people from Newsmax.

Donald Trump: I actually didn't hear -- even Elie Honig from CNN, they were all 100% against this thing. And they said it was a horrible trial. It was a -- it was a rigged trial because the jury instructions, as soon as that was said -- numerous of these people said, "Wow, he just ruled against the president." And this was a trial -- by the way, Greg, this was a trial that nobody thought should even have been brought.

Donald Trump: And it was never going to be brought, except that I ran and took the lead. If I didn't run this -- I would be now in a nice location some place enjoying life. But I'm enjoying life anyway because we're going to make America great again, and you're helping.

Greg Kelly: Thank you. And real quick, this guy -- I think this is a prosecutor you're allowed to talk about. His name is Pomerantz. He actually put it in a book, how Bragg didn't want to prosecute, how this was an iffy case at best. And he said this in the audio version. If you can listen to this, he's talking about Weisselberg and the techniques that these prosecutors are using, the techniques and tactics.

Greg Kelly: Check this out, Mr. President.

Mark Pomerantz: [Begin audio recording] Carey and I also discussed calling Weisselberg's lawyer to fire a warning shot over his bow. We could say that we might be coming after Weisselberg without specifying what we had on him, which was very little at that point, in the hope that he would get scared and fall into our laps as a witness. [End audio recording]

Greg Kelly: You see that? It's --

Donald Trump: Amazing.

Greg Kelly: Intimidation.

Donald Trump: Horrible.

Greg Kelly: They admit to it.

Donald Trump: Horrible.

Greg Kelly: It's crazy. Mr. president --

Donald Trump: Well, they put him in jail. I mean, they put him in jail. Look, let me just tell you about this guy. This guy and his firm, and I think him represented Hillary Clinton. He then left the firm -- Paul, Weiss, he left the firm, and he went to work for the prosecutor to get Trump. He specifically went to get Trump.

Donald Trump: How would you like to be in my position where a smart guy at a top firm, very Democrat firm, representing Hillary Clinton and Bill Clinton decides that he's going to leave the firm. And I think for no money, he's going to represent, he's going to go work for the district attorney in order to prosecute Donald Trump --

Greg Kelly: He thought --

Donald Trump: For something that he knew absolutely nothing about. They didn't know anything about. They didn't know, was there a crime? There was no crime. In fact, one of the things the big defense is that everybody says is there's no crime here. There was no crime. The election law wasn't broken. The FEC, Federal Elections Commission, said we did nothing wrong.

Greg Kelly: It is incredible.

Donald Trump: The Southern district said we did nothing wrong. Bragg said we did nothing wrong. Vance said we did nothing wrong. And then, Bragg indicted us later and charge us. And then, you had a judge that was so unbelievably -- what he did is so horrible and it's so badly hurting our Constitution, frankly. It's so badly hurting the state of New York, what he's done.

Donald Trump: But I had it done with two other judges, Judge Engoron and Judge Kaplan. And this is a cabal. This is a terrible thing that's happening, giving a woman that I have no idea -- we have no -- you know that case. No idea, other than the fact that she had a picture taken many, many years ago. I've never met this woman.

Donald Trump: I don't know this woman. And I'm supposed to pay a ridiculous amount of money for a fictional story. And Judge Engoron -- I built a great company. The company turned out to be much better than anybody ever thought. And he fined me almost $500 million --

Greg Kelly: It's wild.

Donald Trump: With nothing.

Greg Kelly: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: And he's the one -- he's the one that's the fraud because he said a house that's worth $1 billion or more is worth $18 million. Everyone's trying to figure it out. You know, you buy a piece of land in Palm Beach, it costs you $100 million. It's all the same thing. It's -- honestly, it's a civil rights violation.

Donald Trump: I've had many, many great lawyers say they want to sue because this is a civil rights, you know, problem. This is really they've taken away your civil rights. But remember, it's about election interference. And that's what this is all about. It's election interference. And again, the judge is the most conflicted judge that anybody's ever seen.

Donald Trump: And I'm not allowed to talk about it because I'm under a gag order. Can you believe it?

Greg Kelly: It's --

Donald Trump: So, that's the way it is. And we're going to win anyway, and we're going to win bigger and better. And it's possible that our numbers are better now than they were three weeks ago.

Greg Kelly: Finally, are you closer -- would you say you are closer to making a decision on vice president? And a lot of people asked me to ask about Nikki Haley. They think Nikki Haley would be, oh, unifying. Personally, I know a lot of people who don't think that's the case. A lot of people don't think that's the case, but some do. Do you have anything to say about Nikki Haley?

Greg Kelly: And anything to say if you are closer to making a decision?

Donald Trump: Well, first of all, we have some unbelievable people, and you see who the people are. I mean, they've been out there and, you know, it's very interesting. I thought Tim Scott didn't run as good a race as he's capable of running for himself. But as a surrogate for me, he's unbelievable. He's been incredible.

Donald Trump: Governor Burgum from North Dakota has been incredible. Marco Rubio has been great. J. D. Vance has been great. We've had so many great people out there -- Ben Carson, so many great people. We have a lot of really people. But I think I'm going to hold it. As far as Nikki is concerned, I was very disappointed in her because she stayed too long.

Donald Trump: And remember, I beat her in her own state. I beat her very badly everywhere. You know, I set records in the primaries. People don't, you know, want to talk about it. But if it was somebody else other than me, they'd say, "Wow, what a job." We won every primary in a record. We beat her in her state, South Carolina, where she was governor by record numbers.

Donald Trump: If you look at the kind of numbers we got there. Incredible. And you're right, some people would be very disappointed if I chose her, and possibly some people would be, you know, fine. But I beat her by a lot. I mean, I beat -- she was the last one in, but that doesn't mean she did the best job outside of me.

Greg Kelly: Last, last --

Donald Trump: Ron DeSantis, by the way, Ron DeSantis has been great over the last couple of months. You see that?

Greg Kelly: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And they're -- everybody's coming in line. You know why? Because they have to beat these people. They have to beat -- and that includes Nikki Haley has to beat these horrible Democrats, these fascists, these people that want to destroy our country. And so, I think, people are coming together regardless of anything.

Donald Trump: I think people are coming together. And somebody like you helps it. I'll tell you, you have a big voice, and somebody like you really helps it.

Greg Kelly: Well, thank you, sir, very, very much for noticing. And I'm proud of what we're doing here. Your final, final question. Nigel Farage, he's a good friend of the show. Maybe you saw that he just announced for Parliament over there in the U.K. He's the man who basically brought about Brexit. Great man.

Donald Trump: Right.

Greg Kelly: Big fan of yours. Did you know he was running? And do you have anything to say about that?

Donald Trump: Well, I didn't know until just now, but he's great. He's a great guy, and he's going to do very well. I actually thought he should have run a long time ago. He would have been -- he would have done very well. But, no, he's got a very powerful voice over there and he's -- yeah, he is very much responsible, I think, for Brexit, f you think about it. But he'll do very well.

Donald Trump: He really -- I was surprised he didn't run I could say years ago because he's a force and he's a good man, so he's going to do well.

Greg Kelly: Mr. President, all the best to you, your family, and your team. Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you, Greg, very much. I appreciate it. Thank you.