Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-mediabuzz-fox-news-howard-kurtz-october-20-2024

Howard Kurtz: Mr. President, welcome.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Howard Kurtz: I've spoken out about the unethical editing of the Kamala Harris interview by "60 Minutes."

Donald Trump: Terrible.

Howard Kurtz: But you go a step further and you say --

Donald Trump: No.

Howard Kurtz: CBS should lose its license. Why?

Donald Trump: Sure. Well, I've never seen anything like it. She gave a horrible incompetent answer on a news program. It's not an entertainment program. It's -- they call it news. They say it's the No. 1 news program. And so, she gives an answer that was -- shows that she's dumb or incompetent or something wrong with her.

Donald Trump: It's so bad that the people at CBS say, "We're not going to little -- do a little editing like the word the, make it their, something." You understand. They take the whole ridiculous answer out -- and it was a long answer -- and replace it with a much shorter answer that she did having to do with a totally different subject, which -- which also didn't make sense, but it wasn't as incompetent.

Howard Kurtz: The head of the FCC, though --

Donald Trump: They don't do that with me.

Howard Kurtz: No. The head of the FCC says, "We would never yank a license --"

Donald Trump: Really?

Howard Kurtz: Because the politician didn't like his or her coverage.

Donald Trump: Well, this isn't a politician. This has nothing -- wait a minute. She gave an answer. They took the answer.

Howard Kurtz: As I said, I've been critical of it.

Donald Trump: Listen to this. They took -- just for your audience. You know about it.

Howard Kurtz: All right.

Donald Trump: They took the answer out in its entirety and they put a completely different answer in that looks -- that makes her look like she's normal, OK, which is about the best you're going to do. And I said, "I think it's the worst thing she's done." Now, what we're doing is we're going to subpoena their records because we want to see how much else did she do.

Donald Trump: And I can tell you, I've done "60 Minutes" many times, and they do with me different. They take sentences out. In other words, I -- I'm more honored by that, but I'll have a paragraph that -- that is a great paragraph and they'll make it less good by just taking things out. That's -- that's -- but that's different.

Donald Trump: That, you can sort of say they want to make the program shorter. You know --

Howard Kurtz: Yeah.

Donald Trump: They always say, "Well, we want to shorten it up." They take a great paragraph and, you know, they make it OK. But -- but with her, I've never -- I never knew anyone would do this. They took the whole thing out and they put a whole new thing in. I've never seen anything -- I think it's the biggest scandal I've ever seen for a broadcaster.

Donald Trump: And "60 Minutes" -- no, I think "60 Minutes," I think it should be taken off the air, frankly.

Howard Kurtz: You posted this.

Donald Trump: And -- and by the way, "60 Minutes," they also -- when I had an argument with Lesley Stahl -- now very famous -- about the laptop, she said it was Russia, but I never got an apology.

Howard Kurtz: You posted the following. Kamala should be investigated and forced off the campaign and Joe Biden allowed to take back his rightful place. Investigated for what?

Donald Trump: Well, it depends what you're talking about. Are you talking about "60 Minutes?"

Howard Kurtz: No. These are your words, so I'm asking you.

Donald Trump: Well, no. Let me tell you. They should look into it and investigate it. I'm investigated all the time. I'm the most investigated human being in history. They should investigate her. Look, on "60 Minutes," they say it was her campaign that forced them to do that. So, certainly, that should be investigated.

Howard Kurtz: That sounds like you miss Joe Biden.

Donald Trump: No, I think Joe Biden was -- I'm not a fan of Joe Biden, and I think he might be -- might have done better than her. I mean, if you take a look at the polls now, I mean, I can't tell you exactly, but it looks like I'm winning and winning pretty easily, but we'll see. You have to get out to vote. But no, I think what they did to Joe Biden was a threat to democracy, you know, to use their term.

Donald Trump: He had 14 million votes. They went into his office. He had a debate with me. He didn't do well. His poll numbers went down. And that's OK. That can happen. And they went in and they said, "You're not running anymore. We're taking it away from you." They took away the presidency of the United States. I don't even like using the word coup because a lot of people don't exactly understand what a coup is. They took away -- they told him --

Howard Kurtz: But nobody ran against the vice president.

Donald Trump: Excuse me. They took away the presidency, and they handed it to her. Well, nobody ran because the whole establishment did it. They did it as a whole. The Democrat Party did. When you saw that, you've never seen anything like that. He won the -- I mean, she was in the primary. You know, she was one of, like, 22 people. There were a lot of people.

Howard Kurtz: Last time, yeah.

Donald Trump: She was the first one to --

Howard Kurtz: Drop out.

Donald Trump: Get out because she did so badly. All of a sudden, she's running. So, I'm not saying from my standpoint, I'm saying from his standpoint, he's a very angry man. In fact, I think he probably likes me more than he likes her, but he's a very angry man right now.

Howard Kurtz: Let me ask you about Joe Scarborough because, on Bill Maher's show, he said, "His people," meaning your people, "have said they're going to arrest my producers."

Donald Trump: Oh, nobody said that. Look, Joe is a sick puppy. I know him well. I used to --

Howard Kurtz: You used to be friends.

Donald Trump: Well, I dropped him because I thought he was very unethical, actually. But I dropped him. But I used him for 2016, and I do it from my apartment. I wouldn't even have to go in. I'd do phone calls, and I did them almost -- sometimes on a daily basis.

Howard Kurtz: Why do you say unethical?

Donald Trump: And then everyone said -- because I watch him and what he says about me. What he says is so bad. And you have to understand -- no, I was friendly with him and with Mika. But at a certain point -- and it doesn't matter why, but I -- I didn't want to do it anymore with them, and they're not too happy about it.

Donald Trump: No, but he says -- he says a lot of things like that. I think they're unethical, but who knows?

Howard Kurtz: I want to drill down on this question of retribution because -- against your political opponents --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Howard Kurtz: Because you've had opportunities to walk that back. And my question is this, are you prepared to say now that you will not use law enforcement to punish or prosecute your political opponents?

Donald Trump: Excuse me. That's what they're using on me.

Howard Kurtz: And that -- OK. So, you're saying that they started it.

Donald Trump: Well, wait a minute. Before -- before you start this --

Howard Kurtz: Yeah, I got it.

Donald Trump: Howie, that's what they're using on me. I've got DAs. I've got everybody. They look at me. There's -- there's never been anything like this. The biggest case was the one down in Florida, and I beat it 100 percent. I won the case because we had, number one, a brilliant judge and a judge that moved rather rapidly.

Donald Trump: And I won the case. By the way, Biden had almost the same case, but he didn't have the Presidential Records Act --

Howard Kurtz: On the records, yeah.

Donald Trump: Because he wasn't the president. Just to finish, and he got off on the basis that he's incompetent to -- you know, essentially, that he's incompetent. And it was a strange ruling because they said, number one, he's incompetent, so he's not going to be -- but he was -- the prosecutor actually said he's guilty, but he's incompetent.

Donald Trump: But they didn't say he couldn't be president anymore. That was his bigger problem for not being president. How can you not represent you -- yourself in court because you're incompetent but you're allowed to represent the United States of America? The whole thing is crazy. But no, they have weaponized government against me.

Howard Kurtz: But are you -- use it -- willing to use the same tactics [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: No, I don't want to do that because that's a bad thing for the country. I don't want to do that. I don't know who said -- I haven't said that I would. But they have done it. I've got attorney generals, DAs, they're all --

Howard Kurtz: Right.

Donald Trump: You take a look at -- you take a look in Atlanta --

Howard Kurtz: You're -- you have --

Donald Trump: With -- with Fani.

Howard Kurtz: You have been investigated. Yeah, with Fani Willis.

Donald Trump: They went and met with them. It's all coming out of the Justice Department. They have done something never done in this country before. Now, it's been done in a lot of other countries, third-world countries, banana republics, but never done. So, when you ask that question, you really have to start by saying, well, they've done it to you.

Donald Trump: No, I'm not looking to do it to them at all because that is a really -- they have set a very bad precedent, however.

Howard Kurtz: You talk about the enemy within. There's enemies -- America's enemies outside.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Howard Kurtz: The enemy within is a pretty ominous phrase if you're talking about other Americans.

Donald Trump: I think it's accurate. I mean, I think it's accurate.

Howard Kurtz: Who are you talking about? Who's the enemy?

Donald Trump: And, you know, I heard that they say, "Oh, the enemy." On the outside, you have Russia, you have China, you have a lot of different groups. If you have a smart president, they can be easily handled. I handled them. We had no wars. I had no -- we had no wars. The only thing I had was ISIS, and I defeated them in, like, record time.

Donald Trump: They were gone. But I started no wars. The outside people, the so-called enemies, if they're enemies, and they might not be enemies, if you have a smart president, they can be handled. But when you have people investigating my campaign, when you have people -- you know, they spied on my campaign, Howie.

Donald Trump: You understand that. That's been proven. But they spy on your campaign. The Russia, Russia, Russia hoax was -- was all made up. And now, it's acknowledged that it was made up, all of these different things. You have the 51 different agents saying it was from Russia, and now they all say it wasn't from Russia, OK? So, we were lying.

Donald Trump: All -- many other things, many, many. I could go on, you just don't have enough time. But what they've done is so terrible. Who's ever heard of anything like this? Adam Shifty Schiff, he's a crooked guy. He's a crooked politician, 100 percent. And he's going to be a senator now. Can you believe it?

Howard Kurtz: But again --

Donald Trump: No, no.

Howard Kurtz: He's a political opponent of yours.

Donald Trump: He's not -- no, no.

Howard Kurtz: Is he the enemy?

Donald Trump: No. He's a -- well, he is -- of course, he's an enemy. He's an enemy. He wanted to put my son in jail, and my son didn't even know what he was talking about. He wanted to put my son in jail on a scam that he made up called Russia, Russia, Russia. He, Hillary Clinton, and a group of people made up a scam and they came out of a room and they said Donald Trump Jr.

Donald Trump: will be going to jail over this. And my son called me and said, "What did I do?" He knew nothing about Russia. It had nothing to do with him. Think of how bad you have to be when you say you're going to put any son, not just, you know, a president's son, but any son -- you're going to put somebody in jail on a scam that you knew was made up by you.

Donald Trump: That's an enemy from within. That's really -- that is a threat to democracy. These are bad people. We have a lot of bad people. But when you look at Shifty Schiff and some of the others, yeah, they are, to me, the enemy from within. I think Nancy Pelosi is an enemy from within. She lied. She was supposed to protect the Capitol.

Donald Trump: She said that to her daughter just recently. It was found on the tape from her daughter, who's a documentary maker. She said, "This is my responsibility." She admitted it. But I offered her 10,000 National Guard troops, anything she wants.

Howard Kurtz: You've told me about that.

Donald Trump: No, but she didn't take them. She should have taken them, and you wouldn't have had -- you know, you wouldn't have had January 6th as we know it.

Howard Kurtz: Well, just --

Donald Trump: And by the way, if she took 500 people, you wouldn't have had it, you know, let alone 10,000.

Howard Kurtz: Sure. So, let me -- you actually give me a segue into my next question. I do have to say for the record that the spying accusation is in dispute. I know you don't believe that.

Donald Trump: What -- what accusation?

Howard Kurtz: The spying accusation.

Donald Trump: I don't think it's in dispute. Obama and Biden spied on my campaign. It's not -- it was a long time ago. We're talking about the previous campaign.

Howard Kurtz: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Maybe they're doing this campaign, too. But so far, it doesn't seem to be working.

Howard Kurtz: January 6th, the other day, you called it a day of love. That sparked a lot of reaction given that many police officers were attacked and there were mobs shouting, "Hang Mike Pence." Can you understand why many Americans would view it as a dark and tragic day in our history?

Donald Trump: The crowd I spoke before, which you rarely see -- I have pictures of it, massive, but nobody wants to put them in -- it was the biggest crowd I've ever spoken to, and I've spoken to the biggest crowds. I've never seen that many people. A small group of them -- and, you know, peacefully and patriotically, which nobody uses.

Donald Trump: My words were peacefully and patriotically. A small group went down to the Capitol, but they came -- they came because they thought it was a rigged election. They -- they -- it was -- this was a protest against a rigged election. And I can't say exactly the number, but I've had massive crowds, and this was, by far, the biggest crowd I've spoken to the crowd at the Washington Monument and the Lincoln Memorial on a Fourth of July.

Donald Trump: This crowd was bigger. And I tell you, there was a beauty to it and there was a love to it that I've never seen before.

Howard Kurtz: But, Mr. President --

Donald Trump: A small group of people went down to the Capitol, and then a lot of strange things happened, including police ushering them into the Capitol. I mean, you know that and -- and a lot of states say, so I'm not referring to that. I'm saying that when I saw that tremendous crowd, the largest group I've ever spoken to, in front of these beautiful monuments, I thought it was actually a beautiful thing. It was a protest.

Howard Kurtz: But, Mr. President --

Donald Trump: Now, if other groups protest --

Howard Kurtz: Let me jump in, please.

Donald Trump: I know, but, Howie, when other groups protest, whatever they may be protesting, nobody says anything. It's -- you know, they have --

Howard Kurtz: Well --

Donald Trump: A right to protest.

Howard Kurtz: There was a lot of violence, 1,200 people pled guilty or were convicted, almost 600 were charged with assault, assaulting police officers or rioting. Now, you're somebody who says you're on the side of law enforcement --

Donald Trump: Well, you know --

Howard Kurtz: But you seem not to have much sympathy --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Howard Kurtz: For the police on that day.

Donald Trump: No, no. There's nobody closer to the police than I am. Nobody. But you take a look at Portland, Oregon. Portland, Oregon, people were killed. There was nobody killed here. Nobody had guns here either.

Howard Kurtz: There were people with guns.

Donald Trump: Well, really? I'd like to know. You mean in the rally or they had -- they had some guns at their home --

Howard Kurtz: No, at --

Donald Trump: Or someplace?

Howard Kurtz: At the place.

Donald Trump: Oh, really? I have not heard that at all. No, I don't think so. They had no guns. They had no guns.

Howard Kurtz: So --

Donald Trump: That was a peaceful -- peaceful and patriotic.

Howard Kurtz: So, you're comfortable with the day of love?

Donald Trump: No.

Howard Kurtz: You wouldn't modify that?

Donald Trump: I'm talking about when I made that speech, I've never seen anything like it. They came down to protest a rigged election. Very simple. They protested an election. And you know what, I think you have the right to protest in this country.

Howard Kurtz: Well, no one is disputing that, but --

Donald Trump: You know, if anybody else protests, nobody does anything about it. Take a look at Portland. Portland.

Howard Kurtz: But you're going back to another situation.

Donald Trump: No, I'm not. I'm not.

Howard Kurtz: I'm talking about that day.

Donald Trump: I'm talking about another situation. People got killed. They destroyed the city. They've broken all the storefronts. They tried to tear down the federal courthouse. Take a look at Seattle. They took over Seattle. They took it over. They took over.

Howard Kurtz: Nobody is condoning that either.

Donald Trump: Of course -- well, no -- no, but nothing happened to the people that did it. They're not in jail. There's nobody in jail. Take a look at Minneapolis, the city of this wacky governor, this wacky guy that runs it that's now trying to be vice president. That was death and it was fire. Nobody's ever seen anything -- the whole city looked like it was burning down.

Donald Trump: Nothing happened to those people. The only thing that happened to are these people. Take a look more recently -- more recently, about two months ago, they had a really bad situation where they put graffiti all over the beautiful limestone lions. It can never be the same because limestone is a soft stone and the, you know, stuff will go inside, the paint.

Donald Trump: But they put spray paint on top of lions. It'll -- it'll be there in 100 years. You're going to see it. No, but they had vicious rights. They were attacking the cops. Nothing happened to them. Only to these people. And I just want fairness. That's all.

Howard Kurtz: General Jim Mattis, who was your secretary of defense, has now joined General Mark Milley, who was your chairman of the joint chiefs, in saying, this is their quote, "You are the most dangerous person ever." I assume you'd like to respond.

Donald Trump: Well, they were not my cup of tea, and they were -- they were woke. You know that. They were not great generals, in my opinion. I was asking them advice. I didn't agree with the advice. Look at the advice that Milley gave to Biden on Afghanistan: move the soldiers out first. No, you have to move the soldiers out last.

Donald Trump: I don't respect them as soldiers. I never did. I -- I fired them both. I let them resign, but I fired them both. I got them out in the form of Mattis. The other one, I didn't -- I just -- I didn't listen to his advice very much because --

Howard Kurtz: So, you're dismissing [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: And some others. And I did respect others. My generals were -- I beat -- as you know, I defeated ISIS. It was supposed to take years, and I got it done very quickly. Had great generals that I dealt with. I don't consider those people great generals. I think Mattis was a wash and not very good, and I think that Milley was terrible.

Donald Trump: I watched his performances in Congress, and I thought he was terrible. And he told me the same thing about Afghanistan. I said, "We want to get out." I was prepared to get out. I was going to keep Bagram, but we were -- I would have been out before Biden. Milley said we should leave all of the military equipment behind.

Donald Trump: I said, "Why would you do that? Would you leave $150 million jet fighter?" "Yes, sir. It's cheaper, sir." And I started to realize -- and to me, he wasn't my cup of tea. I can give you -- you know, I just had -- I was very honored by it. Three hundred and some odd people signed a major letter saying that I was a great commander in chief.

Donald Trump: And they were all top intelligence people and military people.

Howard Kurtz: So, therefore, you're dismissing Mattis and Milley.

Donald Trump: Well, I just didn't respect them. I didn't think they were good. And Mattis, I fired. I said, "Give me a letter," but fired. And Milley, I would have fired, but the time was, you know, pretty -- pretty short, so I just left him. But I thought Milley was terrible. I thought what he did for Biden -- and he blames Biden on top of everything else.

Donald Trump: You know, he blames Biden for the catastrophe. The most embarrassing day in the history of our country, in the history of our country, I believe, or moment in time was Afghanistan, the way they did that, taking the soldiers out first. We would have been out of there so good. You know, we had conditions.

Donald Trump: We had a very strong condition. You take the soldiers out last. But Milley should have been fired -- immediately, should have been fired, everybody having to do with the withdrawal from Afghanistan. The withdrawal is fine, but the way they did it was so bad. He should have been fired. No, I didn't respect Milley and I didn't respect Mattis.

Donald Trump: I respect a lot of people. But you mentioned a couple of hundred people. These were people, a lot of them, I fired. I thought they were no good. What you didn't say is that a letter came in just recently. I had nothing to do with it. Over 300 people that work in government said I was the best president that they've ever had.

Donald Trump: Let's go to another thing, the border. Tom Homan said I'm the greatest president in his lifetime, that, in his opinion, I'm the greatest president ever, the people that ran the border. I had a very safe border. I had a great border. I had the best border that we've ever had in this country in recorded history.

Howard Kurtz: And you hold Kamala Harris partially responsible for the situation?

Donald Trump: No, I hold her fully responsible. I gave them the best border we've ever had. Now, we have the worst border in history of any country, not just our country. There's never been a border. And now, it's learned through -- and by the way, just so you know, I just got -- Border Patrol gave me their endorsement.

Howard Kurtz: I know.

Donald Trump: And it's a complete and total -- and they said she's terrible. They didn't just give me the -- they said I'm the best they've ever seen, and they said she's the worst that we've ever seen. They were so bad, I don't even know how they do it. I mean, it was so bad, what they said about her, that anybody reading that endorsement would say you can't vote for her.

Donald Trump: So, when you tell me about a couple of stiffs, a few stiff people, people that I fired, largely -- you know why I fire them? Because they were no good. Biden never fires anybody. So, when you don't fire people, they don't write books about you. When you fire people, they do. They won't write books about him anyway because nobody cares about him. It's one of those things.

Howard Kurtz: Your famous line about Springfield, Ohio -- and I -- I take your point that 15,000 to 20,000 illegal Haitian immigrants settling in that area causes a lot of friction. But when you said -- and you know it's gone viral -- that they're eating the dogs, they're eating the cats. You say you're just reporting what had been said, but why not say now, well, look, that turned out not to be true?

Donald Trump: I don't know --

Howard Kurtz: It is [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: I don't know if it's true or not true. I read something --

Howard Kurtz: Eating the pets, you don't know if it's true or not true?

Donald Trump: No.

Howard Kurtz: It's been debunked by local officials.

Donald Trump: Well, what about the goose -- the geese? What about the geese, what happened there where they were all missing? I don't know.

Howard Kurtz: There was one -- let's say we have two geese.

Donald Trump: Howie -- Howie -- Howie, I have no idea. I said something. The big problem is that you can't put 30,000 people into a 50,000-person town or city and expect this city to even survive or do well. What they've done to Springfield, Ohio is very, very unfair. And I mean, there are a lot of stories. There are a lot of other stories that I've heard that are horrible stories.

Donald Trump: I haven't said it. Maybe I will, maybe I won't. But that's a story that was reported, and I said that. But why don't you go after the newspaper that wrote it? Don't -- don't, you know, blame me.

Howard Kurtz: Well, I think it's been debunked by local officials, but you're --

Donald Trump: I don't think it's been debunked at all. I think nobody talks about it, except you.

Howard Kurtz: You've gone after individual news organizations like the Wall Street Journal, but you're also crusading against fact-checkers. And in fact, you've turned down a number of interviews if there was going to be real-time fact-checking. What's your issue there?

Donald Trump: Well, I haven't turned down your interview, and I haven't -- I mean, you and I have no deal when we came up here.

Howard Kurtz: That's right.

Donald Trump: I didn't say you can't talk about anything. I'll talk about anything. I don't care.

Howard Kurtz: Do fact-checkers have credibility in this age?

Donald Trump: There are no fact-checkers anymore.

Howard Kurtz: Who are the people who say that fact-checkers --

Donald Trump: No, no. Excuse me. What I said is and I reported this and I said it very loudly because, largely, there's fake news out there. It's corrupt news. It's beyond fake news. In the old days -- I've been doing this for a long time. I'd have a story in the New York Times, let's say. And when the writer was finished, I'd get a call from what's called a fact-checker.

Donald Trump: This is what I said. And they say, "Sir, is it right that you did this? Is it right that you did that? Is it right that you have this number of things, whatever it may be?" In other words, they check the story. I didn't appreciate it at the time. Now, I do. It was so professional. They'd check the writer, and it's called a fact-checker.

Howard Kurtz: Well, there are still checkers.

Donald Trump: I said I haven't had a fact-checker call me in 20 years. It's true. I used to have them call me all the time, routinely, a fact-checker at the New York Times or when -- whoever was doing the story.

Howard Kurtz: Usually, it's magazines, but go ahead.

Donald Trump: They don't fact-check anymore. Today, they don't even call. They write stories -- the New York Times is totally, in my opinion, corrupt. They write stories about me knowingly false, knowing -- anything to try and win it for a radical left crazy person that will destroy our country. And I call it the failing New York Times.

Donald Trump: It does terribly. But they write whatever they want to write.

Howard Kurtz: Do you have an example of something that you thought was a lie?

Donald Trump: Well, I think you'll see it because I'm probably going to sue them at some point, you know, very soon. So, you'll see it. You'll have a whole -- you'll have a lot of pages worth of examples. But they will write just the -- and the thing is the public doesn't see it. They'll write the opposite of what you tell them.

Donald Trump: I'll tell them this, this, this, and then it's not printed that way. Look, we have a great example, a lot of them lately, and we don't have the times -- the times I have. I could give you a lot. I'll give you a lot. You'll see a lot in about a week. But the "60 Minutes," go back to it, do you think it's ethical for them to take her -- her whole answer out and give her a brand-new answer that makes her look OK as opposed to incompetent?

Howard Kurtz: No, I think it's highly unethical. The question is whether --

Donald Trump: No, but don't you think that --

Howard Kurtz: Losing a license is sufficient --

Donald Trump: Yeah. Well --

Howard Kurtz: Is an adequate or a drastic punishment?

Donald Trump: How many times have they done it? They've done it to me, too, in a different way. See, my answers are good. The difference is they will take things out of my answers. They'll shorten them up, and they're really changing them. But I don't consider that the same kind of a violation. I've never heard of a -- I think it's the biggest scandal in broadcast history, I think, what they did.

Donald Trump: You have a candidate from a major party of two candidates. You have the candidate from a major party who's incompetent. She's incompetent. You know it, and so do I. And hopefully, the public will find out about it before they vote. And she'll ruin this country, and she's a Marxist. She's going to ruin this country. But you have a candidate from --

Howard Kurtz: Why do you keep saying she's a Marxist?

Donald Trump: Because her father is a Marxist and -- OK. If you --

Howard Kurtz: Well, even if he was, and that's in -- he --

Donald Trump: Father is a Marxist professor.

Howard Kurtz: He's a professor who has --

Donald Trump: No, he's a -- he's a Marxist professor of economics.

Howard Kurtz: Therefore, that makes his daughter --

Donald Trump: And by the way, whatever happened to him? How come nobody interviews him?

Howard Kurtz: Therefore, his daughter is a Marxist?

Donald Trump: No, her views are. But now, she's changed them. She's become MAGA. She became MAGA. I'm going to send her a hat because she's used -- now, her views are much different. But you go back two years ago, go back to when she was defeated by Biden, OK?

Howard Kurtz: Four years ago, yeah.

Donald Trump: And she was radical left. Transgender operations for anybody that wanted them. She was -- she was beyond -- I would say she was probably beyond Marxist if you want to know the truth. She is considered -- let's put it differently. She's rated by a lot of professionals to be, by far, the most liberal senator and much more liberal than Bernie Sanders or Pocahontas, OK? When you're more liberal than Bernie Sanders, I mean -- and by a lot, this country cannot have that.

Donald Trump: This country has to get wise to it. They have to find out. So, when you ask me that question, you can't talk about her now. You have to talk about her a couple of years ago. There'll be no drilling. There'll be no fracking. There'll be no anything. She was, you know -- so she was -- liberal is not the word.

Donald Trump: Well, she was far -- she was far left of what you would call liberal.

Howard Kurtz: Mr. President, thank you very much --

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Howard Kurtz: For sitting down with us here at Trump Tower.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. It's been fun.