Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-josh-meny-news-2-reno-nevada-new-york-may-21-2024

Josh Meny: Good day. Mr. President, thank you very much for joining us. Well --

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Josh Meny: All right, let's talk about Nevada. First, you're up 13 points in Nevada, according to a New York Times poll. However, the Biden-Harris team has more than ten offices in Nevada. What are you going to do to shore up your ground game?

Donald Trump: Well, they have ten offices and an incompetent president, the worst president in history. He's been terrible to Nevada. He's been terrible at everything because he doesn't know what he's doing. So I think they can have 50 offices in Nevada; he is proven to be, I think, the worst president in the history of our country; when you look at what happened with Russia, that would have never happened going into Ukraine, you look at take a look at October 7, with Israel that would have never the attack on Israel would have never happened, we wouldn't have inflation would have a much better economy, and it would have a real economy to a real economy.

Donald Trump: Now, he's. I don't think it matters how many offices he has. Yes, and we've had a, we have a very good we have a great relationship with that state. It's a special state. And I'm coming back very soon also, by the way, but I think we're going to win it big. We're up 13 points in the last poll. And I think we could go up quite a bit more than that.

Josh Meny: Mr. President, the poll numbers for Hispanic voters are also going in your favor. However, you did say that on day one, you'd like to end birthright citizenship. With that said, why do you think you're making inroads with Hispanic voters?

Donald Trump: Well, I've been making really almost from the beginning, beginning in 2016, I was a very big overachiever relative to Republicans. And now I'm leading in many places. I'm leading in Miami. I'm leading along the Texas border, which is almost all Hispanic, and leading by big numbers. I've been great to them.

Donald Trump: They're incredible people. They're smart and entrepreneurial people they know; I like them. And they like me. And I mean, it's somewhat of a revolution going on in terms of the vote with the Hispanic voters. And I think it's going to continue; I think it's going to get more so Biden doesn't do anything. Biden doesn't know he's alive; he doesn't do anything for them.

Donald Trump: And they know it. They know it. One thing I noticed with the Hispanic voters is that they want security and safety. They don't want people pouring into their towns and, and you know, disturbing things in crime and taking their jobs at a much lesser pay. Or they do they want security. They've worked hard.

Donald Trump: And they've attained great success. Great. It's really an amazing, amazing group of people, tremendous energy, smart. And they want to keep what they built. They want to keep it for themselves. And I understand that.

Josh Meny: All right, let's talk about Yucca Mountain. It's injected into the U.S. Senate race between Jackie Rosen and her likely challenger, Sam Brown. Now, as a contemporary president, you've probably looked at this project. But where do you stand on Yucca Mountain Nuclear Repository today?

Donald Trump: I'm against it. I've been strongly against it for a long time. Let it be someplace else that area's thriving. And there are complexities to doing that. And I'm guessing that they have other alternatives.

Josh Meny: All right, going back to your last presidency. Do you have any regrets about picking Mike Pence as your vice president? And what will you do differently this time when you vet your VP?

Donald Trump: Mike did a good job until the end when he didn't have the courage to do what you have to do. He had the right to turn those votes back to the states. And to have them check could have been done in three days, two days, or one day, and they could have done it in one week. And in fact, you know, he said he didn't have the right to do it. But he did.

Donald Trump: In fact, they took that right. And they ended that right. After, you know, the right that he had to do he had absolute right. And what they did is after the election, they terminated the right. They got some rhinos together with Democrats, and they made it so you no longer have the right to do, and I said you have the right to do, and as you know, that was a very scarred up election, terrible election, a horrible election.

Donald Trump: And he had the right to send it back while you're doing is asking them to please go over the votes. And I believe if he did that, because by that time, a lot was learned about the corruption. If he did that, I believe you would have had different election results. So Mike's been very badly hurt. I liked by very much.

Donald Trump: We worked well together but didn't work well together in the end because he didn't have the courage to do what you have to do.

Josh Meny: Alright, Mr. President. Your former Iceland ambassador, Jeff Gunther, is now in a tight race with Sam Brown. Why haven't you endorsed Jeff Gunther?

Donald Trump: Well, I haven't seen that there's a tight race. I've seen polls where Sam is leading actually by quite a bit, so I haven't heard that it's a tight race. I like all of the candidates, frankly. including Marchant. I like him. I'm going to be making endorsements over the next couple of days. But it looks to me like Sam has got a pretty good lead.

Donald Trump: You know, I'm speaking here from just a small amount of knowledge. I do study that race. It's an important race, and you have good candidates, but I'll be endorsing somebody over the next two to three days.

Josh Meny: All right, Mr. President, thank you very much for your time. Thank you.