Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-dr-phil-primetime-june-6-2024

Donald Trump: It's an honor to be with you. Let me just say, it's great looking at that logo. I've seen that sucker a long time.

Phil McGraw: Yeah. You look well.

Donald Trump: I feel good.

Phil McGraw: Do you?

Donald Trump: I feel good. No pressure.

Phil McGraw: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's nice to lead a life of no pressure whatsoever. Corruption, surrounded by corrupt judges and corrupt politicians. Other than that, there's no pressure.

Phil McGraw: You know, you and I talked the other night, and I work in trial sciences for a lot of my career. And so, I have a particular interest in the dynamics of the trial setting. You're fighting this fight and standing up for the rights of due process and fighting against prosecutorial misconduct and prosecutorial abuse.

Donald Trump: You know, it was interesting when you called the other day about doing an interview. A lot of people want to do interviews, and I don't just agree to them very easily, but I've always had great respect for you. I watched your show. Some of the -- the real good ones and some of the less intellectual ones, and that's OK, too.

Donald Trump: But it's always been -- you've always been very special. And I knew that you were, in some form, very much involved with trials, and I found it to be very interesting that you would take this up. It's a very important thing.

Phil McGraw: Well, I wanted to and I know that there was some news coming out of Georgia today, there was some news coming out of Florida today that they're stepping back from this. And --

Donald Trump: Very good news.

Phil McGraw: I called for the other day, and I don't know if you saw it, but on Merit Street Media, where I now do my show, I called for President Biden to stop all of this now. And of course, a lot of people said, "Oh, he can't stop it. It's a state case." Well, OK, that's an explanation for stupid people. But for people that understand how this works behind the scenes and all, I say the same thing, they need to stop this.

Phil McGraw: They need to stop pursuing you. Since you started your campaign in 2015 to run for office, there have been so many attempts to get you off the board, even before you started your campaign. Then when -- once you were in office, two impeachment opportunities, they changed the rules to try to make it high crimes and misdemeanors if there were business conflicts, and then this case, then this case.

Donald Trump: It never ends.

Phil McGraw: It seems to be never-ending. And that is a distraction to you. And, you know, I -- I really wonder how that affects you. What do you say to yourself about that because it seems to never be ending?

Donald Trump: It's a never-ending thing. There's a term that I know you've heard many times. It's called Trump derangement syndrome.

Phil McGraw: Right.

Donald Trump: And nobody's ever seen anything like it. In one way, we drive them totally crazy because we're doing the right thing. You wonder, why would somebody want to have open borders where people are coming in from jails, prisons, where they're coming in from mental institutions. And as you know better than anyone else, they're coming in -- they're releasing the people all over the world, not just South America, from mental institutions and jails and prisons, and they're terrorists coming in by the thousands.

Donald Trump: They're pouring into our country. And who would allow this? You know, it's common sense. It's not a conservative thing. If they would devote that same skill and talent to making America great again, it would really be a wonderful thing. But in the meantime, we're beating them. You know, you mentioned, I got impeached twice and I won twice very easily, very quickly.

Donald Trump: We had great support from the Republican Party. I have all these cases. All my life, I didn't have any problem, then all of a sudden, within a matter of months, I ended up with four cases. Now, of course, it's from the White House and the Department of Justice. They totally control the state case. In fact, I'm not allowed to even be talking about certain aspects of it because I have a gag order.

Donald Trump: Think of it. I'm the Republican nominee, I was the president, and I'm leading the current Democrat by a lot, and I have a gag order from a local judge that was appointed by the Democrat Party, local -- a local judge. He's a local person, and he is appointed, and he put a gag order on me.

Phil McGraw: While you're --

Donald Trump: And nobody's ever seen anything like it.

Phil McGraw: While you're campaigning, they gave you a gag order.

Donald Trump: While I'm campaigning. Like you just mentioned the question that I'm not allowed to talk about.

Phil McGraw: Right.

Donald Trump: Can you imagine, I'm the Republican nominee and I'm not allowed to talk because a local judge from New York, appointed by Democrats, said I can't talk about it. It's so unfair. And then he gives a jury charge. Nobody's ever heard of a charge like this. He gave instructions to the jury. And by the way, the jury happened to be in a location that was almost no Republicans.

Donald Trump: You understand that?

Phil McGraw: Yeah. It's 87-13 in the last two elections, Republican. And I know you can't talk about it. I'm not under a gag order. I do know that the No. 3 person in the Department of Justice took a pay cut and went down in stature to go to a state job and become one of the lead prosecutors in this case. But yet, they say, "Hey, Dr. Phil, why are you saying that -- that President Biden needs to stop all of this?

Phil McGraw: It's the state case." That's exactly why I'm saying it. Don't be naive, people. Understand that there's a power play going on here.

Donald Trump: It's controlled by the White House and the DOJ, 100%.

Phil McGraw: You know, Gerard Baker wrote in Wall Street Journal today, and I'm paraphrasing, but he said what do we say to those people that are rejoicing over reducing law to the status of a weapon in the hands of the dominant political power? Because that's what's happening right now. It's become a weapon, and that's not what it's intended for.

Phil McGraw: That's not what we need to be doing. I mean, let's let the people decide these, right?

Donald Trump: That's right. That was a very good statement in the Wall Street Journal. I read that this morning. And it's so true. I mean, it's so accurate. They've weaponized to a level they are trying to affect the election by demeaning, hurting in any form. And by the way, I think after the election, they'll still -- the hatred is great enough that they'll go, but with much less enthusiasm.

Donald Trump: This is about November 5th, which, I think, is going to be the most important day in the history of our country. If we don't turn this around, we're not going to have a country left anymore.

Phil McGraw: Well, you -- we're a country of laws, right? I mean -- and that's what's made us so orderly. That's what has allowed us to progress forward. And there's something that are called hornbook laws or blackletter law. They are just -- these things are just been around so long, and these were violated, in your case, one right after the other.

Phil McGraw: For example, you don't let someone that has been charged in the same case as someone else and they made a plea deal and said, "OK, I'm guilty of doing this," because they were intimidated into doing it. The lawyer, in your case, we don't even need to speak his name, he bartered around out from under 65 years, looking at 65 years of imprisonment down to three years and two years on this case and a tax case.

Phil McGraw: So, it went from 65 years down to five years in exchange for giving them testimony against you. That's not supposed to come in, but it did. Pecker making a deal, a nonprosecution agreement, that's not supposed to come in, but it did. That got into the jury box. They got to hear all of that. And so, they say, well, you know, if we're not down here for the reasons they're saying, then we need an alternative explanation, which they're not allowed to get because your expert witness that was going to come in and say as a former chairman of the Election Commission was going to say this was looked at, there was nothing here.

Phil McGraw: There is no issues here.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible]

Phil McGraw: They didn't allow that person to talk, to testify. And I'm looking at this saying, "How is the jury supposed to solve this problem if they don't have all the pieces to the puzzle?"

Donald Trump: They wouldn't listen to him. They wouldn't talk to him. They didn't want to hear his testimony. They knew what he was going to say. He was going to say it was 100%. And very importantly, when they tell somebody you're going to jail for 15 years unless you say bad things about this guy named Trump, OK? Now, in all fairness, we know a lot of great people, but you don't know too many that would say, "I'm not going to do what they want."

Phil McGraw: Yeah.

Donald Trump: He goes up to somebody and they say, "Dr. Phil, you're going to jail for 15 years unless you say bad things about Trump. And if you say the bad things, you're not going to jail at all. In fact, we're going to make you a hero, or you're going to go for three months, or you're going to go for a short period of time." How many people are there that say, you know, "I'm not going to do that." There have been people.

Phil McGraw: Yeah, that's right.

Donald Trump: And those are -- in my opinion, these are great people. What they've done to people that work for me is incredible, incredible. The threats, the taking of a gentleman who's been with me for years and telling me he's going to jail for 15 years unless they say -- and he went back to jail a second time. I guess they didn't want him to testify.

Donald Trump: I don't know what happened exactly. But the threats that they made to this man, they've destroyed his life. These are fascists. You know, these are really bad people, Phil. And -- but who's going to do it? You're going to jail for 15 years, or you're going to go for 30 days or 40 days, or you're going to go for no time but you have to say bad things about Trump.

Phil McGraw: Yeah. And that's intimidation. And -- and you -- and some of these people, you look at their age, you look at their health. And for some of them, it could be a death sentence. And so, they make a deal, and -- and that's what I talk about -- that's what I mean when I say prosecutorial abuse. Did anyone ever approach you and try to get you to make a deal, drop out of the race, make a deal here, we'll leave you alone?

Phil McGraw: Did anyone ever approach you and try to get you to make a deal, drop out of the race, make a deal here, we'll leave you alone?

Donald Trump: No, they didn't, but I believe they would if they -- if -- if I would have offered that up, I don't think -- I think they know me well enough. I think I really do. But -- oh, if I didn't run, as an example, I would have never had any of these lawsuits. How about I get prosecuted on a person that I have no idea who she is? I have no idea who she is. I have to pay $91 million.

Donald Trump: And that judge was just as bad, just as corrupt, a corrupt judge. I have to pay 91 million to a woman I have no idea who she is. She wrote a book and she made a statement in the book. And you know that case.

Phil McGraw: I do.

Donald Trump: That case is a disaster. And then you -- but I have no idea who she is. And they said I did things. These people are corrupt and, in some cases, incompetent. But it's such an honor to have somebody like you see it and see it so clearly. And I knew that. I mean, I remember that years ago, you were helping Oprah out, that she was sued, and it was having a big impact on her.

Phil McGraw: Mad Cow [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: And I thought it was great. And, you know, Oprah used to really like me. She was here many times. She loved my key lime pie. We have key lime pie. And she loved a lot of things about Mar-a-Lago.

Phil McGraw: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And Roger King, as you know.

Phil McGraw: Yeah. We were here for the funeral for Roger King.

Donald Trump: Correct. A long time ago. It's the only funeral we've ever had at Mar-a-Lago. I said maybe we can do a new business here. We'll do operate as a funeral parlor. But it was one of the most beautiful funerals in the ballroom behind us. It was -- and he was a great guy. But -- and Oprah is terrific. But once I announced I was running and I said we have to have strong borders, we have to have this, we have to have that, we've sort of lost contact, as the expression goes.

Donald Trump: But I remember when you were very much involved in helping Oprah.

Phil McGraw: Well, that's what I'm saying. It's been time and time again. And, you know, that was another blackletter law that you just don't do. The judge tells you, "OK, you can testify, but I'm going to allow them to ask you about this person that you now owe $91 million. I'm going to allow them to ask you about this other case.

Phil McGraw: I'm going to allow them to ask you about 10 contempt citations that I've given you. I'm going to allow them to ask about all that stuff." What does any of that have to do with the matters at hand? And the answer is zero. That gets into the jury box if you take the witness stand. Again, that -- that is blackletter law.

Phil McGraw: You can't let in unrelated things that have more prejudicial impact than probative nature. That just doesn't happen. But it happened one, two, three things right in a row.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Phil McGraw: And that gets into the jury box.

Donald Trump: If you testify, they'll be able to ask you about all these different things. And by the way, if you say one thing, that's -- if you say it was a beautiful day as I remember it, and it was raining out, we're going to indict you for perjury.

Phil McGraw: Yeah. Yeah.

Donald Trump: And I'll tell you what, I have a lot of lawyers that are friends and this and that. I had probably 25 guys over the course of a couple of months say, "Whatever you do, don't testify because you'll say something that's a little bit off and you will be indicted for lying, for perjury." These are evil people.

Donald Trump: These are sick, evil people. And, you know, I --

Phil McGraw: I would have thrown myself in front of your car to keep you from testifying.

Donald Trump: No, I know. I wanted to so badly. And by the way, I would have loved to have testified about those things because it was so corrupt and so horrible, but he wouldn't have allowed me to answer the questions properly.

Phil McGraw: No.

Donald Trump: And so, I would have loved to have testified. I wanted to. I'm telling you, they had to hold me back. But every -- every lawyer that came, they'd always start to say, "By the way, I'm a friend of yours, don't testify." And they saw what he was doing. You can only -- they can ask you about, like, anything, they can do -- nothing to do with this case, all of these outside things.

Donald Trump: And it was really an unfair trial. There's a very brilliant judge in Florida that's holding the government, it looks like. I mean, she's looking into what happened because, you know, they raided Mar-a-Lago, and they took stuff out by the satchel. I mean, they took bags and bags of stuff. And I said, "What are they taking?

Donald Trump: Are they saying what they're taking?" Because they can add things -- they can add the nuclear codes in there. They say, "Hey, he had the nuclear codes." And this was all stuff that under the Presidential Records Act, I'm allowed to do. By the way, Biden was totally exonerated. Now, I'm not sure I want that kind of an exoneration.

Donald Trump: They basically said he's incompetent to stand trial, but he could be president. Think of that. He's not -- he's not sharp enough. Got no memory, got no this, got no that. He's -- he's incompetent. Basically, they're saying he can't stand trial due to incompetence, but he can run for president. What's going on? What are we missing here?

Phil McGraw: Yeah. It makes everybody uncomfortable about that state of affairs. And what I was concerned about with everything that happened in this New York trial is there -- one of the big myths is that the burden of proof lies with the prosecution. That is the law. But I can tell you, after years and years and years of trial, the truth is that the jury sits there and says, "Hmm, I'm looking at all this, and if we're not down here for the reason they say we're down here, somebody needs to give me an alternative explanation of why we are down here." So, if we're not down here because of what the prosecutors are telling us, then what's the alternative story?

Phil McGraw: What's the alternative explanation? And when you get muzzled in the way that this judge muzzled this case, they're sitting there saying, "What's the rest of the story?" You're not allowed to testify because you're in jeopardy if you do. They let all of this other stuff in that should never get into the jury box.

Phil McGraw: And so, you know, the scales get tipped, and it gets very, very difficult to get even one juror because there's not an alternative story that if you could tell without being in peril, if you can tell without being intimidated, it would be a very different situation. The burden legally is on the prosecution, but logically with the jury.

Donald Trump: You're guilty until proven innocent.

Phil McGraw: That's exactly the truth.

Donald Trump: That's basically what happened. That's -- I can tell you. That's the truth with me. That's what happened.

Phil McGraw: That's how it plays out. And I -- and I did a focus group about this when I did a --a show on this on -- on Merit Street. And I did it -- I had 250 people in, did a focus group. And I said -- and overwhelmingly, the people were in your favor. But I found those that had questions, and I said, "What is your question?" They said, "Where there's smoke, there's fire."

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Phil McGraw: I didn't hear the other part of it.

Donald Trump: I'm sitting here and you've asked me indirectly a couple of questions. They're so simple to answer. I'd love to answer. And yet if I do, this guy is going to -- he's willing to throw you in jail, OK? This is an appointed judge, acting. He's an acting judge, appointed, and he's willing to throw you. And he's so conflicted.

Donald Trump: It's so sad. But, you know, you do things for your country. And I view it -- I think if my country weren't involved because people say -- the two questions -- I get these questions from very tough guys like you, the biggest guys on Wall Street, the -- you know, people that you read about, you know, but they're tough --they're tough men and women.

Donald Trump: But I have the question asked often is number one -- number one question I get, how do you stand it? How do you do it? How do you get up in the morning and put your clothing on and go to work? I do get that because people don't envy it. And the other one I get is, will they do it again? Meaning, will they cheat?

Donald Trump: Will they do it again? Will it happen again?

Phil McGraw: Well, I have a different question than that how question. My question is why? I understand how. I know you got a thick skin. You're not one of those people that's afflicted with the need to be loved by strangers. I get that.

Donald Trump: I think that's true.

Phil McGraw: My question is not how do you do it? My question is why do you do it? Why do you -- let's face it. I mean, you're a billionaire. You got a great family. You're a very dedicated father. People may not see this in you a lot because you keep that kind of private. But my question to you is why do you subject yourself to this?

Donald Trump: So, there's a movement in this country. It's called MAGA. And Biden is always fighting it. We will stop MAGA. MAGA is Make America Great Again. And we were doing -- you know, I had an administration that was a tremendous success, even enemies. I mean, we had the greatest economy in history. We had the best job numbers in history.

Donald Trump: That's why I'm doing so well with the Black and Hispanic vote. They had the best job numbers they've ever had. We were doing things that were incredible. And I was going through Russia, Russia, Russia hoax. I was going through the impeachment stuff. You know, all of that. And, you know, in one way, I jokingly said, somebody said, can you imagine what he could have done?

Donald Trump: Because I had one of the most successful presidencies, and yet I was constantly fighting off the radical left lunatics. They are deranged. They're -- they are. It's like a derangement syndrome. But I actually said, you know, maybe, in some ways, I did better because I showed something. But maybe if I had too much time on my hands, it would have gone too far and the administration wouldn't have been as successful as it was.

Donald Trump: When you look at our job numbers, I rebuilt the military, largest tax cuts ever, largest tax cuts, bigger than the Reagan tax cuts --

Phil McGraw: But higher [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Largest regulation cuts ever.

Phil McGraw: I'm staying with my why question because look at this. Everybody calls it inflation, but affordability. When we talk about gasoline, under your administration, average $2.57 a gallon; under Biden, $3.61, 40% more. Under your administration, homes, average $320,000; under the Biden administration, 31% more, $420,000. Under your administration, interest rates, 3.8% average; under the Biden administration, 39% more at 5.3%. OK? Now, let's look at the border.

Phil McGraw: Under you, average 1.7 million border crossings. Their official number is 6.4 million. That's from Homeland Security. It's actually about 13 million because I know. I've been to the border. I've talked to the border guards down there, Brandon Judd. I've talked to Jaeson Jones. I've talked to the people that actually know the numbers.

Phil McGraw: They say it's between 10 million and 13 million. So, my point is, when you look at the actual numbers, plus the things you just talked about, lower taxes, higher tax revenue, you look at that and you would say, my God, he should be running unopposed. I mean, why --

Donald Trump: And these numbers -- just I appreciate it. But -- and these numbers are really -- I don't know how many --

Phil McGraw: Very conservative.

Donald Trump: As an example, I had gasoline down to $1.87, not $2.57. It's now almost at $4. It's going to be at $5 very shortly. It's going way up.

Phil McGraw: I took very conservative numbers so people couldn't argue with it.

Donald Trump: Well, interest rates, I was at 2.6%. They have 3.8%. And now, they're at 9%, 10%. You can't get money. So, you know, we did a great job. We did a great job.

Phil McGraw: OK. So, here's the question. Most people look at this from a standpoint of they asked themselves the question, is my life better under this administration or is it better under this administration, my quality of life, my ability to pay for my children's lunches, tennis shoes, getting them to the dentist, getting all of the different things that go to quality of life?

Phil McGraw: And when we look at that, it's not even a close call.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Phil McGraw: So, why are people so energized against President Donald J. Trump?

Donald Trump: Well, I think it's -- to a certain extent, it's habit, not necessarily against me. I think Democrats vote out of habit. I'll give you an example. I was the best president for Israel ever. Golan Heights, all of the things I did for Israel. And yet, I get less than 50% of the votes. It's shocking to me. And Biden is a disaster and Obama was a disaster for Israel with the Iran nuclear deal that he approved, all the -- you know, which was basically a path toward nuclear weapons.

Donald Trump: And I say why? And I say it's habit. They're used to voting for Democrats. Black people are used to voting for Democrats, but they're coming off it. They're smart. They're seeing what's happened. They're seeing criminal justice reform. They're seeing the Black colleges and universities, I got it funded. They're seeing all of the things that I've done.

Donald Trump: Nobody could do what I did. I say that, and people sometimes smile, but it's actually true. I'm the best president for Black people since Abraham Lincoln. And people -- Black people are seeing that. And we have numbers now that as a Republican, I don't think anybody's ever had. I hope they come out and vote for me.

Phil McGraw: I was just in Jerusalem and interviewed Prime Minister Netanyahu. He said that the Abraham Accords, which you achieved, he said he didn't have the words to describe what it presented for Israel in terms of security, in terms of the ability to bring about peace and stability to that region.

Donald Trump: That's very nice, by the way, that you say that. And by the way, great for the Arab community also. It was great for both.

Phil McGraw: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And they're working so well. The only problem is we had four countries signed, real leaders. I would have had everybody signed up. I would have had Iran signed up. People laugh when I say that. Iran was broke. I said, "Anybody who buys from Iran, you can't do business with the U.S." Iran was broke. They were down to almost no money.

Donald Trump: They had no money to fund Hamas or Hezbollah. They had no money. They were broke. They would have made a deal within a week after the election. That result was very dangerous for our country. But we did great things, and I think that's what people see. People want to go back to where we were.

Phil McGraw: You had high-level appointee positions that you didn't fill.

Donald Trump: Right.

Phil McGraw: And -- and thousands more mid-level positions that you didn't fill and generated over $4 trillion in tax revenue for the first time ever.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Phil McGraw: With tax cuts, lower tax rates, higher tax revenues.

Donald Trump: It brought business into the country.

Phil McGraw: So, why are people so energized against you? Are you getting out message?

Donald Trump: I think no. I really believe it's 100 years. As an example, with African Americans, for 100 years, the Democrats have run the cities, 100 years. I used to say 50. They said, "You're wrong." I said, "You have to be kidding." It's 100 years. It's a habit. They get used to it. But they're learning that habits being broken in a lot of different ways.

Donald Trump: I also think you have fake news that doesn't report it the way they should be reporting it. Look, the news has been proven to be totally fake and it's 95% on the other side. That's the thing I don't understand. Why would they -- why do people want open borders where millions of people have come into our country and you see what's happening to the crime rate?

Donald Trump: You know, a stat came out the other day that's scary. In Venezuela, Caracas, different cities, they've moved many of these criminals out into the United States and now happily in a location near you, right near your house.

Phil McGraw: Yeah. That's why the Congo, they're empty in their prisons.

Donald Trump: The Congo, we have many, many people coming out of the prisons of the Congo. But the prison populations are way down all over the world. Nobody wants to talk about it. Prison population and mental institutions, something you deal with a lot. You know more about a mental institution than I do. That's your world.

Donald Trump: That's what you do better than anybody, as far as I'm concerned. Do you know the population of mental institutions is way down because they've moved a lot of the most seriously ill people into our country? And Venezuela just announced that they're 72% down in crime from two years ago. Think of that. Because they moved their -- I mean, you don't have to be a genius to realize.

Donald Trump: They moved their -- their prisoners out, but they moved their gangs. All the gang members are now in the United States, happily living in the United States. The United States of America has become a dumping ground because of a very mentally deficient president. And it's not him. I don't believe it's him.

Donald Trump: I do think he knows what's going on. I think he's sort of an evil guy. But he's not at the top of his game, and he never was very good at it. If you look at his foreign policy for years and years and years, you look at how bad he was on the crime bill in the 1990s, how he's been bad at everything and he got lucky.

Donald Trump: Look, he ran three or four times when he would be, let's say, in normal shape, in good shape, he failed. He got it when he shouldn't be here -- he shouldn't be here. And he's dealing with President Xi, who I know very well, and he's dealing with Putin, who I know very well, and he's dealing with all of these leaders of these countries that doesn't -- they don't like the United States, they don't like what it represents, and they are at the top of their game.

Donald Trump: They are vicious. They love their country or they want success. You know, you define it any way you want. We've become a failing nation. We're a nation that's in tremendous trouble. We have months to go, you know, where we have somebody negotiating for us and dealing for us who is not up to par. He's not -- and I'm not even saying now.

Donald Trump: I think, 25 years ago, he wasn't up to par. But he's dealing with President Xi of China. He's dealing with President Putin of Russia. He's dealing with Kim Jong Un of North Korea. He's dealing with very tough people that really are at the top of their game. I know them all. I know many more than that. And our country is in tremendous danger of World War III. Our country is -- you look at what's going on with Ukraine now.

Donald Trump: You see what's going -- what's happening, where they're talking about nuclear. They're bringing out the N-word, as I say. And they're talking about nuclear weapons, and they're talking about things that were never -- in my White House, nobody ever uttered the word nuclear. Nuclear is a very bad word because of the power of weaponry.

Donald Trump: And we have a man that should not be dealing, and we're going to end up in a nuclear war, we're going to end up in World War III with this guy. And if he -- the five months is a long time. We have five months to go before the election. Now, it's even a little bit less. It's getting to be -- it's getting to be very close.

Donald Trump: Remember, you have early voting on September 22nd.

Phil McGraw: Yeah.

Donald Trump: You know, Pennsylvania goes on September 22nd. So, it's really less -- quite a bit less. But I really believe it's a very dangerous time because I think they -- they're making moves. They love him as our president. They don't respect him. They think he's weak and incompetent. Now, one thing I'll say, he's surrounded by a lot of fascists and communists, but a lot of fascists, and they're young and they're smart, and that's who's running our country.

Phil McGraw: Well, let me ask you something then. Let's -- let's assume that you inherit a situation where American bombs are being used inside of Russia. Let's assume that you inherit that. We could wind up with World War III if we're not there already and it just hasn't been labeled yet.

Donald Trump: We've never been so close to World War III as we are right now.

Phil McGraw: Right. There could be 100,000 or more potential terrorists on American soil right now, today, given what's happened at the southern border.

Donald Trump: Correct.

Phil McGraw: And we do have Venezuela, Congo, others that are emptying their prisons of their most dangerous criminals, with one caveat, we'll let you out, but you go to the United States.

Donald Trump: I believe every country is doing it.

Phil McGraw: And --

Donald Trump: By the way, if you were the head of a country, you'd be the first one to do it. I know you. You'd say what? Let's get rid of these. You know, the money they save and the danger they save.

Phil McGraw: And look at this map that -- I did a show about this. The red is where the Chinese government has funded buying major farmland.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Phil McGraw: And then superimposed on that are some of our most strategic military bases. And you can see, there's --

Donald Trump: Surrounding.

Phil McGraw: There's Dugway Proving Ground. That's military equipment, biological, chemical weapons. They're surrounding it. Utah Test and Training Range, the largest supersonic authorized restricted airspace in the United States. Whiteman Air Force Base: B-2 Spirit Stealth Bomber base, missile and drone operations, MQ-9 Reaper, Global Strike Command 3, Air Force entire bomber force, nuclear command, control, and communications.

Phil McGraw: Fort Liberty: airborne and special operations forces, rapid deployment. We've allowed them to come in and buy up agricultural land, wind farms, no wind, no blades on some of the towers, but they're surrounding our -- our military bases. We've allowed that to take place. You may come in and inherit all of this, and it may get worse over the next five months.

Donald Trump: It will.

Phil McGraw: What are you going to do about that?

Donald Trump: Well, first of all, you mentioned a thing. Fort Liberty. It used to be Fort Bragg. We won world wars from Fort Bragg.

Phil McGraw: Yes.

Donald Trump: And they changed the name. And I don't even want to say that they spent $37 million in doing it because that's not the most important thing, but that's a lot of money. You know this.

Phil McGraw: It's pretty disgusting.

Donald Trump: Now, I will say this. We want to let people come in and invest in our country at the same time.

Phil McGraw: Of course.

Donald Trump: We want them to come and invest. We don't want to make it so impossible. We have to be careful. And this is a lot of land. What disturbs me as much because we don't want to, you know, say we're not going to let anyone come in and invest. That would be a bad thing. You know, when the -- when I --

Phil McGraw: But they don't need to buy around our --

Donald Trump: No, they seem to be -- there seems to be a lot of activity around those nuclear sites, to put it mildly. But the thing when you mention -- when you mention Fort Liberty, I remember that battle. As soon as I got out, they changed it, but they changed many names, almost all of them. They changed the names of these forts where we won two world wars and plenty of other things.

Donald Trump: And, you know, there's a great anger about that.

Phil McGraw: Well, as you know, they call it presenteeism. What they do is they take today's cultural standards and apply it to people's conduct 100 years ago, as though a hundred years ago, they were supposed to predict what the standards were going to be 100 years in the future and behave the way things were going to be 100 years in the future.

Phil McGraw: You can't do that. It's like you drive through a neighborhood when the speed limit is 20, then they come and change it to 10 and say, "I'm going to give you a retroactive ticket." And that's what they're doing. They're holding these people to the standards of today's mores and folkways based on how they behaved back and in that time.

Phil McGraw: It's called presentism. And -- and so, they say, "Oh, no, we've got to take these statues down. We've got to change these names because they were behaving in ways that we wouldn't accept today." Well, but it was accepted back then. I'm not saying it's our brightest hour. I'm not saying it's our most shining time.

Phil McGraw: But these people also did great things, along with things that we may not be proud of today, but that's who they were at the time.

Donald Trump: It is never -- if you know these people, because it's a group of people, and they don't represent the big majority, OK? They don't represent --

Phil McGraw: No.

Donald Trump: But it's never good enough. No matter what you do --

Phil McGraw: No, I call it tyranny of the fringe.

Donald Trump: Yeah. It's never good enough. You could do all the name changes. All of a sudden, they'll find that's a problem. So, in different parts of our country --

Phil McGraw: If you inherit this -- if you inherit this, if you inherit bombs in Russia and you have to deal with Putin, if you inherit terrorists on our soil that could attack our energy grid, how do you deal with that?

Donald Trump: I will deal with it, and I'll get the war in Ukraine settled and done by the time I get to office. As president-elect, I will get it done. As president-elect, you have great power. I was able to do great deals from the time I got elected in 2016. I was able to do great deals from the time I got elected to the time I got to office, in that little -- because you have great power there.

Donald Trump: You need the power of the presidency to do it. I'm going to get the war in Ukraine if it's not done by that time. Now, it looks like it's getting worse. They're taking weapons now where they can shoot deep into Russia. Where is this going? Here's the problem with Ukraine, which is right next to -- you know, we have an ocean in between.

Donald Trump: They're in for a tiny fraction of what we're in for. And I know them very well because I did it with NATO. I said, "You people are delinquent." We're paying almost the entire cost of NATO. So, they -- excuse the word, they screw us on trade. And then on top of that, we're supposed to defend them. And they said, "It doesn't work that way." But I didn't want to do that in my first.

Donald Trump: I let them know in my first. When I came back -- I didn't want to do it. I was in office for like two weeks and then I'm saying -- but I said, "You're not paying your way." And I went back the second time and I said, "You have to pay." Hundreds of billions of dollars was paid. They asked me one question, "Will you defend us against Russia if we haven't paid?" I said, "Absolutely not." As soon as I said that -- oh, and I took a lot of heat from the fake news.

Donald Trump: The fake news went crazy when I said that because I said I won't defend them. Now, you have the same thing. They paid hundreds of billions of dollars quickly, and that's where it got all the money to do what they're doing now. But remember this. So, we are -- we're probably in for $250 billion. You know, you hear -- they just -- they just got 62 billion.

Donald Trump: And now, I heard today that they need more money. It's going to never end. Now, you have some people that say it's not a war that should have ever been started. It would have never started if I was president. Putin would have never done it. First of all, energy went up so much that he makes money on it. You know, when you get up to $100 a barrel.

Donald Trump: I had it at $40 a barrel, Phil. It's so different. But it would have never happened. But now, it has happened. You know, I -- sometimes, I hate to say almost that it would -- it would never have happened, and Israel would have never happened. The attack on October 7th would have never happened because Iran was broke and Iran wasn't funding Hamas and they weren't funding any of the terrorists, Hezbollah, all of them.

Donald Trump: There's like 28 of them. They had no money. They were broke. I said to China, "If you buy oil from Iran, you can't do business in the United States." They didn't want to take any chance on that. Everybody stopped. And we had -- you know, we had no terrorist attacks. And I never wanted to talk about it when I was president because I didn't want to jinx it. I wanted to get up and say, "We have had no terrorists --" Think of it. During my four years, we had no terrorist attacks.

Donald Trump: This nation is in such danger right now with the people that you're just talking about coming in. And it was interesting because I saw 29,000 Chinese people and they showed it on camera. They look very strong. They all have their propane stoves. They all have cell phones. They all -- they look like military people.

Phil McGraw: A lot of military-aged men have come in.

Donald Trump: Yeah, they're mostly men and they're mostly of a perfect age for military. And it's almost like what are they doing, building a military organization within our country with our help? We have people running our country who are grossly incompetent, headed up by a president that should never be there.

Phil McGraw: How do you unravel that?

Donald Trump: Well, you have to do it with people and we'll do it. I look, I have the same thoughts as you do. You know, a lot of common sense to this stuff. It's not -- you know, we talked about it before. Conservative, liberal, I don't care. It's common sense. We need borders. We need low taxes. We need good education.

Donald Trump: We need a strong military. I rebuilt the entire military. The entire military was rebuilt. I built a wall that was so great. And I got -- I got Mexico to give us 28,000 soldiers while I was building the wall to keep people out. We didn't have what you have today. We had the lowest day -- the week that I left office, and it was a sad day for this country.

Donald Trump: The week that I left office, that's when we had our lowest illegal flow of immigrants coming into our country, and all Biden had to do was leave it in place. I had a thing called Remain in Mexico. They had to remain in Mexico. How good is that? They had catch and release in Mexico. It was so stupidly run.

Donald Trump: And all Biden had to do when he goes to the beach -- you know he's always on the beach, right? He thinks it looks good in the bathing suit. Some adviser said, "Go to the beach, you look great, Joe." And he can't even lift the chair, which weighs about six ounces. You know, those chairs that you can lift that they're meant for children and old people to lift.

Donald Trump: So, Joe is in the sand and he's in the beach, and he's totally decimating everything that we built. We built the strongest border in the history of our country, and we're going to do it again. Just one little thing. In 2016, I got elected maybe because of the border, but that border was a fraction. It was nothing compared to what the border is today.

Donald Trump: And I fixed it. And, you know, in 2020, when I ran, I couldn't even talk about it. Nobody wanted to hear about the border because I fixed it. I'll fix it again. But the border today is -- is many, many times worse than it was in 2016.

Phil McGraw: Well, I've been to the border, and they -- they just straight up say we're using tax dollars to send some of these children that are coming across the border into known prostitution rings, into sweatshops because we don't have the ability to check. They're just sending them off.

Donald Trump: You know, we have 88,000 missing children now. Now, can you imagine if that were Trump that had 88,000 missing children? Eighty-eight thousand, that's a Holocaust. That's as bad as -- I mean, think of it. These are young -- very young children and also women. The -- they take women and they trade women. And I had it brought down to the lowest level because I had a border that was actually strong.

Phil McGraw: And you're going to take it back to that.

Donald Trump: Oh, we're going to bring it back and I think then some. You know, one thing and you know this better than anybody that you got to know people. It's about people. If you put a great person at the head of a big agency, lots of good things happen. In my -- my business, if I have a good super in real estate, superintendent, running one of my buildings, and if I move them to another building, sometimes, you move them to another building because -- but then that building -- you need good people.

Donald Trump: And we had a lot of great people. I had some that I was very disappointed in. There was some that I was very, very disappointed in. But the one thing is that I was in Washington 17 times in my entire life. I never stayed over. That was reported by the news. I was very rarely there. I wasn't a Washington.

Donald Trump: I was a New York person. I was a builder in New York, a real estate guy. I had a wonderful company. Everything was going good. It would have been so easy to just keep doing that. It was probably one of the -- the -- one of the most successful days of my life was the day before I announced I was running for president.

Donald Trump: Once you do this, the whole world changes. I even lost Oprah, OK? Oprah liked me so much. And, you know, I haven't spoken to her, I think, since. But -- but she's a good person. Please give her my regards. But, you know, you do things, and my attitude is you have to do what's right. If I didn't think that I won the election by a lot, I would have never run.

Donald Trump: And I don't think I've ever said this on air before. Maybe I have. But losing the election wouldn't have been that -- you know, somebody wins, somebody loses. You go on with your life. But when you lose an election that you know you won by millions of votes, millions of votes, if I didn't think I won the election, I would have never done it a second because I would have lost.

Donald Trump: In other words, I would have lost. I ran because I won the election, and I know that that's what the people want. They want what you and I are talking about right now. They want strong borders and they want good education. They want all these things that we talked about, and we're going to get it to them, and we're going to get it fast.

Donald Trump: Probably, the hardest problem -- the biggest problem is nuclear and the weaponry and we have to keep out of wars and all of that. But the hardest problem for our country is the millions and millions of people that have been brought into this country, that have been dropped here. Many of them should not be here.

Donald Trump: They're really, really bad people from the jails, from the places. And you know what's going to happen? You'll take 10 out and you'll have one where it's a woman with a couple of kids, and you're going to have the news. So, look at this. How horrible, how horrible. It's a very hard thing to do. But we have to have the largest deportation effort in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: Dwight Eisenhower had it very early on because he was one that wanted strong borders [Inaudible]

Phil McGraw: But you're not against immigration?

Donald Trump: No, I'm totally for it, but --

Phil McGraw: We need it.

Donald Trump: It's -- I think we need it desperately. But I don't want their prisoners and I don't want their people from mental institutions, and I want people to come in legally. I want to let people come in. We need it. We do need it. We need people, but we need good people. We need people that aren't going to blow up our shopping centers and kill people.

Phil McGraw: Let me ask you, two areas I want to talk to you about that's going to be different because I'm different. So, let me be different. You have a personality-driven platform, just like I do. Mine's a fraction of yours. You've taken every shot you can imagine. You've been criticized, attacked, called every name in the book.

Phil McGraw: They've turned the judicial system against you. The Intelligence Community, 51 intelligence officers swear that this is a Russian plant, this -- this laptop over here, right before the election. The media has turned against you: print, TV, radio, internet, in the streets. Not campaigning Donald Trump, just real Donald Trump, how do you deal with that stress in your most private moments?

Donald Trump: So, two things. Number one, I don't like thinking about it. Out of sight, out of mind. I don't know if that makes sense to you. I don't want to think about it. Number two, I have tremendous support. I have the people's support. I think if I didn't, I wouldn't be able to handle it so easily. When a judge who has conflicts like nobody's ever had wants to put me in jail, when he puts a gag order and say, "If you talk about these things, we're going to put you in jail." And I'm the Republican candidate, I was president, I'm leading the Democrat by a lot.

Donald Trump: He wants to put me in jail. I like not to think about it. It's like they say, "Oh, don't eat that food. Don't eat this food. Don't do this. Don't do that." They don't really know. It might be good for you. It might not be bad. It might be good. They say it causes cancer. I say don't talk to me about it. I don't want to hear the word.

Donald Trump: I don't want to -- it's out of sight, out of mind. I think I have a very good disposition for -- for trauma. But I have great support, Phil. The one thing is -- because you mentioned lots of groups and you're right about that. But I also have great support within the media. You know, there's a group of people in the media.

Donald Trump: You might be one of them. You're a very important force. The fact is, I've watched you so long, I just felt so confident when you called. I said, you know, "Otherwise, why do I have to subject myself to it for? It doesn't make sense." But I find it to be a very different and very interesting -- it's a psychological interview that you're doing, too.

Donald Trump: You're sort of being my psychiatrist, and maybe I could use a psychiatrist.

Phil McGraw: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: No, it's pretty cool. But -- but I try not to think about it. I try not to go into that. And very importantly, I have tremendous support. I have support from the people. You look at the polls, and they agree with me. There's sort of a silent majority. You know, it's a term that's been used over the years, but it's a true term.

Donald Trump: I have the support of many more people than they have if we call they the bad guys. And I think if I didn't or if I felt I didn't, I would not be quite the same person.

Phil McGraw: You know, we all have a personal truth. You know, it's that what we believe about ourselves when we don't have our mask on, when we don't -- you know, I put on a nice suit. You know, I'm going to see the president. Here I'm --

Donald Trump: Nice suit.

Phil McGraw: I want to be credible.

Donald Trump: Looks good.

Phil McGraw: And we -- you know, we put our best foot forward when we step out into the world. But we do have a personal truth that what we believe about ourselves at our most vulnerable, when nobody's looking, nobody's listening. Maybe it's 3 o'clock in the morning. We wake up looking at the ceiling, thinking what the hell am I doing?

Phil McGraw: What do you say to yourselves when the crowds aren't cheering, when you're home alone, you're -- you know, you're riding in the car, you're -- you're by yourself? What is the hardest, darkest moment that you can think of in this journey you've been on over the last several years?

Donald Trump: You have to be very strong. You're fighting off very evil forces, and they're very smart forces. There are people that control Biden. Totally true. I think I know who they are, largely, but there are people that control him. They're very smart, very energetic. Possibly they're real believers, you know, what their sick ideology is. But you have to be smart and you have to have confidence.

Donald Trump: I mean, you have to have a certain confidence. The other thing is, I realize, over the years, you know, I've been through a lot, great and bad. You know, I won the presidency. Everybody said, "How are you going to do -- how good is that?" It was the most incredible evening that -- one of the most incredible evenings in the history of the country.

Donald Trump: Look at the celebration. I mean, it was incredible. But you also go through bad. I also -- I understand fully that the bad also disappears. In other words, you'll go through bad moments and it disappears. Sort of funny because I've watched your show a lot over the years. See, I'm not ashamed to say it because some people say, "Oh, you watch Dr. Phil?" Well, you know, your show is a very smart show.

Donald Trump: And I've watched you ask a question similar to that to some couple or some -- and they break down. Oh, they start crying on the show. I said that's never happening to me. If that happens to me, that's the end of my political career. I think people -- actually, maybe people would like me better, but -- but I'll tell you what, you need strength.

Donald Trump: You have to have strength. And people don't want to see that. I've watched so many people. You break down people, they don't even know they're being broken down. But it's -- it's different.

Phil McGraw: Well, that's the last thing I want to do with you. But I do want people to know you. I want people to know every aspect of you. And I know it about myself. I know that not every time is a great day. Not every time is a hard day.

Donald Trump: I tell you led a charmed life. You never had a problem in your life, right?

Phil McGraw: Yeah. I watched you during that trial. That's not a fun time.

Donald Trump: You know, it was an icebox. That courtroom was so cold.

Phil McGraw: Really?

Donald Trump: And I believe it was set that way by the judge. That courtroom was freezing. You know, I'd call it the icebox, right? I'd say I just sat through four hours, and I'm not campaigning by doing that. That's what angered me. They're taking away my voice. They're keeping me in this icebox, and they're taking away my voice.

Donald Trump: But, you know, one thing that's -- you bring it up and you haven't asked me the question yet and I'm sure you will, although I know we've been doing this for quite a while, and it's an honor to do it. But the hardest part for me is probably my family because it's very unfair to my family. I have a very good wife.

Donald Trump: She reads this -- this crap. I have great kids. You know what amaze me? I gave up my salary. I didn't take my salary, and it's 450,000 -- approximately $450,000 a year. So, you know, it's still money. It's a couple of million bucks I didn't -- I never had a story -- a good story saying I didn't. I'm not looking for a story.

Donald Trump: What surprised me is there was a couple of stories. Who else did it? Nobody. Everybody took. I figured maybe Kennedy. It's a pretty rich family. I figured -- the only one that may have done it was George Washington. You know, George Washington was a very wealthy landowner. And they said the only one that may have done is George Washington.

Donald Trump: I figured Roosevelt, maybe FDR. You know, there were some pretty rich presidents. Every president took their salary. Bushes took their salary. I didn't take my salary. I gave it up. And every month, I'd get a call from the fake news. Because, you know, you can't really give it up. You have to give it to a -- an organization within government.

Donald Trump: You're not allowed to actually give it. So, what happens? You get the check and then you give it to Health and Human Services, or you give it to the Navy, or you give it to the Army or something. And every month they say, "Did he give it? Did he give it?" And when you show them that you gave it, there was no story.

Donald Trump: It was just interesting to see. The whole system is rigged. I mean, it's just a nasty system. But the saddest is I'll give you one quick example. I have a son, Don. He's a good kid and he wants to help people. And they said he was involved with Russia. He knows less about Russia than that young person sitting right over there who I'm sure knows nothing about Russia.

Donald Trump: And it was Adam Schiff, Adam Shifty Schiff, a bad guy, and he comes out of a so-called intelligence meeting and he goes to a microphone and there's a lot of press gathered because this was during the Russia, Russia, Russia hoax, a total hoax. It had nothing to do. Five million phone calls, I had not one phone call to Russia.

Donald Trump: It was a hoax. And it came out that way. And it's nice, but it took two and a half years. And by the way, it was very dangerous because at least Putin understood it was a hoax. You know, he used to say, what's -- he thought we were crazy, to be honest with you. He thought we were crazy. But, Don -- so, let's say Adam Schiff comes out and says, "Donald Trump Jr. will go to jail because of what he's done with Russia." And it was Adam Schiff and Hillary Clinton and some others in the DNC that they made up a story.

Donald Trump: Think of how bad you have to be. You make up a phony story about Russia, Russia, Russia, the Russia hoax. You have the dossier, you have the whole thing. It's all fake. They paid $12 million or something for the dossier, 12 million. They gave this guy Steele a fortune to do a fake story. It's called the fake dossier, right?

Donald Trump: They go to my son. They know it's fake. It's not like they're trying to -- they think it's real. They know it's a fake because they made it up. And they say Donald Trump Jr. will go to jail. So, I call up my son. I said, "Are you OK? Is there something I don't know?" How bad do you have to be when you can say about a story that you made up that you know is fake that my son is going to go to jail because of this story?

Phil McGraw: How do you deal with that as a father?

Donald Trump: It's tough.

Phil McGraw: Because I've had it happen to me. You've met Jordan.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Phil McGraw: And my other son, Jay. I've had stories about them, and it infuriates me.

Donald Trump: It's -- I mean, I called him, I called him up. I knew it wasn't true, but I said -- this guy -- these are not stupid people. I call him Watermelon Head. He's got the thinnest neck I've ever seen. How it holds up that head? He's got a neck that's about a size six. Very unattractive guy, both inside and outside.

Donald Trump: And people say, "Oh, that's such a terrible thing to say." It's OK. Very unattractive guy. But here's the thing. He's -- these are bad people and it's not easy to deal with. You know, when you have your kids involved or your family, your wife, and you read stuff and most of it is untrue, it's just totally untrue.

Donald Trump: But think of that. They make up a story, and then they say your son's going to jail for something that they know is false. These are bad people.

Phil McGraw: Is that harder to take than when they're talking about you?

Donald Trump: Yeah, for me, it is. For me, I become -- I don't know, I become different. Maybe it would have been tougher. I think the fact that I have such unbelievable support helps me a lot. It doesn't bother me.

Phil McGraw: Does it bother you -- has there been blowback on Barron because he's younger and more vulnerable?

Donald Trump: Yeah. It's not easy. And he's a great kid. He's a good student. He's, you know, got accepted to different colleges. He's got his -- some of those colleges, all of a sudden, they're riding all over the place. You know, you're saying -- but he's a good boy. He's a tall boy. He's very tall. He's a very tall, and he's a great kid.

Donald Trump: He's a good-looking kid. And, you know, he's going to be going to college. But he doesn't say it and I think he doesn't say because he doesn't want to hurt me. You know, he thinks it's a possibly a hurtful conversation. But it has to affect my family. And I think that's really unfair because I have a very good family.

Donald Trump: I have good kids. I have a wonderful wife. I mean, it's not easy for her to read this kind of stuff that's fake, that's -- that's fake stuff. And -- but that's the way it is. It certainly is not a good thing. And it -- yeah, it affects me more than it would if it were just about me. I wish it could be just about me.

Phil McGraw: How's she holding up through all of this?

Donald Trump: I think good, but I don't think it's an easy thing for her. And I think if it wasn't good, she wouldn't want to tell me about it, to be honest with you, because, you know, she sees that I'm fighting like hell. I'm trying to become president and make America great again. That's what we're going to do. We're going to make America great again.

Donald Trump: They put tremendous obstacles in our way, including the 20 million people that are going to be in here by the time this guy gets out. It's an election we have to win. We're not going to have a country left if we don't win this election.

Phil McGraw: Have you ever thought that the toll that it takes on your family is too much? Have you ever thought that the toll that it takes on your family is too much?

Donald Trump: Maybe not in the way you express that. It's a very interesting way of expression, actually, of that -- of that question. I haven't really. I think -- to a certain extent, I think that my family wants me to do it. Our country is in trouble. We could be in a world war very soon. We could be -- we're going to end the problem.

Donald Trump: Think of it. We're going to end Ukraine fast. I'm going to end it fast. I know both. I know Zelenskyy, I know Putin very well. I'm going to get it ended. That is a horror show that's going on over there. But think of it. Why are we hundreds of billions of dollars more money? Why is this happening? Why is Europe spending a fraction of the money that we're spending?

Donald Trump: There are so many different things about that that are just wrong. But my family is good. My family loves this country, and I think they feel that I do a good job. Look, we had the most successful country we've ever had during my time. We had the greatest economy in the history of any country.

Phil McGraw: Do they want you to run or do they tolerate you running?

Donald Trump: Interesting question. Well, they tolerate it, but --

Phil McGraw: They at least tolerate it.

Donald Trump: Yeah, they tolerate it. I think they love the country. I think they think that I do a good job. I think they feel that some -- a lot of people say that this is -- no, but I get it so often and, you know, I'm not sure it's right. They say there's nobody else that can straighten out this country. And again, Viktor Orban said just recently -- he's a strong man from a very interesting country.

Donald Trump: And he knows Russia very well. He knows -- he knows Zelenskyy very well. He knows Ukraine. But he said the only one -- Hungary. He said, "The only one that's going to straighten this out is Trump." Because -- he didn't use the word respect, he used the word they were afraid of him. I don't want to say that about these people, these other leaders.

Donald Trump: I don't want to say they're afraid. I'm not going to use that term. But let's use the word respect. They respected me. They respected me, and they respected our country. And they knew if they played games, I was going to hit the hell out of them with tariffs and lots of other things. We have a lot of weapons, not just military weapons.

Donald Trump: I rebuilt our entire military, by the way. Our entire military is rebuilt. And this person that we have leading us, if you can call the word leading with quotes, he gave away $85 billion worth of brand-new military equipment in Afghanistan. In my opinion, the lowest day in the history of our country. I think probably the -- the most embarrassing moment in the history of our country was what happened, the way we pulled out of Afghanistan.

Donald Trump: We left people behind. We had 13 soldiers who I met the parents. They're devastated. Killed. Nobody ever talks about -- you would talk about them. I put them right up the top, 38 soldiers who are no arms, no legs, faces just wiped out. They're trying to live. You know, trying to live. Nobody ever talks about them.

Donald Trump: They talk about 13 dead. Absolutely. But they don't talk about 38 soldiers that have been wiped out. And then hundreds of people were also killed. You know, hundreds of people where this madman set off a bomb. Should have never left him. They should have been in Bagram. We should have kept Bagram. Bagram is one hour away from where China makes its nuclear weapons.

Donald Trump: We gave it up. You know who's occupying Bagram right now? China. China. We gave the biggest air force base, one of the biggest runways, one of the most powerful runways, eight foot thick of concrete, built when the dollar was very big, OK, years ago. We gave it to the Chinese. It should have never happened.

Donald Trump: What we've done -- I think that was the most embarrassing day. And I have to tell you, if that didn't happen, I don't know that Putin would have gone in. I think Putin watched that catastrophe and he said, "Hey, this is a great time to attack Ukraine."

Phil McGraw: Do you think it emboldened him?

Donald Trump: I think so, yeah, I think so.

Phil McGraw: Let me ask you this, right now, headlines everywhere, of course, you don't respect, but there are headlines out there that say when you win your second term, that you are going to make the people that have come after you pay, retribution and revenge.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Phil McGraw: And let me ask you this before you even respond to that. I want to play what-if with you for a minute. What if when you win this election, you said, "Enough is enough. Too much is too much. This is a race to the bottom, and it stops here, it stops now." They've made half a dozen or more major attempts to take you off the playing board, and you just said, "It stops now.

Phil McGraw: I am going to rise above this cycle of ugly. I'm not going to play this gotcha retribution game. It stops now. I'll forgive. I'll not ever forget, but I am not going to play this retribution game. I am going to put the American people first, not getting my pound of flesh first. You got to do what you got to do, but I'm going to put this country as the shining city on the hill.

Phil McGraw: I am moving forward. I'm not playing the retribution game. It stops with me, and it stops here." What if you took that approach?

Donald Trump: I'm OK with that. I am. I'm OK with that. Sometimes, I'm sure, in certain moments, I wouldn't be. You know, when you go through what I've been through, they spied on my campaign. You know, they spied on my campaign. Remember, I announced it. They did things that people don't even talk about. And I got rid of Comey, and I got rid of a lot of people.

Donald Trump: I got rid of a lot of people, thousands of people at the VA. I got -- I cleaned it, 9,000 people. They were sadists. I got rid of them. But what they've done is bad. With all of that being said, we have to unite the country, Phil. The country has to be united. This country is a mess.

Phil McGraw: Every situation needs a hero. What a great opportunity for you to stop this cycle, this vicious cycle of gotcha, gotcha back, gotcha, gotcha back. Every situation needs a hero. What a great opportunity to step up and say, "You know what? It stops here. It stops with me."

Donald Trump: I think you'll be impressed. We have to unite the country. We have to save the country. That's not really saving the country. There are people that did some bad things. I know who they are and all of that. But as an example, with Hillary Clinton, I'd say -- I'd mention her name. Everyone's screaming, thousands and thousands.

Donald Trump: You know I've had -- we just had 107,000 people show up in -- in New Jersey. You saw that. Twenty-five thousand people showed up in the South Bronx.

Phil McGraw: In the South Bronx.

Donald Trump: We had Wildwood, New Jersey, 107,000 people. It's a record. They've never had that. When I mentioned the name Hillary in the previous to the last election, they said, lock her up, lock her up, lock her up. But I would be there and I'd try to almost quiet them down. They were going crazy. How would it be if I win and I lock Hillary Clinton up? The president's wife, the former president's wife, I locked her up. And how would it be if I took the secretary of state, she was secretary of state, and we threw her into a prison someplace?

Donald Trump: I think it was terrible. And yet, now, they're trying to do that with me. Think of it. I didn't want to do that. I could have done that pretty easily. She busted up her phones and she busted up her -- her laptops and what they did, and they put BleachBit. You know what BleachBit is? It's so expensive. Nobody uses it because it's an acid and it wipes everything out.

Donald Trump: I could have done it real easy. Don't forget, she disobeyed a subpoena from the United States Congress, and she broke up all this machinery, all this technology after she got the subpoena. Think of it. How would it look if I took the -- a president of the United States' wife and threw her into a prison? I -- I hated it because I wanted to bring the country together, and I largely did.

Donald Trump: And I brought it together through success because it was the most successful economy in the history of our country. OK. Now, the difference is they're trying to do it to me. And maybe you could feel differently about it, but I don't feel differently. Retribution is going to be through success. We're going to make it very successful.

Donald Trump: We have to bring the country together.

Phil McGraw: And you can do that, you know, because let me tell you, this revenge thing is -- there's a lot of research and Dr. James Kimmel at Yale has done this research and -- and seeing neurologically in the brain that there's an addiction to revenge, just like to opioid or whatever, and that even if people commit a crime and they get arrested for it, they see themselves as the victim and they want revenge against the person that arrested them.

Phil McGraw: And then the person that arrested them gets hammered. So now, that person says, "OK, well, I'm not going to put up with that." So, they go back after the criminal. Now, the criminal has been victimized again. And so, we get into this loop where we're --

Donald Trump: It keeps going.

Phil McGraw: Addicted to it back and forth. It's got to stop. And you're -- we're better than this. We must be better than this. And you're big enough to do it. Every situation needs a hero. You can stop this. You can say --

Donald Trump: Well, I think it --

Phil McGraw: It ends here. It ends with me.

Donald Trump: I think you'll be proud of the job we do. And, you know, the word revenge is a very strong word, but maybe we have revenge through success. But that's what I'd like to see. I want to see the country survive because this country is not going to survive like this. And really, you know, the expression, I think it's a great -- greatest theme ever in politics maybe because it's the biggest movement.

Donald Trump: We want to make America great again, and that's what we have to do. And I think you'd be very proud of the job we did.

Phil McGraw: You know, the Pope has a book out that he's written, and he says, "We are all brothers and sisters, and there must be no resentment among us. For any war to truly end, forgiveness is necessary. Otherwise, what will follow is not justice, but revenge." And that's true even in the cultural wars that we're fighting here.

Phil McGraw: I think you have so much to do, you don't have time to get even. You only have time to get it right.

Donald Trump: Well, revenge does take time. I will say that.

Phil McGraw: It does.

Donald Trump: And sometimes, revenge can be justified, Phil. I have to be honest.

Phil McGraw: No.

Donald Trump: Sometimes, it can.

Phil McGraw: But is the country better or worse for them going after you?

Donald Trump: I think the country is really worse for what they've done, and I think you see that. When you look at the poll numbers, when you see that almost $400 million has poured in since this horrible decision was made, that was a few days ago. Numbers that nobody's ever heard of in politics before. It's a great honor.

Donald Trump: The people of our country get it. You know, they're very smart. Taken as a whole, I have to say, they're very smart. But it's been an honor being with you. It really has. And I think you'd be very proud of the job we did.

Phil McGraw: You have rallied people. I had people in my focus group the other night that said, "I have not voted for Trump before, I have not been a Trump fan before, but I have donated to Trump because he has inspired me. I have donated to him, and I am voting for him now, and I have not before, but he has inspired me."

Donald Trump: Actually, it's been a beautiful thing to watch. Thank you.

Phil McGraw: Mr. President, it's been an honor speaking with you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Phil McGraw: Thank you so much.

Donald Trump: Thank you. That may have been the longest interview I've ever done. And you think Biden could do that interview? I don't think so. After about two questions, I think that would be the end of it. Anyway, this was -- it's crazy. It's crazy. He wouldn't -- he wouldn't do it. We covered a lot of territory, right?

Phil McGraw: Do you think he's going to run?

Donald Trump: I have said no for a year. He said something yesterday that was very interesting. He should not be president and it matters -- it doesn't matter who runs against him. When he said that, I said, "Oh." You know that, right? Did you hear that statement?

Phil McGraw: I did.

Donald Trump: He said it doesn't matter who runs against him. With all that being said, people say, yes, he's going to just run.

Phil McGraw: I guess so. Are -- are you going to tell me who your vice presidential choice is?

Donald Trump: I can't yet, but -- but we have some very good people. I'm going to do it in the convention. Come up during the convention. We'll do an interview. OK?

Phil McGraw: I will.

Donald Trump: This was an honor to be. Thank you, man.

Phil McGraw: All right.