Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-marilys-llanos-telemundo-51-new-york-may-9-2024

Note: [Note: Questions were read in Spanish and were translated for Donald Trump, who responded in English. Spanish is via our AI Transcription, as is the translation. Only Trump's responses have been proofread.]

Marilys Llanos: [AI Spanish Transcription] Su familia. Señor Presidente usted siempre ha dicho que su familia para usted es lo más importante, que usted es muy cercano a su familia, que ha recibido el apoyo de ellos durante todo este tiempo. Cuando ustedes están todos juntos, hablan de esto. Usted habla de sus procesos legales o mantienen las cosas separadas? [AI Translation of Spanish Transcription: Your family.

Marilys Llanos: Mr. President, you have always said that your family is the most important thing to you, that you are very close to your family, that you have received their support throughout this time. When you are all together, you talk about this. Do you talk about your legal processes or do you keep things separate?]

Donald Trump: I'm able to put it aside and to think about other things. I can -- I'm very ambidextrous, so to speak. I can do a lot of things at one time. And I'm willing to do and able to do things and lots of different things. I run a business right now. But now, I'm starting to get full back into the campaign mode.

Donald Trump: And we're really, I mean, doing amazingly well. It's the best numbers we've ever had. It's been incredible.

Marilys Llanos: [AI Spanish Transcription] Paralelo a su proceso legal, el ex mandatario ya está entrevistando posibles compañeros de fórmula. La semana pasada en Mar a Lago, usted tuvo una reunión. Con potenciales candidatos a la vicepresidencia. Cómo va este proceso? Y qué es lo que está buscando usted en la persona que lo va a acompañar en la boleta electoral? [AI Translation of Spanish Transcription: Parallel to your legal process, you are already interviewing possible running mates.

Marilys Llanos: Last week at Mar-a-Lago, you had a meeting. With potential vice presidential candidates. How is this process going? And what are you looking for in the person who is going to accompany you on the ballot?]

Donald Trump: It's going very well. I don't think I'll be announcing before the convention. I mean, it just seems the convention is not too far off. But I would say that I wouldn't be announcing before the convention. I think we'll be doing it around that time, and we'll have somebody very good. We have a lot of great people in the Republican Party.

Donald Trump: That's one thing we know.

Marilys Llanos: [AI Spanish Transcription] Cuál es su reacción a que ahora en el más joven de sus hijos haya sido seleccionado como un delegado alterno para la próxima Convención Nacional Republicana? Está entrando ya en la arena política? [AI Translation of Spanish Transcription: What is your reaction to the fact that your youngest son has now been selected as an alternate delegate to the upcoming Republican National Convention?

Marilys Llanos: Is he already entering the political arena?]

Donald Trump: Well, to me, that's very cute because he's a very young guy and he's graduating from high school this year. He's a very good student, very smart, and I think that's great. I think it's very interesting, too. But he's pretty young, I will say. He's 17. But if they can do that, I'm all for it. I think I'm all for it. And he probably would be -- knowing him, he would probably be for it, too.

Marilys Llanos: [AI Spanish Transcription] Este encuentro atípico con el expresidente Trump se produjo minutos antes de que tuviera que entrar a la corte. Ahí está, chocando a diario con una realidad y dice estar listo para lo que venga. [AI Translation of Spanish Transcription: This atypical meeting with former President Trump occurred minutes before he had to enter the court.

Marilys Llanos: There he is, colliding daily with a reality and he says he is ready for whatever comes.]

Donald Trump: Sure, I am. I think, so far, it's showing we're totally innocent, and we did nothing wrong. This is not even a charge. The DA didn't even want to bring the case. He didn't want to bring it. And then, he brought it for political reasons. But this went through many agencies, many law enforcement agencies, and everybody dropped it. It went through the Federal Elections Commission.

Donald Trump: They said, it's ridiculous. We're not going to do it. And that's the way it is. It's dirty politics, but I've gotten used to that.