Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-mark-levin-fox-news-august-27-2024

Mark Levin: President Trump, how are you, sir?

Donald Trump: Yeah. Thank you very much.

Mark Levin: It's good to see you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Mark Levin: First of all, how are you feeling?

Donald Trump: I feel good. We're in the midst of a campaign. We have to fight the government and candidates. Nobody's ever had that before, but I feel good. We're doing well. We're leading. We beat Biden by 18 or 20 points, and then he had to get out of the race. And now, they gave me a new one, but I think we're doing very well.

Donald Trump: Nobody's ever had it double. You know, you have to beat one, and when that person doesn't do well, they say, "That's alright. We'll take him out. We'll put a new one in." But I think we're doing very well.

Mark Levin: Hopefully, they don't yank her and then put a third one in. You never know.

Donald Trump: That will happen. I'm sure.

Mark Levin: First of all, we're here for a lot of reasons. But one of the reasons is you have a fantastic new book that's coming out. And I'll tell you what's amazing about this book to me as I went through it. And you make your notes. You have comments in your book. The pictures are beautiful. A couple of things.

Mark Levin: Number one, your attachment to working Americans. You know, there's Hollywood. There's the athletes. You saw the Democrat convention. You had one entertainer after another. Your book is heavy with firefighters, police officers, coal miners, people who drill for oil, truckers, common people. So, let me ask you this.

Mark Levin: You spent most of your life around these people. You were a developer. You were a builder. Electricians, plumbers, construction workers of every kind. You created thousands and thousands of middle-class jobs with pensions, medical insurance, and so forth and so on. Why do you think your opponents get away with claiming to represent the little guy, the middle class, the blue-collar worker when they have nothing, absolutely nothing to do with them? And you've spent your entire life around them.

Donald Trump: Well, certainly, you know, I had two opponents. I had Biden, and then he disappeared a couple of weeks ago at their insistence. We had a debate, and the debate was a good debate. And he was 18 or 20 points down, and they went to see him. And they said, "We want you out. You're not going to win." And you started hearing those rumors.

Donald Trump: And then, all of a sudden, he was gone, and they gave me a new one who never got a vote. In all fairness to him, I'm not a fan of his, but he had 14 million votes. He worked for a year to win. She actually started off with him, you know, when you think. But he worked for a year to win. He won. And then they threw him out when they say, "This is not a democracy, OK?" When you think about it, what is that all about? She never got a vote.

Donald Trump: But regardless. So, then they gave me her, and he's a very angry man, but he's gone. And now, I have Kamala. I call her Comrade Kamala because she's radical left. She's a radical left Marxist, and that's what she is. And she'll destroy our country. There's not going to be any fracking in Pennsylvania.

Donald Trump: And for her whole life, there was none. She fought people like -- I've never seen anything like it. Look at the way she fought Justice Kavanaugh, the viciousness and the violence. She's a Marxist. She's worse, much higher on the scale, than Elizabeth Pocahontas Warren. Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders are not as left as she is, but she's just really out there.

Donald Trump: Now, she's totally changed her whole policies, everything. I mean, she's gone -- they call her the greatest flip-flopper because she's gone from "I'll never drill for oil" to, like, you know, "Let's put a well on every street." But she won't do that. If she wants, she'll never do that. She'll never do that.

Donald Trump: She'll never do any of the things. I saw today, she wants to build walls. She fought me for years on the wall. I built hundreds of miles of wall, but she was one of the people that fought me, one of the Democrats but one of the people. And you look at what she's -- how she's changed, and it's so phony because -- and all of this stuff, you know, with politics, usually, their first thought, that's where they are.

Donald Trump: And her first thought is Marxism. She's not going to have walls. She's going to have people -- we'll have 100 million people in this country within four years if she gets elected, 100 million. They've already allowed 20 million in. We think it's -- I think it's a lot higher than that. And Mark, they come from prisons and jails.

Donald Trump: There's a slight difference. And they come from mental institutions and insane asylums. And they come also as terrorists at a level that we've never seen before. And they're pouring into the country. We have millions of people coming in, but hundreds of thousands of those people are criminals from Venezuela.

Donald Trump: They take them off the streets of Caracas, and they bring them into our country, and then they announce their crime rate is way down. You know, that's what they've done. Their crime rate is way down now. But they come from Africa, Asia, the Middle East, and from South America, and they're destroying our country.

Donald Trump: And when you watch her, like, at the convention, oh, everything's just peachy dory. But migrant crime is turning out to be a disaster. Many, many people are killed and raped and mugged and everything else. These are tough people. But they let them out of jails. You take Venezuela. Their crime rate is down at a number they've never had before.

Donald Trump: They're taking all of their criminals and busing them into the United States of America and dropping them and saying, "If you come back, we will kill you." And then I'm supposed to sit and debate this person, and she'll say, "Oh, no. It's wonderful. It's wonderful." And now, she's going around saying -- we had the weakest border in history.

Donald Trump: She was the border czar. She was put in charge of the border. We had the weakest border in the history of the world, I think. I believe it's not just here, the world. And now, she's going around saying, "Oh, I think I'm going to build a wall. I'm going to build a wall." She fought me for years on the wall.

Donald Trump: She was on every lawsuit. I had 11 lawsuits, and she was on every one of them. One of the leaders -- she's not that much of a leader, but the one thing she is, is radical left, and she's rated much further left than Bernie Sanders. Bernie Sanders was unelectable, and she's much worse than him. And Biden was just a fake.

Donald Trump: You know, he wasn't really left. I don't think he really knew what he was, if you want to know the truth, actually, for a long time. But Biden was not real. She's real. She really believes in all those stuff. Defund the police. She wants to defund the police. For years, she said, "Defund the police." Now, all of a sudden, a little while ago, she goes, "No. I don't want to defund the police."

Donald Trump: She's flip-flopped on every single thing that you could flip flop, from border strength to defunding and defunding the police, things that you wouldn't believe. She doesn't want to have any fracking. She doesn't want to have oil. She doesn't know how you're going to fire up our plants. How do you fire them? You don't fire them up with wind, I can tell you that.

Donald Trump: The wind, let the wind blow. So, I think our country's in serious trouble. The good news is I'm leading. I think I'm leading maybe by a lot, could be a lot more than people think. And historically, you know, I was losing to Hillary, and I ended up winning quite easily. Once people hear -- and also, they look -- they have to look at what we did.

Donald Trump: We had a great economy. We had no inflation. We rebuilt the military. We defeated ISIS, but I had no wars. Our country is going to be in World War III. Right now, we don't have a president. We have Biden that just took a vacation in California, came home, was going to go to the office. He decided to go back to Delaware, where he's going to take another vacation.

Donald Trump: And we have people talking about World War III and a war like no other, by the way. This would be a war like no other because of the weaponry. So, we just have a country that's in such trouble. I know it's close to your heart, but the October 7th attack of Israel would have never happened if I was there.

Donald Trump: As you know, Iran had no money to give to Hamas and to Hezbollah and all of the other elements of terror. Lots of different terms, but they call them elements of terror. That's the new term. But they had no money to do that. We had no -- during my term, we had no terrorist attacks. Think of it. You didn't have Iran saying they're going to blow up Israel, and you didn't have Putin saying he's going into Ukraine.

Donald Trump: That would have never happened. Putin going into Ukraine would have never happened, and inflation would have never happened, and Afghanistan would have never happened. I was just with the parents of some of the great heroes from the Afghanistan slaughter. Thirteen died, many, many horrifically injured.

Donald Trump: And overall, 400, 500 people were killed, including both sides, right? Because I like to include both sides. And we lost hundreds of people. There are hundreds of people dead. We left $85 billion worth of military equipment behind. You know, Afghanistan now is one of the largest sellers of military equipment in the world.

Donald Trump: They're selling our equipment with brand-new beautiful stuff. How they put in so much, who would believe it? But we left Americans behind, as you know. And you covered it really well, better than anybody. You get it. But that would have never happened. All of these things would have never happened. And now, we have a world that -- it's just blowing up.

Donald Trump: They asked the prime minister of Hungary. You know who I'm talking about, Viktor Orban.

Mark Levin: And he's in the book?

Donald Trump: He's in the book.

Mark Levin: A lot of these leaders you dealt with are in the book.

Donald Trump: Many of them are, yeah. But they asked him, "What do you think? I mean, why is the world blowing up?" Viktor Orban from -- I mean, he's strong. They consider him strong. It's a good thing, not a bad thing. Runs a strong country. And he said, "Bring Trump back, and it'll all stop. We had no problem when Trump was president."

Donald Trump: We had no problem. I would stop wars of two countries that we had nothing to do with, with a telephone call. I would stop wars with a telephone. And it's very sad. The world is exploding right now. The question to him was, "The world is exploding. What's happening? What's the difference?" He said, "You have to bring Trump back."

Donald Trump: So, we'll see what happens, but we're doing well in the election.

Mark Levin: Let me follow up with you. In the book, you have some very compelling photos of the border. You spent a lot of time on the border. You spent a lot of time working on the border, thinking about the border, litigating to get the money to build a wall on the border, opposition from people like Kamala Harris.

Mark Levin: She says if this so-called bipartisan bill hits her desk, she will sign it. Not a single Republican in the House supported it, three Republicans at the Senate. It was negotiated in secret. She never tells us what's in the bill. Catch and release. You put an end to that. That's in the bill. It would be a statute.

Mark Levin: Work permits for illegal aliens. You said, "No way." Taxpayer-funded lawyers for illegal aliens in the bill. Five thousand illegal aliens a day, 1.8 million a year in four years' time, that's a lot of illegal aliens.

Donald Trump: And it will be much higher than that.

Mark Levin: And it would be higher because of all the gotaways. Billions to sanctuary cities, billions to pro-illegal alien NGOs. And Senator Chris Murphy and others said, "Don't worry. The border's not going to be closed." So, she runs around. This is a bigger issue. You say flip flop. If you're a flip flop, you're a liar.

Mark Levin: You either lied before, or you're lying now. She's hiding out from the press. Is she a liar? Is that why she's hiding out from the press, she doesn't want to tell the American people just how radical she actually is?

Donald Trump: Well, if you look at her campaign -- because she campaigned for this office that she seems to be getting now with no votes, and she's getting the nomination with no votes. Think of that. And it'll be between two people who wins. And I think we're going to win because I think when people find out about -- they know what I did, and they loved it.

Donald Trump: They had no inflation. We did Space Force. We rebuilt our military. All these things. We got the biggest tax cuts ever in our history, got the biggest regulation cuts in our history. They know all this stuff. That's good. But they don't know her. Most people don't know her. And she's a Marxist. She's a radical left Marxist.

Donald Trump: And this country's not ready for that. This country's not -- you know, I used to say this country will never be a socialist country. And I was right. They skipped socialism. They went from here down to here. They skipped it very quickly. And we just can't let it happen. It would be the end of our country as we know it.

Donald Trump: And as a good country, as a great country, it would be the end.

Mark Levin: It's a fantastic book. 45books.com, you can order it directly. I'm going to tell you, there's so many -- I can't possibly cover it all.

Donald Trump: No. I know.

Mark Levin: But you loved being president. You could see. You were excited about it. You were engaged about it.

Donald Trump: Well, I loved doing a great job for the country. I loved being president, but I loved it because we were doing such a great job. We had the greatest economy in history. Then COVID came in, and we did a great job there. I never got the credit for that, but that's OK. But that was so bad for the whole world.

Donald Trump: $50 trillion in damage it caused. Every country was devastated, including China. They were just a later version of it. But every country was devastated. It came in. We did a great job. We did things. We made the masks and the gowns and the ventilators. We were selling ventilators and giving them to the rest of the world.

Donald Trump: We were way advanced. And when I gave the -- when I gave it over to them after a terrible election, a disgraceful election, but we gave it over to them, the stock market, I think, was higher than just prior to COVID coming in. And it was a miracle, actually, because we could have been in a Great Depression.

Donald Trump: We gave just the right amount of money so that businesses could make it through, and then you had to bounce back on jobs. You know, they like to take those jobs. I had the greatest job market ever created. But when COVID comes in, a pandemic, any pandemic, there are pandemics, but there's a bounce-back of jobs.

Donald Trump: In other words, the same people working, they come back four months later, five months later. And we had great jobs. You can't take credit for a bounce-back if you happen to be president, and these people are now flowing back into the job market. But we did a great job, and I really -- I loved being president, but I loved being president because there has never been an economy like the economy that we created.

Donald Trump: And China was paying us a fortune. You know, China never paid $0.10 to any other president, any other president, go all the way back. And they were paying hundreds of billions of dollars to the US in the form of taxes and tariffs. And I got along with China. You know, I got along. I had a lot of respect for President Xi.

Donald Trump: The press hates when you say that. I had a lot of respect, but I did. And there's no reason we won't get along with China, but they were taking advantage of us. But Europe has taken advantage of us almost as badly. The European Union, what they're doing to us is incredible. $250 billion in -- I call it losses.

Donald Trump: They don't take our cars. We take their cars. They don't take our farm product. We take their product. They don't take practically anything from us, and I straightened a lot of these things out. We have tremendous potential in this country, but you need the right leader. Look, I defeated ISIS in four weeks.

Donald Trump: It was supposed to take five years. Our military is great, but they need the right leader. We have great people, and don't worry about it going woke. Those people are not going woke ever. You could sit with them for months and try and convince them. They're not going to go woke. But the top people are woke.

Donald Trump: The people that are trying to do the convincing are woke. But look at the job we did in defeating 100% of the ISIS caliphate. And other than that, I got you into no wars. You didn't have any wars. But we're going to have the big war, the war of all time, if something doesn't happen because I don't think we have a president right now.

Donald Trump: Biden's on vacation all the time. He's depressed from being overthrown. He was overthrown. This was a coup. I think you agree with that.

Mark Levin: One hundred percent.

Donald Trump: This was a coup, and the person running got no votes. And they wanted to be politically correct because six weeks ago, they thought she was a joke. And immediately, the press -- you know, the press is really the biggest problem of all. The fake news, I call it, is the biggest problem of all because they immediately went from her being a joke, not qualified, she'll be terrible, and she's the worst vice president in history, to all of a sudden, she's wonderful.

Donald Trump: But she's not wonderful. So, we have a debate coming up, and I look forward to that. And she'll be exposed.

Mark Levin: You know, Mr. President, the press, it's very, very interesting. Before you got into the politics, the press liked you.

Donald Trump: They loved me. I got the greatest press. I don't know what I did. I got the best press.

Mark Levin: I'll tell you what you did. You decided to be a Republican, strike Number 1. You took on Obama, strike Number 2. Defeated Hillary Clinton, oh, that was a big strike, strike Number 3. And you became president of the United States. You stopped the Obama, Hillary, that sort of dynasty from doing exactly what Kamala Harris wants to do now, push the country over the cliff.

Mark Levin: You're a capitalist. You say you use common sense, which is true. America first, national security, those are the views of most Americans. Kamala Harris is hiding because she doesn't agree with most Americans. You call her a Marxist. She wants to nationalize health care. She wants to set wage and price controls.

Mark Levin: She wants to determine the price of food. She doesn't know anything about food. In every respect, her reaction is government-centralized decision-making. Do you think you're going to be able to get that point across to the American people given the nature of the media and the fact that she plays rope-a-dope and hide-and-seek?

Donald Trump: Well, I have to go in shows like yours. This is a great show, a very highly rated show. A lot of people are watching. And you have to go on shows like this and Sean Hannity and Laura and Jesse and a lot of other shows. There are a lot of other shows. You know, if you get good ratings, they always take you.

Donald Trump: That's the one good thing. But some are nasty. They don't want you, but they don't want -- they got to have the ratings, right? But I get the word out. Yeah. I think we're going to be able to -- truth has been a very great thing for me. Truth Social, it's my form of getting the word out. And I also use X.

Donald Trump: Elon's a friend of mine. He endorsed me very strongly. He really endorsed me incredibly, endorses me a lot. He tells people because he understands. He's very smart, and he understands that this country is not going to make it if she's put in there. It's going to be a disaster for the world. It's going to be a disaster.

Donald Trump: The whole world's going to explode, not just us. And we have tremendous endorsements. And those guys are going out. Those people are going out, and they're talking about it. We brought RFK, Jr., and he's a terrific guy. And he's a little different, but he's got some great ideas and some great things that he's been working on, having to do with health, having to do with women and women's health and just a lot of great things.

Donald Trump: We brought in Tulsi, as you know, who is terrific. She's great, very respected. I've watched her for a long time. I don't think I've ever seen her say anything that I disagree with. And she was a Democrat, and she left the party. She was a congresswoman.

Mark Levin: I noticed they're under attack now.

Donald Trump: Oh, they're probably under attack. Yeah. You get under attack. This is a tough business if you're a Republican. It's a lot easier to be a Democrat. And yet, yeah, you're right. We won against Hillary and Obama because it was all one thing. And Bush, we won against Bush. I get no support from Bush.

Mark Levin: The book goes through not just the presidency, the campaign, your family, and your life, "SAVE AMERICA." A horrendous day. You're almost murdered six, seven weeks ago, six, seven weeks ago. For the media, it's like it never happened. I'm curious about this. Did George W. Bush ever send you a note or ever call you or anything of that sort?

Donald Trump: You know, I've gotten so many, I don't know. Not much of one.

Mark Levin: So, it's possible?

Donald Trump: I hated that he got us into the Middle East. I just hated it. We spent $9 trillion, blew the hell out of the place, and we left. There's never anything -- you know, in the old days, to the victor belong the spoils. I used to say, "But I was a civilian, so who's going to listen?" But I'd say, "Don't go into Iraq. Don't do it. But if you are, keep the oil."

Donald Trump: So, Iraq has hundreds of billions of dollars' worth of oil right now. We spent a fortune with Saddam Hussein and all of the things we did. Should have never got in. We decapitated the enemy of Iran. Now, Iran -- essentially, it's like a subsidiary of Iran, but they have hundreds of billions of dollars.

Donald Trump: Four years ago, Iran had no money. They had no money for any of these terrorist organizations. They had no money so they could attack Israel. Now, they have a lot of money. Iran has almost $300 billion. They've got Iraq that has almost $300 billion. It's a lot of money. And they made it in three and a half years.

Donald Trump: Iran made all this money in three and a half years. People couldn't buy oil from them. They weren't allowed by me. And I'm not looking to be enemies with Iran. I'd love to get along with them great. But they can't have a nuclear weapon. We just can't let them have a nuclear weapon. I'll say this. If they do have a nuclear weapon, Israel is gone.

Donald Trump: It'll be gone. Israel is under tremendous pressure right now. It's amazing. If you go back 15 years or even less, the strongest lobby in that sense in the United States was Israel. You couldn't say a thing about Israel, Christian or Jew. You couldn't say anything about -- today, it's like under siege.

Donald Trump: You look at AOC plus three. You look at these people, the way they talk about it. And then you see Schumer, who's become a Palestinian as far as I'm concerned. I mean, he's actually become like a Hamas agent. Schumer, how did that happen?

Mark Levin: Let me ask you about that. You see the outbreak of antisemitism on our streets.

Donald Trump: Tremendous. Yep.

Mark Levin: It wasn't happening when you were president.

Donald Trump: It didn't happen when I was president.

Mark Levin: I know. But you signed an executive order extending the Civil Rights Act to cover Jewish students and their free speech, which Jewish students are using now to defend themselves in these Ivy League colleges. You see what's going on, on the streets. Do you think this administration -- you know, they give a speech here and there.

Mark Levin: Do you think they've done enough to fight this? Because colleges are opening now, and they're saying it's going to happen again, and it's going to get worse. And people are running for their lives, and they're hiding and so forth. When you see that, what do you think?

Donald Trump: Well, it's getting worse. I just see Cornell is a hotbed right now, today, all of what's happening up there. So, right now, it's a little bit early. But as colleges are starting to open, Cornell was the occasion, it looks like it's worse than ever. And they don't respect this administration. It's very simple.

Donald Trump: You know, the power that you have with all of the endowments and everything else, the big tax breaks that they get, you have tremendous powers. But the heads of these schools seem like either they're weak and pathetic, or they're sort of Marxists themselves, fascists, Marxists. One of the people -- one of the professors was on from Cornell today, and he was talking about how the head people at the school are almost encouraging the students to destroy the place.

Donald Trump: It was actually an amazing statement. You know, I could see them cowering in a corner, but I can't see that they're actually helping it. And it's shocking when you look at Columbia from last year, but it looks like it's going to get very bad, actually. It looks like it's going to get very bad. It's a little bit early yet.

Donald Trump: The season's just beginning. Schools are starting to open up. They haven't -- most of them haven't opened yet, but the ones that have, it's nasty. It's nasty. And the government does nothing about it.

Mark Levin: But you consider federal funds that go into these schools.

Donald Trump: Yeah. You have tremendous power over those schools.

Mark Levin: It seems to me we blackmail institutions all the time with federal funds. The Democrats do, too, but not here. They just seem to have wide berth to go for it.

Donald Trump: Well, also speech. I mean, you're not allowed to -- if you're Jewish and talking about a positive Jewish event or whoever you may be, or if you're conservative even, you can't -- they won't let you speak. So, I wrote out an order, a very strong order, and everybody went and spoke. But that doesn't mean they love it.

Donald Trump: We put a big order that they have to pay massive penalties if they don't let conservatives speak. We did a lot for Jewish people because we were able to -- you know, we were able to turn that tide, but now it's turning back. And Biden does nothing. How a Jewish person can vote for a Democrat, but specifically somebody like Kamala -- she wouldn't even meet with Bibi when he was -- look, he came over.

Donald Trump: He's the prime minister of Israel. He's in a war. We're heavily invested in that war. People are dying. October 7th was a horrific day, just horrific. But now, you see people that are picketing. They're saying no such thing ever happened. You know, they did that with the Holocaust, too. They said there was no Holocaust.

Donald Trump: But this one was right next to us because we saw it. We saw it. You saw it. Everybody saw it. They saw it. I don't imagine they aren't thinking straight. They must know it happened. But they are -- I think, you know, they're interviewing people, like, that are rioting. "What about October 7th?" "It never happened."

Donald Trump: Now, either they're conning us, or they really believe it never happened, and that's maybe worse. But what's happened is amazing. What's happened to our country is amazing. We had a country -- four years ago, we were respected as a country. We're not respected anymore. So many bad decisions. The worst in terms of prestige was Afghanistan.

Donald Trump: It was handled so badly. I'm convinced Putin would have never gone in if I were president. But even with Biden as president, if he didn't do the Afghan -- and not getting out. I was getting out. I would have been out faster than him. I'm the one that prepared to get out, but I would have kept Bagram, the big Air Force base, which is one hour from where China makes its nuclear weapons.

Donald Trump: It's a massive base that we built many years ago with billions and billions of dollars, runways that are the most powerful anywhere in the world. They can carry more cargo than any other runway. You know, the massive, thick concrete goes down to almost China, which is right next to her. But big, heavy slab concrete runways.

Donald Trump: You almost couldn't build something like that today. We walked away, and one day, it's gone. And China now occupies it. We were one hour away from make where they make their nuclear weapons. So, I was getting out, but we were going to get out with dignity and strength. And you know, for 14 months, we had nobody -- 18 months, we had nobody killed.

Donald Trump: They were killing. And I spoke to Abdul, the leader, and they didn't kill after that. They never killed. You know, we had the snipers, and they were knocking off our guys, a lot of them during the Obama years. And I spoke to him. I said, "Don't do it. Just don't do it." When Putin saw Afghanistan, I think, you know, you've heard that.

Donald Trump: That's a theory. But he saw such weakness, and he said, "Well, that's not the country that I thought it was." And I think if you didn't have Afghanistan, probably, possibly, he wouldn't have gone in.

Mark Levin: We've got unbelievable photographs in here of these world leaders: Xi, Un. These are tough dudes. These are bad dudes. And your attitude always was, look, "I can't snap my fingers, and they disappear. I got to deal with these people in order to protect my country." Turkey, tough leader there. These aren't all little-d democrats, and that's the nature of the world.

Mark Levin: You got to take the world as you see it and deal with it. But also, here at home, I noticed one of the photographs in the book is with Mark Zuckerberg. Now, there's new information that's just come out in the last few days. He sent a letter to Capitol Hill. I'm a little confused about him. He would meet with you.

Mark Levin: The meetings would seem to go well. And then in the last election, he spent hundreds of millions of dollars. He says he didn't mean to be political, but it was very political. And now, he basically said, "I'm not doing that anymore." And not only that, "This administration put the shoulder on me when it came to censorship."

Donald Trump: It just came out in the New York Post that Zuckerberg listened to the administration and did everything he could to help them, including hiding the laptop from hell, which is Hunter Biden's, which has more stuff in it than even they report now, but the laptop from hell. They hid the 51 intelligence agents, a lot of different things.

Donald Trump: It would have made a big difference in the election. But if you fight that, you end up getting indicted, whether it's by Fani Willis and her boyfriend or New York. And it all comes from the Justice Department. But especially if you're a political opponent, there's nobody being treated like me. I won the big case in Florida.

Donald Trump: That was supposed to be the biggest of the cases. I won the big case. I don't know the judge, but the judge was a brilliant judge, strong, smart, and a brilliant judge. And I won the case. You have to have fair elections, and you have to have borders. We don't have borders. We have nothing. We have people that are allowed to just walk in from countries unknown, from countries that nobody's ever even heard of, from countries where we don't even know how to speak their language because small countries, there are a lot of them, many more countries than people think.

Donald Trump: Nobody in this country even knows how to speak their language, and yet those children are occupying now seats in our schools, taking them away from our citizens. Our veterans are sleeping on the street outside of hotels where illegal immigrants are living inside, and some of them are luxury hotels. The country's really on a bad course.

Donald Trump: It's on a very dangerous course. I've never seen it like this. I mean, I know how close you are to Israel. I've never seen Israel in such trouble, and I've never seen our country closer to being in World War III. Now, Israel's trouble is a big one, though, because if the other side has nuclear weapons, it's a whole different deal. It's a whole different deal.

Mark Levin: SAVE AMERICA, 45books.com. I'm not doing this book justice. I want to talk about something that's not talked about much. Your beautiful wife, self-made woman, professional woman, first lady with incredible class and dignity, doesn't get the press that a Dr. Jill Biden gets or Michelle Obama gets or some of these other ladies get.

Mark Levin: Look at your family in this book. Beautiful children, beautiful grandchildren, and you know, you have people, kids that come out of wealthy families. They got all kinds of problems and so forth. Yours do not. They support their father. They'll do anything for their father. They love their country right down the line, every single one of them.

Mark Levin: The media focus on a cousin over here, a niece over there who's attacking you and so forth. Your wife, your family, they talk about the Kennedys and so forth, the Trumps. It's a remarkable family. So, I'm going to ask you as a father and a grandfather, what did you do to raise children this way? And your wife, Melania, when she sees what's happening to you, that her husband was almost murdered, how do you two interact when she sees something like that?

Donald Trump: Well, she was watching it on television, and Barron was outside having a tennis lesson. He's a good tennis player. He's outside playing tennis, and somebody ran up, "Barron, Barron, your father's been shot." He went -- and he loves his father. He's a good kid, good student, good athlete, actually. And he ran, "Mom, what's going on? What's going on?" She couldn't believe it.

Donald Trump: She was actually watching it live. Can you imagine? And then I got up, and I let people know I was OK. Fight, fight, fight. But I let people know I was OK. But it was a hit. It was a big hit and a miracle, actually. You know, you're not a shooter, I don't think.

Mark Levin: Oh, yes. I am.

Donald Trump: Oh, you are?

Mark Levin: From time to time.

Donald Trump: You would know, from that distance, it's supposed to be like a sure thing. They said, like, sinking a one-foot putt. Don and Eric are great, you know, with the guns. They know so much about it, and their shooters are very top-of-the-line, too. And Don called me. He said, "I can't believe it. From that distance, I can't believe it."

Donald Trump: I made the right turn. If I didn't turn at that exact 100th of a second -- it's like a miracle. And it got whack. But that's OK by comparison to the alternative. And people have said, especially people that understand guns, that it was almost impossible to not get hit. Had I not looked at my immigration chart, my all-time favorite chart -- now, for two reasons, right? It showed the great numbers that I had on immigration, illegal immigration.

Donald Trump: We stopped, you know, all the way down here, and then it rose as soon as I left office. But that chart came down. And I looked over. And the amazing thing about the chart, I rarely use it during a speech. I just said, "Put out the chart." And I, boom, turned around. If I didn't turn around -- if I turned around just a little bit less or a little bit more, if I turned around more or less, it was still the end.

Donald Trump: So, it's God. I know people that have become believers in God because of it. But I rarely use the chart. And when I do use it, it's always at the end of the speech. This was at the very beginning of the speech. And it's always on the left side, not the right side. And the only place I could've looked was there.

Donald Trump: And it was like an eighth of a second was the time period I had. And this thing went by, and, you know, it whacked me, but it was -- I guess if you have to be it, even though I learned the ear is a bloody subject. The ear, if you get hit in the ear, because of cartilage, etc. -- the doctor, I said to him, "Doctor, why is there so much blood?" He said, "When you get hit in the ear, that's one of the bloodiest places."

Mark Levin: I'm looking for a photo of you in the car, which is seared in my head, this photo right here. What were you thinking?

Donald Trump: Well, that was a photo that was taken on the ground. It's an amazing photo.

Mark Levin: It's right through the window.

Donald Trump: I had seven Secret Service people on top of me because by that time, I had gone down, and this was a photographer that was taking pictures and, I think, realized when he was developing it, "Look what we have here." So, there was a little gap in the floor where you're able to see. So, it wasn't like, "Oh, gee. What a nice picture this would be."

Mark Levin: What was going through your head right there?

Donald Trump: Amazing, really amazing. I felt very clearheaded. I knew I got hit in the ear. I felt I was 100% OK. Secret Service was very brave. They jumped. They were on me very quickly, seconds. I was down, but they were on top of me, and bullets were flying right over me. I heard them. I didn't know you could hear a bullet.

Donald Trump: You hear it, just like a whiz sound. And then, by the way, a Secret Service sniper was amazing because he didn't know anything, didn't know there was a problem, heard the sound of the gun, saw the smoke, and within less than five seconds, he shot him from a very big distance, much further. He was on the opposite side of the podium.

Donald Trump: One bullet. Pretty amazing, right? One bullet. And that's without knowledge. Now, obviously, somebody should have been on top of that roof, and there were some problems. But I have to tell you, Secret Service, they were on top of me, and they were -- bullets were flying over us. And there wasn't one of them that said, "Oh, gee. I'm not doing that."

Donald Trump: And even the people -- as you know, we lost one great person, Corey, the firefighter, who was fantastic. And we had two people that we thought were going to die, and they ended up living. And they're going to be good, I hope. Perfect. We raised a lot of money for them, for the family of Corey. You know, it was very nice.

Donald Trump: A friend of mine said, "I'd like to give Corey, the firefighter, a check." I said, "Good." He said, "Would you give it?" "Yeah." And he handed me a check for $1 million. And so, I gave it to Corey's beautiful family, wife, daughters. And he -- you know, the daughters were there, and he wanted to protect them.

Donald Trump: He got over, and he got hit. He got hit hard, pretty much instantaneously over.

Mark Levin: Were you able to see him or not really? You were moved out.

Donald Trump: No, because, well, they were moving me, I guess, in a different direction. But he was hit hard. He was really hit hard. I think it was probably instantaneous. We had a man from the National Guard who was sitting maybe 15 seats away. He ran to Corey, and he gave a mouth-to-mouth resuscitation. I mean, amazing.

Donald Trump: Some of the things that you hear here, it's amazing. The other thing is the crowd people. The people that study crowd control, etc., they said when a bullet goes off, everyone stampedes always. They saw I was in trouble. It's, you know, Make America Great Again. We had a crowd. It's so big, tens of thousands of people, as far as the eye could see.

Donald Trump: And at first, you know, when you have that crowd and you speak and, you know, something hit you hard but you don't know if you want to go down, I think that, you know, my movement was quick because I heard people screaming, "It's bullets. Go down. Go down. Go down." So, I think, pretty sure, because I couldn't have done it as easily as it looked on the tape.

Donald Trump: You know, I must have been hearing people say that. But two of the people were hit. And had this guy not been taken out very quickly, he would have had -- because it was nothing but people. There was no ground, basically. There was just nothing but people. In fact, when I first was starting to get up, the first thing I said was "How many people were killed?" because there was no ground.

Donald Trump: It was just walls. You've seen the rallies. It was, wall to wall, people. But we then did a GoFundMe for them and raised millions of dollars. And we're very proud of that, very proud of that. And the two people were very thankful, and the family was very thankful. But I know for a fact they'd rather have Corey back than all those millions.

Donald Trump: But that was a rough time. The hospital was amazing. The doctors were amazing. You know, the doctors saved two people that most people thought couldn't be saved. And these were local doctors in Pennsylvania, Butler area, and they were phenomenal doctors. They saved two people that, in theory, nobody thought could be saved.

Donald Trump: You know, we have a lot of talent in this country.

Mark Levin: You've been a man of faith. You go to church. You believe in God. Has this further your belief, your commitment? And obviously, God, in addition to that chart, saved your life. He has a purpose for you. Do you think about these things?

Donald Trump: Well, I think you'll believe more because when you speak to experts, like my sons who are shooting experts, but when you speak to experts, they said there was no chance that he could have missed from that distance. I think he was hurried. I think he was rushed because people were starting to say, like, you know, "There's a guy up there with a gun." And I think he was probably rushed.

Mark Levin: This is what drives people crazy right now, Me, too. There's a guy up there with a gun.

Donald Trump: I know.

Mark Levin: The hell? There's a guy up there with a gun.

Donald Trump: By the time they started saying it, it was a little bit on the late side. And luckily, he was taken out quickly. But it I'll tell you, if he wasn't, it would have been like in Las Vegas, that horrible attack in Las Vegas with the crazy man up in the building shooting down into the crowds. And that's what you would have had here.

Donald Trump: These crowds were bigger, and you would have had a lot of people. It was bad having three and especially losing one. But no, I think, like, if you believed in God, you'll believe in God more. And somebody said, like, "Why?" And I'd like to think that God thinks that I'm going to straighten out our country.

Donald Trump: Our country is so sick, and it's so broken. Our country is just broken, and maybe that was the reason. I don't know. I don't know. A lot of people have said that.

Mark Levin: Did you get a call or a note, I'm just curious, from Kamala Harris?

Donald Trump: No, not that I know of.

Mark Levin: And we know now that shortly after that --

Donald Trump: I did get one from Biden.

Mark Levin: From Biden, yeah. We know that shortly after that, the Department of Justice was still trying to get you. They impaneled a secret grand jury in Washington, DC, maybe within days of the assassination attempt, to try and breathe life back into the case that, essentially, the Supreme Court killed with their immunity decision.

Donald Trump: That I thought we won.

Mark Levin: Which you did win.

Donald Trump: Which we did win.

Mark Levin: You did. And so, they come back. Jack Smith cannot file that without the approval of the attorney general of the United States. That brief wasn't written by Jack Smith. It was written by -- I know the Department of Justice. I worked there under Ed Meese, who was one of the ones that filed a brief in Florida and said, "Wait a minute. He's unconstitutional."

Donald Trump: That's right.

Mark Levin: Attorney General Mukasey filed it, and honestly, my legal group filed one, too. Now, that said --

Donald Trump: And great lawyers. And if that's true there, it's true in Washington, DC also. He's not allowed to do it.

Mark Levin: Well, that's, I assume, one of the motions your lawyer will file.

Donald Trump: Yeah, that's it.

Mark Levin: Now, that said, this isn't intended to get a result before the election. This is intended to smear you and to keep smearing you and to keep wasting your money and your campaign money and to keep using American taxpayer dollars. You know, Mr. President, the president of the United States or the want-to-be president of the United States have the power to tell the attorney general to knock it off.

Mark Levin: You've made the point that you did not want Hillary Clinton indicted. If she'd been indicted, you probably would have said, "Knock it off." The president is the executive branch, not the attorney general, and yet they go ahead and do this in the middle -- not even the middle of election. Pennsylvania, they start voting in a couple of weeks and so forth and so on.

Mark Levin: I mean, this election interference never ends, does it?

Donald Trump: Well, this is the worst case of election interference that anyone's ever seen, certainly, in our country. They do this in third-world countries. They have some of it in South America. They don't do it a lot, believe it or not, but they do it. They do it in banana republics. But now, this is the United States.

Donald Trump: When it came to Hillary, remember, they subpoenaed her and stuff, and she BleachBit. That's where you just -- it's basically acid, everything. Broke the phones, broke the computer, broke everything. I mean, it was so terrible. And I had to make a decision. Do I want to do this? Do I want to put the wife of the president of the United States and secretary of state, by the way, do I want to put her in prison? And I'm trying to unify a country that really was broken badly.

Donald Trump: If you look at, you know, what was going on with Obama when I took this over, this country was very -- had tremendous hatred, anxiety, a lot of hatred. And do I want to put the wife of a president of the United States in prison? I didn't want to do that. And then when I get out, it's like -- it's amazing, actually.

Donald Trump: It's amazing. And it's such a bad precedent because people are going to think about it differently. They're going to think about it differently, and it's very sad, actually. But you know the good news? It's so crazy that my poll numbers go up. Whoever heard you get indicted for interfering with a presidential election where you have every right to do it, you get indicted, and your poll numbers go up? When people get indicted, your poll numbers go down.

Donald Trump: But it was such -- it's such nonsense. They got to the DA. They put people in the DA's office. They put people in the attorney general of New York's office. Fani Willis in Atlanta met with them, and her boyfriend met with them for days. This was all coming out of the Department of Justice in order to get their political opponent, me.

Donald Trump: Think of it. Fani Willis came up with this crazy scheme, and a lot of people were hurt by it, too, very good people, patriots, because it was many people who were indicted. But they did this to try and get me. And then they say to people, "Listen. We'll let you off if you say bad things about Trump. If you say bad things about Trump, we're going to let you off."

Donald Trump: This was all done by the Department of Justice. I'm surprised at Merrick Garland because I thought he was -- I knew he was very liberal. There were those that said, "You know -- " Because when I came in, I put three Supreme Court justices in, and they've been very brave, actually, in many ways. But they're very, you know, highly-thought-of people.

Donald Trump: But there were some people that wanted me to put him in when I first came in, and they thought that could unify the country. And I had a decision to make, and I didn't know if it would be accepted or, you know, people would say, "What's he doing? Why is he doing it?" And then I said, "I wonder if they'd do it."

Donald Trump: And you know, if they had that option, which is in the conservative vein, you know they wouldn't do it. When Schumer was screaming on the stairs of the US Supreme Court, "I'm going to get you Kavanaugh. I'm going to get you Gorsuch. We're going to hit you," I said, "Can you believe it?" And I actually told our people -- I don't think they denied.

Donald Trump: I think you should do something about it because that's like a mobster. And he didn't -- he wasn't shielded. You know, when you're in the halls of Congress, you're shielded. You can say anything, which is maybe crazy, maybe not, but he wasn't shielded at all. And they said, "Sir, we don't have a case. We don't have a case."

Donald Trump: But I thought it was a terrible thing when he was -- if you remember that. I thought it was terrible that the Supreme Court, to this day, their houses aren't properly protected. You know, they were supposed to have great protection. Their houses weren't properly protected. And things are happening that are so crazy.

Donald Trump: I think there's no human being that was ever treated worse in Congress than Justice Kavanaugh.

Mark Levin: And Harris led the battle.

Donald Trump: That's right. Oh, she was vicious. Oh, she was the most vicious. She was going after them. Just like with Mike Pence, where she said, "You're interrupting me. I want to talk." And that's why, look, ABC is probably the worst in terms of fairness, George Stephanopoulos. The people they have there are just terrible.

Donald Trump: Jonathan Karl. But that's the only ones she'll go to. Now, the other one is the head of ABC is her best friend and her husband's best friend, too. And I had to make a decision. Do I want a debate? I'd like to debate. I mean, I guess I won a lot of debates because otherwise, I wouldn't have been president.

Donald Trump: I had a lot of debates initially, and then I had quite a few. And the last one with Joe Biden, I think I did a very good job. And maybe I did too good a job. But he was shielded and sheltered from -- you know, here's a man that's in charge of nuclear warfare and stuff, and I don't think he should have been there.

Donald Trump: But that was a debate, and it was their idea. They wanted to do it. I said, "You know, it's early, but I'll do it if you want. What do you want to do?" And they gave me CNN. They gave me Jake Tapper, and they gave me Dana Bash, who, traditionally, you would never do it. You'd never do it with them because, you know, they're Trump haters at the highest level, and CNN is a Trump hater.

Donald Trump: Basically, they're liberals. I don't like to use the word progressive. It's too pretty a word. It's such a pretty word. They're progressive. Progressive means you're thinking to the future. They're actually thinking to 3,000 years ago, these people. They're not progressive, but they're liberal. And I took it because that was the only way you're going to get a debate.

Donald Trump: I was surprised at the debate. I don't think they actually wanted me to take it. I thought they were going to say, "You know, he wouldn't take it, and therefore, Biden doesn't have to debate." But I agreed to all these things that I normally wouldn't agree to. Now, they have Kamala, who they say has many deficiencies, but she's a nasty person.

Donald Trump: The way she treated Mike Pence was horrible. The way she treats people is horrible. But the way she treated Justice Kavanaugh during that hearing, in the history of Congress, nobody's been treated that way.

Mark Levin: By the way, you have a picture of her in the book. It's a fantastic book, 45books. com. The things that the president are talking about pictorially are in the book and much, much, much more than that. And, you know, Kamala Harris, remember all the stories about how she berates her staff and uses the F word, and she's lost 92% of her staff as vice president? We don't hear those stories anymore.

Donald Trump: No. They don't want to hear them. They don't want to hear them. The press is a big problem. The press -- and you don't understand why. Like, you know, I fixed our military. I created a great border. I built hundreds of miles of wall. We had a great economy. We're going with school choice. We were doing a lot of things that were so great, and you don't know why they hate these things.

Donald Trump: They're common sense. I like to say the Republican Party's been the party of common sense. Much of it is common sense. We don't want men playing in women's sports. Look at the swimming. Young ladies that have been swimming against each other for years and, you know, the cream of the crop, right? And then they look, and there's somebody to their right that's giant.

Donald Trump: And he goes by them at levels that nobody's ever seen before.

Mark Levin: You're president of the United States. Title IX, part of the Civil Rights Act, has always been intended to protect women's sports, to make sure they're fully funded, to give women an opportunity. And so, Kamala Harris and Biden, they change it with an executive order. It's a law. They change it. And a federal judge just wrote, "Hold on. You don't get to do that."

Mark Levin: So, my question to you is this: How is it that they can claim that they're for women's rights when they're destroying the key act that protects women's sports, girls' sports, something that's been in existence for half a century, yet they claim they're for women's rights?

Donald Trump: Well, they're really demeaning women, and they're marginalizing women. Recently, a female volleyball player, very good player, all-American or something, got hit by a shot from a person who transitioned. And this person said, "I've never seen a ball come at me like that. I've been playing all my life. I'm a champion player."

Donald Trump: And it knocked her out, and she's not going to play anymore. You know, you say when you -- when I hear -- there are different things, different signs. Open borders, defund the police, men playing in women's sports, all different levels of problem. But they don't make sense. Who would want this? Who would want open borders where people come in from prisons, jails, and mental institutions, and terrorists openly just walk into the country from places unknown? Who would want that? Who would want that? Who would want men playing in women's sports? Very simple.

Donald Trump: Who would want all-electric cars? And Elon's a great friend of mine. I think he's phenomenal. I love the electric cars. I think they're great. But there's a place for them, and then there's a place for gasoline-propelled cars. And there's a place for hybrids. They buy everything. And they have a mandate, but we don't make enough electricity.

Donald Trump: So, what are they going to do? You know, who would create this mandate where they want to make trucks all-electric, but the trucks would have to stop six times to get charged from New York to Los Angeles as opposed to no times if you have diesel? With diesel, the truck gets lighter and lighter as it goes along.

Donald Trump: With the electric, the battery is so big, it would take half the payload. You'd have to rebuild every bridge and roadway in America to carry the weight. Now, think of that. You know, it sounds like a simple statement, but just -- and I said to him, "You know, don't you -- " Because I met with all the truckers.

Donald Trump: They're going to be out of business with this whole thing. And you talk about supply chain. Wait till you see this. But I said to him, "So, how long have you been in business?" He said, "50 years." And I said, "Wow." He said, "You know, I started off with one truck." I think it's 29,000 now, like one of the biggest, right? From one truck to 29,000.

Donald Trump: You know that type of guy. I mean, amazing. But he said, "Every single year, I bought trucks, I always bought them, and they got better and better. They got stronger. They got bigger. They got more beautiful. They got much more efficient to a point where we have things that are so good now. You'd be proud to live in them."

Donald Trump: He said, "We build apartments in the back." You know, they take an apartment in the back. You ever notice?

Mark Levin: Oh, yeah.

Donald Trump: These guys live in there. He said, "Sir, I know you're rich, but you'd be proud to live..." I said, "I don't know." But he said, "They just got so good. And if they forced us to go to electric trucks, nobody would be able to do it economically. But if they forced us to go, we would go back 60 years because we wouldn't be able to drive. We'd have to stop."

Donald Trump: Think of it. Six stops versus no stops. So, right there, it doesn't work, OK? Right there, New York to Los Angeles, six stops versus no stops. And they want to put these guys out of business. And so, I like to say the Republican Party's become -- yeah, we're conservative, and we're this, we're that. We're a lot of things.

Donald Trump: But it's basically the party of common sense. We need fair elections. We need walls. Or we need to stop -- we need borders. We need walls. You know, the two things that work as the Democrats even nowadays say it, "Oh, Kamala didn't want walls at all." She didn't want walls. She fought me harder than anybody.

Donald Trump: She was always fighting me on the walls. I ended up taking the money from the military because I said, "This is an invasion." I built hundreds of miles of wall. This is an invasion of our country. We're being invaded.

Mark Levin: Virtually everything you're talking about is about saving America, saving America from an ideology. That's really crazy. Crazy. But I want the audience to understand something. We've been sitting here for over an hour. You can talk from subject to subject, knowledgeable. You're not raising your voice.

Mark Levin: You're willing to do it pretty much with anybody, friend and foe alike. You're willing to do it anywhere, whether it's the Bronx, Philadelphia, Detroit, whether it's suburbia, rural. Conversely, you're running against somebody who's now deigned the American people with her appearance with one interview.

Mark Levin: You wanted to do multiple more debates. She says no to Fox. Everything has to be to her liking and her way. She's concealing information. She's been highly prepped about certain types of propaganda to use. And I think it's important for people to see this. When you were in the Oval Office, when you were making decisions, you have a zillion people a day coming in.

Mark Levin: Everybody has a priority. You got wars going on. You got things going on, on the border, these things going on, that you're allowing people to see the measure of the man. Is this how you conducted yourself? You brought people in, you wanted to talk to them, you wanted to understand the positions, and then you would say, "OK. Look. Let me use common-sense principles with common sense. Let me figure this out."

Mark Levin: The American people, I think a lot of them want to know, how do you come by your decisions, and how do you manage in the Oval Office?

Donald Trump: Well, I think that I learned -- like, I talked about the truckers. I learned about trucks. And by talking to them, in five minutes, I knew as much as I'm going to have to know to make decisions that are going to be Earth-shattering for transportation, for moving cargo, and moving a lot of other things.

Donald Trump: I learned from having interaction. Some politicians don't have interaction. Some politicians aren't smart. They can't have interactions. I think you have an obligation as a president to talk, to let the public know. Even from, like, the standpoint of Supreme Court spirit, let the country know how great our country is.

Donald Trump: Yesterday, I went to a terrible, terrible situation with the Afghanistan -- as you know, 13 people killed, many, many horrifically injured. Those parents are wiped out. Those parents are just devastated on something that should have never happened. They shouldn't have left from Bagram. They shouldn't have left from the local airport.

Donald Trump: They should have done so much different. They should have had the soldiers taken out last, most importantly. You know, Abdul was not bothering us. He was not bothering us. He was not going after us. He was the head of the Taliban. And he would have left the soldiers. And I could just see somebody going up to Abdul, tough guy.

Donald Trump: Abdul, Abdul, the American soldiers have left. And he probably said, "There's no way. Are you stupid? There's no way they left." "Abdul, they've left. They've left." "No way." Then he checked. He said, "They left. What did they leave?" "American hostages." They left Americans behind. They left tens of billions of dollars' worth of the best equipment in the world behind.

Donald Trump: We lost 13 soldiers. We had 45 of them horrifically hurt. I don't mean like hurt. I mean like the arms gone, the legs gone, the face just obliterated. And there was none of that. This would have never happened because I was getting out, but we're going to get out through dignity and strength, and we're going to keep the airport.

Donald Trump: We're going to keep Bagram because of its relationship not to Afghanistan but to China, one hour away, right?

Mark Levin: China. Let me ask you about China. Some people think it's the greatest threat we have. You've said, "He's no fool. He worked his way up the ladder." There he is. He's in charge. They're massively building up their military, conventional and nuclear.

Donald Trump: Yeah, with our money.

Mark Levin: With our money and with, I guess, Iran's money. And their navy is now bigger than ours. If you're elected, do you feel we're going to have to rebuild our military? Because our military has been zapped as it seems to be, as it was under Obama. By zapped, I mean that our troops don't have the equipment they need.

Mark Levin: Our sailors don't have the equipment we need. Morale's very low. People aren't joining up. Do you feel like you're going to have to rebuild the military again?

Donald Trump: They announced six ships are going to be drydocked, not because the ships are bad, which a lot of them are old and not too good, but because they can't get the sailors. There's no sailors. They can't get the sailors. They also announced they're very low on ammunition. When I came in, they announced we had no ammunition.

Donald Trump: And I said, number one, "Who's the stupid person saying that?" You could tell me. Tell a couple of people. But who's the person that wants to say the United States has no -- we're giving it to all of our people all over the world, in particular, Ukraine. We're giving them massive, billions of dollars of stuff.

Donald Trump: And I rebuilt our military all in four years. I have great people. I had great people doing this. And I restocked our ammunition. We had so much ammunition. It was coming out the gills, as they say. We had missiles. We have -- now we don't have ammunition. How would you like to be President Xi sitting there, saying, "America has no ammunition"? We're so vulnerable.

Donald Trump: With that being said, OK, so China, I think there was no greater critic of China than me, but I respected China, and I respected President Xi, and I had a great relationship with him. They took advantage of us, and why shouldn't they, I mean, if we were stupid enough to let them do it? They made hundreds of billions of dollars a year, $507 billion in most years over that time.

Donald Trump: Now, it's more. And I had them down to a much smaller -- and I put massive tariffs on them. And again, nobody got any money from China. I got billions, hundreds of billions of dollars from China. I think that we will have a good relationship. I'd rather have a good relationship with China. And I'm saying this, and I hope that President Xi is watching, which he will in one form or another, whether he's watching, or he'll be told.

Donald Trump: But I think we'll have a good relationship with China, and I think we'll have a good relationship with everybody. Look, Russia would have never happened. I had a very good relationship with Putin, and it would have never ever happened if I were president. Zero chance. He understood that, too.

Mark Levin: I think people confuse the fact when you say, "I get along with them," that somehow, you're not going to look out for America.

Donald Trump: No, it's the opposite.

Mark Levin: But I think they purposely project it out. "Look at that. He says he's going to get along." You get along for the purpose of --

Donald Trump: Of safety, of not being in wars. But I got along with him through strength. Look, Russia, building the largest pipeline in the world. I terminated it. Nord Stream 2, it's called. Nobody ever heard of Nord Stream 2. You might have heard, but not too many people did. I terminated it. There was a pipeline that was going to service all of Europe, Germany, in particular.

Donald Trump: I said to Germany, "What are you doing? We're defending you with NATO, and you're buying -- you're giving the people we're defending you against billions of dollars a month? What kind of a deal is this?" And I ended it. And nobody was tougher to Russia than me, but we were having a problem. You had Adam Shifty Schiff and all these bad people, including Hillary and others, coming up with this Russia hoax.

Donald Trump: And I told Putin, I said, "You know, it's a shame because we could have done a lot of business, the countries together, but with this whole fake thing that's going on..." And he understood that. I said, "It's a fake deal." He said -- he actually said to me, he said, "It's tough to make a deal now." I said, "You're right. It's tough."

Donald Trump: They created a fake narrative, this Russia, Russia, Russia hoax. It was a hoax, and we could have had a much different relationship with Russia. I will say this, between Obama and Biden, they pushed Russia into the arms of China. And I've always said that would be the worst thing that can happen in terms of the world.

Donald Trump: But Russia, who's a natural enemy of China because of land, is now friends because of Biden and Obama, not because of me. I actually would've gone a lot faster, not because of me. But Russia would've never gone into Ukraine. And China paid me hundreds of billions of dollars, and then they say, "Oh, you're soft in China."

Donald Trump: I remember President Xi said, "If you're soft to me, I'd hate to see if you are bad." By the way, Putin said the exact same thing. "If you're soft, I'd hate to see you bad." This is a good thing. You know the press. If I said get along with him great, the press would say, "Oh, he said he gets along with him great."

Donald Trump: No. This is a good thing. This is a smart thing. We have the enemy outside, which would be the very standard countries, and we have the enemy from within. We have some very sick people from within. I think that the people that go around indicting their political opponent, especially when their political opponent didn't want to do it to them -- I could have done it so easy.

Donald Trump: I didn't want to do it. I thought it would have been so bad. But you know, you're trying to bring unity in. Can you imagine the president of the United States, his wife, being put in a jail cell someplace, who is also secretary of state? But their thinking is different. Honestly, they're very vicious people, and they're very bad for our country.

Mark Levin: Kamala Harris is attacking tariffs. She says it's a middle-class tax increase. Did they repeal your tariffs?

Donald Trump: No. No. Too much money.

Mark Levin: Did Biden not talk about adding more tariffs?

Donald Trump: He's talking about it now because it's so much money. No. I got it right on tariffs.

Mark Levin: So, why would you be raising taxes on the middle class with tariffs but they would not?

Donald Trump: Yeah. It's not a tax on the middle class. It's a tax on another country. If you look at McKinley, who was actually a great president, he made the country rich. He's probably the richest we ever were, relatively. But he taxed countries for coming in and taking our jobs, for bringing us their product, for taking away our factories because they would make it and come in.

Donald Trump: And he taxed them. It was called a tariff. And it's not a tax on people. You know, I had billions of dollars of tariffs on China. No other president took in anything. Billions and billions of dollars. We had no inflation. We had the best economy we ever had. We had the best economy we ever had. And because of the amount of the tariffs, I stopped China from dumping steel.

Donald Trump: They were destroying our steel industry. And I stopped them from -- I put a 50% tariff on all China steel coming in. It saved -- the people in the steel industry love me. Now, of course, that's now gone because we've been so bad. We've been so bad. But the one thing, they want to end the tariffs because they want to do favors to the people that gave them money in some cases.

Donald Trump: Some of these people are very dishonest working for us, and you see that every day. But you know what? It's so much money that Biden hasn't been able to get rid of the tariffs. If you put tariffs on, as an example, Mexico, where the cars are coming in, they're going to build the car factories in the United States instead of building them in Mexico.

Donald Trump: Right now, China's building two major car factories, the biggest manufacturing plants, the biggest maybe anywhere in the world. A friend of mine does that. He builds -- that's what he does. He builds car factories. If you ask him -- and I say this respectfully, if you ask him to go across the street, he can't do it, but he can build the greatest car factory that you've ever seen, all robotic.

Donald Trump: So, they're building these massive car factories in Mexico. And what I do is tax the hell out of them if they want to send cars in because if they allow those cars to pour in here with no tax, with no anything, you are not going to have any jobs in Detroit, anywhere in Michigan. You're not going to have any jobs anywhere in South Carolina and all the other places that we build cars.

Donald Trump: And already, over the last -- I stopped it during my years. But over the last 30 years, we've lost 57% of our car manufacturing business. I'll bring every one of those jobs back. All I have to do is say, "I'm sorry. You can build us cars, but you got to build them in the United States." And you know what? They'll do it.

Donald Trump: But we have a lot of potential. We have tremendous potential. We can save our country. But if she gets elected, our country is finished.

Mark Levin: The book goes through not just the presidency, the campaign, your family, and your life, "SAVE AMERICA." And I want the American people to know that in this book, "SAVE AMERICA," you'll be able to see these fantastic photographs. You'll be able to see everything we've discussed and a whole lot more, including your personal life.

Mark Levin: You love golf. There's other things to you and so forth and so on. So, I don't interview you much. I try not to bother you. But I want to thank you for sitting down with us. I think this is a very crucial time in American history, and I want to do my little bit to make sure the American people can hear from you directly about what you feel and how you think. I want to thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Mark Levin: God bless you. Take care of yourself.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Mark.