Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-chris-stigall-show-podcast-philadelphia-june-22-2024

Chris Stigall: Mr. President.

Donald Trump: How are you?

Chris Stigall: I'm well, sir.

Donald Trump: Nice to see you.

Chris Stigall: Such an honor. Great to see you, sir.

Donald Trump: It's my honor.

Chris Stigall: Thank you so much for your time today.

Donald Trump: Good. Thank you. Always, Chris.

Chris Stigall: And we'll get rolling. Well, Mr. President, welcome to Philadelphia.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Good crowd.

Chris Stigall: Yes, it is. And I have to say, I saw some pictures from your team of a stop here at a cheesesteak place here in town.

Donald Trump: Oh, that was good.

Chris Stigall: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I haven't sampled it yet, but I will in a little while.

Chris Stigall: A young man was very moved when he saw you, brought to tears.

Donald Trump: He was so beautiful, and I thought he was the happiest guy. And all of a sudden, he just broke down and cried. But he is a beautiful guy.

Chris Stigall: What does that mean to you? I was thinking about it being Father's Day last week. You're a dad. What does fatherhood and that kind of emotion in a young boy mean to you?

Donald Trump: Well, it was such a beautiful emotion, and even the whole crowd was so -- you know, everybody wants hope. The country is doing so badly. They -- we have the worst president and we're just doing so badly, and it's like they just want hope.

Chris Stigall: There were terrible stories in the last just few weeks, from Texas to Georgia to New York and Maryland: murders, rapes children, women. And meanwhile, our Justice Department seems to be targeting parents at school board meetings. And certainly, you know a thing or two about them.

Donald Trump: I do. Me and parents and Catholics, Christians, but Catholics. I don't know what's going on with Catholics, but they're really going after Catholics. The only one they don't target are bad people and killers, murderers, drug dealers. The country has really lost its way. It's lost everything. It's just so bad.

Donald Trump: And we have to win this election. If we don't win this election, it's going to be such a tragedy.

Chris Stigall: Condoleezza Rice made some news saying that school choice was the civil rights imperative of our time, and I was curious what you thought about that.

Donald Trump: Well, I'm a big fan of school choice. I think school choice is a great thing. I didn't realize she felt so strongly about it, but that's great that she does. School choice is a big deal, actually, and we're going to get it. We're also moving the Department of Education back to the states. You know, we're at the bottom of every list, except we spend more per pupil than any other country.

Donald Trump: And we're going to move it back. And, you know, I can't say all states because some won't do as good and some won't do very good at all because they'll run it like they run it anyway. You know who I'm talking about. But many of these states are going to do a phenomenal job. They'll be at the top of the list.

Donald Trump: So, we're moving education back to the states. We'll do it for half the cost, less than half the cost, and we'll get a real education out of it.

Chris Stigall: You spoke with great passion at both the National Religious Broadcasters Convention in Nashville. We saw you there. We saw you in Detroit talk about the issue of Title IX and men competing against women and in their locker rooms.

Donald Trump: It's hard to believe I even have to mention that, Chris, because it's embarrassing even to bring it up. Who would think that men are competing against women in sports? A woman was hurt the other day where a volleyball -- in a volleyball contest. Whoever heard of that? And the ball was hit at a speed. She said -- she was like an All-American player, and she said the ball was hit at a speed that she never saw before, and then she was badly injured, actually.

Donald Trump: You look at the swimming records there being not just beaten, they're being decimated, you know, a record that stood for years, over one-eighth of a second, and they're being beaten by numbers that nobody ever heard. Weightlifting records, that's the worst of all. It's just crazy. And they fight for it. They really believe it. I thought at first, am I hearing things or is it -- are they joking?

Donald Trump: But they're not joking. They're totally serious over it. And you wonder where this ideology comes from. It's a sick ideology. And that's -- in that case, it's so bad for women. It's so demeaning to women. But we're going to handle it. We're going to end up -- we're going to -- first day, I will write it out: No more men competing in women's sports.

Donald Trump: I'll write it right off the books.

Chris Stigall: Russian military vessels right off of the coast of Florida. Mr. Trump, I have no idea what to make of that, but it seemed like it was met with a shoulder shrug by this administration.

Donald Trump: And nobody talks about it. I mean, think of it. You have submarines and you have destroyers, you have boats, big -- a big deal, right off, essentially, the coast of Miami, OK? It's right off the coast of Florida, and Cuba is right there. And it's like nobody talks about it, including the fake news. I don't hear -- you're the first one that's really spoken about it. Congratulations.

Donald Trump: But no, it's -- we're a failing nation right now. We're a failing nation. We're not respected. And I've never seen anything like it.

Chris Stigall: It reminds me of the Chinese spy balloon. A very similar story.

Donald Trump: Well, that's true. I think the spy balloon wasn't as bad. I mean, to me, to have a submarine, Russian submarine right next to our shore. And who knows what's on that submarine? And -- and a lot of other boats, too, military boats. So, ships. So, it's pretty -- pretty sad. No, the balloon was a bad story, but you shoot it down before it crosses.

Donald Trump: You don't shoot it down after it's already crossed.

Chris Stigall: Joe Biden at Camp David. As you and I stand here, your debate is Thursday with him. No audience. CNN controls the mics. Dana Bash, Jake Tapper, how do you feel about that matchup?

Donald Trump: Well, it's probably one-on-three, and I've been doing this for a long time, though. It's -- it's unfortunate that the country is divided like this. I think Joe Biden has divided the country more than any other president. He's the worst president we've ever had, and so -- in every way. There's not one way in which you consider him to be even a modestly good president.

Donald Trump: But we'll handle that. And people say, "How are you preparing?" I'm preparing by taking questions from you and others. If you think about it, we had a great meeting just now in Philadelphia with the -- at the -- at the shop. You saw that with all the wonderful people. We just left Faith and Freedom in D.C., and that was incredible.

Donald Trump: We had an incredible crowd. You probably saw it. And that means a lot. Ralph Reed has done a fantastic job. So -- but I'm preparing by dealing with you. You're tougher than all of them, right?

Chris Stigall: Well, it is a real pleasure to be here, sir. I know you've got a lot of fans waiting, so it's -- I welcome you to town, sir, and thank you so much for your time.

Donald Trump: You've been a great friend. Thank you very much, Chris. Appreciate it. Thank you.

Chris Stigall: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Have fun.

Chris Stigall: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Wow. [Audience chants "U.S.A."]