Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-barbara-barr-wgal-news-8-harrisburg-may-7-2024

Barbara Barr: Former President Trump, this is Barbara Barr at WGAL TV. Thank you so much for joining us this morning.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you, Barbara.

Barbara Barr: Pennsylvania, a battleground state, 19 electoral votes. You won the primary, but Nikki Haley attained 16% of the vote. Are you concerned about that number and what do you say to those voters?

Donald Trump: Well, that's a very small number because she was campaigning, she was spending millions of dollars. She was getting it from Democrats, frankly, much -- much of that money. And she got 16%. I got a record number. I got the highest vote ever attained in the state. And all of those people are going to come to me because what's -- first of all, what's their choice?

Donald Trump: Biden? He's the worst president in the history of our country. There's never been a president so bad. So, he's incompetent. So, they're all coming to me. We see it already. They're all coming to me.

Barbara Barr: What's your stance on women's reproductive rights?

Donald Trump: Well, we have something that's very big. The Roe v. Wade was terminated by the United States Supreme Court. And now, it's states' rights. It's all states' rights. This is something they've wanted to do, Barbara, for many, many years. They've tried to cancel Roe v. Wade because all legal scholars, all states, most states, they wanted the state to control.

Donald Trump: And that's what we've got. And now, the states are working it out. If you look at Ohio, they worked something out and it came out far more liberal, I would say, than they thought. But it's all being worked out and it's working out to -- to where people wanted it. It's a very simple question, actually, and it's become a lot simpler now because, for years, they wanted Roe v. Wade canceled or terminated because it shouldn't be in the federal government.

Donald Trump: And now, it's all up to the states. So, the states will make the decisions. And one by one, that's exactly what they're doing. And there have been some big surprises. Kansas and Ohio, as I said, was a pretty big surprise. They've -- they've given it to the people. The people have taken it over and the people are voting.

Barbara Barr: There are ads running that say that you would support certain states with bans monitoring a woman's pregnancy.

Donald Trump: Well, that would be up to the states. Again, they will make a decision as to how they do it. So far, a lot of states are coming in without that, without any of that. And that would all be up to the states. Everything having to do with that question is now in the hands of the states, which is where every legal scholar, and that's on both sides, Democrat, Republican, liberal, conservative, every legal scholar wanted it to be in the hands of the states, and that's what they've done.

Donald Trump: They've tried to cancel Roe v. Wade for many years. And for most of that time, the whole thing was they wanted it back in the hands of the states so the people in the states could vote. And that's what's happened, and it's working out quite well, actually.

Barbara Barr: There's a crisis at the border. What would you do if you were elected?

Donald Trump: We have to seal it up. Go back to my program. We had the safest border in history. I built 571 miles of wall. We had 200 miles ready to go. We just had to flip it up. And they -- they decided that they wanted open borders to allow people to come in from all over the world, from jails, prisons, from mental institutions.

Donald Trump: They're coming into our country from mental institutions. We're taking everybody.

Barbara Barr: How do you know that? Yeah, some people might be here [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Because all you have to do is -- all you have to do is ask them, "Where do you come from?" They came in. We had a lot of them -- a lot of people came in from the Congo, from jails in the Congo and Africa. We have people coming in from all over the world, not just South America, and many are coming from prisons and many are coming from mental institutions.

Donald Trump: This is not good.

Barbara Barr: You don't think there are some good people? Do you think there are some productive people coming?

Donald Trump: Sure, there are. Yes, sure, there are. There are.

Barbara Barr: Talk about the protests we're seeing on college campuses. What's going on as Israel attacks Rafah? Does there need to be a cease-fire at some point? And what do you think about a two-state solution in the end?

Donald Trump: Well, I said they should get the job over with fast, fast. They'll have to make their own solution, but they have to get this job over with fast and get it done because the world is blowing up around them. So, they have to get the job done fast.

Barbara Barr: There are folks who say that if you are elected again, that you are a threat to democracy because of what happened on January 6th. What is your response to that and would you accept the results of this election?

Donald Trump: Well, look at what's happening right now. Look at -- Biden's a threat to democracy. January 6th was nothing like this. They're ripping down all our schools. They're ripping down our institutions. They're protesting all over the place and very violently, too. They're protesting all over the place. This is a threat to democracy.

Donald Trump: He's a threat to democracy because he's incompetent. He doesn't know what he's doing. And we have a president that's grossly incompetent. He can't deal with Putin and President Xi of China and Kim Jong Un of North Korea. He can't handle them. He doesn't even know who they are.

Barbara Barr: Do you wish, though, that you had accepted the results? There have been other close races and men have said, "Listen, for the betterment of the country, we're going to move on. We're going to accept the results of the election." Would that have been the right course of action?

Donald Trump: No, it would have been a terrible thing because you have to get the election straightened out. You have to fair and free elections -- you have to have fair and free elections. And if you don't, you should always have the right to challenge them. If you couldn't challenge elections, you wouldn't even have a democracy.

Donald Trump: You wouldn't have elections anymore. You have to do what -- you actually have to follow your heart. You have to do what's right. And when you look at what happened with those elections, people, I guess they did a poll. Eighty-two percent of the people think there was wrongdoing and substantial wrongdoing.

Donald Trump: So, no, you have to fix the election so that they work.

Barbara Barr: Mr. Former President, I want to thank you for your time this morning, and we'll look forward to seeing you again in Pennsylvania in person.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Barbara Barr: The economy is always a major issue. Unemployment is low, but some prices remain stubbornly high. What would you do to improve the economy and what's your argument against the Biden administration, which says your tax policies only benefit the wealthiest Americans?

Donald Trump: Yeah, actually, my tax policy, they created the greatest, strongest economy in the history of our country, probably in the history of the world. We had the strongest economy that we've ever had by far. And all Biden did was pick up on it. But he ruined it because he -- he screwed up energy so badly that inflation went crazy.

Donald Trump: And now, inflation is through the roof. They can't lower interest rates because if they do, you're going to drive up inflation to levels that nobody's ever seen before. We have among the highest inflation we've ever had. We've never had inflation like this. And it's sticking. It's not going down at all where bacon and food products are costing double and triple what they were just a few years ago, where gasoline energy is way up and going up. If you notice, over the last couple of weeks, gasoline and -- and just fuel oil, generally, but gasoline has gone way up, and the people see it in the tank.

Donald Trump: I mean, in California, it's over $7 a gallon. And everything else is following it. So, we have to get energy down and we have to get common sense and we have to get taxes lower. He's going to give you the largest tax increase in the history of our country. And he talks about it, but he doesn't know what he's talking about anyway.

Donald Trump: Everybody knows that.

Barbara Barr: But that's for the wealthiest Americans and --

Donald Trump: No, no. That's what they say. This is the thing that created the jobs. We had the best jobs programs ever. We had the best job numbers ever. And you know what they say, it's always for the wealthy, always -- it wasn't. The people that benefited the most from my tax cuts -- I gave the biggest tax cuts in the history of our country, bigger than the Ronald Reagan tax cuts.

Donald Trump: The people that benefited the most were low-income people. They benefited the most. The middle income were the second most. And a lot of it was because of the jobs we created. We created the greatest juggernaut of jobs that this country has ever seen.