Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-town-hall-harris-faulkner-fox-news-georgia-october-16-2024

Harris Faulkner: I want to introduce the 45th president of the United States, the Republican nominee for this year's presidential election, Donald J. Trump. Welcome.

Donald Trump: Wow.

Harris Faulkner: So I have to tell you, I'm getting a little taste of what it's like to roll with you. So, early voting, just so for the state of Georgia just began, and they're already at a quarter-million people in early vote. That will break a record in the state.

Harris Faulkner: And I cannot believe how people come for you already. I don't know if this, but early voting is a sign that people are coming out, as you know.

Donald Trump: Right.

Harris Faulkner: But it's also a sign that there might be a few people who have something to say. So I want to share with you, Senators Warnock and Ossoff, Mayor Bottoms and -- Atlanta Mayor Bottoms -- and Amber Thurman's family have come out on a press call. And they're doing what's called a prebuttal two-hour town hall right now.

Donald Trump: Oh, that's nice.

Harris Faulkner: Yes? And I want to get...

Donald Trump: We're going to get better ratings, I promise. [Laughter]

Harris Faulkner: I want to get your reaction to something, because I was a little thrown aback about how quickly this fight would start. And, oh, by the way, Tim Walz, the governor of Minnesota who wants to be the next vice president, his wife is showing up.

Donald Trump: Where?

Harris Faulkner: Tomorrow, here.

Donald Trump: That's all right.

Harris Faulkner: Yes, she has an issue with the women's issues town hall. All right, so let's take a look at what Senator Warnock had to say. I want to get, for the first time, former President Trump's -- President Trump's reaction to what's going on here in Georgia. Let's watch.

Note: [Begin Video Clip]

Raphael Warnock: [Video clip] If you do not vote, it is a vote -- it's a vote for Donald Trump. It's to send this man one step closer to the White House, which, finally, let me say, will be literally dangerous for so much -- many of the people that we know, dangerous, as we have demonstrated for women. But this man, let me remind the black men who are listening, the men of color, communities of color, he will be dangerous.

Note: [End Video Clip]

Harris Faulkner: You are up with minority voters.

Donald Trump: Yes, by a lot.

Harris Faulkner: Vice President Kamala Harris is hurting right now in that category of voting bloc.

Donald Trump: Right.

Harris Faulkner: And they know all women are at this town hall. This is a prebuttal from a short time ago. Your reaction?

Donald Trump: Well, I would say this. We just got the endorsement of Border Patrol all over, I mean, all over the country, Border Patrol, virtually every sheriff's department, every police department, the Fraternal Order of Police, 400,000 police, the biggest in the country.

Harris Faulkner: Whew.

Donald Trump: We have every -- we have every single -- I don't think they have a policeman or a policewoman single. And we have the border -- we had the safest border in the history of our country. Now we have the most unsafe border in the history of our country. So, when you talk about safety, we had -- it was just announced, as you know, last week, 13,099 murderers were released into our country.

Donald Trump: Drug dealers, drug addicts, drug -- everybody is released into our country. We have never had anything like this. We have never had a mess like this, 625,000 criminals released into our country, along with 21 million people. We have no idea who they are. And that's just a sound bite. I don't know this guy, but he got lucky as hell to win.

Donald Trump: I will tell you that much. But it's a sound bite that they like to use. But remember this. Law enforcement's with me 100 percent. And we have to keep our communities safe. And we have to take these murders that they have allowed to come through open borders without knowing anything about them. We have to take those people, and we have to remove them. We have to get them out of our country.

Harris Faulkner: We're going to get into all of it. I want, first of all, a show of hands, who voted early today? All right. Sounds good. Oh, and they're waving.

Donald Trump: Who did they vote for? I wonder. [Laughter]

Harris Faulkner: That was the first thing you -- you wanted to know, how many voted for me?

Donald Trump: Are we allowed to ask that? Who did you vote... [Laughter]

Harris Faulkner: So, another show of hands. How many of you actually feel good about how the economy is right now? [Audience boos]

Harris Faulkner: No.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Harris Faulkner: You have our first question the economy. We will start there. Your first name please, and tell us your hometown.

Unidentified: My name is Lisa, and I live in the city of Milton. First of all, welcome back to Georgia, President Trump.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you very much.

Unidentified: Americans are concerned about the state of our economy. Democrats argue that your policies favor the wealthy, especially through tax cuts for billionaires, while the middle class continues to struggle these last 3.5 years under the Biden/Harris administration.

Donald Trump: Could you outline your plans to revitalize the economy again as president and policies that specifically support the middle class when reelected?

Donald Trump: Sure. Thank you very much. Great question, and sort of an easy question for me to answer, because we have tremendous wealth in this country, but it's under our feet. It's called liquid gold. And we're going to bring down your energy costs. And, with that, everything's going to follow. We're also going to make it possible for companies to come into our country again.

Donald Trump: We have lost so many businesses. If you're in furniture-making, like in North Carolina, just they're flocking out of our country because we have politicians that don't know what to do. We're bringing them all back. We have a tax rate that's going to lure them. And we're going to protect them with tariffs so they can make money and so they don't get stolen.

Donald Trump: But we're going to have record-setting jobs. And just to know, I mean, the advantage I have is that I have done it. We had the greatest economy in the history of our country. We had never had an economy -- and remember this. We also had the safest border in the history of our country. We never had a border that safe. The famous graph that I looked at, my all-time favorite piece of paper, I mean, even... [Laughter]

Donald Trump: My all-time favorite. I love that piece of paper. But that shows you, that day, the day I left office, the border was the safest it ever was in the history of our country. We had the fewest number of people. We had the least amount of drugs. Everything was -- human trafficking, which is now 12 times higher than it was when -- and it's trafficking, I hate to say this, mostly in women.

Donald Trump: It's a vicious thing, because of the Internet and because of this administration, maybe more so than the Internet. But we had the safest border. We had the best economy. Think of it, a combination of security and finance and all of the other things. And we're going to make it even better. We're going to make the border even better.

Donald Trump: But the border can't -- I mean, we did things with the border that nobody could have done, including built -- we built 571 miles of wall. And that wall worked. Then I got Mexico to give us soldiers, a lot of soldiers, 28,000 soldiers, to protect us. I said, you have to protect us because you're letting all of these criminals come into our country. You have to protect us. They said, we're not going to do it. I said, good. Then I'm just going to tariff all your goods until you do it. They said, like I said, we're going to do it. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: And they gave us -- they gave us the soldiers. So, we had great protection. And we had the best economy in the history of our country.

Harris Faulkner: Ooh, OK, let's get back to the economy. According to America's Health Ranking organization, 70.7 percent of Americans aged 65 and over voted in the past presidential election. So, women are the largest registered and active group of voters. Social Security is important to some women, and people over the age of 65 are a very large voting bloc as well.

Harris Faulkner: You have said that you would not tax some of that Social Security money. How would that work?

Donald Trump: We're not going to tax any of the Social Security money. The benefits, they go to seniors, because what you have done -- what they have done to you with inflation is a disaster. It's the economy. But in terms of really the numbers, it's the inflation. We had the worst -- they say it's the worst in 48 years.

Donald Trump: I say ever. We had the worst inflation in the history of our country. And the ones that really got hurt the worst are people that are on a fixed income, like our seniors. And I said, we're not going to tax Social Security benefits on our seniors. And we're not going to do that.

Harris Faulkner: And we can pay for that?

Donald Trump: And that will a little bit more than even make up to what you lost. I mean, you lost a fortune. You went up, again, they say 21 percent. I think it's 50 percent. And all of that money, you're on a fixed income. People that were buying breakfast, they could no longer buy breakfast.

Harris Faulkner: Yes.

Donald Trump: They have a case, a woman goes up to the counter with three apples and then she says, oh, I can't afford it. She brings one apple back. That's not supposed to be our country. That's not our country.

Harris Faulkner: All right, let's move to a big campaign issue. I don't know if many people thought this would be where we are at this point, but, in the election and in this country, transgender issues have become a focal point in races up and down the ballot. How many of you are worried about biological men and boys competing against women and girls in sports?

Harris Faulkner: Just show me. That's almost the entire -- that is the entire room. And I know you have a question.

Unidentified: I do.

Donald Trump: By the way -- excuse me -- it's so crazy. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: It's so crazy. Your question, your name and your hometown.

Unidentified: My name is Linda, and I'm from Milton, Georgia...

Donald Trump: Good.

Unidentified: ... but, originally, Brooklyn, New York.

Donald Trump: Ooh. I love that. [Laughter]

Unidentified: I would get that in there.

Donald Trump: That's good.

Unidentified: My question is, how do you plan on addressing the transgender issue in women's sports? I have nine grandchildren, six of them female...

Harris Faulkner: Wow.

Unidentified: .. all playing sports, and we are very concerned for their safety, not just on the field and the courts, but in their locker rooms as well.

Donald Trump: Right. It's such an easy question. And everybody in the room and you know that answer. We're not going to let it happen. You look, just yesterday, they had a volleyball match, did you see that...

Harris Faulkner: Yes.

Donald Trump: ... where a person that transitioned, OK -- we have to be very careful, because this can terminate your political career if you say it slightly off, all right? But transitioned from man to female and was on a volleyball -- and I saw the slam. It was a slam. I never saw a ball hit so hard, hit the girl on the head.

Donald Trump: But other people, even in volleyball, they have been permanently -- I mean, they have been really hurt badly, women playing men. But you don't have to do it in volleyball. We stop it. We stop it. We absolutely stop it. You can't have it. It's a man playing in the game. I mean, physically from a muscular stand -- even if it was a little bit less, maybe they do all sorts of tests and drugs and everything else.

Donald Trump: Look at what's happened in swimming. Look at the records that are being broken.

Harris Faulkner: So, how do you stop it? Do you go to the sports leagues? Do you go to the Olympic councils?

Donald Trump: You just ban it. You -- the president bans it. You just don't let it happen.

Donald Trump: Not a big deal.

Harris Faulkner: You have the next question. I know.

Unidentified: Hi. My name is Rachel Shipps or -- Shipp -- S., Rachel S. here from Cumming, Georgia. I'm a single mom to two kids here. And just in 3.5 years, my child tax credit has decreased by 80 percent almost. I...

Donald Trump: You got what? Excuse me.

Harris Faulkner: Her child tax credit has decreased by 80 percent.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Oh, tax. That's -- that's...

Unidentified: Sorry. My child tax credit...

Donald Trump: Right.

Unidentified: ... has decreased by almost 80 percent.

Donald Trump: Right.

Unidentified: Day care, for the lowest amount, is roughly $1,400 a month for one child here.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Unidentified: Last year, I broke my neck. I almost lost...

Donald Trump: You have a beautiful voice, by the way.

Unidentified: Thank you so much. I'm having a panic attack right now. Like... [Laughter]

Unidentified: Oh, my gosh.

Harris Faulkner: Oh, no. Don't panic. We're right here with you.

Unidentified: But, last year, I had broken my neck, and I tried applying for any kind of assistance and was denied because I did not make less than $700 a month. And I'm shaking like a freaking leaf. I cannot stop. [Laughter]

Unidentified: So I could not afford day care.

Harris Faulkner: I obviously was having to go through physical therapy and a lot of issues, and I'm still having issues to this day.

Donald Trump: Right. I understand.

Unidentified: But what kind of realistic changes that do you think you can provide single parents, married parents, any kind of parent to just simply afford children in today's world with the way things are?

Donald Trump: And it's not fair, right? It is not fair.

Unidentified: No.

Donald Trump: You never heard of Ivanka, right? Ivanka. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: My daughter drove me crazy on this. We had the simplest, most beautiful time. I gave you the largest tax cuts in the history of our country, OK, larger than the Reagan cuts, larger -- but my daughter Ivanka she said: "Dad, we have to do tax credits for women, for the child tax credits," that -- she was driving me crazy.

Donald Trump: Then I did it. And I got it just about done. "Dad, you have got to double it up." [Laughter]

Donald Trump: I said: "Ivanka" -- it was actually more complicated than the entire bill, but I got it done. And what we're going to do -- and I'm going to -- because I understand exactly what you're saying. We're going to readjust things so that it's fair to everybody, because it's really not fair to everybody. But we have a lot, and we're going to -- we're going up higher, but we're also going to readjust, because you have to make some readjustments.

Donald Trump: It's unfair to some people. And we're not going to have that. But she was the one that got it started. Those were our credits. Those were not the Democrat credits. A lot of Republicans said, rightfully, don't do it, because we never get credit for that. You know, we're not known for that. But the truth is, I wanted to put it all in the form of the tax cut.

Donald Trump: So I got the maximum tax cut. But we're also bringing down the taxes for companies and for people. We're bringing it down to 15 percent, and for companies only if you make your product, build your product in the USA. Otherwise, you don't get it. So, it will be...

Harris Faulkner: I want to ask you specifically what your vision is for people in this country who are going to have to readjust to price-setting now. We will never go back to what we had. And even though the inflation rate has slowed, the prices are so high, they are just getting higher at a slower rate.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Harris Faulkner: So what happens to the economy such that people can afford bacon that's gone up 28 percent in cost? Like, what do we do?

Donald Trump: So, I feel so badly about what's happened, because this -- none of this would have happened. Just to start, there wouldn't have been a war in Ukraine and Russia. There wouldn't have been an October 7 in Israel. There wouldn't have been this horrible, most embarrassing day in the history of our country with Afghanistan, where we lost 13 soldiers.

Donald Trump: But they never talk about the soldiers that are so badly wounded, I mean, with legs and arms and face obliteration, all these things. And there wouldn't have been any inflation. And it's so sad to see. We have to get prices down, because the damage is done. When they say, well, we're stopping inflation because it went down now to 4.5 percent.

Donald Trump: Well, 4.5 percent is very high, is very high, meaning it's going up, because it was at 3 and then -- but it was at one point, I believe, 40 or 50 percent, because, if you look, they didn't include a lot. They didn't include -- I had interest rates at 2 percent. They went to 10 percent, but at 10 percent, you couldn't get the money. So they weren't at 10 percent. They were much higher than 10 percent. We have got to get the pricing down. It's this big lump. And we have got to do...

Harris Faulkner: So, how do you...

Donald Trump: Well, I will tell you, everything starts with interest rates, if you get interest down, but it all starts with energy. We have more energy than anybody. We don't use it. We go to Venezuela to get their tar. They don't have good -- they have tar. And we have to refine it. We have -- the only refinery that can do it is in Houston, Texas.

Donald Trump: So, if you're an environmental person, this stuff is pouring up. It's the worst stuff. We have the best, most beautiful -- we have the best and the most.

Harris Faulkner: So...

Donald Trump: And we have to get -- if we get energy down -- and I'm making this pledge here, but I have made it a couple of days before, so you know. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: But energy -- your energy bill, which is a very big bill, will be down 50 percent starting on January -- one year from January 20. We take office. If we win this election, oh, and I just -- it's beyond like -- I didn't need to do this. I really didn't. I saw what was happening. And I said, I have to do it again.

Donald Trump: We had a great election in 2020. We had an election that was much better than 2016.

Harris Faulkner: Let me ask you this.

Donald Trump: And I said, we have to do it again. We're going to get the prices down. We can't just leave them up there, because it's going to take too long for people to catch up. That's why I did the Social Security.

Harris Faulkner: Yes. I mean, we have to, like, reset.

Donald Trump: No, it's too high.

Harris Faulkner: I don't know how you reset to prices that are four times what you had.

Donald Trump: You can get the prices down.

Harris Faulkner: So, let me ask you this. How does it...

Donald Trump: By the way, energy brings everything down.

Harris Faulkner: How does it trickle down? Does it work that the energy is also cheaper for the companies, and so the distribution?

Donald Trump: Yes.

Harris Faulkner: How does the pricing actually happen? Because the interest rates have come down, and inflation rate has come down, but it's like we are going uphill constantly with these prices.

Donald Trump: But interest hasn't come down very much, and you can't get that money. Look, it really happens. If you make donuts, you have the stoves, you have the dish. Everything is involved around energy. What -- that's what caused inflation, energy, more than anything else, including their stupid spending on the Green New Deal.

Donald Trump: They spent money, so much money. And that caused it also. But the biggest thing was, they went away from my energy policy. And, by the way, after they screwed it up, they came back, because they drill a similar amount. So, they say, well, we're doing almost as much as he did. The fact is that, four years later, I would have been four to five times more.

Donald Trump: We would have dominated Russia and Saudi Arabia. When I took over, we were number three and number four in energy in terms of production. When I left, we were number one by far. We would have been -- we would have been double Saudia Arabia and Russia combined. There was nobody going to be close. We would've supplied Europe. We were going to make a fortune, including paying –

Note: [Crosstalk]

Harris Faulkner: So, you think we can catch up?

Donald Trump: Yes. When – if your energy bills come down to half, which they will because we have it. Some countries could never make that pledge.

Harris Faulkner: So, is that – real quickly –

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: It's going to bring everything down with it.

Harris Faulkner: We're going to take a quick break here. I just want to make the transition to this. You've talked about electric vehicles. What you're setting up is a point where we can do fossil fuel and survive for a little while before we have to make that next gap – I mean, that next jump? Like, what –

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Look, if you have to make –

Harris Faulkner: -- is this a transition point?

Donald Trump: The problem with electric vehicles, and Elon Musk is a very good friend of mine. He endorsed me like, and you saw him the other night in Butler, Pennsylvania. Was he having a good time [Inaudible])?

Harris Faulkner: We're going to take a quick break. We'll come right back. I want to thank you to our audience, you guys are terrific with your questions. There's so much more to come.

Donald Trump: I like it .

Harris Faulkner: Really, really good. So, let's take a break. Oh, I see you waving your question at me. Oh, good. Well, the microphone is there. We'll be right back.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Note: [Commercial break]

Harris Faulkner: Welcome back.

Harris Faulkner: We have a very lively crowd of a lot of women in the beautiful city of Cumming, Georgia. And you are watching the "Faulkner Focus, Former President Trump Townhall," with all women. And, of course, women's issues are everybody's issues. And we're doing with the voters asking questions. So, please, take it away.

Unidentified: Dear President Trump, thank you so much for everything you have done for this country.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Unidentified: You fight for us in the past, you are fighting for us right now and I know you will fight for us in the future.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Unidentified: My name is Strami Win and my family escaped the Communist Vietnam 30 years ago. And this is my question for you. America is the land of opportunity and this policy welcomed immigrants legally. How different is your policy versus Harris, when it comes to securing our borders and only accepting people to U.S. without causing any issue to our country?

Donald Trump: Yes, on the borders?

Harris Faulkner: Well, and people coming legally.

Donald Trump: Yes, we want to have as many people come in as possible but they have to come in legally. We don't want murderers, we don't want drug dealers, we don't want human traffickers, we don't want people from prison that are being let out after murdering somebody. We don't want to have that. We want to have great people come.

Donald Trump: And that's the sad thing. So many people work to come in our country, and they've worked for 10 years, they're getting ready and then millions of people pour through the Southern Border. They fly them over in airplanes, nobody knew that until about nine months ago. They were talking about the border and like they were trying and all this.

Donald Trump: Look, he's the worst president in history and she's the worst vice president.

Donald Trump: She's worse than him. She's worse than him. And she was made the border czar and she's destroying our country. I don't want to use the word destroyed because that makes it sound like it can't come back. But it's awfully close. She is the worst. He made her border czar. She never even went there. The Border Patrol, yesterday, two days ago, thousands of them, the whole thing, 100 percent, unanimous, every single person, thousands of them, they endorsed me. And they work for her.

Donald Trump: They're not even sure if they're allowed to do it. They said we don't care. She's so bad, we don't care. Do whatever you want to do. We have to have borders. If we don't have borders -- but we also want to have people come in. You know, we, actually, need people. We have – we sort of like, all these companies that we're going to bring in through taxation, we're going to bring in a lot of companies, they've got to have people to work.

Donald Trump: Otherwise bringing them is not going to work either. You need the people. But they're going to come in through testing. They're going to come through like, do they love our country? Can they love our country? We had – Aurora, Colorado, when Venezuelan street gangs have taken over a big chunk of the city. They've taken over apartment buildings. They're in the real estate business, just like I am.

Harris Faulkner: Oh my goodness. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: No, but think of it. They've taken over buildings and everyone's petrified. The governor of the state is petrified. He's a radical left guy. He has no idea what to do. We can't have that. And you know what, and you see it, every state is afraid of this. Even the ones that haven't been hit yet. Springfield, Ohio, they have 52,000 people.

Donald Trump: No problems, no real crime. Beautiful community. They just dropped 30,000 illegal aliens in Springfield, Ohio and it's become a different place. We're going to destroy our country. Our country is going -- it's horrible.

Harris Faulkner: Actually, you know there's more to that story. They are here legally and there are programs that the current administration has put into place to do those flights. So we recently learned -- we didn't have a number to compare it to. So all of a sudden we knew a million and a half people had come in through those flights.

Harris Faulkner: And we know the numbers have lessened at the border because of what they're doing partially --

Donald Trump: For the election.

Harris Faulkner: Right. Well, I mean the timing of it is interesting, right? But the numbers get made up by the people that we can't see in the flights. And all of it is a burden on the economy. So I want to ask you --

Donald Trump: And you know the word is probation. They use a word --

Harris Faulkner: That is -- that's one of the programs.

Donald Trump: In order to get the people in legally, they call them probation. Probation's for prisoners. So they use this in Springfield, Ohio. So you have 32,000 people coming into a 50,000 community. You can't get into the hospitals, you can't get your kids into school. They're taking over the school and they're looking for interpreters because the people that came in don't speak the language.

Donald Trump: I mean other than that it's a wonderful situation. It's -- it's -- they're destroying our country.

Harris Faulkner: So the parole that he's talking about, that parole program that he's talking about is something that has been pretty opaque. And I think now there is a press to find out exactly how many people are coming in through it. We do need to know that. The sustainability of these communities, whether they're red or blue cities or red or blue states is really at stake here.

Harris Faulkner: I have to ask you this, though, because I've spent some time in D.C. and talked with congressmen and women who want to do something on the issue.

Donald Trump: Yeah, a lot of people.

Harris Faulkner: But they're divided and it is a political year. So after November 5th, what can you realistically get done? Because I know you said you will deport criminals and those are the immediate emergency-type items. But longevity in terms of legal immigration in this country, what can you get done?

Donald Trump: Look, we have a country. It grows nicely over a period of many years. All of a sudden they are force-feeding millions of people -- 21 million people came in over the last three years with them. And look, we all have a big heart. We want to take care. We're not going to have a country left. There's no country that can sustain this.

Donald Trump: We're a laughingstock all over the world. They're laughing at our president and vice president. They've never seen anything like this. You know we have another thing. If you touch a foot -- if you put one foot into our country, congratulations, you have a lawsuit. You don't take the person and move the person into -- out.

Donald Trump: You have to go through years of litigation. We have lawyers that wait for people to come in so they -- years. You got to see the court systems. We have thousands of judges at the border. No other country has judges at the border. If somebody walks in they walk them out. Our country is in trouble. We had the best border -- you know Tom Homan. You see Tom Homan on your show.

Harris Faulkner: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: He said we did the greatest job in the history of the border. And all they had to do was leave it and leave those people there.

Harris Faulkner: But they didn't.

Donald Trump: But they didn't.

Harris Faulkner: All right, I want to give Nancy an opportunity because I think you -- you really want to hear this.

Unidentified: Hi.

Donald Trump: Hi.

Unidentified: I'm Nancy. I'm from Milton, Georgia, originally from Ohio. But go dogs.

Unidentified: Yeah. And thank you for coming. Furthering the discussion on immigrant crime along with liberal-run cities where crime is out of control, my son is a Georgia Bulldog, he was on campus the day Laken Riley was murdered.

Donald Trump: Terrifying for all those kids, right? I wanted to know how quickly in a sanctuary city like they are calling Athens, Georgia. How quickly can you remove those threats to our society so that our children can go out on a run as they rightfully should be able to do in a park in the daytime by themselves? It should not be like that.

Donald Trump: And also, I was wondering -- I've watched television all the time, I see your ads. I don't see a lot of vocalness about these sort of crimes, the hideous crimes in your promotion. So I'm wondering why that is.

Donald Trump: Well, we are into it. First of all, we are going to end all sanctuary cities immediately.

Donald Trump: We're going to end them.

Donald Trump: Because they're really --

Harris Faulkner: Is that an executive order you'd do that with?

Donald Trump: But really -- I could do it with an executive order. I'll have to do it with an executive order. You can do it with the Aliens Act of 1798. We can do things in terms of moving people out. We can move them out of the sanctuary cities. You have some liberal crazy people that they fight -- you know, normally you like to understand the opponent.

Donald Trump: Like in business you want to understand what is the opposite, what do they want? It's something you want to try to figure out. Why do they want open borders? Why do they want to do this? Why do they want sanctuary cities? Sanctuary cities are really meant for one thing, to protect criminals. That's what they've become.

Donald Trump: We're going to end all sanctuary cities in the United States and we're going to go back to normalcy. And we're going to have law and order. We're going to -- we have to reinvigorate our police. We have great police. They're not allowed to do their job. If they do their job with gusto, which is what we want, we want them to be fair. And you know the sad thing is you'll always have a bad apple. And you know, hundreds -- hundreds and hundreds of arrests, one bad arrest and it's on the front page of every newspaper and these people are incredible. They want to do their job just like the border patrol. They want to do their job. We're going to let them do their job, and I'm going to give them immunity. We're going to protect them because they do things and they end up getting sued. They lose their family, they lose their house, they lose their pension, they lose everything. The police officers in this country, our law enforcement and sheriffs, everything else, they have to be given back their dignity. They want to do their job. But we've become so politically correct. I mean you look at New York and Chicago and L.A. and every city. All run by Democrats, okay? Liberal stupid Democrats --

Donald Trump: No, and our country --

Harris Faulkner: So Mr. President --

Donald Trump: Our country has lost its way. So it's a good question. In other words, we're going to have law and order.

Harris Faulkner: I want to ask you about immunity. You mentioned the bad apples. Does that not incentivize anyone, if you give everyone immunity, to go after those people on forces that you know you need to deal with? So how do you -- how do you balance that?

Donald Trump: So [Inaudible]) bad apples, they do. You -- 99 percent is -- they're just -- they want to stop crime. You will have bad -- you're going to have a bad police officer. And I've seen it where you have one -- I mean a couple of very famous cases.

Harris Faulkner: So immunity doesn't keep you from dealing with that is my question.

Donald Trump: No, because there are going to be some people you're still going to say we're not giving you immunity. What are you crazy? Look what happened. Look what you've done. You've been terrible. But most of them are -- you know they just want to do their job. They're prohibited from doing their job and that's what's -- we have to allow them to have -- to do their job.

Donald Trump: They're prohibited from -- when you see these hundreds of kids walk into a department store and walk out with refrigerators and air conditioners and the police are standing there watching it and they're shaking. You know why they're shaking? Because they want to do their job. They want to stop them. But they're told you can't stop them.

Donald Trump: You go to drugstores now, you must know this. You go to drugstores. They have glass all over the place. If you want to buy a bottle of aspirin they tell me -- I haven't been in there for awhile.

Harris Faulkner: You have to make a friend in the store to open up for you.

Donald Trump: No, it's like a big deal. But who can run a store like that? And they're all going out of business. So I think we all agree.

Harris Faulkner: You know we're talking about safety, we're talking about crime. Right now Vice President Kamala Harris is playing some comments you made to Maria Bartiromo on Sunday. I don't know if you've seen this.

Donald Trump: No.

Harris Faulkner: And they're using your words to say that you are not for crime and keeping particularly women safe in ads. I want to look at what you said and just tell me -- let's watch it.

Donald Trump: If we have to.

Harris Faulkner: Yeah.

Note: [Begin video clip]

Donald Trump: [Video clip] Two enemies. We have the outside enemy and then we have the enemy from within. And the enemy from within, in my opinion, is more dangerous than China, Russia, and all these countries. Because if you have a smart president, he can handle them pretty easily. But the thing that's tougher to handle are the lunatics that we have inside like Adam Schiff.

Donald Trump: I call him the enemy from within.

Note: [End video clip]

Harris Faulkner: Mr. President, Kamala Harris has said you sounded unhinged and unchecked power is in our future. What do you say about that?

Donald Trump: I don't know, I thought it was a nice presentation. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: I wasn't unhinged. You know -- you know what they are? They're a party of sound bites, fair . Somebody asked me can they be brought together? You know, it's very -- I never thought -- really, I wasn't thinking like they could because they are -- they're very different. And it is the enemy from within and they're very dangerous.

Donald Trump: They are Marxists and Communists and Fascists. And they're saying -- I use a guy like Adam Schiff because they made up the Russia, Russia, Russia hoax. It took two years to solve the problem. Absolutely nothing was done wrong, et cetera. They're dangerous for our country. We have China, we have Russia, we have all these countries.

Donald Trump: If you have a smart president, they can all be handled. The more difficult are, you know, the Pelosis. These people, they're so sick, and they're so evil. If they would spend their time trying to make America great again, we would have -- it would be so easy to make this country great. But when I heard about that, they were saying, I was, like, threatening. I'm not threatening anybody. They're the ones doing the threatening. They do phony investigations. I have been investigated more than Alphonse Capone. He was the greatest gangster. [Laughter]

Harris Faulkner: Oh, my goodness.

Donald Trump: No, it's true.

Harris Faulkner: We have got a question.

Donald Trump: No, but think of it. It's called weaponization of government. It's a terrible thing.

Harris Faulkner: All right.

Donald Trump: They're the threat to democracy.

Harris Faulkner: This is a question...

Donald Trump: Glad I got that out. I'm glad I got that out.

Harris Faulkner: ... on the recent hurricane response, or lack thereof. We have done a lot of coverage, particularly of North Carolina, on "The Faulkner Focus." It's been a tough three weeks. And I know you have a question.

Unidentified: Hello, Mr. President. My name is Jennifer . I live here in Cumming, Georgia. So, the recent hurricanes, as we all know, have had a devastating impact on our country as a whole, and specifically in the Southeast.

Harris Faulkner: What policies would you implement to help families and businesses recover financially?

Donald Trump: Sure. So we give hundreds of billions of dollars to foreign countries, many of which you never heard of, and not just -- I'm not just talking Ukraine. I'm talking about so many countries that nobody's ever heard of, where they're getting tens of millions of dollars a month. And yet this group of people we have in our White House did the worst recovery or rescue in especially North Carolina that anybody's ever seen, worse than almost Katrina, which I guess really set the example, right?

Harris Faulkner: Comparing.

Donald Trump: I mean, they're comparing it to Katrina. They're saying maybe even worse. And then they're offering them like a little pittance and they're negotiating. And I will tell you, Elon Musk did something that was great. He got them Starlink. They called me. Do you know that one of the top people in North -- they had no communication whatsoever.

Donald Trump: And they said, you know Elon Musk. Yes. Because we want to get Starlink if we can. But it's very popular. They don't have it. I said, let me call him. I called him. He had it to them in minutes, literally before I hung up the phone. I said -- I was called while I was talking to him that they -- that he just approved it. The whole -- he's on a different level.

Harris Faulkner: Can you change it? Can you make FEMA better?

Donald Trump: But it was great with me. We had... [Laughter]

Donald Trump: You know what? We had -- FEMA is great. FEMA was so good with me. We had such good people. But they put these radical left lunatics in there. They actually -- when Elon had these Starlinks and they desperately needed -- they had no communication. They're almost like an island unto themselves. They come in. And they were confiscated by FEMA by basically the top people, because they didn't want it to go there.

Donald Trump: And then all hell broke loose, and they got the Starlink. And, by the way, it worked incredibly well. He did a great service. Elon did a great service.

Donald Trump: You know what I like about it? He endorsed me. He gave me the biggest -- you know what? He said -- Harris, so, I mean, look, he's a respected guy. When you can see a guy take that rocket yesterday...

Harris Faulkner: Oh, my goodness. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: ... and have that sucker...

Harris Faulkner: Right.

Donald Trump: ... come back out of space, all burned up, and he's putting it right back where it started. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: I said: "Why do you do that?" "Because I don't want to build another one." He's the only one...

Note: [Crosstalk]

Harris Faulkner: All right. We got to go.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Harris Faulkner: We will be right back with more after this break, and rockets.

Note: [Commercial break]

Harris Faulkner: We have so many voters here, all-women town hall with former President Donald Trump. Thank you. We welcome you back. Let's get right to it. Our topic right now is one that is hot for Kamala Harris and her running mate, Tim Walz, on the Democratic ticket. We know a lot has been said about abortion and how that particular party maybe has an edge with women over this issue.

Harris Faulkner: Your question.

Unidentified: Yes, hello, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Hi.

Unidentified: My name is Pamela. I am from Cumming, Georgia, right here, and originally from Danville, California. So, facing the question of abortion, women are entitled to do what they want to and need to do with their bodies, including their unborn.

Donald Trump: Right.

Unidentified: That's on them regardless of the circumstance. Some are necessary to save their own lives. Why is the government involved in women's basic rights?

Donald Trump: Right. Good. I think it's great. And I'm glad you asked that. For 52 years, this issue has torn our country apart. Every legal scholar, the great ones, every lawyer, but the Democrats, the Republicans, the liberals and conservatives, they wanted it brought out of the federal government and brought back to the states for a vote of the people.

Donald Trump: And, like Ronald Reagan, I believe in the exceptions for rape, incest, life of the mother, strongly believe it. You have to follow your heart. Some people don't. It's a very small percentage, but you have to follow your heart. But you have the exceptions. But we -- what we were able to do is through really the courage of six Supreme Court justices, we were able to do this after years and years of turmoil.

Donald Trump: Now it's back in the states. We have -- the states are voting for it. If you take Ohio and Kansas, it was a much more liberal vote than you would have thought. I think it was 20 weeks, et cetera, et cetera, a much more liberal vote. But now it's where everybody has wanted it for years. And now it's working its way out in the states. Nobody wanted it to be in the federal government. Five or six or seven years ago, they started talking about weeks and this, that. But what they wanted is, they wanted it back in the states for a vote of the people. And that's where we have it. And the states are now voting for it. And, honestly, some of them are going much more liberal. Like, in Ohio, I would have thought it might be a little bit different.

Harris Faulkner: Some of them are not.

Donald Trump: And some of them are not. But it's going to be redone. It's going to be redone. They're going to -- you're going to -- you end up with a vote of the people. And some of them, I agree, they're too -- they're too tough, too tough. And those are going to be redone, because already there's a movement in those states -- I know exactly what you're talking about -- to redo it. It's back in the states, where they can have the vote of the people.

Donald Trump: It's exactly where they want it to be. Remember this. This issue has torn this country apart for 52 years. So we got it back in the states. We have a vote of the people. And it's working its way through the system. And, ultimately, it's going to be the right thing. And IVF -- you had mentioned before IVF.

Harris Faulkner: Right. Let's get this question.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Yes.

Harris Faulkner: Because I believe that's what this is about.

Donald Trump: Oh, I want to talk about IVF. [Laughter]

Unidentified: So do I.

Harris Faulkner: You don't hear that every day.

Donald Trump: I'm the father of -- I'm the father of I -- I'm the father of IVF. So I want to hear this question.

Unidentified: Yes. Hi, President Trump.

Donald Trump: Hi.

Unidentified: Welcome back to Georgia. We are so happy that you're here.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Unidentified: We're all very blessed to be here with you. And thank you for taking our questions.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Unidentified: So I'm the mother of three small children. And I have many friends that have struggled with fertility issues...

Donald Trump: Right.

Unidentified: ... over the years while trying to grow their families. And while they're pro-life, they're very concerned that the abortion bans will affect their ability to access IVF and other fertility treatments. So, although abortion does lie with the states, what is your stance on that? And what would you say to those women?

Donald Trump: So I got a call from Katie Britt, a young, just a fantastically attractive person from Alabama. She's a senator. And she called me up, like, emergency, emergency, because an Alabama judge had ruled that the IVF clinics were illegal and they have to be closed down. A judge ruled. And she said: "Friends of mine came up to me and they were -- oh, they were so angry." I didn't even know they were going.

Donald Trump: She -- they were -- it's fertilization. I didn't know they were even involved in it. Nobody talks about it. They don't talk about it. But now that they can't do it, she said: "I was attacked in a certain way. I was attacked." And I said: "Explain IVS very -- IVF very quickly." And within about two minutes, I understood it. I said, no, no, we're totally in favor of IVF. I came out with a statement within an hour, a really powerful statement, with some experts, really powerful.

Donald Trump: And we went totally in favor, the Republican Party, the whole party. Alabama legislature a day later overturned, meaning approved it, overturned the judge, essentially, approved it. And we really are the party for IVF. We want fertilization. And it's all the way. And the Democrats tried to attack us on it. And we're out there on IVF even more than them. So we're totally in favor of it.

Harris Faulkner: All right, let's talk a little bit with the last few minutes we have about foreign policy. Now, again, these are all issues, in talking with women's voters getting ready for this all-women town hall, that we have been told by all of you -- and, of course, we can look at the polling too. They care about all of it. It all comes down to national security, personal security, and freedom.

Harris Faulkner: So, your question.

Unidentified: Mr. President thank you for being here today.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you.

Unidentified: I want to thank you for coming into a room full of women that the current administration would consider domestic terrorists. [Laughter]

Unidentified: But you're here with us.

Unidentified: So, thank you.

Donald Trump: Sure. That is true, by the way.

Unidentified: My name is Alicia . And I live in the infamous Fulton County.

Donald Trump: A lot of good -- a lot of good -- yes.

Unidentified: I'm a wife and a mom, but I'm also a fourth-generation Army veteran.

Donald Trump: Ah, good.

Unidentified: So my question for you today is this. How do we restore peace in the world through American strength, while also putting America first here at home?

Donald Trump: Right.

Unidentified: I'm concerned that we're still stationed and deployed in Germany, Korea, Japan, NATO, all over the Middle East defending other countries, but we have never been weaker globally or here at home. So how do we get back to a position of strength without having to be the world's police force?

Donald Trump: And if I may, sir, as a West Point grad, I'd also like to ask that, as you work to de-woke our military, that you pay careful attention to the generals that you put in charge at our academies and our ROTC programs...

Donald Trump: Very woke.

Donald Trump: ... and the curriculum there.

Harris Faulkner: Wow.

Donald Trump: I have the answer. I have the answer. I love you. Write my foreign policy, please. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: Because what you just...

Unidentified: Just hire me.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Unidentified: I'm there.

Donald Trump: I was bringing troops back home. I got out of Syria. I defeated ISIS, because it was the only one. I started no new wars, as you know.

Unidentified: Absolutely.

Donald Trump: For 79 years, this had not happened, no new wars. I finished off ISIS. It was supposed to take five years. I did it in a month, month-and-a-half. And, by the way, we have a great military. When I said, do it, they did it. Five years. You know why five years? Because the Washington generals, the guys you see on television, they're terrible.

Donald Trump: They're terrible. The real generals out in the field, these guys are unbelievable. The job they did on ISIS, unbelievable. OK. So -- and you're right about the academies too. It's all going to be changed. We don't have a woke military. We have a couple of woke guys on the top, a few woke people. When I -- I really got to know them during the fight on ISIS, which we won.

Donald Trump: We beat ISIS in like -- it was supposed to take literally five years. And I did it in a month. Our military is great. You could put these guys in a cage and scream woke at them for two years and let them out, and they're coming out fighting. They're never going woke. They're never going woke. Don't worry about it.

Donald Trump: But -- but...

Harris Faulkner: Thank you for your question.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Harris Faulkner: And...

Donald Trump: But I love the -- I love the way you phrased that question. We are -- it's got to be America first. And we're going to help people. But there's no reason for us to have 60,000 soldiers in this country, 40,000 soldiers. And we never get paid. South Korea, we have 42,000 soldiers there. They don't pay. I made them pay.

Donald Trump: Everyone raised hell. And Biden took the deal and he said they don't pay anymore. Not since the Korea -- and they're a rich country. No, we have to -- we have to start. We cannot be taken advantage of any longer...

Harris Faulkner: All right, we're going to end there.

Donald Trump: ... in trade, in the military.

Donald Trump: And I love the way you phrased that question. Thank you. That was great.

Harris Faulkner: Thank you to this wonderful live audience in Cumming, Georgia. It has been a pleasure to get questions from you and to see the engagement here with a candidate. I appreciate your -- your being such great Americans. God bless you all.

Harris Faulkner: And, Mr. Former President, it is great to have you in this great state. So, thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Harris Faulkner: This has been wonderful.