Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-fox-friends-weekend-cain-hegseth-campos-duffy-june-2-2024

Pete Hegseth: Mr. President, welcome to Fox & Friends Weekend.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Pete Hegseth: Thanks for being here. Is this your first interview since the verdict? It's been 48 hours. Where's your head at?

Donald Trump: I'm fighting for the Constitution. I'm fighting for the same thing that you three. I watch you all the time, and same thing that you do. You fight for freedom. You fight for your country. These people are sick. They're sick. They're deranged. I talk about the enemy on the outside and the enemy from within.

Donald Trump: You have Russia. You have China. But if you have a smart president, you always handle them, quite easily, actually. We have a lot of advantages. But the enemy from within, they are doing damage to this country. They want open borders. They want high interest rates. They now want to quadruple your taxes, quadruple.

Donald Trump: All my life, I watched politics, and it was always like politicians want to lower taxes, not quadruple them. There's a whole sickness going on right now. We're doing really well. It's very interesting. Jury came in. It was a tough venue. We tried to get out of the venue, we tried to get out of the judge.

Donald Trump: We tried to get out of both, wouldn't even think about it. We had probably, maybe the worst area in the whole country for me in terms of vote. I'm sure if I sat down and explained it to that section of the world, we could probably make progress, one of the worst sections. They always bring them to these sections.

Donald Trump: DC, there, places where, not just me, Republicans get virtually no votes. But the good news is that I think we've set a record beyond all records for fund-raising. That's like a poll. Another one just came out just before I got in that were six points higher than we were before. I don't know if that holds up. I'm just not sure, but people get it. It's a scam.

Donald Trump: The Republican Party, they've stuck. They stick together in this. It's weaponization of the Justice Department, of the FBI. That's all coming out of Washington. You may think it's Bragg. Take a look at who opened the case. I'm not allowed to talk about it because I have a gag order. I guess the first presidential nominee and the leader, leading crooked Joe by a lot, that's not allowed to talk.

Donald Trump: Maybe they're doing me a big favor. Who knows? But I'm not allowed to talk. I'm gagged. Nobody's ever heard of it. Guys would say to me that aren't as well-versed but they know about freedom and the Constitution. They said they can't gag you. It's all coming out. It's weaponization, and it's a very dangerous thing.

Donald Trump: We've never had that in this country. They do have it in other countries, in South American countries. You know a little bit about it, right?

Rachel Campos-Duffy: That actually leads me to my question. I think for a lot of Americans, what's happened to you feels foreign. This has never happened here before.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Rachel Campos-Duffy: But for Hispanic Americans, people coming from Latin America, this feels very familiar.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Rachel Campos-Duffy: In those countries, people are imprisoned. Instead of going to the ballot box and fighting there, they're on house arrest. They're told they can't run for office. What is your message? By the way, I think a lot of Hispanic Americans, I hear from them, they're scared about what they see. What's your message to them about what happened to you and about how scared they are that our country is turning into the countries that they left behind, the corrupt dysfunctional countries they left behind?

Donald Trump: They are scared. They're great people, very entrepreneurial, great energy. As you know, I'm doing very well with them. I don't think anybody's ever had polling.

Rachel Campos-Duffy: Do you think this is why a little bit?

Donald Trump: I think a little bit. Even before, people understood what was going on and we're doing well with the Hispanics. There's about 15 different names. Latin American, South Americans, South Americans, Spanish, a lot of different words, but we all know what we're talking about. They've always liked me, and I've always liked them.

Donald Trump: I've done well from the beginning. In 2016, I won the entire border along Texas, and they're like 85%. It's been great from the beginning, and now I'm leading. I think I'm leading over this guy, this guy that can't put two sentences together that's destroying our country. Look, he's the worst president in the history of this country, and he's a danger to the country.

Donald Trump: They have misinformation. Donald Trump is a threat to democracy. It's just words. He doesn't even know what it means, but it's like their slogan, I'm a threat to democracy. I'm the opposite. They're the threat to democracy. Now I hear they're starting to go over the lines with Russia, and Russia's getting a little bit nasty, like maybe we'll start using nuclear weapons.

Donald Trump: These people are really, not a threat to democracy, a threat to the country, just to this country surviving, beyond democracy, beyond anything. Now they tell Ukraine, it's OK to start going and popping off Russia. How do we get in this mess? If I were president, there would have been no Ukraine. Not one Ukrainian would have been killed.

Donald Trump: Not one city would be knocked down. The place is a disaster right now. Most of the cities are knocked down. They're saving Kyiv. They probably want to use it a little bit, so they're waiting. They're just lobbing missiles in. Not much they can do about it. But now they want to get aggressive and they want to fight back and it's OK, but boy, that's a big statement, and the N-word is being mentioned, and the N-word is the nuclear word.

Donald Trump: We're probably in real numbers, 250 billion, and Europe's in for about 70 billion. I say, why aren't the European nations, which would be NATO, which I kept together, which I was able to keep together by getting them to pay, they weren't paying. We were paying for the whole thing, practically. There were only eight nations that were paid up, including us, and I got hundreds of billions of dollars from them.

Donald Trump: I said, look, if you don't pay, we're going to leave. We're not going to defend you if you don't pay, and they paid. That's where they have the money now because of what I did, because Obama didn't do anything. He'd go and make a speech. Bush didn't do anything. Nobody did anything. I looked at the statement.

Donald Trump: I'm good at statements. I look at a statement. I said, nobody's paying. We're paying. We were paying for, I'll bet you, 90%. Could even be more than that. Then they take advantage of us on trade very badly, almost as badly as China. Nobody would believe that, but the European nations take tremendous. They don't buy our cars.

Donald Trump: They don't buy our farm products. They don't buy anything. Then we're supposed to defend them, so I said, no, you got to pay up. You got to pay up. One of the leaders said to me, does that mean that if we're attacked by Russia, that means you're not going to defend us? I said, are you telling me you're delinquent?

Donald Trump: That's a real estate term, like delinquent on your rent. Are you delinquent? Yes, if we don't pay. I said, no, we're not going to protect you. The next day, billions of dollars started pouring in. It was amazing. If you said the other, why would they do it? That's what they've done for years. But now they're talking about a different level of war.

Donald Trump: Now they're talking about getting aggressive, but they have to be careful because they're being beaten pretty badly. They're being beaten pretty badly, and what a mess, to think it would have never happened, Israel would have never happened, Ukraine would have never happened and Israel would have never been attacked and you wouldn't have had inflation and you would have had a great military.

Donald Trump: You would have had a lot of things right now that you don't have, and you wouldn't have an electric car mandate which is one of the great jokes of all time. I think everybody should have an electric car if they want one, but they should be able to buy other forms of propulsion.

Rachel Campos-Duffy: Yes.

Will Cain: Mr. President, I want to return to the verdict, and I want to explore something you've said several times already in the conversation. You've referenced these people. I'm sure you've seen the video of Joe Biden when he was asked about the verdict, and he gave sort of a smirk to the camera.

Donald Trump: Terrible. Remember Bragg didn't want to do the case. He came out. He said, there's no case, and how can you have a witness like so-and-so? I'm not allowed to mention the name, can you believe this? This guy's allowed to have shows, television shows, I'm not allowed to mention the name. It's so unfair. But regardless, you have to really play the hand that you're dealt, and then you had a jury that was from a certain persuasion, would have been hard to do no matter what.

Donald Trump: But I did absolutely nothing wrong. Think of it. I hate when they say, a bookkeeping this and that. It's not. It's called, think of it, expense. I use the word expense. Legal expense. I pay a lawyer. He wasn't a fixer. He was a lawyer at the time. I pay a lawyer, and he's a lawyer. It's called legal expense.

Donald Trump: A bookkeeper, without ever speaking to me, because she did the right thing, who's been with me for years, marks it down as legal expense. In other words, I paid a legal expense. It's marked down as a legal expense, and they say that's a fraud. What am I going to call it? Did you ever see a ledger? Do you ever study accounting?

Donald Trump: The lines like about an inch long and an eight of an inch wide. You can't write the story. But there is no story. If you pay a legal expense and you write it down as a legal expense, and then they indict you and they go to a grand jury, and they don't use Bob Costello's testimony. They used almost none of it. They didn't want him before the grand jury because he's very persuasive.

Donald Trump: This judge didn't want him to talk. They shouldn't have allowed certain people to testify. It was totally wrong that they did that. Everyone tells me this is the easiest case they've ever seen to overturn, but they don't care because they want it to last until after the election. Now the only problem they have is that so far my poll numbers have gone up. You explain this to me. Pete maybe can explain it. Maybe Will.

Donald Trump: I don't know, maybe Will can. They're smart in Texas, right? But the poll numbers have gone up substantially. I don't know if that's going to remain that way. They're tired of it, weaponization. They call it lawfare.

Will Cain: You changed your tone at some point during the trial. I would say maybe a bit more hopeful in the beginning, and then towards the end you said something to the effect of, even Mother Theresa couldn't be acquitted in this venue. Was there a moment in the trial that you felt like it turned or you saw that it was headed in a certain direction?

Donald Trump: When you object to something, your lawyers object, good lawyers, professional lawyers, good records. Nice people. I've had a lot of lawyers that weren't nice, and sometimes you're better off that way. These are really fine people. They'd object, not accepted. Not accepted. Not accepted. When the government, meaning the DA, Bragg, when he said something, all right.

Donald Trump: Good. That's fine. Go ahead. More, more, more. But the main thing is just that, this was turned down by the Southern District. This is over years. This could have been brought seven years ago. You know they tried to rush it, because they wanted it before the election. But this could have been brought seven years ago, but they didn't have any attention.

Donald Trump: A case like this has never been brought before, and there's never been a case where a State has gone after a federal election. In other words, that's for a federal. That's for the Southern District to go. Southern District turned it down. We got clearance from the FEC, Federal Election Commission, clearance.

Donald Trump: They're suing saying we violated them, but they gave us clearance. But the charge was written, it was like a weird charge. You'd have a little of this, a little of that, do a little of this, throw a little, mix it up.

Pete Hegseth: Given all of that, we're watching this trial. Everyone's watching it on TV. You're living it. You're in the middle of it. Regardless of all of that, still, when that verdict is being read, what's going through your head?

Donald Trump: It was weird, because we go in, and the judge, it looked like it was a hung jury for a while, and it's sort of the most you could hope for because in the area, it's almost impossible. I've seen it. I've seen people that, no matter how the three of you, we're all sort of similar in terms of we'd like to see strong borders and low taxes and strong military and lots of good things, right, all common sense.

Donald Trump: I call it the party of common sense, and we're people of common sense. Who wants to have an open border where millions of people are coming into our country, right? Millions and millions. Not just from South America. They're coming in from Africa, from the Middle East, from Europe, from all over the world they're coming in, and they're coming in from jails and they're coming in from mental institutions, insane asylums.

Donald Trump: The worst, some of the sickest people, mentally ill people, are being dropped into our country. We're going to be paying for this for a long time. Now I'm going to do the big deportation the biggest ever. Eisenhower did the biggest. This would be bigger. But it's a very tough thing. What they've done to our country is unthinkable that they could do this and so many other things.

Donald Trump: Like you're going to New York, the kids can't have little league games anymore. It sounds so trivial, right?

Rachel Campos-Duffy: Why?

Donald Trump: Because the migrants are living in the fields. They have all tents. Unless you want to play around the tents, it's a little bit tough. It's a little bit tough to play. But when you think of common sense, who really thinks that men should be playing in women's sports, right? It's something I mention all the time, gets one of the biggest applause.

Donald Trump: Where does the mind come from? A man playing, look at the weightlifting records. These weightlifters, guys that never lifted anything before, they're breaking the records by numbers that are unthinkable against women that are the top women. They're the strongest. They're getting blown away. Who would think, the swimming records, the track records, it's crazy.

Donald Trump: It's just crazy. Actually, when I first heard about it, what was it, like six, seven, eight years ago, right? When I first heard about it, I actually thought they were kidding. I thought this was just a funny joke, but they're actually serious about it. They're actually committed to it. Who would want that?

Donald Trump: Who would want open borders? Who would want this stuff? Who would not want to have taxes be low and expenses be reasonable and good schools and all of the things? Who would want to have army tanks? We make the greatest army tanks in the world. I saved that factory in Ohio. I saved it, Lima. I saved it in Ohio.

Donald Trump: They were going to close it. I saved it as actually the president-elect. A friend of mine called up. He said, they're going to close down our army tank factory. We're not going to be able to make army tanks. I said, that doesn't sound good. When I visited, it was unbelievable. The people there were unbelievable.

Donald Trump: They want to make them now an electric, but they don't go far, and they have to pull a wagon because the battery is so big that the army tanks will have a wagon like a child. It's pulling a wagon. That's a heavy wagon too, very heavy. The whole thing is crazy. These people are crazy.

Rachel Campos-Duffy: Mr. President, you've been through a lot.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Rachel Campos-Duffy: In your presidency, what they've done to you, you've got the verdict that just came through. A lot of Democrats have expressed concern that if you're elected, you're going to want revenge. Some of your supporters have said, well, mutually, when you cut where we're just talking about the weaponization of the justice system against political opponents, some of your supporters have said, well, the only way to stop this is mutually assured destruction, right?

Rachel Campos-Duffy: If you do it to us, we're gonna do it to you. You've said, no, my revenge is going to be success for America. You've just had this verdict.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Rachel Campos-Duffy: Do you still feel the same? What's your thoughts on that?

Donald Trump: It's a really tough question in one way because these are bad people. These people are sick, and they do things that are so destructive. Look what they did from the day I got there. I don't know, a lot of people said, we have no choice but to elect Trump, Republicans, because he's the only one that can withstand this.

Donald Trump: Don't forget, if it weren't me, they'd be going after somebody else. I know a lot of the competition. They wouldn't do so well. They wouldn't be doing so well right now. They'd be saying, mommy, take me home. I want to go home. This is brutal. But these are sick people. For instance, the 51 intelligence agents, who thinks of these?

Donald Trump: They think about it just like they say, I'm guilty, and all this information was from so many years before the election. It was before the election, so it wasn't like, oh, gee. The election just started coming out during the trial. They said, oh, I have an idea. Remember Jon Lovitz, the liar? Yeah. I went to Harvard.

Donald Trump: They do that during the trial. Yeah, that's right. It affected the election. This stuff never even came. I never even heard about affecting the election. They're talking about the election of 2016. They're going back. Somebody brought it up today, it was very interesting, on your network. Somebody brought it up and they said, the funny thing is that they're deniers because they're now saying that Trump changed the election.

Rachel Campos-Duffy: That's a great point. You're talking about the intel agencies. Obviously, you remember what Chuck Schumer said? He said, if you tick off the intel agencies, they'll find a way to get you six ways. If you're elected, are you going to reform the intel community? What exactly are you going to do to make sure they don't target Americans like this?

Donald Trump: First of all, if you remember, when I took over, we had a guy named Comey. He was there. I didn't put him there. I didn't want him there. I thought he was terrible, actually. He tried to get me, and I reversed it on him. Some people said he cost over to the election, and he didn't want to. But he was a bad guy, not a capable guy, evil, an evil guy.

Donald Trump: They were doing things. I won't mention here because it's so conspiratorial. I don't want to be conspiratorial. It's too nice a show. But bad guy. I fired him. Then I fired Strzok and Page and this one and that one. I got rid of that whole group of people. We were doing great. We were real. In other places too.

Donald Trump: Pete knows better than anybody. The Veterans Administration, at the end of my term, we had a 92% approval rating. It was at 40% when we took it over. Pete used to call up, just as somebody that we knew each other a little bit, through this stuff. He'd complain about things. He'd also complain about soldiers being treated unfairly.

Donald Trump: A soldier is trained to be a soldier, and some of these guys are tough. If we didn't have them, we wouldn't have a country, frankly. Then they get into a fight, and it's nasty, and they win, and then they want to lock them up for 30 years. We took care of a lot of people, a lot. It was just unfair. They trained them to be killers, and then they do their job against some very bad people.

Donald Trump: I'm not saying good people. I'm saying they beat some very bad people. If you didn't have guys like the ones that we know, they wouldn't last very long. Then they want to lock them up for 30 years. They train them to do their job. They do their job and then they say, let's lock them up. Look, it's a very interesting question and I say it and it sounds beautiful, right?

Donald Trump: My revenge will be success, and I mean that. But it's awfully hard when you see what they've done. These people are so evil. At the same time, the country can come together. I'm saying this, but the country can come together. During my term, prior to COVID, we had the most successful country we've ever had.

Donald Trump: Everybody's up, Hispanic, Black, Asian women, men without a diploma, men with MIT, Wharton, and Harvard diplomas, all of them put together. Everybody was making more money, doing better than they've ever done before. Radical left people, I would call them radical left, were coming up to me and saying, could we meet?

Donald Trump: It was coming together. Then we had COVID, our gift from China. Came out of Wuhan, like I said, I remember I told you that a long time ago. I never changed. It was the Wuhan lab. They made a mistake. By the way, it was incompetence. I walked out to have lunch with his girlfriend, and the scene was set. It was a disaster, OK, what happened?

Donald Trump: But we did a great job. Never got credit for that. Always got credit for a good economy, for taking out Soleimani, taking out al-Baghdadi, I defeated ISIS. ISIS was going to take five years at least. Mattis said, sure, it'll take at least five years. I got it done in like three months. I defeated ISIS. Our military is so great.

Donald Trump: The real generals, the guys that know how to fight. One of the things that I hated to see, and I think one of the lowest points in the history of our country was Afghanistan, the way that happened. I dealt with Abdul, the leader of the Taliban, and I had conversations with him on the phone, and frankly, the media went crazy.

Donald Trump: Why is he speaking to him? It's like I always say, Jesse James, why do you rob the banks? That's where the money is. That's where the killing was. That's where the snipers were, with Abdul. I had some nice conversations. We didn't lose one person in 18 months, and then they took over, and they were killing us. Abdul was a very happy man when I was out, and then they had that disaster, the leaving of Afghanistan, the way they left.

Donald Trump: We were going to leave, but we were going to keep Bagram, which is one of the biggest air bases in the world, cost us billions and billions of dollars to build many years ago. But we were going to leave because of China. Forget about Afghanistan. It's exactly right next to China. It's exactly one hour away from where they make their nuclear weapons.

Donald Trump: Isn't that a great thing that we're going to keep it? We're going to leave 4,000 people and keep it, and keep it strong, right? They gave it up. They gave up everything, and they moved the military out first. You move the military out last. I always say I give a child of five years old, I say, OK, now those are the facts.

Donald Trump: Would you move the military out first? First, we would have taken our people out. Then we would have taken some people that helped us, shouldn't be too many. How many people can you take? But nevertheless, there were people that helped us take them out. But we have Americans left behind. We have 13 dead soldiers, incredible.

Donald Trump: The parents largely, they came here shortly after that, and we're going to have them back, too. They said, well, we won't see President Trump. He'll come maybe for a couple of minutes. I stayed with them for four hours. We listened to music up in the deck. It's beautiful. It was just nice. They're great people.

Donald Trump: They're devastated. That would have never happened. We would have left with dignity and strength. Then you take out your equipment. They left $85 billion worth of equipment. I rebuilt the entire military. $85 billion of it was left in Afghanistan, and the Taliban, they're one of the biggest sellers of military equipment now.

Donald Trump: In the whole world, I think they're number two because they don't need 730,000 rifles. They have 730,000. We go to fight a war. What did they do? What are 37 rifles for every soldier we have? It's crazy. But we had 730-some-odd-thousand rifles. Then we had 72,000 Vehicles, many of them armor-plated. You know how expensive with four-inch armor, four-inch like this on the bottom.

Donald Trump: They sell all that stuff. They're one of the largest, because they don't need all of it. Think of what 72,000 vehicles is. If you take the biggest used parking lot, used car lot in Texas, big Texas, they're big. They probably have 500 cars there. We have 70,000, and many are armor-plated. They had to make the armor where it goes like this because the bombs are so powerful.

Donald Trump: Soleimani, taken out. They're so powerful. But what that was doing was killing everybody on the side of it because it was going like that. It's a tough thing. But some of these things cost millions of dollars and we left it all behind.

Will Cain: I want to follow up on what Rachel asked you, though, because I hear you struggling with it. I hear you say it's a tough question, a bit unsure. You famously said, regarding Hillary Clinton, lock her up. You declined to do that as president.

Donald Trump: Purposely. It's different when you win. I see it tonight, I'm going to UFC with Dana White. I see fighters. They come in with hatred like you wouldn't believe it. It's amazing. It's a little metaphor in life, right? They hate you. Then after the fight, somebody wins, somebody loses. Sometimes they get knocked out, but they hug and they kiss each other.

Donald Trump: It's like crazy. I beat her. It's easier when you win. They all said, lock her up. I could have done it, but I felt it would have been a terrible thing, and then this happened to me. I may feel differently about it. I can't tell you. I'm not sure I can answer the question. Hillary Clinton, I didn't say lock her up, but the people don't say lock her up, lock her up. OK. Then we won.

Donald Trump: I said pretty openly. I'd say, all right, come on, just relax, let's go. We got to make our country great. Think of it. You lock up the wife of a president of the United States.

Rachel Campos-Duffy: But they want to lock you up over 130,000 of an accounting thing.

Donald Trump: A perfectly stated accounting thing. Success will bring the country together because I had it together. Before the China virus came in, I had it together. We really had it together, and and it would have stayed. I think it would have stayed. Everybody was doing better. The country was doing better than it had ever done, and we're going back to the same policies and then some.

Donald Trump: One of the bigger differences I know before I won, I was in Washington, the press says about 17 times. I never stayed over. I wasn't a Washington person. I relied on people for recommendations. I got a lot of great ones. The Economics, Bob Lighthizer, so many people. We had great people, but we also had some that I wouldn't have put.

Donald Trump: I don't have to use their names, but that I wouldn't have put. Now I know. I know them all. I know the tough ones, and the weak ones, and the smart ones, and the dumb ones. We know the strong ones. I think it's going to be very good, and we're ready to go. But the country is really going bad. When you look at all these people, millions of people coming into this country, I really think other than nuclear weapons, which I think are the single biggest threat, not global warming when they say that the seas will rise over the next 400 years, one-eighth of an inch, which means basically you have a little more beachfront property, OK? Think of it. The seas are going to rise.

Donald Trump: Who knows? But this is the big threat. I watched Biden the other night. It's the greatest existential, he loves that word because it's a big word and he thinks he knows. He doesn't even know what the hell the word means. He goes, it's the greatest existential threat to our country, global warming. In the meantime, you get these maniacs with nuclear weapons that can do damage, which I won't even talk to you about, but I know the damage.

Donald Trump: It's the greatest. There has never been anything like it, the power of weaponry today. It will be obliteration, and that's your real threat. But in terms of our country, a real threat are the people that are coming in, that are being allowed to come in.

Pete Hegseth: We're going to move on to some other topics too, but just moving forward, they've set the arraignment date for four days before the RNC.

Donald Trump: That's part of the game.

Pete Hegseth: It is. Some have suggested you could appeal straight to the Supreme Court because of the special nature of this case when it comes to the legal maze that you're still facing. The judge could decide to say, hey, house arrest, or even jail.

Donald Trump: One of my lawyers the other day on television saying, oh no, you don't want to do that to the president. I said, you don't beg for anything, just the way it is. Think of it. They have all my books. For five years they sued me getting my tax returns, right? At the end of five years, they got them. The Supreme Court actually gave it to them.

Donald Trump: That was the end of it. That was it. They never found anything. They hired the best accounting firms. I had a pure gold firm. They call it a gold-rated firm. I don't know what it's supposed to be. Who knows? But with all that, for years you heard about my tax.

Rachel Campos-Duffy: No one looked into the Clinton Foundation.

Donald Trump: They never went all the way with the Clinton Foundation. They never went all the way with the Clinton Foundation, which is sort of interesting, isn't it? That could happen. I don't know that the public would stand it. I'm not sure the public would stand for it.

Pete Hegseth: You're saying if they tried house arrest?

Donald Trump: I think it would be tough for the public to take. At a certain point, there's a breaking point. It's very funny. I watched the radical left and I watched the right, and everyone's always talking about the right. You know, this side, the right, the right. The right's not the problem. When you look at Portland, when you look at what happened in Minneapolis, if I didn't call out the National Guard, which I wasn't even supposed to because the governors are supposed to call them, I'm sorry, you wouldn't even have Minneapolis right now.

Donald Trump: Minneapolis would be wiped off. Remember the CNN anchor? I think it was Velshi. He's standing there. This is a friendly protest. This is very friendly, and then somebody hit him on the knee.

Rachel Campos-Duffy: Mostly peaceful, is that what he said?

Donald Trump: Yeah, mostly peaceful. This is friendly. You look behind him, the entire city is burned. It was like the Second World War. The whole city's burning, the fire behind him. He's talking about it, this is friendly, this is a friendly protest. No, it's crazy. What's going on is crazy. Don't forget, I got millions of more votes the second time than I got the first time, very rare.

Donald Trump: Obama got millions less than he won. I got millions. I got 63 million the first time. I got millions more, close to 12 million more that we know about. That's there. They said if you get 63 million, this is McLaughlin, Fabrizio, the big pollsters, good pollsters. They said if you could get the same number, you win.

Donald Trump: I got millions more. Very rarely does a president get more. They win or they lose, but they don't get very rarely get more. Obama got a lot less. He got a lot less the second time. He went, it's so bad for our country, and I wouldn't have done this. Then I had good Republicans running, and it was the fastest nomination in history.

Donald Trump: I got it very fast. In theory, it just ends like this weekend. You'd find out a normal thing, you'd find out this weekend who would win. I got it. I won it months ago against the competition.

Rachel Campos-Duffy: You wrapped it up pretty quick. This interview is going really fast and I know we have like a bunch of other questions. Can we go with that and we'll keep our answers short so we can get to it? OK. I'm going to start with this one. Americans have lost a lot of trust in institutions, and I think there's been a lot of discussion, especially online, and especially with young people.

Rachel Campos-Duffy: How do we rebuild that trust in institutions? The CIA, the FBI, all those institutions?

Donald Trump: You're right.

Rachel Campos-Duffy: Some people think that one way to build trust is to declassify things that everyone's talking about. I know you talked earlier about, I don't want to be a conspiracy theorist. If you were president, you can answer yes or no to this. Would you declassify the 9/11 files?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Rachel Campos-Duffy: Would you declassify JFK files?

Donald Trump: Yeah. I did a lot of it.

Rachel Campos-Duffy: Would you declassify the Epstein files?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I would. I guess I would. I think that, less so, because you don't want to affect people's lives if it's phony stuff in there because it's a lot of phony stuff with that whole world.

Rachel Campos-Duffy: Ddi you think that would help restore trust?

Donald Trump: I don't know about Epstein so much as I do the others. Certainly, about the way he died, it would be interesting to find out what happened there, because that was a weird situation, and the cameras didn't happen to be working, etc., etc. But yeah, I'd go a long way toward that one. The other stuff, I would.

Donald Trump: I would definitely do the January 6th beyond all of them. How about the unselected committee? They had meetings. They had all Democrats and two failed Republicans, right? Cheney and cryin' Adam Kinzinger. See, Biden couldn't do this interview. Do you think he'd remember cryin' Adam Kinzinger? Do you think he'd remember all these different names, these different folks?

Donald Trump: I didn't know you were going to be talking about this. But can you imagine? The whole thing is crazy, what we're doing. I got to know the leaders of all the countries, and they're at the top of their game. They're very sharp. They're vicious. That's why they're doing so well. Honduras, all of them. I know every one of them.

Donald Trump: They're very streetwise people. You know that better than anybody. They're streetwise, and they're smart. They love their country, or they want to do a good job for their country or themselves, doesn't matter. They're moving all of their bad people into our country. Venezuela just reported that their crime is down 72% in a year.

Donald Trump: You know why? Because they moved all their criminals into the United States. The next time we do an interview, we'll do it in Venezuela because it'll be much safer than being in our country.

Will Cain: You brought up deportations in this interview. How can you implement deportations, and do you think the public will have the appetite, the stomach, for watching deportations on their television screen?

Donald Trump: The second part of that question is so great and so tough. Because the radical left is going to start saying, oh, so you'll get rid of 10 really bad ones and one beautiful mother who they think is guilty of something. Maybe she is, and it'll become a story, or a family that's a good family and came in wrong.

Donald Trump: They're going to show it. Then it's going to always be tough. It's not going to be easy, and we have to use a lot of good judgment. But the way you get rid of them is the local police. The local police know these people by their first name, their middle name, and their last name. The local police are great.

Donald Trump: They're just not allowed to do their job. They're afraid of losing their pension. They're afraid of losing their wife or husband. They're going to lose their house. They're losing everything. One of the things I'm doing is giving local police immunity from prosecution. They get prosecuted when they do their job.

Donald Trump: Like your soldiers, when they do their job, when they watch department stores being raided by 500 people, guys are walking out with television sets and they're told to stand back. They're told to stand back. Do not do anything. They go into these stores, these big stores that have opened two years ago, and they spent $25 million to build a store, and the stores are empty down to the shelves.

Donald Trump: They even take the shelves out. They take everything. The cops are standing there. They don't want to be standing there. They want to do their job. You know who's great? The Border Patrol. The Border Patrol, I know them so well. They endorsed me. They always endorse me. They say when Trump comes back, it'll all be better.

Donald Trump: Biden, by the way, he doesn't need any legislation. He could say the word, close the border. That's what I did. I said, close the border, and it was so bad that it took a little while. I fixed the border originally. That's how I got elected in a way. I fixed it and I couldn't even use it in 2020. In 2016, it was a big factor of my win.

Donald Trump: I fixed it very quickly. Then in 2020, it was so good. I said, let me talk about the border. My people over here, all these geniuses said, please sir, don't talk about the border. It's fixed. I said, let's talk about it, but nobody wanted to hear about it. But now the border is 100 times worse than it was in 2016.

Pete Hegseth: Will asked about deportations, and you mentioned local authorities having more power. What do you do in sanctuary? Because so much of that is, they can't even talk to ICE, let alone work with ICE. If you're going to deport, 5 million, 7 million, 10 million illegals, it's going to require a lot of technology.

Donald Trump: Pete, the people and even the politicians don't want sanctuary cities. They really don't. I've spoken to many people in California, and they're fed up. They're fed up. They can't take it anymore. They don't want it. Even liberal Democrats, they don't want it anymore. You have to end sanctuary cities. They're guarding criminals.

Donald Trump: They're guarding people that are killing people, and you can't get to them. Guys like Gavin Newsom, he's a disaster. He's running it so badly. It's so badly run. I watched him on Sean Hannity's show with that debate. He'll talk like everything's wonderful. It's great. Go California. It's not. It's doing terribly, but somebody has to call him out.

Donald Trump: They have to call him out. But the job of sanctuary cities, it's just so hard.

Rachel Campos-Duffy: I have another question on the border. Just this fiscal year 2024, there's been 74,000 unaccompanied children that have come across the border. In 2023, get this number, 137, 275, you've seen the images of these of these children, 5, 7 years old, 9 years old, 12 years old, and the Joe Biden administration has lost 80,000 of them.

Rachel Campos-Duffy: No one can track. No one knows where they're at. There's probably more, but at least. Will the Trump administration commit to finding these children, to finding them and returning them to their families, to their countries, because many of them have been lost into sex trafficking.

Donald Trump: Many of them are dead.

Rachel Campos-Duffy: It's heartbreaking.

Donald Trump: It's heartbreaking. It's amazing.

Rachel Campos-Duffy: Will you commit to that? Will you commit to finding those children?

Donald Trump: I haven't been asked that question, but the answer is yes. It's a simple answer. Many of them are dead. They have done such a bad job. They have done such a bad job. They go under the guise that they're doing this wonderful job of letting people come in. You know what's also really bad? The caravans. I think I came up with that name a long time ago.

Donald Trump: But from 25,000, 30,000, 40,000 people coming up, the level of abuse and just anger and craziness toward women, the caravans, the mothers put their daughters in those caravans knowing in many cases, the daughter's not coming back, knowing for almost certainty that the daughter is going to be raped, they give them large bottles of birth control pills, the mothers, because they know they're going to be raped.

Rachel Campos-Duffy: I know.

Donald Trump: On the way up all the time.

Rachel Campos-Duffy: It's unconscionable.

Donald Trump: No, the whole thing is incredible. Biden thinks he's doing a favor by allowing. The only reason they have the caravans, because I ended it all. People weren't getting in. We had the lowest number ever the final week that the lowest number that we've ever had recorded number of illegal immigration. I had it down.

Donald Trump: You had them when I came in. You didn't have them anymore. It was really good. All he had to do is go to the beach and let my people do the job. Just let them stay and remain in Mexico. I had a policy. Remember, you think that was easy to get? Remain in Mexico from the president who's great guy, he's actually a great guy, but he likes Mexico.

Donald Trump: He doesn't like us. Tijuana was a mess. Tijuana had to be the fastest growing city. They had hundreds of thousands. They couldn't come into our country until we approved them, and we didn't approve too many of them. Very seldom did we approve them. But they gave up all that stuff that I had. Catch and release.

Donald Trump: I called it catch and release in Mexico. We catch and release in this country. We'd catch a killer, know that he's a killer, and release him in our country. Who would do this? Who would allow this? We ran a great thing. If he went to the beach because somebody convinced him that he looks good in a bathing suit, and at 81 or 82, typically you don't look too great and he didn't have the power to lift those chairs.

Donald Trump: Those chairs weigh about six ounces. They're meant for children and old people, and he can't carry it.

Will Cain: Let's talk about vice president. Pete and I have gone off the wall. We've talked about historically presidents pick vice presidents based upon what states they can deliver. We've talked about the fact that you're looking for, it seems to be, that you might be looking for a fighter. Let's just ask you directly.

Will Cain: What are you looking for in a vice president?

Donald Trump: You always have to say, and I mean it, is if something should happen to the president, you have to get somebody who can be a good president, and I think you have to say that. Then the second thing, I want somebody that can selfishly help me to get elected. But typically, if you look over the years, look back 100 years, it's almost never that a vice president helps.

Donald Trump: You're out there all by yourself. You really are. There's a day or two of hoopla and you pick the vice president, then it goes back. But it's almost never helped. Actually, the one person that helped, I guess you could say, is Lyndon Johnson, because he was a real political animal, and he sort of helped a little bit politically with Daley, etc., etc., I guess, but that's a theory anyway.

Donald Trump: But typically, a vice president doesn't help. I would say somebody that you can get along with, somebody that can help you get elected, and first is somebody that can be a very good president.

Rachel Campos-Duffy: Did you learn any lessons from the last person you picked that will help you either pick or not pick somebody in the next time?

Donald Trump: I feel badly for Mike because he was a very nice person. I got along with him for I'd say 3 years and 11 months.

Pete Hegseth: Debate's coming up on June 27th. How do you prepare for that? You've stated it. Joe Biden's in a different place. What's your strategy coming into it?

Donald Trump: Debates are interesting because I had never debated before, and then I debated a lot. In 2016, I had like 14 debates or something, and it's been good. It's been good for me. It's been worked. I think I won every debate. It was very interesting. In 2016, I said, who are these people I'm debating? Half of them I've never heard of, because they're governors from someplace or they're senators.

Donald Trump: I said, start with Ted Cruz. They said, well, he's the national debate champion. He's the this, he's the that. I said that's not good news. That's not good. I could have done with a little bit less. Maybe I should have started with somebody else. They're talented politicians. For the most part, they're politicians.

Donald Trump: Very interesting. In running for president, 92% were politicians and 8% were generals. Not admirals, right? Generals. That's it. All of a sudden, I'm going in as a business guy and a different kind of a guy, but we had great four years. We were very successful. The largest tax cuts in history. We had the largest regulation cuts in history.

Donald Trump: We had the best economy in history. We rebuilt our military. We had no wars. I defeated ISIS.

Rachel Campos-Duffy: But since you've been out of office, things have deteriorated.

Donald Trump: At a level that's not even believable.

Rachel Campos-Duffy: I think most people agree with you on that. One of the areas I want to talk about, and it's related to the border, but it's much bigger than that, and that's the problem with China taking over the Western Hemisphere. We've had an 8,000% increase coming over the border of Chinese military men. I'd like to know your thoughts on what you think they're doing here.

Rachel Campos-Duffy: They're buying up farmland. But then in Latin America, they're making deals with governments. We're not doing the deals. They're buying up infrastructure. They're buying up resources. They're taking over the Western Hemisphere.

Donald Trump: They're taking over the Panama Canal.

Pete Hegseth: What about the Panama Canal?

Rachel Campos-Duffy: It's crazy.

Donald Trump: We built and lost 36,000 people to the mosquitoes. 36, 000 people died.

Rachel Campos-Duffy: What will you do? Because a lot of people worry about the entire hemisphere now. We used to worry about things far away. This is in our hemisphere. What will you do to stop all the things that are happening from the farmland to all the ways that they're winning in the western, in our backyard?

Donald Trump: If you remember with China, I turned it around. First of all, I exposed China, because everyone was giving everything. Oh, it's a developing nation. I said this is not, we're a developing nation. They have a very rich nation. They're doing very well, but I turn things. I also got along very well with President Xi, but I did something that nobody did.

Donald Trump: I charged him hundreds of billions of dollars of tariffs. We would have lost our steel industry. They had to pay hundreds, like close to $500 billion in tariffs, and that was all turning around, and we have tremendous power with respect to China, but we don't have people that know anything about using it. I had a great relationship.

Donald Trump: But had the election been different, we wouldn't have had Fentanyl coming in. I was with Xi, and we just had a very good relationship. He was at Mar-a-Lago for three days. It was amazing. We had a good bond. Now, I don't want to act naive. These characters out there, they'll say, oh, look, he loves China or likes it, or at least wants to run it very strongly, right?

Donald Trump: It was very interesting. I said, no, he's a smart guy. Is he a smart guy? Of course, he's a smart guy. He's a brilliant guy, the president. He called Xi brilliant. Look, he runs 1.4 billion people with an iron hand. No, he's not brilliant. They want me to say he's not a brilliant man. He's a very tough guy.

Donald Trump: He's a fierce person. He's a fierce person. When he sees Biden, he can't believe it. Can't believe it. He says, what the hell? I think he thinks that they're playing a joke on him. But what's happening is we have tremendous power over China. Right now, we have the largest deficit we've ever had with China, like over $1 trillion.

Donald Trump: That means they're taking in more than $1 trillion. Think of how bad that is, too much. You can't sustain that. But we have tremendous power over China. China built their military because of us. They built all this. They took so much money out of our country. We have great power over China. We can get along with China.

Donald Trump: I will get along with China, but they respected your president. They really did. He respected me, and they don't respect this guy at all. Nobody does. Nobody does. You take a look at what's going on in Ukraine. You take a look at what's going on with Israel. You take a look at all this stuff. It's just the whole world is out of control.

Donald Trump: Viktor Orban, prime minister of Hungary, is a very tough guy. He's known as a strong man. They always say, oh, he likes a strong man. I don't like strong men or weak men. I don't care. He's just a smart guy and tough. He didn't take illegal immigrants. He said, I want Hungarians in my country. I don't need to have my shopping centers blown up. He'd make little statements like that.

Donald Trump: But the European Union wasn't exactly thrilled with him. They asked him recently, they said, what has to be done to straighten out the world? The whole world is blowing up. He said, one simple thing. Elect Donald Trump as president. When he was president, China behaved, Russia behaved, everybody behaved.

Donald Trump: Don't forget, even you guys, Nord Stream 2 was a pipeline being built. Nobody ever heard of it except me. When I got in, I stopped it. Russia couldn't have their pipeline serving Germany. I said to Germany, we're taking care of you with NATO, and then the people that we're defending you against, you're paying billions of dollars a month for oil and gas.

Donald Trump: They said this doesn't sound right. The whole thing is crazy, and I terminated the pipeline. It was dead, and this guy came in and let them build it. But the Russian pipeline was dead, and yet I got along very well with Putin. But you got to be careful with Putin, because Putin, I'm watching him, and he's doing things now that aren't good.

Donald Trump: He's dealing with somebody that has no clue how to play the game. This guy has no clue. It's a very serious problem, very serious problem.

Rachel Campos-Duffy: Yeah, it's a dangerous world.

Will Cain: Let's talk about that in reference to Ukraine then. You've said often, we wouldn't be in this situation if I were president. But we are now in this situation. If you were president again, how do you deal with Ukraine? How do you deal with Putin?

Donald Trump: I think I deal very well with him. We're in a much weaker position because he's winning. Look, we can be nice. I asked Orban, I said, who's winning? If you watch the fake news, you'd think, well, even they aren't saying it now because the spring offensive never happened. The spring offensive was the opposite, But I said, who's winning?

Donald Trump: He said, they are. He said they're a warring nation. They've fought Napoleon. They've fought Hitler. Ukraine is a very small country by comparison with far fewer people. They're running out of soldiers. I would get together. I get along very well with Zelenskiy because, don't forget, he was very honorable with impeachment hoax number one.

Donald Trump: They're all hoaxes. Everything they do is a hoax. I have impeachment hoax number one, impeachment hoax number two. I won both of them very easily, unlike Richard Nixon, who didn't get impeached. He left before the impeachment. His greatest regret, by the way, is that he didn't stay and fight. You know that?

Donald Trump: His greatest regret. He never fought. He wasn't impeached. He was told he was going to be impeached and he never stayed. But the Republicans liked me more than they liked him. But what happens is, Zelenskiy was great because Zelenskiy, they called him and they said, when you had that big magic phone conversation, think of the phone conversations in Washington.

Donald Trump: Here I am, I got a call from one of my secretaries. Could you call him and congratulate him on his victory, meaning he just got elected president. I didn't do it. I didn't do it. I didn't do it. After 10 times I said, oh, I'll call him. Thanks. I got impeached. That was Rick Perry, another genius, greatest debater ever, right?

Donald Trump: Rick Perry and his debating skills. He calls me up, and he says, could you call him? Now he meant it well, because he liked the energy. I think it was the energy and stuff. I call him up, and when they called him and they asked him, were you threatened by Trump? He could have done a grandstand and said, yes, I felt it was very threatening.

Donald Trump: Now, fortunately, the call was taped. If the call wasn't taped, I might not be talking to you right now, unless we're talking about a real estate project somewhere. Somehow you don't cover them very big on your show. But the call was taped, and it was a perfect call. In fact, when the Democrats heard it was taped, they had already started the impeachment.

Donald Trump: They died. Nancy Pelosi heard that call. She said he didn't do anything wrong. But that call fortunately was taped, meaning they had stenographers, two military stenographers who were incredible. They had every word of it down. It was a lie. The whole thing was a lie. But when they called Zelenskiy, he could have said, yes, I was threatened, and he didn't say that.

Donald Trump: He said, no. That was a very nice call. He said nothing wrong. That was very nice. I have a warm spot.

Rachel Campos-Duffy: Have we given him too much money?

Donald Trump: Yes. We gave him too much? You're just a lady.

Rachel Campos-Duffy: He's mad about it.

Will Cain: You said you could end it on day one.

Donald Trump: I said I could end it before I get to the White House. I expect to end it. I think I can end it very quickly. I get along very well with Putin and I get along with Zelenskiy. I would get him in a room and I would get it ended.

Rachel Campos-Duffy: Good.

Donald Trump: I'll get it ended. I have an exact plan as to how, but I can't tell you that. I can't tell you about like, let me tell you exactly. Let me lay out my cards. No, I will get it ended.

Pete Hegseth: Rachel mentioned the amount of money, which turns the economy. We're $34 trillion in debt. We've printed money we don't have that's led to massive inflation. How do you change that and turn that around to average Americans out there who are struggling every single day, worse and worse, under Joe Biden's economy?

Donald Trump: We were doing great. We were energy-independent. We were soon going to be energy-dominant. I didn't want the Russian pipeline to be built because of the fact. Very simple. I wanted to supply them with the energy. The whole thing was all up. We're going to make a fortune. We have more liquid gold than any country in the world, including Saudi Arabia and then I do ANWR in Alaska, which is the biggest find.

Donald Trump: It's as big as Saudi Arabia. Some people say it's bigger, and Biden closes it up in his first week. The first Department of Interior, the person in charge, closed it in her first day in office. Ronald Reagan tried to get it. He couldn't get it. Everybody tried to get it, Bush. I got it, and they closed it up, but I'm going to reinstitute it very quickly.

Donald Trump: It'll happen very fast, but think of it. We were rocking and rolling. We were energy-independent. We were soon going to be double the size. We were in third place and even beyond that when I took over. We were leading. You have to see it. Russia, Saudi Arabia above them, Russia second, we're third, and then we go like this.

Donald Trump: We were going to be energy dominant. We were doing things. The way you have to solve it is through growth.

Rachel Campos-Duffy: But also cutting, right, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Yes, growth and cutting. The problem I had is we were starting to really rock and roll. We had the greatest economy ever, then we got hit with COVID. If I didn't throw money at COVID, we would have had a depression like in 1929. If I don't win, you're going to have a depression like in 1929. I'll just say Scott, one of the greatest analysts on Wall Street, considered maybe the best, he said the only reason the stock market size because they think Trump is going to win.

Rachel Campos-Duffy: Listen, I think that one of your strongest points is that you're a businessman and people love that you ran this country like a business. I believe that if you got an office, you will get the oil pipes going again. We'll get energy going. I believe that we will grow. But it's really hard when you're a politician to cut.

Rachel Campos-Duffy: Your friend Milei in Argentina, he cut whole agencies, and now they went from 25% growth per month in inflation down to 8% per month, so it works.

Donald Trump: You know he's MAGA. You know that.

Rachel Campos-Duffy: I know he is. He's my friend. That's why I brought him up.

Donald Trump: He's my biggest fan.

Rachel Campos-Duffy: He's a great guy.

Donald Trump: Make Argentina great again. It works out perfectly, right? No, that's what he calls it. He has hats, make Argentina great again.

Rachel Campos-Duffy: But he's cut agencies. Are you willing to make those kinds of dramatic cuts? We have young kids, all of us. I think their futures are on the line. As he said, $34 trillion in debt. I think that means we're paying almost $1 trillion in interest. Is it every month? Every year.

Donald Trump: You mentioned the kids. We're going to cut the Department of Education. Let it be run locally.

Pete Hegseth: You mean end the Department of Education?

Donald Trump: Other than to have a little tiny coordination. It would be nice to make sure that everybody's teaching English. Let them learn English. We're cutting the Department of Education. I was ready to do it before, and then again, the COVID really, if we didn't throw money at that, you would have had a depression.

Donald Trump: We would have been in a depression. When I got out, the stock market was higher than when just before COVID came in. That's going to happen immediately. We're going to do like Department of Interior. There's so many things you can do. One of the things that's so bad for us is the environmental agencies. They make it impossible to do anything.

Donald Trump: In Louisiana, they had these massive refineries, LNG plants, but massive, essentially refineries. 14, 15 years, they've been trying to get permits. I got it done in one day. One day I got the permit. Don't tell anybody, please. I didn't know who the hell was doing it. By the way, they're like $20 billion, massive.

Donald Trump: These are like the Empire State Building laid down times two on its side, all pipes. I mean, it's unbelievable, on the coast, in Louisiana, and I got those things, the first one I got done in like 24 hours. They worked on it for 14 years, and it was terrible, what they were doing. The environmental agencies, they stop you from doing business in this country, and we did a great job.

Will Cain: We asked viewers of Fox & Friends Weekend to submit some questions to ask you. We'd love to ask you a few of these questions on their behalf. I'll start with Lisa in Florida. She says, which Democrat, dead or alive, would you sit down for dinner with to discuss ways to unify our country?

Donald Trump: He's not a Democrat anymore, but I used to get along really well with Joe Manchin. I got along with him. We'd meet a lot. He said, you're doing a great job. You're a great president. When this impeachment hoax started happening, he said, I'll never vote against you. You're a great president. Then he voted against me. I never spoke to him again.

Donald Trump: That was one that I sat down. I'd sit down with anybody, frankly. I want to unify the country.

Pete Hegseth: Laura from Nebraska said, I'm the mother of two army officers. What are you going to do to rebuild our military? And I would add to that, rip out the woke stuff that's happening. All the vets and the service members is embedded in our Pentagon right now.

Donald Trump: You know the military better than anybody. I'd put him in charge. I really would. I often think of it.

Rachel Campos-Duffy: You do a great job.

Donald Trump: I talked to him about it a little bit. We talked about it.

Will Cain: We wouldn't let go of him easily.

Donald Trump: We ended up doing good. The show has to do worse. If the show does worse, if I see the ratings go down, I'm going to steal him. I'll steal all of you, frankly. But no, he would be unbelievable at defense. He would be unbelievable at defense or at the VA. The VA, they did a good job though. They ended up doing a good job.

Will Cain: They're trying to undo a lot of that stuff.

Donald Trump: They're undoing it. We did two things. Number one, I got the right to fire people. We fired 9,000 sadists and horrible people. They were beating up. These people are sick. The other thing I got where if you couldn't get good service, you go out. Pete was driving me crazy about this. We know each other a little bit, but we know each other only in a positive way.

Donald Trump: He would call up and say, soldiers are waiting for three and four months to see a doctor. They couldn't say it, and I got it actually approved through Congress. Now what they're doing is they're ending that. Think of going to the hospital or the doctor with your kids, your husband was great, by the way, he's great.

Donald Trump: He'd fit into this panel very well. Where is it? Look at him. I saw a guy with a pink shirt. I didn't look up, and I knew he would never wear a pink shirt. Wow. Good. I'm glad I said the right thing. He's great. He's a great guy. He's a great champion. He climbs those trees for years.

Will Cain: I want to ask you what Reena in Liberty, Maine asks. By the way, your sleep schedule, your diet, these are things of legend. She asks, President Trump, what is the very first thing you do every morning?

Donald Trump: I don't sleep a lot. I don't say that as a badge of courage. A lot of people don't sleep, and they maybe do. I rarely eat breakfast. It's funny. I love food. I'm too anxious. I really enjoy life. It's crazy. I shouldn't enjoy life. I get indicted. I get impeached. Somebody said, how do you live? You know the most often question I get?

Donald Trump: Two questions. Number one, I get, will they do it again? You know what that means? Very ominous. I said, they're going to try because they can't help themselves. They're bad. But we hope we're going to have them blocked. The other question is, how do you do it? How do you stand up and you get impeached, you get indicted, you get this, you get convicted of bullshit, and they say, how do you do it? I get that question from very big, like you see the cars out here.

Donald Trump: You see the biggest people all over the biggest people on Wall Street. They say, how do you do it? How do you do it? They get a letter from the SEC. That's a friendly civil letter, and they can't sleep for two weeks. They say, how do you do it? And that's one I've never been able to answer. I don't know.

Donald Trump: The reason, I think I can do that is because I know how great this country can be, and it's so big. It's such an important thing that I'm doing. I enjoy doing it. I have obstacles. These obstacles, it would be so nice not to have a phony Russia, Russia, Russia hoax. Look at the Russia, Russia, Russia scam.

Donald Trump: It was just a scam. For two years it went on. You want to do business with Russia, make a lot of money. It's good. Now the worst thing happened. Russia has been forced into the arms of China. This is something that if you're 10 years old studying history, you learn never let Russia and China get together.

Donald Trump: Between Obama and Biden, they forced Russia. I had an opposite problem. I had the hoax, I had the hoax going on. It was harder for me. I'd say to Putin, you know, he would actually say to me, he said, we could make wonderful deals for our countries, but it's very tough. I said it's very tough for me because if I made a deal, they'd say, oh, the Russia deal, the Russia hoax, he loves Putin and all that stuff, so we understood it, but we got along very well.

Donald Trump: Then we had a very good relationship.

Rachel Campos-Duffy: Ukraine and the Ukraine war has obviously brought Russia and China together closer, right?

Donald Trump: It's an access. It's a new access. It's also brought Iran into the picture, and it's brought a little bit North Korea back into the picture. I got along great with him, Kim Jong Un, when I went to meet him, remember? The famous couple of meetings, I got along great with him, I know him quite well, and he's a very smart guy.

Donald Trump: They hate when I say that. We had it going so good, and now all these people that are against us, it's become like a partnership, and a lot of bad things are happening, the Taiwan situation. When you when you look at what's happening now, the whole world is lining up against us, and our allies are getting very weak for us. They're no longer for us. But watch what's happening with China and Taiwan.

Donald Trump: That's a big deal

Will Cain: May I follow up? Please talk to us about you just love life and you and you care about this country. People ask you, why do you do this? How can you do this? Not to mention the rally after rally the energy. But maybe the question isn't how do you do this, but how does your family do this? All the obstacles, these are things you care about, your ambitions for the country.

Will Cain: What about everybody around you?

Donald Trump: I think in many ways it's tougher on them than it is on me. They're good people, all of them, everyone. I have a wonderful wife who has to listen to this stuff all the time. They do that for this reason. All these salacious names that they put in of these people, and I'm not even allowed to defend myself because of a gag order.

Donald Trump: Think of it. But they put this stuff in to create havoc. These are bad people. I know everything they're doing. I know every move they make. I get it. But a lot of people don't. But it's tougher. I think it's probably, in many ways, it's tougher on my family than it is on me. You know my sons. They're great, and they work hard.

Donald Trump: Don's become pretty, right? They went after this, this young guy, Don. All he wanted to do was help the country, and he's been in federal grand juries and things at the beginning for hours and hours about Russia. Think of it. I'll never forget. Adam Schiff was a real sleazebag, probably will become a senator.

Donald Trump: It's hard to believe, but a real sleazebag. He comes out of a meeting, an intelligence meeting, and he says, now think of how bad you are. You make up with Hillary and the others. He knew it was a hoax. Russia, Russia, Russia. He knew it was a hoax. Comes out, and he looks very solemn, watermelon head, with the thinnest neck I've ever seen.

Donald Trump: He's not going to be a football player. His neck is holding up this massive watermelon. But he comes in. This is one of the more unattractive people. I know you're not supposed to say that, so that's OK. I'll be out of politics. But he comes out, and he says, no stupid guy, and he says with such dignity, Donald Trump Jr. will go to jail because of what he's done with Russia.

Donald Trump: There is no Russia, Russia, Russia deal. He's saying that my son, who's a young guy, is going to go to jail, and I call my son. I'm watching this, it's a big headline. Schiff predicts, remember when he said he has all this info, he had nothing, because the kid didn't know anything about Russia. He knew less about Russia than your husband knows, OK, unless they had any trees in Russia that you climbed.

Donald Trump: Donald Trump Jr. will go to jail because of what he's done with Russia. He knows it's a hoax. He's talking about a young man going to jail about something that he knows is a hoax. How bad do you have to be? I call him up. I say, Don, are you OK? Yeah, I don't know what they're saying. He didn't have any idea what was going on. It's a shame.

Donald Trump: He became tougher. Two things happen. You either become tougher, or you go into a corner and you put your thumb in your mouth and you say, mommy, take me home, right? And he chose not to do that.

Rachel Campos-Duffy: I'm glad that that's the case. By the way, having come from a political family and my husband having run for office, what's happened to your family in particular, it just breaks my heart.

Will Cain: How's Melania doing?

Donald Trump: She's fine, but I think it's very hard for her. She's fine. But she has to read all this crap, stuff that shouldn't even be put in the trial. The judge should have never allowed it to be in the trial, and she has to read all this stuff?

Will Cain: What about Barron? People started to focus on Barron recently.

Donald Trump: He's amazing, actually, in a certain way. He is tall, good-looking guy. He's a very good student. He's applied to colleges and gets into everywhere he goes. He's very sought after from the standpoint. He's a very smart guy. He's a very tall guy. He's a great kid. He's cool. He's pretty cool, I'll tell you.

Donald Trump: It's very interesting though. Colleges, six months ago, you look at a college and you sort of want a certain college. Then you see all of these colleges are writing. Maybe you want to go to a different kind of a college because there's plenty of colleges that we also like that are different and they don't riot.

Rachel Campos-Duffy: This is Sharon from Alabama, and I think her question actually ties into what we were just talking about, how do you do this? I know that you've said before that you've been sustained by the prayers of lots of Americans. I've seen pictures of people praying over you.

Donald Trump: It's incredible actually.

Rachel Campos-Duffy: Her question is, she says you've been faced with so much adversity and persecution for years. What's your relationship with God like and how do you pray? That's Sharon from Alabama.

Donald Trump: I think it's good. I do very well with the evangelicals. I love the evangelicals. I have more people saying they pray for me. I can't even believe it. They are so committed, and they're so believing. They say, sir, you're going to be OK. I pray for you every night. I can't say everybody, but almost everybody that sees me, they say it. It's such a beautiful thing.

Donald Trump: You know what's a beautiful thing, too? When you look at all of this bad stuff going on, they have nothing to look up to. They have no God. They have no anything. They kill people. They beat people. They push people into subways. There's just nothing there. Religion is such a great thing. There's something to be good about.

Donald Trump: You want to be good. It's so important, and I don't know if it's explained right. I don't know if I'm explaining it right, no. But when you have something like that, you want to be good, you want to go to heaven. You want to go to heaven. If you don't have heaven, you almost say what's the reason? Why do I have to be good?

Donald Trump: Let's not be good. What difference does it make?

Pete Hegseth: Or they try to create heaven here. Exit question real quick. We'll end where we started, Attorney General. We talked about how you fix the DOJ, how you bring justice back to this country. When we talk to people, people's faith in the system is shattered, absolutely shattered. We've seen it in your fundraising numbers.

Donald Trump: It should be.

Pete Hegseth: Who do you choose? Do you have a name that's top on your list?

Donald Trump: I do. I do have a couple, and one in particular. I made a lot of good choices. I got that one wrong. I was very loyal to one because he was the first senator to endorse me. As soon as conflict came up, he ran for the hills. Actually, the second one, he ran for the hills. When he heard that he was going to be impeached, they were going to impeach him, he was like a different person.

Donald Trump: I had to get rid of him. I would say that that was the one thing. One of the truly important positions is Attorney General. I was very disappointed at both of those Attorney Generals. Jeff Sessions, I don't blame myself too much, he was some position in Alabama, and he wanted to be so bad, and he was the first senator to endorse me. Again, I was sort of a civilian.

Donald Trump: I didn't have a lot of people. I didn't know that many senators. He went to a rally in Mobile. The fact is that we had 72,000 people, so it wasn't that big a shot. But he came to me and he said, I'd love to be Attorney General. I didn't see it. Then he came three, four times, and I said, just out of loyalty, I did it, and he ran for the hills because it's nasty.

Donald Trump: This is a nasty business. This is a nasty world.

Pete Hegseth: How do you find people in the future?

Donald Trump: Barr was threatened in all fairness to him. He was Attorney General. He was a respected guy, and they said they were going to impeach him. I understand that. I said, I get impeached twice, and my numbers went up, which is unusual. I said it's not so bad to be impeached. What are they going to impeach you?

Donald Trump: He had no idea what they were going to impeach, but he was going to be impeached. They didn't know what. They didn't know why. It's like they took me to trial. There's no crime. They were trying to devise a crime during the trial. That's how bad it was. But with Barr, he let me down. He let me down. He let down our country.

Donald Trump: He endorsed me the other day as you saw, but he let down our country. It takes a brave person to do it. People don't want to be impeached. They don't want to be indicted by these scoundrels, who are much more evil than people. I'm telling you, China and Russia, they're not the problem. We have a problem from within that's really bad.

Donald Trump: He let us down. The key where we had Lighthizer and some of these people that were really good, it's the person that's at the top. If you get the right person, it's like magic. It's like, in real estate, you put a good super in a building, the building runs well. You put a bad one in, it doesn't. it's the same thing in a little bit, slightly larger scale.

Donald Trump: But we had great people. I rebuilt the military. We did things that were amazing. One of the things that the people that watch your show should know, we defeated ISIS quickly. I was told it would take five years. I did it in a matter of weeks, right? Fast. They did it fantastically, and I got to know the real fighting generals.

Donald Trump: There's not woke in the military. There's woke at the top. They want there to be woke. But these guys aren't meant for woke. I really think they're like you. They're like this guy. He's doing a great job, by the way. I don't know him. I don't know him like you, but the whole combination, it works.

Rachel Campos-Duffy: Are you going to fire those generals, the woke generals at the top? Because Pete's been talking about it.

Donald Trump: Yes, I would get rid of them, yeah. But see, now I know them. I didn't know them before. I came in. What do I know? I was a New York real estate person. But no, I'd fire them. I would fire them. You can't have woke military. You said it so great. You need people that want to win. They want to win wars. That's what their purpose is, to win wars, not to be woke, but we do have great military.

Donald Trump: You look at what we did. I was the only one in 78 years or something. I didn't start any wars. I finished wars. I got out of Syria. I took our soldiers home. I would have moved a lot of them out of Germany, and I was going to move them out of Germany, not all of them, but I would have moved. We have 45,000. You know what we do by doing that?

Donald Trump: We're giving Germany this massive shot in the arm and then they don't treat us well on trade. But we have a great military, and there's nothing woke about it other than those top guys. I used to watch Milei sit there in Congress and talk about, he's trying to understand this and that mind. I won't get into it, but certain minds, I say, is this guy crazy?

Donald Trump: But it's one of those things. I've gotten to know a lot of the generals because of the things we did. We had some unbelievable wins. As you know, we had some wins with terrorists, the biggest terrorists, the two biggest terrorists in the world ever, I took out. We have some great things planned. It's very important, the people that run the agencies, if you get the good ones, and I think I have great ones slated, but if you get the good ones, it's like magic, and we had mostly good ones.

Donald Trump: You think more about the bad ones. We had some bad ones, too.

Will Cain: Mr. President, you had an eventful week. We appreciate you doing your first interview with us here at Fox & Friends Weekend after New York. Thank you so much.

Donald Trump: I think your show is great. Your chemistry is amazing on television, and congratulations. I don't know what they're paying you, but I think it should be more.

Pete Hegseth: Take one of that one in the bag, Mr. President. Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you.

Pete Hegseth: Thank you very much.