Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-jessie-watters-fox-news-july-20-2024

Jesse Watters: I asked President Donald Trump about Kamala Harris. Here's what he had to say. Who's more incompetent Biden or Harris?

Donald Trump: Well, I would say that he is currently more incompetent. I think at a certain point, he was probably slightly better than her, but not much. Look, he was never known as a rocket scientist. You do know that, right? And I'm talking about 35, 40 years ago. This was not a rocket scientist. This is a guy that got elected because of COVID.

Donald Trump: They kept him in a basement. They wouldn't let him talk. They wouldn't let him -- I used to say, "Where is this guy? When's he coming out?" They ran a brilliant campaign, but is it a legal campaign? Everybody lied about him. He was grossly incompetent then, just as he is now. Now, he's a little bit worse, maybe a lot worse.

Jesse Watters: What will the Trump-Vance agenda look like and how they ever golfed together? This weekend, we flew to Grand Rapids, Michigan, to ask them. Here's part two of our exclusive interview. Have you guys spent time playing golf together?

JD Vance: A couple times. I think the president -- I hit the ball pretty well, but I'm a -- I have a pretty high handicap. And when the president asked me how high my handicap was, he said, "Well, you got a beautiful swing, so you must have a terrible short game," which is true. It is accurate.

Jesse Watters: You might get to work on that. I know you like to play.

JD Vance: That's right, that's right. I don't know if I'm good enough to play that much with you. About once a year is probably all I can take.

Jesse Watters: You guys will be pretty busy.

JD Vance: He plays fast. He's like a -- what are you a scratch golfer?

Donald Trump: Yeah, well, right in that -- in that neighborhood.

JD Vance: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I'm pretty good. I won a lot of club championships.

Jesse Watters: Can Kai beat you at golf?

Donald Trump: Well, I'll tell you what, within a short period of time she'll be able to.

Jesse Watters: Not now?

Donald Trump: I don't want to say. We have -- it's -- let's -- let's -- it's pretty close.

Jesse Watters: You have a rivalry with her.

Donald Trump: Oh, she's going to be good. She's going to be really good. I mean, she's really a top young player for her age. She's incredible, I would say.

Jesse Watters: You probably won't have that much time for golf if you're as fortunate --

Donald Trump: Right.

Jesse Watters: As we expect to get elected. Mexico, are strikes against the cartels still on the table?

Donald Trump: Absolutely.

Jesse Watters: Even against our biggest trading partner.

Donald Trump: Absolutely. Mexico is going to have to straighten it out really fast or the answer is absolutely. They're killing 300,000 people a year with fentanyl coming in. And China, by the way, will do what they have to do. They're going to do it, just like I had to deal with President Xi. But then Biden never took it over.

Donald Trump: They were going to give the death penalty to anybody sending fentanyl our way, and that was part of my negotiation. They never did it because nobody forced it on our side. You know China has the death penalty for drug dealers, etc. And I said they're drug dealers. They agreed with me. He agreed with me.

Donald Trump: Death penalty for drug dealers, death penalty for people that send fentanyl into our country, and that would have made a big -- that would have made a big difference. But you know what happened? Nothing. Because when Biden came in, nothing happened. And I don't know why he's so soft on China, but boy is he soft on China.

Donald Trump: But China is sending -- almost 100 percent of it is from China to the Mexican border. And then it's coming in. Mexico is going to be given a very short period of time to police their border. I'm sure they're going to do not well. And then, you're going to see the action start. And you know what's going to happen? We're going to have -- we're going to have a lot of people living -- they're killing 300,000, 350,000, not 100,000 or 90,000.

Donald Trump: Like, if you say 100,000, it's a lot of people. That's two Yankee stadiums, OK? They're killing 300,000 people, maybe more than that, and destroying families. Even if there's no death, they're destroying families. The families are decimated, and they're destroyed.

Jesse Watters: And, Senator, your mother, victim of --

JD Vance: Yeah.

Jesse Watters: Addiction. How did she kick it?

JD Vance: You know, just she kept on getting back on the horse. I know a lot of families struggle with addiction. I think my message is there is hope on the other side of addiction. You just have to keep on at it. And she's getting close to 10 years clean and sober. But the president's point about this, if the poison that is coming across the border now had been coming across 20 years ago, I don't think that my mom would be here.

JD Vance: And she's a great grandma to our three grandkids, and it's so just good to see her happy and healthy. A lot of families --

Donald Trump: She looked great the other night.

JD Vance: Thank you, sir. I appreciate that.

Donald Trump: She was great.

JD Vance: She was so excited to be sitting next to you and you were very kind to her, and I appreciate that. But a lot of families don't get that chance at a second chance because of that poison that Biden's letting into the country right now. It's funny that people accuse us of being bombastic for saying the cartels, we need to go after them.

JD Vance: What about American citizens who are losing their lives by the tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands, because we won't do something serious about the cartels? That's what's reckless. It's not actually doing something to stop them. I actually believe, Jesse, that the Mexican government, even though they couldn't say that, they want President Trump to be serious about the cartels because that poison is destabilizing their country, too, $14 billion coming into the cartels.

JD Vance: And that was a couple of years ago. It's probably more today. They're not going to be a real country anymore. They're going to become a narco state unless we get some control over this.

Jesse Watters: Yeah, we could be a narco state, too.

JD Vance: We're getting close to it.

Jesse Watters: Are you prepared for the hysteria from the left legally --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Jesse Watters: Bureaucratically when you do mass deportations?

Donald Trump: So, Dwight Eisenhower, who people consider a moderate. He probably wasn't as moderate as people think. But Dwight Eisenhower did the largest deportation ever in this country. He was very big on not -- people not coming into our countries, people breaking our sealed borders, right? And the hardest thing in a certain way is exactly what you said.

Donald Trump: We have to get some very bad people out of this country. And as soon as we grab, perhaps, we take a woman with two children, three children, she shouldn't be here, but she's a nice woman, the children are beautiful, and all of a sudden, it ends up being a front page story of the liberal newspapers, and you're right, it's some -- it's a hard thing to do, harder than a long time ago with Dwight Eisenhower, right? A lot harder.

Donald Trump: Nobody complained in those days. It was -- you know, we had a country that was much different. But we have no choice. We have to get the criminals out. These are murderers. These are drug dealers. These are people that will take women and put them in the trunk of a car and sell them to the highest bidder.

Donald Trump: They'll come across the border, human traffickers, which is, you think of that as an ancient thing.

JD Vance: Yup.

Donald Trump: Actually, it's almost as big as the drug trade now. You wouldn't even believe this. And the reason is because of the internet. The internet has made that into a massive business. Human trafficking, it's mostly in women. And all of these things, we have no choice. We have to do it.

JD Vance: The media will attack us for doing what we actually promised to do, which is get a lot of the violent criminals and the people who shouldn't be here out of here. But one, that's why leadership actually matters, I think President Trump showed during his first four years, he wasn't willing to take on the lying media when he had to, and the country was better off for it.

JD Vance: But you just start with the worst people, right? But before you get into what you can't do, I don't understand why our entire governing class doesn't ask, "Well, what's the part you actually have to do? Why don't we start there and then figure it out from there?" Right? Walk before you can run. Pretty common sense.

JD Vance: That's how it works in business, certainly, I think how it should work in government.

Donald Trump: The problem is Mexico is petrified of the cartels because they'll take out --

JD Vance: Exactly right.

Donald Trump: A president in two minutes. And they're petrified of the cartels. The cartels are running Mexico. And I had a great relationship, as you know, with the president of Mexico. But I had Remain in Mexico. I had catch and release in Mexico. We released them in Mexico, not here. I did things that nobody believed I did.

Donald Trump: They could be done. Remember when I had Remain in Mexico? In other words, nobody could come into our country. They had to remain in Mexico. Do you think that was easy to get? And I got it. I got it because of tariffs. I said, "If you don't agree to it, I'm going to put tariffs on your cars and everything you sell us at a level of 50 to 100 percent."

Donald Trump: And all of a sudden, they said, "We would love to keep them in Mexico. It would be a great honor to keep everybody in Mexico." But we had --

JD Vance: [inaudible]

Donald Trump: But we had great -- no, we have great powers if we had people that knew how to --

JD Vance: That's right.

Donald Trump: Use them, they don't --

Jesse Watters: That's how the blood bath hoax started. You were talking about tariffs on cars from China through Mexico.

Donald Trump: That's right. That's right.

Jesse Watters: Joe Biden calls for unity lowering the temperature and then goes out the other day and says you're a dictator, a threat to democracy --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Jesse Watters: Fine people hoax. Does that language put you in danger?

Donald Trump: You know, it's interesting, I never took it seriously until now because people believe things when they hear it over and over. Biden gets up, he can't read two sentences, he can't put two sentences together. "Trump is a threat to democracy, he's a threat," he doesn't even know what the hell he's saying.

Donald Trump: He couldn't even define the word democracy and he says he's a threat. Then I started realizing a couple of weeks ago, you know, every single time he gets up, he calls me a threat to democracy. And he's actually a threat to democracy because he's grossly incompetent. I mean, that's the big threat to democracy.

Jesse Watters: Much more from Trump-Vance that's straight ahead. Our exclusive interview with Trump and JD Vance continues. Hostages, AI, Elon Musk, and we even asked them some of your questions. Watch. In terms of Ukraine, you get in there. Do you pull funding right away in the middle of a war?

Donald Trump: So, I spoke yesterday as you know, President Zelenskyy called me, and we had a good talk. And I said we got to get this war over. This is a war machine. You're facing a war machine. That's what they do is they fight wars. They beat Hitler. They beat Napoleon. They're fighting a war. And the spring offensive never happened.

Donald Trump: And I hear they had millions of mines put down and they had thousands of Army tanks, meaning the Russians. And I said we've got to get this war over with a lot of Russians being killed, but a lot of Ukrainians being killed. It's a whole mess. It should have never happened. Biden should have never allowed this to happen.

Donald Trump: This was an easy stop. This was zero chance of happening, and it didn't happen for my four years. You know, it wouldn't happen. It didn't happen. And President Putin would have never done it, never ever. Two reasons. Number one, the oil prices were low. I kept them low, I kept gasoline low, I kept oil low.

Donald Trump: And he wouldn't have had the money to prosecute. As soon as these guys came in, the oil went to almost $100 a barrel, which is double what it should be. And all of a sudden, he's got tremendous amounts of money that he didn't have. Russia had. So, they did the war. And in my opinion every single thing that Biden said was the opposite of what he should have said.

Donald Trump: I watched this happening, I said, "He's saying the wrong things. He's saying absolutely the opposite of what he should be saying." I think one of the reasons Putin went in is because when he saw Afghanistan the way we got out. Not that we got out, I was going to get out, I would have been out sooner, but we would have been out with dignity and strength.

Donald Trump: When people saw that like Putin, like President Xi of China, strong guy, strong man, when they saw that, Jesse, they said this is our time. And that's why he went in, in my opinion, that's why he went into Ukraine. I mean he went to Ukraine when he saw how bad we were with Afghanistan. He said these people are incompetent.

JD Vance: That's right.

Donald Trump: They don't -- and we do. We have incompetent leaders, but we have great -- because I defeated ISIS in a very short number of weeks, and they were fighting them for years. We have great military, and they're not woke at the --

JD Vance: Woke, no.

Donald Trump: Because I have generals in there that are great, not the ones on television that you see that you hear the Milleys and the Mattises. We have great generals. These are not woke people. And we have great military, too. And they're not going to be woke even --

JD Vance: Yeah.

Donald Trump: We're going to win, we got to win.

Jesse Watters: Are we going to be able to end the Ukraine war in three weeks?

JD Vance: Well, like the president said, Jesse, the best way to stop a war is to prevent a war. And one of the really interesting things is -- you know, I always talk about how the world actually respected President Trump. And all these crazies and the media say no. That's not -- that's not true. I sit in classified briefings of the United States Senate without revealing state secrets.

JD Vance: People were terrified that if they got too out of line that President Trump would actually hit back and hit back hard. That's the way you establish deterrence, OK? Now, we've already got a war. You've got to be willing to engage in diplomacy and do the things that need to be done. And I think President Trump did that better than anybody.

JD Vance: So, it really just requires leadership. And people -- I think a lot of Americans who aren't maybe decided are saying, "Well, how do we get from four years of President Trump, where we had a relative calm and stability all over the world. And now, it's like every now has a new conflict?" And the answer is you went from a guy who knew what he was doing to Joe Biden.

JD Vance: And whether it's Joe Biden or somebody else, it's going to be the same policies, the same staff, the same diplomats. We need to completely change course and change direction that requires us to elect President Trump.

Jesse Watters: American hostages still in Gaza?

JD Vance: Still in there. It should be a scandal. It should be the biggest scandal in the country. We have Americans, not Israelis. Of course, we want to get the Israelis. American citizens being held by terrorists. the president seems not to care about it.

Jesse Watters: Hostages in Russia, Evan?

Donald Trump: We're going to get them all back.

Jesse Watters: How?

Donald Trump: Well, I'm going to make a phone call, we're going to get him back. We're going to have him back fast.

Jesse Watters: What's your plan for AI?

Donald Trump: Well, we're going to be big for AI. But, you know, AI requires unbelievable amounts of electricity.

JD Vance: Absolutely.

Donald Trump: You know this, do you know we need twice as much electricity as we currently have in our country for AI? But the environmentalists won't let you produce it. They want wind. The wind is blowing today. The whole thing, it's the most expensive hoax in the world. The wind, it kills our birds. If you want to see a bird cemetery, go under a windmill sometime, you'll see a bird.

Donald Trump: You know, if you shoot a bald eagle or an eagle of any kind, they put you in jail for two years. Go under a windmill, see how many eagles are under there. Nobody goes to jail. It's -- they say the environmentalists like them. I don't know what's to like. It ruins everything. And it's a single most expensive form of energy.

Donald Trump: And then, by the way, every nine years, you have to replace them.

Jesse Watters: They're falling apart off the coast of Nantucket --

Donald Trump: [inaudible]

Jesse Watters: Shut down all the beaches right now.

JD Vance: Yeah.

Donald Trump: These are mechanical machines. You know, people think, "Oh, we built them." But you're going to have to replace them and especially the ones in the ocean.

JD Vance: Yeah.

Donald Trump: The salt water just absolutely eats through the steel like it's nothing. Anyway, we have a lot of things to do, and we can do it. We'll do it fast, and we do it with common sense. You know, I call it the party of common sense because 90 percent of the things we've talked about over the years, common sense.

Donald Trump: Like we don't want all electric cars, you want an electric car. It's great, but not everybody wants an electric car. They want to go far, they don't want to pay China, or they don't want to pay too much because an electric car is more expensive.

Jesse Watters: Does Elon Musk hate it when you bash electric cars?

Donald Trump: Well, I love Elon. And I have to tell you this about this. He endorsed me. He announced he's giving me $45 million a month. And yet, I'm against certain electric cars. I love electric cars for people that want them, people that don't want to drive across the country, people that don't want to go long distances.

Donald Trump: You'd have to stop too much. But if you go back and forth or whatever, I think they have a great place. And here's the thing with Elon that's amazing. And I keep waiting. He has never once -- as you know, he endorsed me just recently, and I've been making this whole thing about electric cars and the mandate for electric cars, another mandate for the electric cars.

Donald Trump: And I'll tell you, he's never called me and said, "Could you lay off the electric car thing?" Because I think electric cars are fantastic for certain people. So, right now, you're selling 6 percent, 7 percent. They want you to go to 100 percent all electric and the other day I saw they built chargers like a gas pump.

Jesse Watters: Right.

Donald Trump: Some place in the Midwest, they built eight chargers. They cost $9 billion, and two of them don't work, OK, $9 billion.

Jesse Watters: Right.

Donald Trump: This country doesn't have enough -- the whole world doesn't have enough money to -- we don't have enough money to even think about it. It would cost $5 trillion to build chargers so that we could charge the electric car. And yet, under our feet, we have more liquid gold than any country in the world, including Saudi Arabia and including Russia.

Donald Trump: And we're going to start using it and we're going to start paying down debt and lowering taxes.

JD Vance: The president talks about jobs all the time, the effect of jobs. If you go to 100 percent electric cars, everybody that's making carburetors, transmissions --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

JD Vance: Traditional gas-powered cars are going to be out of the job. If you go to 100 percent electric, Pennsylvania, Michigan become economic wastelands, especially Michigan. Again, another reason it's important to elect President Trump. Drill, baby, drill, right? Drill baby, drill, right? It's such a simple line, but it's true.

JD Vance: Like you said, we have basically unlimited energy resources. We just have to allow our own people to get it out of the ground.

Jesse Watters: Before we let you guys go, there's a few questions from fans real quick. Have you heard DJ Donald Trump with his iPad? Not yet?

JD Vance: I will say that my all time favorite music video is November Rain by Guns N' Roses. The first time I ever played -- I ever sat on his airplane, he played November Rain by Guns N' Roses.

Donald Trump: It's a good one.

JD Vance: So, it was meant to be at least a little bit.

Jesse Watters: OK. JD Vance, what does the JD stand for?

JD Vance: James David.

Jesse Watters: Did you know that?

Donald Trump: Yes.

Jesse Watters: Thank you very much, you guys.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

JD Vance: Thank you.