Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-sean-hannity-podcast-november-5-2024

Sean Hannity: Joining us now the 45th president of the United States, Donald J. Trump. He is -- you're in Iowa today, right?

Donald Trump: I am -- I am.

Sean Hannity: Don't you love the people of Iowa? They're the greatest people. You've got hardworking, you've got farmers that feed not only the entire country, they feed the world. You paid a lot of attention to Iowa when you were president. But they work hard. They live in these cold temperatures in the winter. I mean, 20 degrees below zero, I used to ski a lot.

Sean Hannity: I wouldn't even want to ski in this weather, it's so cold. What's your reaction?

Donald Trump: Well, they're used to it. We had a rally yesterday. We had probably thousands of people. I don't know, it was a tremendous hall, and it was packed to the rafters. There were -- people couldn't get in and nobody was complaining. I can tell you it was really a fantastic day, and we had a couple of meetings with a lot of people and everybody was there.

Donald Trump: I think it's going to be surprising how many people show up. They want to really -- they want to show something, they want to -- they have to win in November. Look, if we don't win in November, if we don't beat the worst president in the history of our country. To you, I can say that because you agree 100 percent with that one.

Donald Trump: He's the worst president --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: -- before that. The happiest person is Jimmy Carter, because his presidency was brilliant by comparison. We have to win and the more we win by the better it looks.

Sean Hannity: By the way, that is genius. He was a rock star; he's a Nobel laureate compared to Biden. You know, I was under fire from early on going back to the 2020 election for just stating the truth, which is Joe Biden is weak and frail and a cognitive mess. And at one point you even thought I was being a little too harsh on him.

Sean Hannity: But we can't have such a weak president if we -- they would like this whole election to be about you, about January 6th, about democracy in peril and about abortion. And then of course, Republicans are racist, sexist -- the usual playbook. But if you ask the question, are you better off than you were four years ago?

Sean Hannity: Or you compare your presidency to Joe Biden's presidency, he fails on every measure. There's nothing that I can point to, and I'm being intellectually honest here, that I can say has been successful. Can you?

Donald Trump: I don't think he's had one thing that's successful and now you just see the ship get blown up and I guess the missile, the ship and I'm just getting the first signs of it right now. And I'm telling people that you know, I'm --

Sean Hannity: You're talking about the Houthi rebels firing on our ships.

Donald Trump: You know, you have the Secretary of Defense who was missing for five days and now they say he's running the war, believe it or not, from his laptop in his hospital bed. And normally you wouldn't believe it but, in this administration, I would. You take a look at Afghanistan, the way they withdrew. You know, I was all set to withdraw, but we were going to do it with strength and dignity, and the soldiers come out last, the military comes out last.

Donald Trump: Move the military out first and that was the end of that. What a decision that was. And you know, we have the same people running this war in the Middle East because now you're starting a war in the Middle East.

Sean Hannity: Well, we've got chaos all over the world and I would bet every dollar I had that President Xi is going to move in on what he said earlier in the year -- what he's calling reunification we know an all-out takeover of Taiwan, in spite of their recent elections. And you've been very steadfast in saying this would not happen under your watch.

Sean Hannity: Why do you say that?

Donald Trump: Well, it wouldn't have happened, It would never have happened and not in a million years. I dealt with President Xi, had a good relationship, but it was a tough relationship. And as you know, we took in hundreds of billions of dollars from China, no president ever took in $0.10, literally not $0.10 in years and decades.

Donald Trump: We never took in anything. China ran us ragged. I took in hundreds of billions of dollars, hundreds of billions with a B, billions of dollars. And it would have never ever happened, that would have -- whether it's -- and I'm talking about Taiwan, but Russia would have never happened going into Ukraine, and Israel would have never been attacked, and we wouldn't have had inflation and lots of other good things.

Donald Trump: What they've done to this country is they're destroying our country, Sean.

Sean Hannity: I can see it. And I've never been -- in all the years I've done this, 34 years in radio, I'm in my 20th year at Fox, I've never been more worried about the future of the country. And by the way, these polls bear that out. I want to get to that in a second. You mentioned earlier that you had a conversation with the head of the Taliban long before you were ever willing to even discuss a possible pullout of Afghanistan.

Sean Hannity: That story has been told, and I just want to hear -- I want you to explain to people how you dealt with the likes of the head of the Taliban, how you dealt with the mullahs in Iran and President Xi and President Putin. Because when I heard that story, I just said that is quintessential Donald Trump. I don't know how much you can tell or can't tell, but from what I know from my sources is you were very clear what would happen to the head of the Taliban if they dared ever go near any American.

Donald Trump: Well, they were killing many soldiers, mostly snipers, and they were killing many of our soldiers, especially under Obama. The Obama administration was losing a lot of people through snipers. They're very good shots and the equipment they had was very good. And a lot of people were being decimated, literally killed, and other people, in addition to our soldiers.

Donald Trump: And I said I've got to speak to this guy, who's the top guy? And his name is Abdul. By the way, he's still there. He did very well. He's got $85 billion worth of equipment, etc., etc. But I said I have to speak to him. And the press went crazy when they heard I was going to make a call to him. I said no, no, no, it was like Jesse James, they say Jesse, Jesse, why do you go after the banks?

Donald Trump: He said, because that's where the money is. So, I say why do I go after Abdul and the Taliban? Because that's where the death was. They were the ones causing the deaths, very similar to whether it's the money or the banks or anything else, that's where the death was. So, I said I want to speak to this guy.

Donald Trump: So, they got him and we, through a series of minor interceptions, we were able to get him. And I spoke to him, and I had a very rough conversation. I would say a firm conversation.

Sean Hannity: And I think you're being a little modest, which is not exactly your forte, because I know a little bit about this conversation from my sources. When you were on the phone with him, wasn't something sent to him that let him know that you knew exactly where he was.

Donald Trump: Well, he said, but why, but why do you send me a picture of my house? And I said, Abdul, you'll have to figure that one out for yourself.

Sean Hannity: {Laughter] I mean, that's got to be one of the greatest stories that the media would never give you credit for. Let me ask this question as a follow up. Were you that tough with President Xi? Were you that tough with the mullahs in Iran? Were you that tough with Putin? What were those conversations like to the extent you can talk about it?

Donald Trump: Right, let me just finish with Abdul first. I had the conversation; it was a tough conversation. He understood that -- I let him know that it will be -- hell will rain down on them like never before. Now you heard me have that conversation with Kim Jong Un before we made peace and before we became able to talk to each other very nicely, to be honest with you, at a minimum.

Donald Trump: We solved that problem because that would have been -- that's North Korea. We would have had -- I think we would have been nuclear war -- if Hillary Clinton, which was an extension of the Obama administration. If she got into office, I think you would have had a nuclear war with North Korea. But we didn't have a nuclear war; I got along very well with him after the first two months, which was very vicious and very rocky with Little Rocket Man and the red button on the desk and all of the different things.

Sean Hannity: I think one of my favorite other stories is when you sent them a copy of Elton John's Greatest Hits with Little Rocket Man on there.

Donald Trump: With the song Rocket Man. But to finish with Abdul though, Sean. So, after the conversation, not one American soldier was killed in 18 months, not one. They weren't killed, they weren't shot at, they weren't sniped, they weren't -- nothing happened until that horrible day. We had a terrible election where I got more votes than any other candidate in history and a sitting president, but the result was very unfair.

Donald Trump: And what happened is it all blew up after I was gone. So many things blew up, China blew up, Iran became rich. Think of it, Iran became rich. And by becoming rich, they now are giving billions of dollars to Hamas and the Taliban -- they're giving it to many, many groups. I hear 28 different groups. But Hezbollah.

Donald Trump: They're giving millions and millions and billions, frankly, when you add it all up, of dollars. Iran gave very little if anything because they were trying to survive. Iran was broke -- when I left, they were broke. I let everybody know if you do any business with Iran, if you buy oil from Iran -- oil is their big deal.

Donald Trump: If you buy any oil from Iran, you're not doing any business with the United States. And virtually every single nation would not buy oil. They were afraid to buy oil; they wouldn't do it. And I'm not -- I wasn't looking to hurt around. I'm looking to make a deal where they don't have a nuclear weapon.

Donald Trump: They're 60 days away from having a nuclear weapon and it just can't be allowed that they have a nuclear weapon.

Sean Hannity: Well, they can't, but Joe Biden immediately went back into the business. First of all, he turned a blind eye to them selling oil, which allows them to continue fighting these proxy wars, including the Houthi rebels and Hamas and Hezbollah. But more importantly, it makes the mullahs rich. And wanted to give $6 million then eventually allowed -- I'm sorry, billion, and allowed $10 billion to be transferred.

Sean Hannity: Were you as tough with Putin and Xi or was it a little more delicate? Or did you speak that -- frankly, I mean, sending the guy a picture of his house basically saying -- you go, you dare come after any one of my troops, I'm going to blow you up. I mean that's a pretty harsh statement and it obviously worked.

Sean Hannity: Were the conversations with Xi and Putin similar?

Donald Trump: OK. So, when I left -- before we get to that, when I left office, Iran was broke, they weren't giving money to anybody. And now they have $200 billion, maybe $250 billion sitting in the bank, in addition to getting $6 billion for five hostages. And in addition to getting $10 billion for supplying some electricity to Iraq.

Donald Trump: But they have $250 billion because all of those sanctions and all of those harsh words that I had with other nations were taken off the table. And Iran now is an immensely wealthy nation. When I left, they had no money, they were broke. They were down to the bottom. They weren't giving any money to Hamas or Hezbollah or anybody.

Donald Trump: As far as Putin is concerned, I actually had a very good relationship. He's a very tough guy, but I had a very good relationship, and he understood that he's not going in. You know, it was the apple of his eye. I spoke to him often about it. I would always talk about it because I knew it was his inclination, but there was no chance that it would happen.

Donald Trump: And he knew there would have been tremendous -- a tremendous problem if it happened, tremendous, beyond anything. And it didn't happen. You know, a lot of people say, well, how do we know. Because it didn't happen. It never happened. Nobody even thought a thing like this could happen. And when I heard the words that were used, I said, you know, he's going to force Putin to do it. And you take a look at what happened, and you take a look at the stupidity of the words.

Donald Trump: And now you have what you have -- you have a country that's been obliterated.

Sean Hannity: We're talking about Ukraine, it's a disaster. I mean, an unmitigated disaster. Continue now with former President Trump. It is caucus day in Iowa. It's, believe it or not, with a wind chill about 20 below zero. But I expect a good turnout. You're now leading in the final poll by over 20 -- I think by 28 points.

Sean Hannity: That is a huge poll number. What bothers me maybe from your point of view is that -- let's say you win by 18 or 16 -- Oh, President Trump had a horrible night -- when in fact it would be a record. The person that's ever won by the biggest margin in the state of Iowa was Bob Dole with a 12 percent victory.

Sean Hannity: So, I would say do you believe that a part of this is on purpose?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't know, they're very big with disinformation/misinformation, the other side, like they're totally professional at that. That's what they're good at. They're good at that and cheating on elections and other things. But they're not good at policy. They're not good at borders. They're not good at economy, they're not good at keeping down inflation.

Donald Trump: The things they're not good at are monumental. And they're the ones that affect the country. I think that we're going to do very well. But I've been really tamping it down, Sean, to be honest with you. I know exactly what you say. If I win by a record, they're going to say, oh, this was a terrible, terrible night.

Donald Trump: It's very interesting; the last time in 2016, I did great. I was, you know, I really thought I was -- we didn't have much of a ground game. Nobody ever heard the word caucus before, in all fairness, you know, it wasn't like a big thing.

Sean Hannity: I remember supporting you at that time and I remember like, are you guys organized? Because Iowa, you've got to organize in Iowa. And at this time, I could tell you, because of my sources around you, that you're very well organized this time.

Donald Trump: Yeah, well, we came in second, Sean. Out of 18 candidates, we came in second. And that's the first time I ever ran a race. I never ran for even school president or any of that, right, class president.

Sean Hannity: You wouldn't have won that race; you would have lost -- you would have been a Tiger dad at the school board meetings and probably investigated by the FBI for being a domestic terrorist. Let me talk to you about a couple of things that really matter. Before I get to the economy, which is really in the forefront of everybody's mind.

Sean Hannity: Two-thirds of our fellow Americans are suffering needlessly. I lived a good part of my early adult life with living paycheck to paycheck, and it totally sucks. And I really feel for people that are living this way and it's so unnecessary, but I've got to talk about the border. You left a secure border, Alejandro Mayorkas, Joe Biden, Kamala Harris, Korine Jean-Pierre, Jen Circle Back Psaki all blame you.

Sean Hannity: They all say, no, we inherited this from Donald Trump. And I'm like no, you didn't. You inherited secure borders, and you changed the policy on day one and we now have nearly 10 million more illegal unvetted Joe Biden illegal immigrants in the country. Now they're coming from Syria, Iran, they're coming from Egypt, they're coming from Afghanistan, they're coming from Russia and China.

Sean Hannity: Some of our top geopolitical foes, I've got to believe they're probably terrorist cells as a result of this. And it's the biggest -- it'll be the biggest national security debacle in our history. But considering you had expended so much political capital as president, I'm sure this infuriates you.

Donald Trump: Well, they're also coming -- it's very interesting, they're coming from prisons and jails. They're coming from mental institutions, insane asylums. They are terrorists all over the place. In 2019, they did a poll, and I was even surprised by this, zero terrorists coming in, zero. That's what they said. I don't know, that's -- I was saying are you sure about that?

Donald Trump: Who knows. But that's what they have. Right now, we have record numbers of terrorists coming into our country. It's a horrible thing. We had the safest border in history, now we have the worst. Now people aren't buying, I mean I heard they tried to make that claim, but it didn't work out too well, they stopped.

Donald Trump: People aren't buying it because I'm beating Biden in every single poll by a lot. And I'm the only candidate running that's beating him. Nikki's getting clobbered. She uses a poll that's two months old and it was a fake poll, and she said she's doing well against Biden. She's not doing well. She's losing against Biden in most polls and so is Ron Desanctimonious.

Donald Trump: So, we're leading Biden in almost every poll that I've seen for the last month and a half, two months, and we're leading him by a lot. And so, they're not buying it. The fact is the border is the worst it's been; the economy is a disaster, inflation is the worst ever -- probably the worst ever. They say the worst in 52 years, but maybe 52 years is ever as far as I'm concerned.

Donald Trump: But the inflation -- all things we would have never had. You know, inflation was caused by the energy problem that he created. Energy went up -- after I got out energy doubled; energy went up to a level that nobody's ever seen before. That caused inflation. And look, he's been the single worst and the single most corrupt president; he's been a disaster for this country.

Donald Trump: And I think one of the biggest problems we have is the millions and millions of people that he's allowed into our country. We're going to have a mass deportation. But the millions and millions of people that he's allowed into our country and many of them are from jails and mental institutions.

Sean Hannity: Let me ask you this, because I think this is very critical. Can you explain just off the top of your head the top things that you would do, economic policies you would implement, to get America out of these dire economic times we're in? Because look, I always thought 2016 and your victory was about the forgotten men and women in America.

Sean Hannity: And I believe that this election will be a referendum again on the forgotten men and women in this country. They're the people that really make the country great. It's not talk show hosts like me. The people that get up every day, work there 16 hours a day. They feed their kids, send them off to school, study with them at night, watch Hannity hopefully and go to bed.

Sean Hannity: I mean, they're killing themselves working 60-, 70-hour work weeks and they're barely making it. And those people -- 60 percent of our fellow Americans now live paycheck to paycheck. Others are dipping into credit cards and just for bare necessities or getting rid -- or cashing in their pensions with huge penalties.

Sean Hannity: It scares the hell out of me for the average American.

Donald Trump: Well, you're right and you do make a lot of difference. I will say you have a very big and very powerful voice and you're a great gentleman too. I can say that to your listeners, you are really in a class by yourself. You're an incredible guy and you do make an awfully big difference, Sean, and you --

Sean Hannity: I'm trying -- I love our country, Mr. President. You and I have had this discussion many times. I'm like I don't care about your golf courses, please fix the country. How many times have you and I talked about that?

Donald Trump: [Laughter] Well, you're right about that and we are going to. You know, we're a very rich country in theory, but you wouldn't know it because we owe so much money. But we are sitting on the greatest oil reserves anywhere in the world. It's not even close. We have more than Saudi Arabia, we have more than Russia.

Donald Trump: And we, as you know, as -- you once called me up not so long ago, three years ago, we were energy independent. Think of it. Today, we're begging people for energy. We're begging people for -- we're taking it from Venezuela, who people thought of as the enemy. I mean, what they've done in Venezuela.

Sean Hannity: Make Venezuela great and rich again. How stupid is that? Make Iran great and rich again.

Donald Trump: They're making them very rich and we're taking it from Iran. We're taking oil from anybody that wants to give it and yet we have more, I call it liquid gold, under our feet. We were going to be drill baby drill. It was all drill baby drill; we're going to bring down inflation because energy caused inflation.

Donald Trump: And when you look at what's happened to our country, when you look at the inflation, what that's done to people, where their income, if it goes up a little bit, even if it went up a lot, the inflation more than wipes it out. So, people are living very, very poorly right now and the jobs are going to be -- and being shipped overseas again.

Donald Trump: You know, they're right back into China and Europe and everybody else that takes advantage. I stopped all of that and took in billions and billions from China. Speaking of Iowa, I gave the farmers $28 billion out of the tariffs I took in from China. Not one -- think of it, not one president took in any money, any money for years, for decades from China.

Donald Trump: I took in hundreds of billions of dollars. And I gave the farmers of our country, a lot of them right here in Iowa right near us or this beautiful -- I think it's beautiful, very invigorating weather frankly. But we gave them $28 billion, you remember.

Sean Hannity: I think I found an area of disagreement. I would not say bone chilling, minus 20-degree temperatures is invigorating, but go ahead.

Donald Trump: It's pretty invigorating, I'll tell you.

Sean Hannity: Let me ask you something about -- now, I've done a lot of town halls with you both in 2015, 2016 and 2020 and this political season as well. And if you get the nomination, I'd love to travel around the country and see the people in Wisconsin and Pennsylvania and Michigan and Nevada and Arizona and Georgia and North Carolina, these states that matter so much, and Pennsylvania at the top.

Sean Hannity: And I told you I prefer when you do a town hall format over your rallies, although your rallies are a phenomenon in and of themselves. Let's be honest, there's not a single political figure, past or present, that can match the enthusiasm of your supporters, tens and tens of thousands of people that show up at your rallies.

Sean Hannity: I have known you long before you ever thought about running for president, and there's a side to you that I think comes out in town halls that that people don't know about you, how well informed you are, off the top of your head. You don't know what the questions are going to be. You have a very, very -- you're very funny.

Sean Hannity: You can be very generous, very gracious and also well versed and articulate on any issue, any question. I could throw any question right now at you and you'll be able to answer it. And I just like that tone pitch cadence. And I'm leading up to this question. To the people that say, oh, Donald Trump fights too much.

Sean Hannity: Why is he always fighting? Can you tell him, Hannity, to -- when you talk to him or interview him that maybe you should maybe be less combative? What is your answer to that question?

Donald Trump: Well, first of all, in town halls, we had a great one last week with Bret and with Martha.

Sean Hannity: Yeah, you stole my hour, but I'll let that go. They're friends of mine.

Donald Trump: We took part of your hour, I appreciate it too, but [Laughter] we had a town hall with you a month ago, you did fantastic.

Sean Hannity: We did.

Donald Trump: You got great ratings, and they got great ratings last week. But no, it brings out some nice things, it brings out -- and I think you can tell your audience, and I know they're going to believe it; I never call you and say, listen, let's not talk about certain subjects or --

Sean Hannity: Never, never, you've never said that. No.

Donald Trump: No, a lot of people go on a town hall, and they negotiate for days and days and days before they ever get on. And most of them are canceled because they don't want to go and then you have all sorts of -- I didn't with Bret and with Martha, I didn't say don't talk about this, don't talk about that, I never do. Sometimes I'll say like two minutes before I go on, by the way, what are we going to be talking about today?

Donald Trump: But no, I don't do that. I don't need to do that. This is something that Joe Biden would not be good at. This would be not a good format for him, I can tell you. There aren't too many good formats for him.

Sean Hannity: I was interviewing Gavin Newsom a while back and I actually said in the middle of the interview, the difference between you and the guy that you want for president is you have the ability to sit and converse with me. He could not do an interview with me. It'd be impossible. He's not up to it. And by the way, just from a national security standpoint, Mr. President, that scares the hell out of me.

Donald Trump: Well, look, we have a man negotiating with Putin, with President Xi of China, with Kim Jong Un, but he won't talk to Biden. So that's -- you don't have to worry about that negotiation, but bad things are happening. But we have a man that can't put two sentences together and he's negotiating with Putin and with China and with other countries that frankly don't particularly like us. And you know, we're talking about weapons of mass destruction.

Donald Trump: We're talking about nuclear; we're talking about weapons the likes of which have never been seen before. And we have somebody that has no idea what the hell he's doing. And I don't get it. I don't know how he got there, and I just don't get it. And personally, I don't even think he's going to run -- maybe I'm in the minority, but I can't imagine.

Donald Trump: Because if he runs -- if anything ever happened, it would be a catastrophe for our country, an absolute catastrophe. And I'm worried about it, and so are you. I'm worried about the next 10 months. We still have 10 months to go and I'm very worried about it. They could do tremendous damage. You know, Sean, you've heard, I say a lot and during speeches and all, that if you add up the worst 10 presidents in the history of our country, they haven't done the damage that Joe Biden and the Biden administration have done during this three-year period.

Donald Trump: There's never been damage, and all you have to do is look at our southern border, which by the way we will close it up. We had the safest border in history. Now we have the worst border probably in the history of the world. There's never been a border for any country that has done what these people are doing.

Sean Hannity: All right, so we're about two hours and seven minutes before these caucuses begin. I'm going to ask you one final question on the other side of this break, and it's your final message to the people of Iowa, and we appreciate all the time you've been giving us. Anyway, it's caucus day. We're in Des Moines, we're in Iowa for tonight's caucus, full coverage tonight, 9:00 Eastern on Hannity.

Sean Hannity: Our final moments with President Trump on the other side and then your calls 800-941-SEAN, our number as we continue from the very cold state of Iowa.

Unidentified: Final hour roundup is next; you do not want to miss it. And stay tuned for the final hour free for all on The Sean Hannity Show.

Sean Hannity: All right, we continue -- we're in Iowa for tonight's caucus, wow, just a little over two hours away from now. Let me give you this last question. What is your final message to the people of Iowa as they're now -- some of them probably driving to their caucus sites now?

Donald Trump: Right. Well, my final message and my strong message, we have to win in November. And to win in November, we want to really put on a great show tonight. And so, it's don't be complacent; don't believe -- I mean, we have polls that are showing us 25, 30, 40 up. I mean, don't believe everything just forget about that.

Donald Trump: Just go out and we have to vote. And the margins are important because the more we win by the better we look for November. We have to beat Joe Biden; we have to get him out of office. He's destroying our country. And I love the voters. These are incredible people. We've been all over the place for the last two and a half days and really for the last year, but it has been just a great experience with Iowa.

Donald Trump: We won it twice and we're going to win it a third time. And we want to really win by big numbers tonight because we want to get everybody together, get them unified and then we have to go after Joe Biden.

Sean Hannity: I will tell you, if the polls today that came out, 33 percent approval rating, the American people, I mean, every demographic is now switching over to you. And I know that they've thrown the world at you with every single charge they could possibly imagine. When I asked you this question at our last town hall, I knew you were joking, and you even referenced it when you were with Bret and Martha.

Sean Hannity: I said OK, well, they keep saying you're going to be a dictator. And now they're saying, oh, he's going to use the military. Can we just put this to rest once and for all?

Donald Trump: Well, yeah, I mean we can, and I thought I made it very clear. I just want to very simply make America great again. We want to do it in a very calm and peaceful way. These people are really the insurrectionists. These people are really the crazies out there. I mean, what they do, they put roadblocks up and then you hit it very hard.

Donald Trump: You have to fight them very hard otherwise you'd be out of office very quickly. They just have to get it together. They are really radicalized people, and our country is in danger because of it. I've often said that we have more danger from within our country than we do from the outside from -- because if you have a capable president, he can handle China, he can handle Russia.

Donald Trump: But dealing with some of these crazy people within our own country that maybe don't love our country. In fact, maybe they hate our country, you have to be strong, you have to be tough.

Sean Hannity: Or maybe they think they are smarter than the American voter. I mean, for three years, I covered the Russia hoax. I ended up being vindicated again, the Ukrainian hoax. We know the only quid pro quo that happened in Ukraine was with the Biden family. Joe got the prosecutor fired, Hunter continued to get rich while he was addicted to drugs and in a field that he had no experience with, crazy times.

Sean Hannity: We're going to be watching closely. We will have full coverage at 9:00 Eastern tonight. I hope you'll be watching. If you speak during that hour, we will obviously take it. And I think that it's going to be -- it looks like you're a knight by every poll. And we wish you the best and we'll be seeing you in New Hampshire and in the lead up to that as well.

Sean Hannity: Mr. President, you've been very generous with your time. As always, we appreciate it and good luck tonight.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much, Sean. Great honor. And I hope it's America's night. That's going to be America's night --

Sean Hannity: Amen.

Donald Trump: More importantly than my night and thank you very much.

Sean Hannity: All right, sir. Thank you.