Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-raymond-arroyo-ewtn-new-york-october-17-2024

Raymond Arroyo: Less than three weeks to go till Election Day here in the United States and the race for president appears to be tightening. There's a new National Catholic Reporter poll showing Trump up among Catholics in five of the seven swing states. Tonight, the former president and current GOP candidate talks with me again about the issues important to people of faith, about life, and those multiple assassination attempts.

Raymond Arroyo: We met at the 79th Annual Al Smith Dinner for the Archdiocese of New York, a dinner, his opponent, Vice President Kamala Harris, has declined to attend. Here's my exclusive interview with President Donald J. Trump. [Begin videotape] Mr. President, I'm delighted, first of all, that you made the Downton Abbey auditions. I think we're going to fit in nicely.

Donald Trump: Oh, I like that. I like that.

Raymond Arroyo: We're at the Al Smith Dinner, of course.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Raymond Arroyo: Tell me, why did you decide it was important to be here? And what message is Kamala Harris sending by not being here to Catholic voters?

Donald Trump: Well, I think you're honoring the Catholic Church. And, you know, I've been a longtime supporter, and I'm surprised she's not here. I think she's the first one in many, many -- in decades, actually, to miss it as a candidate. It has always been a tradition. So, I'm happy only that the Catholics are going to vote for Trump now.

Donald Trump: But no, look, I have a special relationship with the Catholic Church, and I -- I think it was very important to be here.

Raymond Arroyo: Yeah. I've been noticing on your social media posts on your -- at your rallies, you're playing "Ave Maria," you're posting Happy birthday, Mary; a St. Michael prayer to ward off evil. Is that telling voters something about your spiritual journey? What is that?

Donald Trump: No, I don't think so. It's just beautiful to me. I mean, I -- I look at the whole thing, the words and the pictures. The pictures are so beautiful. And yeah, I put up some stuff. Somebody else asked me that same question.

Raymond Arroyo: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And it's really that. I think it's really very beautiful.

Raymond Arroyo: OK. In 2020, you told me, "I am a pro-life candidate." In the interim, you got rid of Roe v. Wade, and you've said, "I've returned it to the states, and people have to follow their heart."

Donald Trump: Right.

Raymond Arroyo: Some of your supporters are saying, "Well, Trump is pro-choice now." What would you say to them?

Donald Trump: No, no. I am like Ronald Reagan before me. The exceptions are very important to me, and that's the life of the mother, rape, and incest.

Raymond Arroyo: Mm-hmm.

Donald Trump: And -- not at all. I'm very proud of what we did. Everybody wanted it to be back in the states where it belongs. And the states are voting, and, frankly, some of the votes are very liberal by comparison to what people may have thought. But it's now back in the states. It's an issue that's torn the country apart for 52 years.

Donald Trump: And no -- and everybody wanted it: Democrats, Republicans, conservatives, liberals, everybody. And all legal scholars wanted it back in the states. And now, we did that. And I have to tell you, I give great credit to brilliant Supreme Court justices. We had six brilliant Supreme Court justices, and they had great courage.

Raymond Arroyo: Will you --

Donald Trump: And now -- the country will now come together.

Raymond Arroyo: Will you reinstate the Mexico City policy, which forbids international spending on abortion?

Donald Trump: Well, I was the only one that did that. As you know, no other president did that. And we're going to be giving that a very good, serious look: in other words, how that compares and competes with the states.

Raymond Arroyo: Right.

Donald Trump: But we'll be giving that a very serious look.

Raymond Arroyo: The other day you said, "I'm the father of IVF." As you know, some Catholics feel and the Catholic Church believes, when you implement this technology, you're killing embryos. Will you have a religious exemption to your IVF mandate for religious organizations and businesses that feel this violates my religious principles?

Donald Trump: Well, you know, I haven't been asked that, but it sounds to me like a pretty good idea, frankly. But even Catholics, a lot of them, they want IVF. It's fertilization, basically. And, you know, they view that as helping a family, helping parents have a child. And it's a very popular thing. But certainly, if there's a religious problem, I think people should go with that.

Donald Trump: I should be -- I really think they should be able to do that, but we will look at that. Nobody -- nobody has asked me that question.

Raymond Arroyo: Have a -- have a -- an exemption. Well, I've got to -- look, I've got to get some new ones in here.

Donald Trump: That's OK.

Raymond Arroyo: Kamala Harris is changing her tactic against you. She said to Bret Baier, my colleague, the other night, you, President Trump, are targeting Americans; you're calling them the enemy within; and you're turning the military on the American people.

Kamala Harris: You and I both know that he has talked about turning the American military on the American people. He has talked about going after people who are engaged in peaceful protest. He has talked about locking people up because they disagree with him. This is a democracy.

Raymond Arroyo: Your reaction to that? And what did you mean when you said the enemy within?

Donald Trump: Well, it's ridiculous that she says that, in turning the military. I'm not. These are the really -- these are the threat to democracy, people like -- actually like her with her language. You know, she's the most liberal senator in the Senate, not as smart as most of them, but she's certainly more liberal.

Donald Trump: And she likes to say that. Turning the military, how ridiculous is it? But I will say this: The enemy from within, we do have an enemy from within. We have people that are, I think, more danger to our country when you see the radical-left programs that they're espousing. And we have a true enemy from within.

Donald Trump: They hate when I say that, but whether we like it -- and I think, in many ways, it's more dangerous from the outside enemies that we have.

Raymond Arroyo: I want to talk about immigration for a moment. The Church teaches: Welcome the immigrant. It also teaches that a nation has a right to protect its borders for the common good. How do you, President Trump, balance welcoming the immigrant with locking down the border and the deportation promise you've made?

Donald Trump: Well, as you know, we had the strongest borders we've ever had. Just four years ago, we had the most powerful, the strongest. We let people in, but they have to come in legally. And I don't think that's changed. We want people to come into our country, but they have to come in legally. As you know, they allowed people to come in from prisons and, frankly, murderers; the 13,099 murderers, where they were let out of prison, convicted murderers.

Donald Trump: And some killed more than one person. Some killed more than five people. And they're now free in our country. And we're going to have to get them out, and we're going to get them out fast. Nobody wants that. No. I want to have people come into our country legally, but we have to have strong borders and good elections.

Raymond Arroyo: Did you see this lip-reader when Joe Biden and Barack Obama were on the side of Ethel Kennedy's funeral? This lip-reader, who's a forensic expert, claims Joe Biden said, "She's not as strong as I am." Was it a mistake to trade Kamala Harris for Joe Biden in your opinion?

Donald Trump: Well, we seem to be winning, and we were way up on Joe. We had the debate, and the numbers were very strong. And I just see numbers that are very similar right now. They're very similar. So, we'll see what happens. I hope we win because we want to make America great again.

Raymond Arroyo: And your record of religious liberty, how important is that to you? Religious liberty?

Donald Trump: It's a stance that I've taken from the beginning, and I'll keep it. I wouldn't change it for anything.

Raymond Arroyo: OK, final question: The Pope was asked about your candidacy and Kamala Harris, and he instructed Catholic voters to vote for the lesser of two evils. Who do you think he means and why?

Donald Trump: Well, I think he wants them to vote for me. And I stand for really everything that you stand for and that the Church stands for. And she doesn't. She's a very different kind of a person. She's a Marxist. Her father was a Marxist and still is a Marxist. And they are not big into religion, I will tell you.

Donald Trump: And I'm not just talking about the Catholic religion. I'm talking about any religion. The whole Democratic Party has gone really radical left, and I'm the opposite. I am totally in favor of religion, and I also like the Catholic Church a lot.

Raymond Arroyo: Thank you, Mr. President, what a pleasure.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Raymond Arroyo: We'll see you soon.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Good.

Raymond Arroyo: Thank you. [End videotape] My thanks to the Trump campaign and the US Secret Service for their assistance. We have asked Vice President Kamala Harris to join us for an interview as well. We'll keep you posted on that request.