Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-compton-lewan-podcast-october-14-2024

Will Compton: Right now.

Taylor Lewan: If you're wondering.

Donald Trump: Oh, that sounds OK.

Will Compton: Well, I got the under.

Donald Trump: The quarterback is a great story, right?

Taylor Lewan: Yeah.

Donald Trump: He's like the last drafted, and he -- they put him in and he just moved the team. He's --

Will Compton: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Really good.

Taylor Lewan: He's -- he's handling business.

Donald Trump: You never know, right?

Taylor Lewan: You never know.

Will Compton: You never know.

Donald Trump: Then you take the best player that anyone's ever seen out of college, and he turns out to be not so good. But no, the -- the St. Louis quarterback -- the San Francisco quarterback, I found to be very, very interesting, how he's been so good, and he was -- just about the last draft pick.

Will Compton: Yeah, I think he was -- was -- was he Mr. Irrelevant?

Taylor Lewan: Yeah, he was Mr. Irrelevant.

Will Compton: Yeah.

Donald Trump: He was Mr. -- that's --

Will Compton: Yeah.

Taylor Lewan: Yeah.

Donald Trump: He's not irrelevant anymore. He's --

Taylor Lewan: Yeah. Have you -- if you -- if you'd like to --

Donald Trump: Watch it?

Taylor Lewan: Yeah.

Will Compton: We're rolling.

Taylor Lewan: We're -- we're rolling out --

Donald Trump: These are nice. Let me -- I haven't seen one of these.

Will Compton: Some high-quality mics.

Donald Trump: Yeah. That's pretty cool.

Will Compton: Yeah.

Taylor Lewan: We walked in on the other side. Their production is a little bit different than ours.

Donald Trump: Yeah. That's OK.

Taylor Lewan: But we like to keep it tight around here, too.

Donald Trump: That was -- you know who that was, right? Maria.

Taylor Lewan: Yeah.

Donald Trump: She's great. Good -- good person.

Taylor Lewan: Yeah. How -- first off, boys, let's give a round of applause to Donald Trump, taking the time out of his day to come meet with "Bussin' With The Boys." I want to give a quick shoutout to Alex as well, setting this whole thing up. Alex, outstanding work. We were talking about Brock Purdy before.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Taylor Lewan: And Mr. Irrelevant. Are you aware of what they do for Mr. Irrelevant?

Donald Trump: No, I know that he was -- I think Mr. -- but not anymore. He's not irrelevant any longer, but he's just a great quarterback. And it shows you there's a little luck in sports. And actually, he wouldn't have played except that everybody got hurt in front of him.

Taylor Lewan: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And then they put him in and he moved the ball, right? And that was the end of that. That's happened before. It happened with Tom Brady.

Will Compton: Don't they throw a parade?

Taylor Lewan: Yeah. So, with Mr. Irrelevant, you -- when you get picked, they put like one number, 264 out there or whatever. And then after OTAs, which is organized team activities, they fly you out to San Diego and they have a parade for Mr. Irrelevant.

Donald Trump: Oh, that's so great.

Taylor Lewan: Yeah. So, that's a -- that's a fun time.

Donald Trump: He's done a great job, though.

Taylor Lewan: He's been outstanding.

Donald Trump: Yeah. And they're leading now, right?

Taylor Lewan: Yeah, 13, zero.

Will Compton: Yeah. As you guys are watching us, it's 13, zero, Thursday night football. I have the under. It's looking healthy. It's in the second quarter. So --

Donald Trump: That's great.

Taylor Lewan: Yeah.

Donald Trump: So, are you on live now, in addition to everything else, because, you know, congratulations. Your show -- my son is saying, "Dad, you got to do those guys. Those guys are great." You know, I have a son who's 6'9".

Taylor Lewan: Oh, for real?

Donald Trump: How tall are?

Taylor Lewan: 6'7". He's got me -- got me by a couple.

Will Compton: He's got you.

Taylor Lewan: I saw the little look, too, like he's got you.

Donald Trump: He's like everybody. I say, "How tall are you? I'm just curious." No, he's -- he's tall and he's a good boy. He's a good student, very good student.

Taylor Lewan: Well, we wouldn't -- we would not be here today without Dana White. We've -- we've established a relationship with him. We've met you at UFC a couple of times, and --

Donald Trump: There's nobody like him.

Taylor Lewan: Yeah, he's -- he's incredible.

Donald Trump: You know, I just -- I can't -- I just -- you always say that everybody is replaceable, right? I don't think anybody could do what he does. He's done that and, you know, built billions of dollars of value just because -- but there's nobody that can -- there's nobody like this guy. He's just a fantastic person.

Donald Trump: And he's so loyal, and I've known him a long time. I've known him a long time, and he's never changed. He's just an incredible guy. And he really understands that business. But I think he could probably do something else. Although, his enthusiasm is so -- I mean, he's going to a fight. It's like the first fight he's ever gone to. He's so enthusiastic.

Will Compton: The energy he has is insane.

Donald Trump: He's -- he's just -- he's really -- and he's -- he's called high quality, right? There aren't too many around. He's high quality.

Taylor Lewan: No doubt, he is. He's a high-functioning individual. And you two have similar traits in the sense that you guys are both willing to stand in the batter -- batter's box and stand up for what you believe is right --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Taylor Lewan: At all times.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Taylor Lewan: So, you guys have had a cool relationship. You had -- UFC was on essentially a life support, right?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Taylor Lewan: And you were able to open the gates for him.

Donald Trump: He -- they had a hard time, and the Fertittas are great people. They had a hard time at the beginning because nobody would allow it because they thought it was so dangerous. And somehow I met Dana. I don't know. He called me and he wanted -- I had -- I have a great site. I have a site that was fantastic, actually.

Donald Trump: And I said, let's -- I didn't know much about it, and I said, "Let's see what it's all about." And I'm telling you, they were the most brutal fights I've ever seen. And I said, "You know, they may be right. It might be too dangerous."

Taylor Lewan: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But they were unbelievable fights. And I stayed right till the end. I thought I'd go in for 15 minutes and watch and just pay my respects. Good luck. Have a good time. The place sold out in two seconds. And I ended up doing, you know, numerous with him. I did like five or six of them. And then they got it going, and then it became just amazing.

Donald Trump: And then they got, you know, the ESPN deal, which I assume was a great deal. That was a great deal. And -- but the job he does -- but at the beginning, they had -- I guess they had a hard time getting an arena. Nobody would take it because of the danger factor. And it has to be dangerous. But interestingly, they've never lost anybody in terms of death.

Donald Trump: And yet, in boxing, you have quite a bit of it. And I asked Dana why is that? I guess it's a little bit different in that sense. You know, it's not all to the head. But they've never lost anybody. Nobody died in the UFC, which is shocking because when you look at some of it, right?

Taylor Lewan: It's -- it's intense.

Donald Trump: When you look at it --

Will Compton: It's way more violent than boxing.

Donald Trump: You'd say they have to -- like one a night should, you know, probably will no longer be with us, right? But it's pretty good. But they really -- they -- you know, they -- they make it as safe as they can make it, but it is really something. It's great to watch. And we do the walk-on sometimes, you know, where we walk into the arena together, and it's crazy. That place goes -- those places go crazy.

Taylor Lewan: The place does erupt.

Donald Trump: Yeah, it does.

Taylor Lewan: It does -- it does go absolutely wild.

Donald Trump: It's pretty good. It's pretty good. Now, he's a -- and I know he's a -- he's a friend of yours, but he's very much into the -- he's like a young person. He's so into this world. You know, you're into a world that's much different. I'm into the old world of like television, etc., etc. And you get views.

Donald Trump: I looked at your numbers, congratulations. That's a great success.

Will Compton: Thank you.

Donald Trump: You've done a fantastic job.

Taylor Lewan: We do appreciate it.

Donald Trump: But you're like a young person. You know, it's like this is young person's television.

Will Compton: But you've been -- you've been doing it for a while, like you've done podcasting, you've done streaming. You had an incredible episode on Andrew Schulz. Shout out to boy, Andrew.

Taylor Lewan: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I heard it was good. Tell me about it. It did very well?

Taylor Lewan: Yeah, it was.

Donald Trump: I heard it was really --

Will Compton: It's still climbing. It's still climbing. Yeah.

Taylor Lewan: I think, in 12 hours, it was right around a million.

Donald Trump: Is that -- that's -- that's a lot.

Taylor Lewan: Yes.

Will Compton: He -- I mean --

Taylor Lewan: And it just seemed like you enjoyed yourself on that, too.

Donald Trump: I did. He was very -- every one of the guys. You know, they're young guys and they're very different, in some cases. And I said, "What about these guys?" Great athletes. They said professional football players at one point and great athletes, which I like. I respect that. I respect great athletes a lot.

Donald Trump: There's a reason you're great. Not only -- it's not only the muscle, right?

Will Compton: Yeah. Yeah.

Donald Trump: We know that. So, congratulations.

Will Compton: Thank you.

Taylor Lewan: The thing that's so cool about Schulz and -- and these comedians is their -- the level of creativity. You obviously did well with Theo Von as well.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Taylor Lewan: Have you -- have you been able -- do you know about Shane Gillis?

Donald Trump: No.

Taylor Lewan: So, Shane Gillis, he's probably --

Will Compton: [Inaudible] Shane.

Taylor Lewan: I don't know, but he's probably the biggest comedian in the world right now.

Will Compton: Yeah, he's up there.

Taylor Lewan: And he does a Donald Trump impersonation.

Donald Trump: Oh.

Taylor Lewan: And he's pretty fantastic at it.

Donald Trump: Well --

Taylor Lewan: He does a great job.

Donald Trump: I've heard great. No, I've heard great. I have -- I have heard great.

Will Compton: Why -- why do you go the podcasting route? I feel like it's something you've -- you've leaned into. Again, you've been in all the pods and streamers.

Donald Trump: No, it's just -- so it started off -- and -- and it may be a little bit to do with all of my sons. You know, they're young and two are less young, but I have one that's very young. And this is a young world. You're in a young world, right? And I've done a few of them, and they've done well. I did one with Elon.

Donald Trump: You know, Elon and I did one. They call it -- I don't know. They have some special names, but I did -- did you know I did a one on one with Elon Musk, right?

Taylor Lewan: It was on X, right?

Donald Trump: It was on X, and it was unbelievable, actually. I think he had 715 million people, with billions of hits. It was a crazy -- it was just a -- I don't know if it could be done again. But we did it. It was just him and I talking. We went for about 2.5 hours. And it got, you know, world-record stuff. I did one with Tucker.

Donald Trump: We did fantastically. We did one -- I think he had -- that night, he had 281 million. We did it the night of a debate. We had a debate, Republican Party debate, and I didn't want to do it. I said, "I'm not going to do it. I'm leading these guys by 70 points and 60 points. Why should I debate?" I'm not a stupid person.

Donald Trump: Why -- why would I debate, you know, six or seven guys that aren't stupid? They're not -- they're professional politicians, for the most part. And why would I stand there and do that if I have a 70-point lead? And so, I did something with Tucker that same night. Went against the debate, and he had almost 300 million people, Tucker Carlson.

Will Compton: Wow.

Donald Trump: Good guy. And so -- but this is a new world. It's a -- it's a -- it's changing, you know.

Taylor Lewan: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It changes very fast.

Taylor Lewan: It seems like the world of like -- like mainstream media is like slowly kind of going away. There's so many different ways to access your information --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Taylor Lewan: Whether it be TikTok or Instagram.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Taylor Lewan: And now, it seems like more than ever, X. Elon Musk is such a unique relationship that you guys have to me because I think in 2020, he -- he voted for Biden. And now, he's really done the 180. And you see a lot of these kind of bigger name, celebrities doing a 180 and kind of being more supportive on your end. What is your guys' relationship?

Donald Trump: We have great support. That's great. I mean, he feels that this is the most important election ever. He thinks the other side is bad, bad people. Probably feels, in many ways, they're not competent, but he also feels that, you know, it's for democracy, etc., etc. And he feels very strongly. I mean, I'm not sure.

Donald Trump: I've heard and he said -- I've heard him before I knew him that he said he voted for Biden. I'm not sure that that's so -- you know. I just find it hard to believe it.

Taylor Lewan: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But he's an incredible guy. He's a brilliant guy. We -- we had something the other night in Butler, Pennsylvania. You probably heard about it. We had 101,000 people show up. And Elon was there, and he got up and he gave a great speech. And he's got a lot of things going. He's got rockets. He's got cars.

Donald Trump: He's got the whole thing. He's got everything. He's got Starlink, which was very helpful. You know, in North Carolina, the -- Biden really -- I mean, Biden and Kamala -- if you can believe Kamala. How about the thing with CBS? OK, tell me. You heard about CBS where they changed her answer and everything. Did you hear about that?

Will Compton: The CBS?

Taylor Lewan: Is this where she's sitting outside the plane?

Donald Trump: Yeah. It's the biggest scandal in broadcast. I've never heard -- she did a very bad interview with them. It was taped and going live. But it was essentially taped like if you tape a show and you put it on that night or the next day. And she gave some really stupid answers. And what they did is they cut those answers out and they put other answers in.

Donald Trump: And I think it's really -- I think it's a very bad act, probably a criminal act, but it's certainly election interference and license-threatening. You know, they have licenses. And I just think it's one of the worst things I've heard. Think of it. She's on things -- it's a news organization, too. And I think "60 Minutes" is under the news umbrella.

Donald Trump: And they do an interview and she gives a bad answer, and they give her -- they take it out entirely. It's not like they did a little. I mean, they took the whole thing out and they put another answer from another question in there, which didn't make sense either. I mean, it was -- that was a lousy answer also. But nobody's ever heard of something like that.

Will Compton: That's why I think there's like the positives of you doing more long-form stuff. People get to see you in a different light compared to how everybody clips up, tries to get the clickbait, tries to get the headlining stuff --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Will Compton: In the mainstream media.

Donald Trump: I like doing stuff like this. You know, I like it. I like conversation. I don't seem to get myself in much trouble. When she does it -- every time she does it, they say she's stupid. She's stupid. I mean, this is a -- they tried to get away with her not doing it, which is always a bad sign, frankly. And -- well, they did it with Biden.

Donald Trump: They kept him in a basement, but they were able to do that because of COVID. You know, they could say, "Oh, he wanted to protect." And then when I debated him -- we had a debate that -- did you watch the debate with Biden?

Taylor Lewan: We did. Yeah.

Donald Trump: Did you think he did well?

Taylor Lewan: No, I would -- I would say that most of the world would agree he did not do well.

Donald Trump: Yeah. So, anyway. So, he -- they forced him out. It was like a coup. And then this is like Dana would have a fighter and the fighter is getting -- you know, doing badly, and they say, "Let's take him out and put a new one in." And this never happened before. So, they got him out and they put this one in, and she was No.

Donald Trump: 13 on line because she failed already. She -- she had -- you know, she tried to get the nomination and she failed. There were 22 people and she came in last. She never made it to Iowa. And now, all of a sudden, I'm -- this can only happen to me, fellas. I have one. I spent $150 million to beat him, and I was leading by a lot.

Donald Trump: And then they take him out and they give me another one. That's never happened before. It's like a palace coup. And he doesn't like her. He hates her. I think he hates her as much as he hates me.

Taylor Lewan: You mean Biden?

Donald Trump: Yeah. I think Biden hates me. I'd say he hates me a lot. But I think he hates her maybe as much or more than he hates me. Is that possible? I don't know. Hard to believe, right? He can't stand her.

Will Compton: Why are they just able to slide in a different candidate? Like, usually, there --

Donald Trump: Well, I don't know. They were politically correct. They wanted to do it that way. They were afraid not to do it that way. They were catering to maybe something other than competence, and -- and maybe they were -- they just wanted to do it. They wanted to be politically correct and they did it. And then they said she'd have a six-week honeymoon period, and that's what turned out.

Donald Trump: I mean, they -- they had a little bit of a honeymoon period. And now, she's falling badly because she's been doing interviews. She's falling because she's doing interviews and the interviews have not been good. They have not been good. So, we'll see what happens. But we're leading in all of the swing states right now.

Donald Trump: We're leading pretty good in all of the swing states. And we'll see. I think it's going to be a very successful campaign, I hope.

Will Compton: Do you ever get -- like now that it's -- it's getting closer, like do you ever get nervous for when the day does come and all the votes start piling in?

Taylor Lewan: Like the pregame jitters.

Will Compton: Yeah, like the -- you know, you put -- you laid all the work out there --

Taylor Lewan: For you to walk in there --

Will Compton: Yeah.

Taylor Lewan: For the last five minutes, and it's like we're playing music in the corner. We're a little nervous ourselves.

Will Compton: You've done all your preparation. You've game-planned. You've done the campaigning.

Taylor Lewan: Right.

Will Compton: And you start to get there. And, you know, the national anthem is going. You start to get a little jitters.

Donald Trump: In some ways, you don't want to think of it, right?

Taylor Lewan: Yeah, yeah.

Donald Trump: You know, you just don't -- I -- I don't want to really even think about it. I don't -- I just do -- I go from day to day. I do what I have to do. I work hard. I'm a hard worker, always been. So, I've gone like 36 days in a row with no rest. And I have -- what do we have, 23, 24 days left, right? And I don't intend to take like a day off or two days off.

Donald Trump: You're running for the president. This is like you're running for the Super Bowl times 10, right? And you're sort of all by yourself, but you have some good people, you have some very professional people sitting over there. And I -- I just feel -- a lot of people say, "Oh, sir, you should take a couple of days off."

Donald Trump: I can't take days off. I want to be in Wisconsin or I want to be in Michigan. Today, I was in Michigan. I did the Economic Club of Detroit -- Detroit Economic Club, and it was -- it was great. How to bring back the automobile business, which has been stolen from the country, and we can do it. We're going to do it easily.

Donald Trump: We're going to have a lot of automobile business, factories opened, and plants. We're going to open up a lot of them. So, I don't know. I find it very interesting, but it's an all-out run. It's an all -- you would say it's an all-out sprint. And it is. It's an all-out sprint. We're sprinting to the finish line, and we're almost there.

Donald Trump: But we did great. In 2020, we did great, and it was a bad -- a bad thing. Look, we had the COVID all over the place, and even people, officials were afraid to come. They didn't want to catch COVID. You know, the whole thing was crazy. But I think -- I think -- this time, I think we're actually doing better than we did in 2020.

Will Compton: Something we like to ask like coaches and players when they get like a second opportunity in their career and their profession, what do you feel like you've learned? How do you feel like you've grown from -- from your first term? And also, what are -- what are some things that you look back on? Maybe there are situations where you think I could have done a better job with that.

Donald Trump: Yeah. I -- I think the biggest thing is I got to know a lot of people. You know, so I was elected. If you look at presidents over the United States, over the history of our country, 92 percent have been politicians and 8 percent have been generals. So, I was told, "Well, you got to be a general. You got to be a politician."

Donald Trump: You know, it makes sense, I guess. But I said, "But I'm not a general. I'm not a politician." So, I won. And I went to No. 1. You know, when I announced -- because I was very well known as a business guy and people knew me. I did -- I've done a great job in business, did a lot of great jobs, a lot of great deals, and made a lot of money, but I was known as a business guy.

Donald Trump: And I was known for "The Apprentice." You know I did a show called "The Apprentice --"

Taylor Lewan: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Which was a very successful show. And I had a lot of bestsellers. Some real big No. 1 bestsellers, "The Art of the Deal" and others. So, I was known. And -- but I went -- and as soon as I ran, I went to No. 1 in the Republican thing and did that and won. And then I went against a woman known as crooked Hillary.

Donald Trump: And -- and she is one crooked -- but -- and, you know, she was a professional, married to a president, popular president, a good president. And then, you know I ran, and the COVID made things tougher because it was, you know, much tougher. But I did -- I did phenomenally. Otherwise, I wouldn't have run this time.

Donald Trump: So, I've won three Republican nominations in a row. And now, we have this final thing. And I think if it happens, it'll be the biggest victory in the history of the country. You know, I mean, it's a big thing because I think the country has to have it. We've gone through four years of hardship. And -- and, you know, they were asking me, fellas, "What's the biggest problem?" I -- I really -- you know, they say inflation and they say the economy and all that.

Donald Trump: I really think that in terms of the voters -- inflation is a very big deal. But in terms of the voters, I think the biggest thing is the border. In terms of the election, I think it's the most important thing. I think women don't want to have migrant killers running around their backyard, you know. It's -- it's pretty simple to me.

Taylor Lewan: Yeah, people obviously want to feel safe in their backyards.

Donald Trump: Yup.

Taylor Lewan: You mentioned all the -- the amount of success you've had, whether in real estate, your bestselling books, "The Apprentice," the show that was top of the charts for a very long time. What was -- and then there was -- there was an interview you did with Oprah. I believe it was like in '89 or '90. She -- she asked you, like, "Would you ever run for president?" And you said essentially, "No, I wouldn't because it's a mean and nasty world, and I would only do that if it was an extreme circumstances."

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Taylor Lewan: You know, obviously, you end up running. You've won three Republican nominees. What is -- what was the straw that broke the camel's back for you to be like I've really got to put my name in the hat for America?

Donald Trump: Two things, trade because I saw, as a businessman -- I think I'm a natural -- very natural businessman like you guys are natural athletes. You're always the best at your sport and you did well. I mean, in high school, you guys were dominant, right?

Will Compton: Oh, yeah.

Donald Trump: And even in college, you were dominant.

Will Compton: Oh, yeah.

Donald Trump: There was nobody --

Taylor Lewan: You could say that.

Donald Trump: No, you take -- you take a player at your level, in high school, you're in a different level. You know, you're just much better. You're much, much better, OK? You could run right through that line, guys wouldn't even -- right? I mean, like --

Will Compton: All-state, yeah.

Donald Trump: Yeah. No, I -- I understand. I know how it works. And then it gets tougher and tougher as you go up, right?

Will Compton: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Then all of a sudden, they get bigger and faster and you say, "This isn't as easy."

Taylor Lewan: The ultimate equalizer.

Donald Trump: Let me go back to high school.

Taylor Lewan: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But no, you were always dominant in what you did. And I was a good businessman. And I'm an athlete, too. I was always good at sports. I was always really good, good golfer, good baseball player, good -- I mean, I loved sports. I always loved sports. And it's sort of a microcosm of life, OK? It's -- you know, the great athletes have something very special.

Donald Trump: And it's true like that in life, you know. You have people -- some people win, some people don't win. It's very interesting. But I always looked at sports as a microcosm. And the nice part, it's fast. You know, you win or you lose.

Taylor Lewan: Right.

Donald Trump: With other things, like what I do, it takes years to determine if somebody a winner or not, and it takes a long time. With sports, you win the game or you don't. And it's -- it's very interesting. But -- but I really have always equated it very much with life, what you do, what you do as an athlete, very much.

Donald Trump: And maybe it's why you're so successful, actually. People see it. And then you have people that like watching athletes on television --

Will Compton: Yeah.

Taylor Lewan: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Because I do. I do.

Taylor Lewan: No doubt about it.

Will Compton: You were on -- on Andrew Schulz's podcast. You guys were talking about the art of the weave.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Will Compton: Weaving in and out of --

Donald Trump: Yeah, the weave.

Will Compton: Questions and conversations. What -- what was the -- the straw that broke the camel's back that got you in the game for politics?

Donald Trump: OK. So --

Will Compton: You were talking about trade.

Donald Trump: Two things. I think trade and I think the border. The border was real bad, but nothing like this. The border was -- by the way, the border was like 10 percent of this and nothing like this. There has never been a border in -- in history -- in the history of our country, there's never been a border like this.

Donald Trump: And trade because I saw China and I saw other countries just ripping us off so badly. We have these massive deficits. We're not going to have them that long because I'm going to -- I'm going to turn it around. We're going to turn it around. They've taken advantage of us. And oftentimes, it's our friends that took the biggest advantage, which is true in life, too.

Donald Trump: But I would say those two things. I -- I would look at the trade and I'd see these deals that were so bad. And it actually started a long time ago with Japan. You know, Japan -- before you guys were born, Japan was brutal to us in trade, and then they had a little explosion, and they went away. They had a very -- you know, they had a real problem economically.

Donald Trump: And all of a sudden, they were gone. And then other countries came in, but China came in -- in a big way and, you know, to this day. And I had them pay billions of dollars in taxes and tariffs. They call them tariffs. And we did a good job. We had the greatest economy in history. We had the greatest -- we -- we had the greatest job numbers in history.

Donald Trump: You know, we had the most jobs. And whether you were a high school student that didn't graduate, no diploma, or you went to MIT, Harvard, the Wharton School of Finance, Stanford, no matter what school you went to and no matter what degree you -- you did well, including if you didn't have a degree, if you were a woman, if you were a man, if you were Black or Asian or Hispanic, everybody -- every single group was doing better than they had ever done.

Donald Trump: And so, I think we're going to do it again. But I think -- again, as I say, I -- I really believe it's going to be the most important election in the history of the country. This will be the most important election because we're a failing nation. We're a nation that's in decline. It's a very serious decline.

Donald Trump: And it's got to be fixed. And if it's not fixed, we're not going to have this country any longer.

Taylor Lewan: You talked about your -- your love for sports, your love for athletes.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Taylor Lewan: And obviously, you're -- you pride yourself on your golf game. What other sports growing up were you heavily invested into?

Donald Trump: So, I was a very good baseball player, actually, in high school. I --

Taylor Lewan: What position were you playing?

Donald Trump: First base and sometimes catcher, but basically first place -- first base. I was good -- good fielder, good hitter. And don't forget, it wasn't like your stuff. You know, it was high school, but we played very good teams. We had a lot of good -- very good players, and we did well. I was -- you know, it's very interesting.

Donald Trump: Anything with a ball and it's hand-eye, right? If you told me gymnastics, we had a class, I was the worst. I was the worst. You know, it's funny. I had friends that were great. And yet, if you threw a ball, it would hit them in the face. You say here. They couldn't catch a ball, but they could do circles -- no, it was the craziest thing. Do you understand?

Taylor Lewan: Isn't it wild how some athletes are so great at one thing, but you tell them to do something different and it just --

Donald Trump: Well, I see it even in golf. I'll -- I'll play with somebody that's a star athlete, like great, even some of them with the ball-eye-hand-type coordination, and they won't be good golfers at all. And they never will be. They will never be.

Will Compton: That's us.

Taylor Lewan: Yeah.

Will Compton: We're kind of like that, unfortunately.

Taylor Lewan: I'll tell you, you see me on a practice swing, though, you're like man this -- this guy can --

Will Compton: Right.

Taylor Lewan: Maybe really hit it.

Will Compton: You got something to work with.

Taylor Lewan: And that thing is -- see you.

Donald Trump: You have a good practice swing.

Taylor Lewan: I know. And every golfer I ever golf with is always like, "Listen, man. You get better clubs. You get longer clubs. You'll be just fine."

Will Compton: It's your coach. It's your coach.

Taylor Lewan: And it's like no, it's not. I --

Donald Trump: You know, you can't go more than an inch.

Taylor Lewan: Oh, really?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Will Compton: Yeah, yeah.

Donald Trump: If you go more than an inch -- you're very tall, but if you go more than an inch, it's too tough to control, believe it or not. You can go an inch, but you don't want to go much more than that. It's interesting. But -- do you hit a long ball?

Taylor Lewan: Well, if I hit it right, yeah. But usually, it's just like that's a long ball, you be at first base taking me out, no problem.

Will Compton: Who's the long ball -- who -- who is the longer hitter? I -- honestly, I don't think we play enough to know.

Taylor Lewan: I guess it would be you.

Will Compton: But I -- I think I would give it to myself.

Taylor Lewan: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Will Compton: Probably hit it 230, strong 230.

Taylor Lewan: Will can have golf. I'll take every other sport.

Donald Trump: Yeah. It's funny, though, but I meet people that are unbelievable athletes, but they can't play golf. I mean, baseball players that can hit a 100 -- 100 mile-an-hour fastball, but they can't hit a golf ball that's sitting on the grass, all teed up, and ready to go. It's funny.

Taylor Lewan: Yeah. It's just waiting for him.

Will Compton: Being an avid sports fan, you made a run at the Bills in 2014.

Donald Trump: I did. I did.

Will Compton: How close -- how close were you to owning the team?

Donald Trump: No, not close. The owner who got it is a very good man. I think he's done a great job. Well, he made a great pick. He picked a great quarterback, right?

Taylor Lewan: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Josh. But no, I -- I bid $1 billion and I put up a letter of credit, and I thought I might get it because it was in Buffalo, which was having some troubles in terms of a place. And he bid 1.4 billion or 1.45 billion. So, it was $400 million more. It wasn't -- I don't think it was a very serious room, but I gave him a -- you know, I gave him a guarantee of $1 billion, so that's always serious.

Will Compton: That sounds quite serious to me.

Donald Trump: And he paid 1.4 billion. And he was in the oil business, and he's got a daughter who's a great tennis player. You know, it's very unusual that that happens. He owns a team, but his daughter is a top three or four or five tennis player. She went to the finals of the last major, whatever that major was.

Donald Trump: I watched so many majors. But -- and he's a very nice guy. I think he's terrific. I think he's done a great job with that team. He drafted a quarterback who was going to be the No. 1 draft pick. And then he said things on the internet that weren't good. You understand that. And he said -- and they passed him.

Donald Trump: I don't know what he got drafted maybe, No. 8 or 9 or something.

Taylor Lewan: Well, I think he might have been 8 or 9 or 10.

Donald Trump: What do you think? Do you have a fact-checker over there? What was --

Will Compton: No, we don't deal with fact-checkers.

Donald Trump: What was Josh --

Taylor Lewan: We kind of say on this podcast [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Was he No. 8 or 9 or something like that? And --

Question: He was the seventh.

Donald Trump: Seven.

Question: Seven [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: So, there are six teams that are saying -- you know, they fired their scouting system, right? But he's a great -- do you rate him as a great quarterback?

Will Compton: Oh, he's very good. Yes.

Taylor Lewan: Oh, yeah.

Will Compton: He's fantastic.

Donald Trump: He's done great. He's an exciting quarterback, too. But he's a -- he's a great one. And so, he was going to be No. 1, and then they found things that they didn't like, and people passed on him for that. And then so No. 7 was the Bills. It was -- pretty sure it's No. 7, right? And No. 7 was the Bills, and he picked him, and they took him around on an apology tour for a day.

Donald Trump: And he ends up with one of the best quarterbacks, which was pretty good.

Taylor Lewan: Yeah.

Donald Trump: You know. The funny thing is you never know how a quarterback's going to turn out, though, because you see people that have a zero chance of failure and they don't do well. And then you see like as we're talking about with San Francisco, right?

Will Compton: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Was he very good in college? Was he --

Will Compton: Brock Purdy?

Taylor Lewan: Brock Purdy?

Donald Trump: Yes.

Will Compton: Yeah. In Iowa State, he was solid.

Taylor Lewan: Yeah. I mean, he was good. He was --

Donald Trump: Good but not --

Taylor Lewan: Iowa State. Yeah, I think he just had -- it was kind of like a Tom Brady situation where --

Will Compton: Yeah.

Taylor Lewan: He -- there was a lot of guys that were -- people thought were better than him and he just like didn't have the arm or didn't have the speed or didn't have the accuracy. There was always --

Will Compton: [Inaudible] stuff.

Taylor Lewan: I think when you get into the sport of the NFL and the scouts, they tend to nitpick way too much and they'll talk themselves in or out of anything. That's when you see like influence from the draft as it goes, like some guys may be a top 15 pick --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Taylor Lewan: And all of a sudden, two weeks before, it's like this guy might go one overall. And he ends up going one overall. So, you just see people talking themselves in and out of things. But obviously, the kid's got incredible talent.

Donald Trump: The all-time great, and that was the great Lou Gehrig, right? You know, he had -- was it Wally Pipp? Wally Pipp?

Taylor Lewan: Yup, he came out just a little bit.

Donald Trump: Wally Pipp, right? So, Wally Pipp, it's a long time ago. It's a long time since I've told this story. But Wally Pipp was a very good first baseman. He batted like 280, great fielder. And one day, he wasn't feeling well, he said, "Coach, I just don't feel well. I'm not feeling well. I won't be able to make it today, coach."

Donald Trump: The coach looks over at the bench, takes an 18-year-old kid who -- who actually came out of college. He went to Columbia. Takes an 18-year-old kid who's sitting there, and he said, "Lou, take over first base." And "OK, coach." He goes out and he got, like, first game, two home runs, a single and a double or something.

Donald Trump: The next game, he -- you know, just he'd rip the hell out of it for three or four games.

Will Compton: Played out of his mind.

Donald Trump: He had like five or six home runs. The coach said, "Well, I've never seen anything like this." Anyway, Wally he gets better. He said, "Coach, I'm ready."

Will Compton: Job wasn't there.

Donald Trump: He looked at him and he said, "I'm sorry, Wally." You know what Wally said? "I thought you'd say that"

Taylor Lewan: Really?

Donald Trump: He understood. Yeah, I mean, you know, it was Lou Gehrig. But who knew, right? But it was Lou Gehrig, who was just a young guy out of college. He didn't -- I don't think he played in the minor leagues. He came out of college. It was a little different. That was a long time ago. But I always say to people that like people that give up their position for a day or two to somebody else because they have to be at a wedding or they have to be somewhere, I say, "Remember the story of Wally Pipp."

Will Compton: Because he was injured, too. It's like a saying is your best ability is availability because --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Will Compton: You could be injured. And then the next time you come back, the guy behind you, Lavonte David, takes over Nebraska.

Donald Trump: You never know what's going to happen. Now, the ultimate example of that was didn't he play like 2,900? He played the most games ever or something.

Taylor Lewan: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And, you know, he was -- and then he got -- then he got sick, very sick.

Taylor Lewan: You talk about guys obviously, you know, stepping out of the game for a moment and their job being taken. You're talking about this long stretch -- this -- this -- this sprint you have to the election.

Donald Trump: Yeah, that's right.

Taylor Lewan: How are you finding time to rest when you can? Because it seems like -- I mean, talking to Dana, he tells me about your schedule, how you're -- you know, three in the morning you're here, and then you're going over --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Taylor Lewan: You're just -- you're jumping all over the place.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Taylor Lewan: Where do you find time to rest?

Donald Trump: I -- I really don't find too much time to rest. Look, the way I look at it is that -- and -- and you have two opinions on this. Some people -- she rests. Kamala rests. In fact, she's almost resting all the time. She does very little. She takes, you know, days off. And I'm not knocking that. You know, that's another I guess --

Taylor Lewan: You got to get your eight hours. I'm an eight-hours guy myself.

Donald Trump: Really? No, I'm not eight hours.

Will Compton: He is or he gets cranky.

Taylor Lewan: Yeah, yeah. I get moody.

Donald Trump: I'm less than eight hours. But -- but you can't -- you know, you got, what do we have, 23 days. But I've been going for like a lot. You know, I've been -- I haven't -- I don't know what it is, but 30-something days. And I don't intend -- I was telling the guys. I said, "You guys are ready because we're going to -- this is a sprint."

Donald Trump: And it's amazing because you start off at four years, and then you have to run and you have to go through primaries and stuff and you have to get that. And it's a big deal. I've gotten three in a row, right? That's never been done before. You know, three primaries in a row, that's never been done before by anybody but FDR, right, I guess.

Donald Trump: FDR did the four-time thing, but that was before they had the -- the cap.

Taylor Lewan: I get my information off Instagram.

Donald Trump: Instagram.

Taylor Lewan: But they were saying like it takes like $98,000 a year --

Donald Trump: Yeah, I know.

Taylor Lewan: Just to live a --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Taylor Lewan: You know, middle-class lifestyle.

Donald Trump: Do you like Instagram?

Taylor Lewan: I do. I enjoy it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I like to -- I like to scroll, click a couple, hearts, put some likes out there, and stuff like that. It'll just consume you, though. There's -- there's -- there's a lot going on there.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Yeah.

Will Compton: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Oh, there's a lot.

Will Compton: I'm an X guy.

Taylor Lewan: Yeah, you're an X guy.

Donald Trump: I had -- when I -- when I first saw I was president and I got to be president, I had a lot -- I -- I started with Twitter and then I sort of liked it. I didn't even do it. I sort of dictated it, you know. And I said to the guy like how do you do this, and he showed me, and I sort of liked it. I liked the little whole thing.

Donald Trump: And I got sort of good at it. And I -- I put it out. And all of a sudden, I had like 190 million people. And then on Facebook, I did even better. And then I was on Instagram, too, and, you know -- and I was -- I had hundreds of millions of people. And Mark Zuckerberg came to the White House, who I like much better now.

Donald Trump: He's -- I actually believe he's staying out of the election, which is, you know, nice. But -- but he called me up after I was shot, and he said, "That was so brave," which was nice. I didn't feel it was brave. I felt like, you know, I just wanted to get off the ground. I didn't like it. I knew I was shot in the ear.

Donald Trump: A lot of the Secret Service didn't think so. They thought I was shot all over because there was blood all over the place. The ear bleeds more. Did you ever get a cut in the ear because it bleeds?

Taylor Lewan: Yeah, it won't stop.

Donald Trump: It doesn't stop, and I will tell you from personal experience. And I do -- I have respect for Elon a lot because Elon -- and -- and by the way, he's another one that respects Dana White a lot. He respects him a lot. But Elon is a different kind of a guy. What he did is he bought something that was run by the radical left lunatics, and he opened it up.

Donald Trump: You know, he made it -- he made it for people not necessarily conservative. He opened it up. He made it fair because I'll tell you, it wasn't fair. When -- when we were there, they -- they didn't even want conservative -- a conservative voice on. I don't know if you guys -- how you feel about that. I don't know your politics too well.

Taylor Lewan: No, I know --

Donald Trump: I know your sports better than your politics.

Taylor Lewan: I feel like having the ability to speak how you want is important.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Taylor Lewan: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's free, you know. And he did that, and it's like, you know, what he did is a great -- I don't know how it works out financially for him, but he's rich and he can do what he wants to do. But he opened it up. And, you know, that's such an important thing that he did. You got to hand it to him. He's really an incredible -- he's like this incredible guy.

Donald Trump: He said today that -- he's actually campaigning for me in Pennsylvania. [Begin videotape]

Will Compton: We interrupt this episode to bring you our Spooktober merch. The boys, we celebrate the 31 Days of Fright that kicks off all of the holiday season. The rules are simple. You refer to October as Spooktober. You embrace the spook every week by enjoying lattes, enjoying the festivities that October Spooktober brings.

Will Compton: You hit something on the weekends, whether it's a pumpkin patch, a haunted house, whatever the case may be. We're here to shout out our Spooktober merch. We have spooky season available. Delanie Walker, he'll show you the back of these tees. We have them in a couple of different colorways. All you got to do is head to store.

Will Compton: barstoolsports.com, click on the brand, Bussin' With The Boys. You will find our Spooktober merch there. We have again these graphic tees. And then we simply have our Spooktober tees that come in different colorways. You know, you can show both of them, Delanie. But again, store.barstoolsports.com, click on the Bussin' With The Boys brand, you will find all the merch there.

Will Compton: Embrace the spook with the boys, enjoy the 31 Days of Fright, and get excited for Halloween and the rest of the holidays that are going to follow. Back to the episode. [End videotape] Make America great again. Would you say that involves the Nebraska Cornhuskers winning a national title?

Donald Trump: Well, how are they doing so far?

Will Compton: Right now, we are sitting with a good record of five and one. We're on a biweek right now. We're getting well-rested. We got Indiana next week. I think we can take care of business there, but they're tough.

Taylor Lewan: Good ball club, Indiana, though. That's a good ball club.

Donald Trump: Well you know -- you know I love Nebraska. Great people. I won the state by, I don't know, like 20 points, a lot. You had a great football coach for many years who was a silent person, very unusual, right? You know who I'm talking about.

Will Compton: Is that Tom Osborne? Yup.

Taylor Lewan: Tom Osborne.

Donald Trump: Yeah. So, Tom Osborne was a great coach, and he was a silent coach, a total -- is he still living?

Will Compton: Yeah, yeah.

Donald Trump: Boy, I'll tell you, that guy was a good coach for years and never -- not a rah-rah coach at all, just a total professional coach. I wonder what he was like in real life because, you know, it seems so unusual, right?

Will Compton: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But they would just be brutal. And they had a good -- and then all of a sudden, they went back -- you know, they just -- when he wasn't there, they didn't do so well. But now, they've gotten -- you know, they've gotten better.

Will Compton: Yeah. We had a decent run from '08 to 2013, '14.

Donald Trump: Well, it's always going to be decent, right?

Will Compton: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But -- because it's [Inaudible] it's a football -- it's a football --

Taylor Lewan: They get the monkey off their back of finally getting to a bowl game [Inaudible]

Will Compton: Yeah. Now, we get right [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Where did you guys play in -- in college?

Will Compton: 2008 to 2013, I was --

Donald Trump: At Nebraska?

Will Compton: Yeah. Nebraska. Yeah.

Donald Trump: Oh, that's good. So, you're --

Taylor Lewan: I was, '09 to '13, at Michigan.

Donald Trump: Wow.

Taylor Lewan: But I was at Michigan in the dark days.

Donald Trump: What position did you play?

Taylor Lewan: Left tackle, offensive line.

Donald Trump: Wow. That's good. So, how much heavier were you then?

Taylor Lewan: I was -- I'm about 255 now. I was 310 then.

Donald Trump: No kidding.

Taylor Lewan: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Man, that's --

Taylor Lewan: It takes a lot [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Why? You decided you wanted to live?

Taylor Lewan: What's that?

Donald Trump: You decided you wanted to live, right?

Taylor Lewan: Yeah. Honestly, I didn't know -- when you -- when you weighed that much, you don't realize how much you feel it in your knees and your back and everything like that. And then you start -- the weight starts to come off, and you're like I had no idea.

Donald Trump: You don't it that often where -- because I know a lot of linemen. I know a lot of -- lot of players. I know a lot --

Taylor Lewan: Of those --

Donald Trump: And what position did you play?

Will Compton: Linebacker.

Donald Trump: That's good. But he was good, right?

Taylor Lewan: He was solid, yeah. I mean, yeah, like classic white linebacker, gritty, hardworking.

Donald Trump: So, you would say that Lawrence was the best?

Will Compton: Yeah, especially rushing the passer. On the inside, probably Ray Lewis, Luke Kuechly.

Donald Trump: Yeah, Ray Lewis was great.

Will Compton: Yeah. Well, how do you feel about the new kick --

Donald Trump: Green Bay -- Green Bay had some great ones, right?

Will Compton: Yeah. How do you feel about the -- the new kickoff rule?

Donald Trump: I think it's terrible.

Will Compton: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I think it's terrible. What are they doing? Now, college hasn't done that, right?

Will Compton: No, college is still the same.

Donald Trump: And do you think they will do it?

Taylor Lewan: I hope not. There's -- to me, there's something --

Will Compton: I think they'll adopt --

Taylor Lewan: If you --

Will Compton: I think they'll adopt and follow the NFL.

Donald Trump: You think they'll do it?

Will Compton: I think so.

Taylor Lewan: Well, they don't -- they don't do two feet.

Donald Trump: Do you like it?

Taylor Lewan: They don't do two feet on a catch. They -- they have like different sets of rules.

Will Compton: Right.

Taylor Lewan: They have different overtime rules. They've had that for a long time.

Will Compton: Right. Right.

Donald Trump: I think the one foot is a good idea.

Taylor Lewan: I like the one foot, better stats.

Donald Trump: You know what, it's too complicated, the two feet. I mean, if you didn't have slow motion, you know, replay where you see everything perfectly -- I mean --

Taylor Lewan: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's amazing. In the old days, they didn't have that. Guys were -- they had two feet out and they were called. It's sort of great to be able to do that. But -- but one foot is so much -- it's so, so much simpler, unless you have cameras, in which case, it doesn't matter that much.

Will Compton: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I like the one foot much better. What do they have, I have one foot in college, right?

Taylor Lewan: Yeah, one foot in college.

Will Compton: Yeah.

Taylor Lewan: Two in NFL. The -- the thing that I love about like the old kickoff rule is like if you think about every Super Bowl, the slow-mo of them kicking the ball, all the cameras going off and all the players running downfield, like I feel like that's such an iconic move --

Will Compton: Right.

Taylor Lewan: For the NFL. And now, that's dead.

Donald Trump: So, let me ask you, do you -- so I haven't been -- I've been sort of busy, I haven't been able to watch too much football, in all fairness. And if I did, I'd be -- you know, it would be a dereliction of duty. Do you understand?

Taylor Lewan: Yes.

Donald Trump: I'm supposed to be running, I can't watch too much football. But I just saw it the other day, and I was amazed by it. To me, it's ugly. It's actually ugly. It's not football. Do you like it or do you like it?

Taylor Lewan: No. I'm personally not a fan of it.

Will Compton: I just -- I like it for the players because, ultimately, they're not doing a whole lot. But for entertainment and the -- the --

Donald Trump: Well, they're saying it's --

Will Compton: Old-school style of football --

Donald Trump: They're saying it's dangerous because the hitting is pretty fierce when you're running that far, right? You're running into --

Will Compton: Right. Right. So, they're basically lining guys up five yards apart.

Donald Trump: Yeah, but somehow it's -- you know, it's supposed to be football. And I played football, too. I didn't particularly like it.

Will Compton: What position were you?

Donald Trump: No, I didn't like it. I played tight -- tight end.

Taylor Lewan: Yeah. Can block, can catch.

Donald Trump: And I didn't like it.

Will Compton: You had some hands.

Taylor Lewan: We got Delanie Walker behind.

Donald Trump: I could catch the ball good, but I didn't particularly like having some guy that was lifting weights all day long and came from a bad neighborhood.

Taylor Lewan: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And he sees me, and they were tackling hard. I -- you know -- and I had a quarterback without much of an arm --

Will Compton: Yeah.

Donald Trump: To throw the ball. It wasn't like -- but this wasn't high-quality football. But I -- I didn't like it too much. I love baseball.

Taylor Lewan: You talk about your -- like, your childhood. We are -- this is -- the shirt I'm wearing right now. This is Spooktober, and it's like -- for us, it's like the kickoff to the holiday season: Halloween, October, all that. In the Trump household as a kid, was your family big on holidays?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Taylor Lewan: Yeah?

Donald Trump: I was. And my father loved -- my mother loved -- we -- they had a great marriage. They were married for many years. That's where he beat me. He beat me on that.

Taylor Lewan: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I said, "Pop, I'm not going to catch you."

Taylor Lewan: He beat me -- he beat me on that.

Donald Trump: I'm not going to catch you. No.

Taylor Lewan: Yeah. You're not going to win them all.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Yeah. Great marriage, a great wife, great husband. But no, it was -- it's so funny. I see my guys going crazy over here. So, I said to them, "Listen, I've been doing this stuff since 6:30 in the morning, so we'll do this one quick." I thought I'd be with you guys for maybe -- I said, "Maybe we'll do it for four or five minutes, and I'll get --" I found this so -- this is great.

Taylor Lewan: Well [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Well, this is what they call long form, right?

Will Compton: Yes. Absolutely.

Donald Trump: It's cool. It's better than like, you know, boom, boom, boom and you go. But no, I thought -- right, fellas? I thought I'd be here for just a short while. These guys are great. I could do it for hours. I could do it for hours with them. It's -- you know, a lot of people you meet, even for interviews, and you wouldn't feel this way.

Donald Trump: You know, you want to sort of get out of there, right? And I wasn't in the mood to do this. I've been -- I just left the Economic Club of Detroit. I made a two-hour speech. Then I left Maria Bartiromo. She gave me a, what, one hour, at least, interview. And then I said, "OK. Is that it for the day?" "No, you're going to meet a couple of young handsome athletes." They said, "One of them is six foot seven --"

Taylor Lewan: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And the other one is just a pure good athlete.

Taylor Lewan: Just a pure good athlete. And the other one.

Donald Trump: I said, "Let me ask you --" I said, "Let me ask you, is there a way we want to do it tomorrow or so?"

Taylor Lewan: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Anyway. No, this was -- this was -- we had a lot of fun. I had a lot of fun with you, guys.

Will Compton: Yeah, no, we appreciate it.

Taylor Lewan: Yeah, we do.

Will Compton: If I could ask one --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Will Compton: If I could ask one more question?

Taylor Lewan: And I'll -- I'll do one more as well, and then we'll --

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Will Compton: Because the country feels very divided right now.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Will Compton: I know people are going to watch this episode. There's going to be a lot of people that love it. I know even personally, like, I'm going to have people that are going to be disappointed in it, which is unfortunate.

Donald Trump: This episode?

Will Compton: Yeah. I think majority will love this episode.

Donald Trump: I think so, vast majority. They're going to say he's such a nice guy.

Will Compton: Yeah. If you're --

Donald Trump: Now, everyone says that. When I do these things, they say, "He's so different than I thought. He's such a nice guy." I'm actually not a nice guy, but -- no, I'm actually -- I'm actually -- I think I am a nice guy, actually. But no, I think they'll think it'll be interesting. I'll tell you one thing. You know what you're going to do? You're going to get the highest ratings you've ever had.

Donald Trump: And I don't know why. I have no idea why, but that'll happen. You know, I did Gutfeld. He's great. He's a great guy. And he got his highest ratings in the history of his show, and he had the No. 1 show of the week. You're going to get high ratings, and I don't know why. But you'll let me know what your ratings are, right?

Will Compton: Absolutely.

Taylor Lewan: Oh, yeah. We can get an analysis, for sure.

Donald Trump: Do you have a thing -- is yours called ratings or is it called hits?

Will Compton: Views, downloads.

Taylor Lewan: Like rating numbers, views.

Will Compton: It's the same thing. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Donald Trump: So, whatever. It's like how many people are watching.

Taylor Lewan: Yeah, absolutely.

Will Compton: Knowing that this division, it feels where it's at the temperature in America like if you're elected in November, like, how will you look to unite everybody through your communication, your behavior?

Donald Trump: Yeah, it's a great question. It's a great question. So, you want to see the country united, but we have like two very different -- you have a very conservative side and a conservative side and then you have people that want to see an open border and things. I mean, you know, I don't -- a lot of it is so far out.

Donald Trump: Like, for instance, they want men playing in women's sports. I don't think I could ever say I'm thrilled about that, OK? I've seen it. I've seen people really hurt. In the Olympics, you had two boxers that transitioned to women, and in the women's boxing, they both won gold medals. And you saw the one, the young Italian girl got hit a couple of times.

Donald Trump: She said, "Oh, I'm -- bye, bye. I'm out of here."

Will Compton: Yeah, she should have stayed in the ring.

Donald Trump: No, the whole thing -- huh?

Will Compton: She should have stayed in the ring.

Donald Trump: Well, it was sort of weird, right?

Will Compton: Yeah. You -- you fight your entire life for that moment. You know going into it, you're probably going to face this.

Donald Trump: It was a weird thing. I mean, she got hit very hard, and only with lefts. You know, it's boom, and she then walked back to the corner. She said, "I just got hit by a horse. I can't take it." And then she walked back. You're right about -- a little bit right, but -- but she's fighting a man. She is fighting a man.

Will Compton: But you know -- you know. Like, if you train, like all you think about, like there is no tomorrow, like everything we trained for. It doesn't matter what they throw at you --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Will Compton: You're going in the ring. You're going to win.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Will Compton: You get hit with just a couple of jabs. Yeah, she might have been hit hard. I'm sure she's been hit harder, and it's part.

Donald Trump: Did you see it? Did you see that?

Will Compton: Yeah, yeah, I was watching.

Donald Trump: She got hit -- beautiful girl. She got hit by two jabs, and that was the end of it.

Will Compton: Yeah, she stepped out.

Donald Trump: That's interesting. He said -- she said -- so, in other words, she should have gotten the shit knocked out of herself.

Will Compton: No, she could have got in there and scrapped and go with. [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: He's a nasty guy.

Will Compton: Scrapped and go with.

Taylor Lewan: Will wanted to see blood. Will was -- Will was about blood.

Donald Trump: No, he's a sadist.

Will Compton: I only say we -- we come -- we come all this way for you to tap out.

Donald Trump: He wants her to go in there and just get the hell beat out of her.

Taylor Lewan: Will has seen the movie "Rocky" way too many times.

Will Compton: Yeah. Yeah. She's Italian, the Italian stallion, Rocky Balboa.

Donald Trump: But she had a beautiful face. She wants her on the floor, bleeding profusely, broken nose that'll never be the same again, scar down the face. You're a tough guy. He's a tough guy.

Taylor Lewan: You should -- you should hear some stories this guy tells.

Donald Trump: She might have done the right thing, and I'm not one that says that she might have -- but anyway. So, no, but the two guys, there were two of them, and they both won a gold medal. How about the weightlifting? You know, records haven't been broken for like years, and they put an eighth of an ounce and another eighth on the -- and, you know, the girl can't do it.

Will Compton: Yeah.

Donald Trump: The guy comes along. She -- the whole -- the whole thing is ridiculous. So, OK, let's get back to your question, right, the weave.

Will Compton: Yeah, the phenomenal weave.

Donald Trump: You forgot about the weave.

Taylor Lewan: Let's get back to the question.

Donald Trump: He forgot, but I did not.

Will Compton: United.

Taylor Lewan: Hey, honestly, I didn't know you were going to come back to it.

Donald Trump: The thing -- yeah. But -- no, I have to do it otherwise, they'll say maybe -- you know, you always have to come back. What happens is that I think that we have to have success. If I -- when I was running the country, we had by the second and a half year, like two and a half years, three years, just before COVID came, we had the most successful country in history ever.

Donald Trump: This country was doing the best -- best numbers in every category, no matter what category, including employment and everything. And I was getting called by people on the radical left that I would never have ever thought wanting to see me because everybody they knew was working. Radical left people had jobs, making more money than ever.

Donald Trump: And I'm telling you, the country was -- then we got hit by the COVID stuff and we had to go back to work. But everybody was working. Everybody was successful. They had great jobs. They were making more money than they ever made. Everything was good. And I'm telling you, the country was coming together, OK, despite the fact that, you know, the -- what we were saying before about the divisions, like, you know, how do you have open borders.

Donald Trump: Some people -- I don't think a lot of people like it, but some people do. But the country was coming together. And now -- and if you would have asked me that question before this, I would have said it's sort of two countries and you just have to work it out. But I'll tell you, I experienced unbelievable success leading the country just prior to COVID.

Donald Trump: Numbers that -- the stock market was at an all-time -- everything was, like, perfect and the country was coming together. So, now, I can honestly answer that question, say success will bring the country together, you know. OK? See, we got right back to that.

Will Compton: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Taylor Lewan: That was beautiful.

Will Compton: Yeah.

Taylor Lewan: We have a guest question.

Donald Trump: OK.

Taylor Lewan: And it comes from a gentleman named Jordan Roos. So, Jordan played offensive line. I played with him at the Tennessee Titans. He's a massive fan.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Taylor Lewan: So, this is a two-part question for you. I'll let you hold that and just press play on that.

Donald Trump: OK. Press the middle, right?

Taylor Lewan: Yup.

Donald Trump: He's a handsome man.

Taylor Lewan: Yeah. [Begin videotape]

Jordan Roos: President Trump, huge fan. My name is Jordan Roos. And my question for you is what has allowed you to be so resilient considering all you've been through, whether it's the weaponization of the Justice Department, attacks on you, your family, censorship, two assassination attempts? What has allowed you to be -- be so resilient and to fight?

Jordan Roos: And my guy, my other question, I got to know, what's the most amount of weight you've ever bench pressed? [End videotape]

Donald Trump: Well, bench press.

Will Compton: Yeah, yeah.

Donald Trump: Well, you know, I don't want to tell him because if I tell it, it's not much. I don't --

Taylor Lewan: You don't think so.

Donald Trump: I don't think so. I don't think it's too much. I don't know. It's never been my -- my -- I'd have to -- let's do it sometime. Well, next time, we'll meet, we'll start lifting weights.

Taylor Lewan: We'll bring a bench press.

Will Compton: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Now, is -- is he live right now?

Taylor Lewan: No, no, that's -- no, that's a video.

Donald Trump: OK. Good because --

Taylor Lewan: That he sent you.

Donald Trump: I'm talking to him. I'm just wondering.

Taylor Lewan: Yeah, I'll take that back. Yeah. Yeah. [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, Jordan. I appreciate it. And he looks --

Taylor Lewan: So, well, let's --

Donald Trump: He looks he can bench press a lot. I don't know.

Taylor Lewan: He's an absolute house. There's no doubt about it. He's a dense human being.

Donald Trump: He was a great player?

Taylor Lewan: Yeah, good, good -- gritty player.

Donald Trump: Did he go to the NFL?

Taylor Lewan: Yeah, he played for Purdue Boilermakers, played for Seattle for a little bit, and then --

Will Compton: Titans.

Taylor Lewan: Came to Titans.

Donald Trump: Well, he looks like a great guy. So, his question, essentially, you're -- you're very resilient. How do you basically take it?

Taylor Lewan: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Because I have been through a lot, more than -- I think more than any president. Tell him that it was always Andrew Jackson, they said was the one who was most abused. Andrew Jackson. He was a good president and he was a great general, but he was a good president, too. He was very abused, so -- so much so that his wife died very, very young, and she died because of heartache of what he went through and what they went through.

Donald Trump: And the second was Abraham Lincoln. But, you know, he was in a little thing called the Civil War, right? But he was very badly abused. And now, I think they probably say Trump blows him away, if you want to know the truth. I -- I think the answer -- because a lot of people do ask me this question, how do you take it? How do you take it? How do you get up in the morning? They actually say, "How do you get up in the morning and go to work? They're always after you. They're -- they want to indict you. They want to put you in prison. They want to --"

Donald Trump: They're animals, OK? They're animals. They're sick people. I have a guy named -- I call him deranged Jack Smith. I mean, he was put out there -- this was -- this was the weaponization of justice. And probably, it's the first time it's happened. I don't think I'd be as popular if they -- if it didn't happen, OK, because I explain it to the public.

Donald Trump: It's not pleasant, but I explain it to the public and I said here's what happened. And they know it's true. They put -- they go after me to try and hurt me politically so they can beat me in an election. And it's actually had the opposite effect. It's made me more popular. It's actually made me more popular.

Donald Trump: And just told you I try not to think about it the way he phrased the question. I just say screw it. Whatever happens, happens, and do the right thing. You know, I see guys at golf or in sports, but they want to drop a three-pointer. They try so hard. And in the end, it's like -- it's really unattractive.

Donald Trump: It's -- and then you watch some other guys, they're like -- you know, do you ever see Lee Trevino play golf? You know, he's loose as a goose or -- or some other -- you know, just bing, it goes in. I try to take it less seriously than I should. I should take it more seriously, but if I do -- if I did that, I don't think I'd be with you guys today.

Donald Trump: I really don't. I fight very hard. And I'll also fight nasty because you have to because these are sick people. These actually are people -- I think a lot of these people are sick, the people that do what Jordan is saying. And he's no fan of theirs either, I can tell you. I love him because he's like so many of our people.

Donald Trump: That's the attitude. There's spirit and there's tremendous love. But I try to be very loose and just say it doesn't matter. You got to do what's right. And I get through it pretty easily. I'll tell you, it also helps, I think, that it's made me much more popular. I don't know that I'd be this popular.

Donald Trump: I mean, I'm leading -- I beat all the Republicans easily, very easily. I mean, in record time, right, record fashion. And the -- the -- the indictments came and all the problems came from Biden and Harris. You know she was a prosecutor. She probably used whatever talent she has, which isn't much, and she would come after me over nothing, over -- over documents that Biden turned out to have a problem.

Donald Trump: And I won the case. And come after me. When I explained to the public -- and I would have a news conference and I would explain it in great detail, and they would believe me. They understand. It's not even a question of belief. They would believe me. And -- but just tell them, I -- I really appreciate him because I have so many people that I -- I respect that are just like him.

Donald Trump: You have to just fight your way through it. And you cannot let it get you down. You have to just fight like hell and don't let it get you down and try not to take it -- it's serious. It's very serious. But try not to take it so seriously that you become immobilized because I've had friends that have gone through far less and they become basket cases. And you don't want that to happen.

Taylor Lewan: We appreciate your time today.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Taylor Lewan: Thank you for sitting down with us. As much -- you been traveling around and stuff like that, taking this hour, that has been awesome.

Donald Trump: It's all right.

Taylor Lewan: We really do appreciate it.

Will Compton: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's all right.

Will Compton: A couple of boys with the bus.

Donald Trump: I found it interesting.

Will Compton: A couple of boys.

Donald Trump: If these guys weren't driving me crazy over here, I'd stay -- I'd stay for another two hours with you guys. You're two interesting guys, and that's why you're doing so well. You're doing great.

Taylor Lewan: I appreciate that.

Will Compton: Yeah. Thank you.

Donald Trump: And my son says hello. My six-foot-nine son says hello.

Taylor Lewan: Yeah.

Will Compton: Yeah.

Taylor Lewan: That's two inches taller.

Donald Trump: Thinks you guys are -- yeah, he's a little taller than you, I'd say.

Will Compton: Yeah, he likes to go business.

Donald Trump: I look at some guy, I say, "My son is taller than them. That's crazy." Have a good time, fellas.

Taylor Lewan: Well, we appreciate it. Thank you so much.

Donald Trump: Good luck with your lives.

Taylor Lewan: Thank you. You as well.

Donald Trump: We'll do it again sometime.

Taylor Lewan: Yeah, absolutely.

Will Compton: Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: That's great.

Will Compton: Thank you very much, sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Taylor Lewan: Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you.