Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-fox-and-friends-team-july-25-2024

Brian Kilmeade: Joining us now on the phone, the 45th president of the United States who wants to be the 47th, the GOP presidential nominee, President Trump. Mr. President, welcome back. We used to do this before you were running for office. Now, we're back doing it with the stakes much higher than who's going to win "The Apprentice." But let's talk about that speech last night.

Brian Kilmeade: Do you think we learned why Joe Biden left, decided not to run against you?

Donald Trump: Well, I think it was a coup. They didn't want him running. He was way down in the polls. And they thought he was going to lose. They came to him and said, "You can't win the race," which I think is true, unless I did something very foolish, which I wasn't going to do. And I think he was so far down, and they said, "You're not going to win and you're not in great shape and you did poorly in the debate." I think the debate started everything.

Donald Trump: It really started the fall. If he didn't have the debate -- and remember, they challenged me, I didn't challenge them. They said, "Let's have a debate." They gave me everything I didn't want from Jake Tapper to everybody else in CNN. And, you know, they -- I said I'll take it. Because I was surprised that he was willing to debate, so we debated.

Donald Trump: It didn't turn out well. But it really began from the debate. And the ratings -- his approval numbers went very bad. And I was beating him by a lot. And all of a sudden, you could see what was happening. They were trying to do a coup. And, you know, I have it from very good information. I know a lot of people on the other side, too, that they went and they forced him out between Pelosi and Obama and some others that you see on television.

Donald Trump: It was interesting. I'd watch them on television, and they act so nice. "Oh, yes. We love Joe. We love Joe." Behind the scenes, I know for a fact they were brutal. And they pushed him out.

Lawrence Jones: So, Mr. President, should he have taken yesterday, doing that Oval Office address, to resign? Because there's clearly something up right now. The reports are coming out that he's falling asleep in cabinet meetings, the scripting, everything. You have aides saying that Nancy Pelosi had to take over infrastructure negotiation because he was all over the place.

Lawrence Jones: Should he have resigned yesterday in his speech?

Donald Trump: He's been this way for a long time. He hid in his basement during COVID. They pulled a fast one. He was in his basement. He was doing -- I was campaigning. I said, "Where is this guy?" He's never out. And he's been this way for a long time. I think he's worse now. I watched his speech last night. And, look, the amazing thing is you look at the other networks, they say, "Oh, wasn't that a wonderful speech?

Donald Trump: Wasn't he wonderful?" It was just -- it was terrible. It was like a terrible speech and terrible delivery. He looked like he was having problems. And yet, you watch the other networks and you would think he was Ronald Reagan in his prime, Winston Churchill in his prime, and he wasn't. It was not good. It was not a good speech.

Donald Trump: The look, the sound, the voice, everything. And, you know, it's so phony what's going on. The press is so -- it's so fake. Anybody can see it was a problem. He's a problemed man. Should he stay? I guess that's up to him and it's up to the people. And I don't think they should use the 25th Amendment. You have -- not long ago, you know, we have four months now, and then he's got another month and a half.

Donald Trump: But I will say this, the world is in a very dangerous place. I think if he goes, she then takes over, and she's worse than he is. I really believe she's a San Francisco radical. She's actually, I think, a much worse -- in a way, a much worse candidate than he is. And she's not doing very well in the polls, considering she's got a little birthday present.

Ainsley Earhardt: Well, she's so progressive, and you can just look at her voting record. Nonpartisan government track says she's the most liberal U.S. Senator. That's -- she's more liberal than Bernie Sanders when you look at her record. And last night, I don't know if you watched Sean's show, but in his A block, his monologue, he went through all of her radical proposals.

Ainsley Earhardt: And then, he would say, listen to it in her own words. And then he'd play a soundbite of what she wanted to do and her saying that she wanted to do this. She's against fracking, she's -- likes the open border, she's not going to criminalize people who walk across the border, on and on and on. It just laid out how drastic her policies are.

Ainsley Earhardt: Can America survive a Kamala Harris presidency?

Donald Trump: No. And she also wants to defund the police and she really wants to do it more than any other person. She's the most radical person probably that we've had in office, let alone the office of the presidency. She was a horrible campaigner when she ran. You know, she ran against Biden. And I thought he was terrible, but she was terrible.

Donald Trump: She was horrible. And she was the meanest person up there. You know, she was meaner to him than anybody else. She accused him of being a racist with the buses, if you remember. She was the meanest person, but not a very good debater, but nasty, just nasty to him. And then, when he chose her, I said, "How do you do that?" A person treats you so badly -- he was treated so badly during the debates.

Donald Trump: And he wasn't all there even during those debates. I mean, that was a long time ago. He still wasn't there. You know, if you know him, he wasn't there 25 years ago. He was not exactly the brightest bulb in the ceiling. And this is what we got. And look at our country now with 20 million. Because I saw you talking before to Rachel's mom, and it was very sad.

Donald Trump: I know them. And it's very -- what happened to Rachel was so horrible. And what happened to so many families and so many people in families with all of the criminals pouring into our country. And remember this, every single country all over the world, unless they're stupid, is releasing their prisoners and their gang members and their bad people into our country.

Donald Trump: Venezuela, which has a tremendous problem with crime in Caracas and other places, Venezuela is releasing thousands of people, criminals, gang members, drug dealers, the worst. They're releasing them into the United States. Venezuelan crime is down 72 percent. Their prison population is becoming much smaller.

Donald Trump: I'm surprised they haven't just moved all of them. They will. They'll soon have no prisoners. All of the prisoners are being moved into the United States. And that's true with many other countries. It's true with countries all over. The Congo in Africa is releasing their prisoners into the United States.

Steve Doocy: So Mr. --

Donald Trump: And we are so stupid that we take them. And nothing is good -- nothing good is going to happen. And we have terrorists coming in at a level that we've never seen, mostly from the Middle East. Terrorists are coming into our country at a level that we've never seen before. And this is so bad for our country.

Donald Trump: There is nothing good about it. This is so bad for our country.

Steve Doocy: And there, we were looking at some of the video from the new caravan that is heading our way. Mr. President, you know, it was just about a week ago that you selected J. D. Vance to be your running mate. Now, we know that Kamala -- at that point, you didn't know that Kamala Harris was going to be your main opponent, but now she is. And I'm sure you've seen, there have been a couple of stories out that say, they wonder whether or not you feel you made the right pick, given the fact you didn't realize you were going to be running against a woman who might now try to pick a running mate to deliver a key state or a demographic or anything like that.

Steve Doocy: You're still 100% behind J. D. Vance, right?

Donald Trump: He's fantastic. Yeah, no, it wouldn't have mattered. And I thought she was probably going to happen anyway because I knew -- I knew there was a palace coup going on, and I assumed that she'd be probably getting it.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: She had the advantage. So, no, it wouldn't matter. No, he's doing a fantastic job. He goes around. He's essentially for the worker. He's seen the worker be horribly abused and taken advantage of, and he's for the worker. That's what his book is about.

Steve Doocy: Yup.

Donald Trump: That's what his feelings are.

Steve Doocy: Gotcha.

Donald Trump: Now he's for the worker. No, he's great. He's doing a great job, and he's been very well received.

Brian Kilmeade: Well, Kamala Harris has given two speeches now that she's the candidate, and she's going to -- they're almost identical speeches. This is what she's doing. She's going after you this way. Watch.

Kamala Harris: [Commercial break] Before I was elected vice president, before I was elected United States senator, I was elected attorney general of the state of California, and I was a courtroom prosecutor before then. I took on perpetrators of all kinds, predators who abused women, fraudsters who ripped off consumers.

Kamala Harris: Cheaters who broke the rules for their own gain. So, hear me when I say, I know Donald Trump's type. And in this campaign, I promise you. I will proudly put my record against his any day of the week. [Commercial break]

Brian Kilmeade: There's the attack, what's the retort?

Donald Trump: Well, I think it's disgusting. And I get a kick out of one thing. They say, "Sir, be nice. You just got hit with a bullet. Maybe he's changed. Be nice. And I'd love to be nice, but I'm dealing against real garbage when you hear that. They've weaponized the justice system against me. They've indicted me four times.

Donald Trump: They've pushed other lawsuits onto me. It's never happened to this country. This is like a third-world country, what they've done, a banana republic. Every single court case that I have is pushed on by them. They've taken the Justice Department, used local DAs, and used local attorney generals. Every single case I have, and I just won the big one in Florida that Biden didn't win.

Donald Trump: What happened to Biden is they called him incompetent. He can run for president, but --

Brian Kilmeade: Documents case.

Donald Trump: He's incompetent to represent himself in court. But just so you know, they push all these cases on me, they're the ones that started. And then they say, "I'm a prosecutor, he's a criminal." They're the ones -- every case is started by them. And I'm winning the cases. But every case -- and the big one I just won in Florida was just thrown out by a brilliant judge, to be honest with you.

Brian Kilmeade: Aileen Cannon.

Donald Trump: And it's disgraceful, it's disgraceful that they can do this. It's called weaponization, and it does happen in other countries.

Lawrence Jones: So, Mr. President --

Brian Kilmeade: But does it get under your skin?

Donald Trump: It's never happened in this country before.

Brian Kilmeade: So, does that get under your skin when those comments are made because that's what they're meant to do?

Donald Trump: It's not a question of getting under your skin. You fight back. I fought back, I think, very valiantly. But they weaponized the United States Justice Department against Donald Trump for purposes of hurting their political opponent. And so far, and I think long term, it's had a positive effect. My poll numbers are high.

Donald Trump: They're higher than they've ever been. People don't like what they're doing. They weaponized it to go after a political opponent. Now -- and she was very much in charge, and she was a prosecutor, but she was a failed prosecutor. She put a lot of people in jail that should have never been there. She put people in jail that were political enemies.

Donald Trump: She's bad news. She's a radical left, not very smart person.

Lawrence Jones: So, Mr. President --

Donald Trump: She failed her bar exam. She couldn't even pass her bar exam.

Lawrence Jones: So, speaking of --

Donald Trump: It was brutal in there. She couldn't pass it. She thought she'd never be able to pass it. This is what we have as our next president?

Lawrence Jones: So, speaking of radical, Mr. President, we've been watching these protests. And while the prime minister of Israel was giving a great speech yesterday, you had protesters burning the American flag. They were screaming, "Allahu akbar." They had the Palestinian flag. They took the American flag down. They were writing Hamas on the bell outside of Union Station.

Lawrence Jones: What does a Donald Trump do if he takes office to these people on the street?

Donald Trump: Rarely have we seen anything like this. And I think you should get a one-year jail sentence if you do anything to desecrate the American flag. Now, people will say, "Oh, it's unconstitutional." Those are stupid people. Those are stupid people that say that. We have to work in Congress to get a one-year jail sentence.

Donald Trump: When they're allowed to stomp on the flag and put lighter fluid on the flag and set it afire, when you're allowed to do that, you get a one-year jail sentence, and you'll never see it again. And all over the world, Putin and President Xi of China, all over the world, they're watching this. Kim Jong Un, he looks at us like we're a bunch of babies.

Donald Trump: They see that. That wouldn't happen in their countries. It's impossible for that to happen in their country. What we have, we look so bad to the world. That was a disgraceful display yesterday.

Ainsley Earhardt: The prime minister had a beautiful speech. It was wonderful. And he introduced some of the hostages that we've all been praying for. They were standing up. He introduced us to some of the IDF soldiers who had lost limbs and talked about how radical Iran is and what's happening in Gaza. I know you're meeting with him tomorrow after Kamala Harris snubbed him and didn't go to the speech.

Ainsley Earhardt: What is your plan if you become president to end the war in Gaza?

Donald Trump: Well, first of all, he was very nice to me yesterday. He mentioned me in the speech --

Ainsley Earhardt: He did.

Donald Trump: Very nicely, and I appreciated that. He's coming to see me. I want him to finish up and get it done quickly. You got to get it done quickly because they are getting decimated with this publicity. And you know, Israel is not very good at public relations, I'll tell you that. Israel, for whatever reason, you have Jewish people out there wearing yarmulkes, and they're, you know, pro-Palestine.

Donald Trump: You've never seen anything -- people have never seen anything like this. Israel has to handle their public relations. Their public relations are not good. And they've got to get this done fast because the world is not taking lightly to it. It's really incredible. You know, October 7th would have never happened if I was president.

Donald Trump: There was no chance. Iran was broke. They had no money for Hamas or Hezbollah. It just wouldn't have happened, zero chance. By the way, Ukraine, the attack by Russia, would have never happened during Ukraine.

Brian Kilmeade: Mr. President, they're soul-walking weapons to Israel now, and they're deciding what weapons Israel should be using. Would you change that policy?

Donald Trump: I'd make sure that it gets over with fast. You have to end this fast. It can't continue to go on like this. It's too long. It's too much. You got to get your hostages back. I think they're going to have a lot of bad news with the hostages. I think some of those hostages, many of them maybe are dead. I believe they're dead.

Donald Trump: I watched them as they took the hostages in disbelief. Again, it would have never happened if I was president. I watched them as they took the hostages. The level of violence and viciousness, the way they pulled that young girl into a car by her hair and threw her like a sack of potatoes. And I don't believe that they're really capable of taking care of all these hostages.

Donald Trump: And I think you're going to find that one of the reasons that Hamas is not really negotiating very nicely, I think, they're saying, "Wow, they want the hostages back, and we've killed the hostages." I think a lot of the hostages are dead.

Steve Doocy: Right. Mr. President, we all watched your rally last night. Indoors, of course, the Secret Service suggested you have indoor rallies, given what happened to you less than two weeks ago. Earlier this week, we heard from the Secret Service director. She was asked a bunch of really good questions. She didn't really give any answers.

Steve Doocy: Yesterday, Christopher Wray, the FBI director, was on. He had lots more things we had never heard before, including the fact that the gunman, the day that he registered to go to your rally in Butler, Pennsylvania, he also Googled -- and this was the search, he Googled, how far away was Oswald from Kennedy?

Steve Doocy: When you heard about that, what did you think?

Donald Trump: Well, look, some big mistakes were made. And, you know, they didn't give me -- because I'll have rallies of 55,000, 60,000 people. Biden would have a rally with 30 people. And they took people from my rallies, and they wouldn't have a -- my people were constantly complaining that they need more people. And they would -- I mean, I didn't -- I wasn't very much involved in it. That was up to them.

Donald Trump: But they were constantly complaining that they're not given enough people. Because I had a rally in New Jersey, 107,000 people. They don't have rallies. Nobody goes to a Biden rally, very few people. Once the road starts to fade, very few people are going to be going to her rallies. She's terrible at rallies and speaking.

Donald Trump: But very few people. But we're getting crowds. Like last night, we had 25,000 people inside. We had another 25,000 people outside that couldn't get into the arena. And we do need -- now, I will say they really beefed it up in the last week. It was pretty amazing when I looked at the difference. But my people, and they're very good people -- look, I had people standing on that stage with me, and within seconds, they were -- I had seven or eight people laying on top of me --

Lawrence Jones: Yeah. But Mr. President, why did they let --

Donald Trump: And they were very brave. They were very brave. But they made a mistake in not having somebody on the roof. And the communications with local police was obviously horrible.

Lawrence Jones: Why did they let you get out the car? I mean, we're noticing now through the messages that's coming out now that they knew about the gunman before you even stepped foot on the stage. So, why did they let you get out of the car?

Donald Trump: Well, the biggest mistake they made is allowing me to go. There wasn't even a car. It was like a tent. But the tent was, you know, safe. Nobody knew you were there. And they shouldn't have let me go on the stage. Now, they just weren't communicating properly with the local police. Different groups of people knew there was some nut job on the roof.

Donald Trump: And he was up there. And the one woman, a real Trump-er, she's got trampled over. And she's screaming, "There's a guy with a gun on the roof."

Lawrence Jones: Right.

Donald Trump: And that was, you know, quite a bit before I walked up to the stage. And then, you had the local policeman, who it looks like he got up there and he saw the guy and then he fell off the roof. And what happened to him? Why didn't he start screaming this again?

Lawrence Jones: Yeah.

Donald Trump: So there are many people, but the communication was bad. And, you know, oftentimes, like if there's lightning or thunder or big rains --

Lawrence Jones: Sure.

Donald Trump: Or there's a problem, they'll say, sir, could you wait 15 minutes, please?

Lawrence Jones: Right.

Donald Trump: Or could you wait 10 minutes? That happens a lot. Or there's a crowd of people somewhere --

Lawrence Jones: Yeah.

Steve Doocy: Mr. President? Mr. President --

Donald Trump: Yes.

Steve Doocy: I was just going to inject. You just mentioned the weather. It sounds like from the reporting over the last 24 hours, there was supposed to be somebody on that roof, but the person was not on the roof.

Lawrence Jones: Because it's too hot.

Steve Doocy: Because apparently it was too hot.

Donald Trump: Well, hadn't heard that, but that's a terrible thing. And it's just a terrible thing. It's such a shame. And the Secret Service, they're such great people.

Steve Doocy: Yes.

Donald Trump: It's such a blight on their reputation.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: There should have been somebody on the roof. When you look at it now, it's a clear shot. And it's amazing that, you know, look, a person died, a fantastic Corey, and two great people were very badly hurt. I'm in communication with them. The public has been so generous. We set up a fund.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: And the public's been so generous. But it's like, you know, a lot of money was given to the family of Corey. And the statement was "So nice, this is so nice, but i wish i had my husband back."

Ainsley Earhardt: Yeah.

Brian Kilmeade: Of course.

Donald Trump: The wife said that. And she doesn't want them. They don't want the money -- they want -- they had a great relationship Corey was a fire chief and just a real great guy everybody said.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: And you know, they don't want -- they want their husband back. They want their father back. And he was very brave. He shielded the wife and the two girls, his two daughters. And he got hit hard.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: He got really hit hard.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: That was a -- that's a tough one, when you get hit with those bullets. That's a tough one.

Brian Kilmeade: And what people don't understand, when you do meet with these families, you ask them questions. You want to know about these people. I only found that out talking to the Diller family and people that saw you in the wake in my town. But just moving on to something less important than life and death. But just about this election, they keep on tying you, whether it's yesterday's testimony when they were talking to Christopher Wray, or whether it's Kamala Harris on the stump, they keep on tying you to Project 2025, which is a 900-page toom put out by the Heritage Foundation.

Brian Kilmeade: What is your response to what's in it, and what would you like to say about the role it's playing in your campaign?

Donald Trump: It's a group of very, very conservative people. They wrote a document that many of the points are fine. Many of the points are absolutely ridiculous. I have nothing to do with the document. I've never seen the document. I've seen certain things that are said in it. And it's a group of very conservative people that probably like me, but it doesn't matter because it doesn't speak for me. They wrote something that I disagree with in many cases, and in some cases you agree.

Donald Trump: But it's like a group of radical-left people that write something, and, you know, people get angry by it. This is a document I know nothing about. It's called Project '25. I heard about it a week ago and has nothing to do with me whatsoever. But, of course, our friends that are Democrats, radical-left Democrats, they take the document, which is, I guess, pretty big and thorough, and they scour through it. And anything that's bad in there or that's a little bit less than mainstream, they take it and they make a big deal out of it. Donald Trump and Project '25, are you ready?

Donald Trump: I know nothing about Project '25.

Lawrence Jones: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I haven't seen the document. I don't intend to really see the document. And it's a group of people that got together that wrote some kind of a dream document for them.

Brian Kilmeade: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But it has absolutely nothing to do with me. And it's just disinformation, Brian, by the Democrats. It's pure disinformation.

Lawrence Jones: So, Mr. President, they plan on using that to attack you, but they're also trying to divide the country. And you've seen what they've already started to do because Kamala Harris is Jamaican as well as Indian. How are you going to handle that? Because you made real gains with Black voters, Hispanic voters, young voters.

Lawrence Jones: They're giving you a shot because they like where you stand on the economy. They like where you stand with criminal justice reform, giving their kids a quality education. So, when you go toe to toe with Kamala Harris on that debate stage, and all the publicity with the press and all that, how are you going to handle that?

Donald Trump: Well, I handle it very easily. I have the economy on my side. We have the greatest economy in history. They have a lousy economy that's so inflation-ridden. They -- we had the worst -- I think we have the worst inflation in the history of our country, and it's destroying people, where people have to pay twice and three times more than they were paying for something one year ago, two years ago.

Donald Trump: Look at what's happening to energy. Look at what's happening to food, all these things. So, I have that. I have the border on my side. The border is a big deal. I fixed it once. I got it down to a level, the best ever. And then they broke it. They've broken it. I had to do it twice. I did it in 2016. And then, these guys came along and they broke it. We have 20 million people, many of them are criminals, many of them are terrorists, pouring into our country.

Donald Trump: We have no idea who they are, where they come from. And they come from all over the world, not just South America. They have nothing on their side. And the abortion issue, which they think they have, they now don't have, because I was able to bring that back to the states. And the people are voting on it. And most people believe in the exceptions, the three exceptions.

Donald Trump: And the abortion issue is a much smaller --

Lawrence Jones: Right.

Donald Trump: Look at what happened in Ohio. They voted, and they got what you would say the progressives wanted. Very much so. Same thing in Kansas. They got -- the people are voting. Everybody wanted that issue, the abortion. They didn't want Roe v. Wade.

Brian Kilmeade: And other states have it.

Donald Trump: They wanted it to be taken out of Congress. They wanted it to be taken out of the federal government. I was able to do that. And now, people are voting. And they're voting the way the people want. That's the way it was always supposed to be.

Ainsley Earhardt: Mr. President, you're talking about voting. And early voting is -- it's being pushed by the Democrats. It has been for a long time, or voting by mail. Republicans usually like to go on that Tuesday in November on election day. But I know that the message is changing. Why is it important? Why is it advantageous for your voters to have early voting or vote by mail?

Donald Trump: Well, it's nice to have early voting. The main thing is to vote. A lot of things happen with the early voting that is no good. Look, any time you have mail-in voting, you're going to have fraud, whether -- and some people don't like me saying it, but I say it. When you have mail-in voting, you know, France had mail-in voting, and they ended up going to one-day voting with paper ballots and voter ID, and it worked out great for them.

Donald Trump: At the -- at 10 o'clock in the evening, it was done. We have mail-in voting. The votes are coming in. They get -- they get stuck and it's all over.

Brian Kilmeade: But you want -- you want your people to early vote, though, right?

Donald Trump: I guess I'd rather have that. But the main thing is I want them to vote.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: Republicans historically like voting on Election Day.

Steve Doocy: Sure.

Donald Trump: And what we should have ideally, one-day voting, voter ID, proof of citizenship, and paper ballots.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: And paper, by the way, is very sophisticated.

Brian Kilmeade: Yes.

Donald Trump: It's called watermark. It's highly sophisticated.

Brian Kilmeade: I like it.

Donald Trump: But that's what we should have --

Steve Doocy: OK.

Donald Trump: In this country, not this mail-in voting --

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: Where millions of votes are sent out and nobody knows --

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: Where they went and where they're coming from.

Steve Doocy: Mr. President, a couple of weeks ago, Wall Street Journal had a story about how it sounded like Elon Musk was going to be donating $45 million a month to a Super PAC to support you and get people to early vote and stuff like that. What is going on with you and Elon Musk?

Donald Trump: Well, I have a good relationship with him. I think he's a nice guy. I disagree with the electric cars for everybody. I think people should have --

Brian Kilmeade: Choice.

Donald Trump: I'm very much against that. It's ridiculous, actually. You want a gasoline-propelled car, or you want maybe a hybrid, you want to have a choice, and that includes electric. But, no, Elon and I have a very good relationship. As you know, he endorsed me very strongly. Somebody told me he was going to give me 45 million a month.

Donald Trump: I said, "That sounds like a lot." And even for Elon, that's a lot, but he was going to give me 45 minutes there was a reporter that wrote it.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: He never told me he was giving me 45, but he did say I strongly endorse you despite the fact that I'm against the electric car mandate.

Brian Kilmeade: Yeah. He didn't tell you why?

Donald Trump: I'm all for electric cars if people want them.

Brian Kilmeade: He didn't pay you off.

Donald Trump: But I'm totally against it.

Brian Kilmeade: He just joined your team.

Lawrence Jones: Mr. President, real quickly, is there a plan, though, for when it comes to early voting and ballot-harvesting, the legal way? Since the Democrats have made it legal, is there a plan for the Republicans to get out there, door-knock, and get those ballots?

Donald Trump: Oh, yes. We have a tremendous group of people, thousands, tens of thousands of people all over the country. We have poll watches, the likes of which we've never had before. Whether you like it or not, they cheat on elections. They cheat. That's what they do the best. They're no good at policy. They're no good on the border.

Donald Trump: They're no good with the economy. But they cheat like hell. That's what they're good at. We have lawyers at every poll booth. We have -- that's what I -- in fact, my instruction -- we don't need the votes. I have so many votes.

Lawrence Jones: Right.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: I'm in Florida now, and I drove to another location yesterday, and every house has a Trump-Vance sign on it. Every single house. There's not a house that we passed that doesn't.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Lawrence Jones: Right.

Donald Trump: We are -- we have the votes. What we have to do --

Steve Doocy: You didn't drive by Charlie Crist's house then. Just saying.

Donald Trump: Charlie -- I think Charlie probably has one up, too, if you want to know.

Brian Kilmeade: He's a Republican. He was.

Donald Trump: But everybody -- everybody has -- it's amazing, the spirit. And I'll say this. We had two elections. The first election, we did great. The second election, we did much better than the first election. But this election has --

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: More spirit than I've ever seen ever before.

Brian Kilmeade: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And that's because they've seen how bad these people are at government. And it's destroying our country.

Brian Kilmeade: And next up, Saturday in Minnesota. And next up, Saturday in Minnesota.

Donald Trump: Remember this, they're destroying our country, Brian.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: They are destroying our country.

Steve Doocy: Mr. President --

Lawrence Jones: Mr. President, thank you so much for your time today.

Ainsley Earhardt: Thank you so much.

Lawrence Jones: We'll be following that rally.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much.

Steve Doocy: We told your communications team you would be out by 8 o'clock, and we went 90 seconds over. It sounds like you completely recovered, and it's great talking to you. Thank you, sir.

Lawrence Jones: Forty-fifth president of the United States.

Donald Trump: I am in good shape. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.

Lawrence Jones: Thank you, sir.

Ainsley Earhardt: God bless you. Thank you.