Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-logan-paul-podcast-june-11-2024

Donald Trump: That'd be great.

Mike Majlak: I think so, too.

Donald Trump: Looking forward to this all my life. My whole life. Anyway. Hi, fellas. How you doing?

Logan Paul: How are you, boss?

Donald Trump: How's your brother? Good?

Logan Paul: Yeah. He's excellent.

Donald Trump: You have a good relationship with him, right?

Logan Paul: With Jake?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Logan Paul: Yeah. We do now. But it's not always been like that.

Donald Trump: It's always been -- yeah. I can imagine.

Logan Paul: He's my brother.

Donald Trump: That's good.

Logan Paul: Yeah, it's good.

Donald Trump: That's good.

Mike Majlak: Him or Tyson, who you got?

Donald Trump: Yeah, right?

Mike Majlak: Who you got?

Donald Trump: When is -- when is that going to be?

Logan Paul: November. It got rescheduled.

Donald Trump: Look, Mike was fantastic, but, you know, Mike's a little older now.

Logan Paul: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And you guys can fight.

Logan Paul: Yeah.

Donald Trump: We'll talk about that, but you guys can go fight, legitimately fight.

Logan Paul: Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: At first, I said, you know, it's so amazing because I always thought like a UFC guy or a top, you know, even contender would be able to win at 75 years old.

Logan Paul: You think?

Donald Trump: But it doesn't work that way.

Logan Paul: Yeah. Yeah.

Donald Trump: The clock is still the clock.

Logan Paul: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I figured that out with Floyd as well.

Donald Trump: How about that?

Logan Paul: Well --

Donald Trump: I mean, it was even. You would have --

Logan Paul: Yeah, which shouldn't be --

Donald Trump: You would have thought he would've won that fight.

Logan Paul: That's what I thought.

Donald Trump: That was you, baby.

Mike Majlak: Some people still think he did win that fight.

Donald Trump: This is for you guys.

Logan Paul: Oh, no way. We got gifts.

Mike Majlak: Oh, nice.

Donald Trump: Sell for a lot of money, these things.

Logan Paul: Oh, no way. Oh, thank you, President.

Donald Trump: There you go. Split it up. Here's a close-up we have for you. This is --

Logan Paul: Is this your mugshot?

Donald Trump: Yeah. Can you be a believe it?

Logan Paul: No way. You're a gangster.

Donald Trump: This is what we're reduced to.

Logan Paul: No way. No way.

Mike Majlak: Should we put him on now?

Donald Trump: Yeah. Isn't it crazy?

Logan Paul: That's amazing.

Donald Trump: And it sells. Well, Elvis had one, Frank Sinatra had one. This shirt, but we've eclipsed them. A long time ago, we've eclipsed them.

Mike Majlak: This is crazy.

Donald Trump: Isn't it cool.

Logan Paul: I have to be honest, I'm jealous.

Donald Trump: It's actually -- I'm not sure if I love it or not but --

Logan Paul: No, no, it's good.

Donald Trump: It is what it is.

Logan Paul: It happened, and might as well monetize it.

Mike Majlak: Well, Mr. President, people surely love it. They love the picture. They rallied behind it. They're rallying behind you now more than ever.

Donald Trump: Well, they are. And, you know, we had the biggest fundraising, I think, ever for any candidate ever anywhere in the world in the last eight or nine days, making hundreds of millions of dollars. And too bad, it couldn't have been done for other reasons. But they they viewed the cases being so corrupt and so ridiculous.

Donald Trump: You know, every one of the legal pundits -- and, you know, they're great guys. When you look at Dershowitz, the whole group, you know, that whole group of people, Andy McCarthy, Jonathan Turley, Greg Jarrett, every one of them, they came out and they said there's not even a case here. There's no case. And when they saw the jury instructions, when they saw all the things that happened -- and it's not like anybody's a friend of mine.

Donald Trump: Mark Levin is an example. They couldn't believe it. So unfair. You know, it's a very unfair thing. And because of that, the fundraising numbers and the polls -- but the fundraising, that's sort of like a poll anyway, right, when you get right down to it. But the fundraising numbers went -- I don't think there's ever been that much money raised that quickly.

Mike Majlak: You've become a martyr of sorts.

Donald Trump: Hundreds of millions of dollars.

Logan Paul: Yeah, it's insane. $140 million in May that you raised.

Mike Majlak: Thirty-five million in just hours after the verdict.

Donald Trump: Yeah, 58 million within a few hours, and that was in small donations, like $71, something average. And over a period of a week. We even went to San Francisco. Now, not supposed to be -- that's the belly of the beast, right, supposed.

Mike Majlak: Rare visit.

Donald Trump: But they had thousands of people on the street. It was so positive. And they raised $12 million. The tech guys at one of the houses, David, fantastic people. And they were like -- they gave me a lot of money. They've never been into doing that. And I think it helps that Biden is just so bad. He is so bad.

Donald Trump: He is the worst president in the history of our country. So, that helps, too.

Logan Paul: You should make a diss track on him.

Donald Trump: Yeah, we'll do something. We'll do something.

Logan Paul: I actually wanted to start there.

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Logan Paul: Because one thing that I was -- I just can't seem to wrap my head around it is, you know, you got these felony convictions and a lot of them, like, more than Al Capone, right? And there was an uprising, and people showed you their support with their donations. And a lot of people are saying it points out, actually, the unjust nature of America's justice system.

Donald Trump: It's true. It's very unjust.

Logan Paul: So, my question is like if that is your belief -- if that is their belief, why do you have the desire to give your time and energy to a country or a system that's trying to take you down?

Donald Trump: So, I ran twice. I did much better the second time than the first time. And if I didn't, I wouldn't have done this. But we had it going like this country has never been going before. It was really good. Now, it's really bad. The worst border in history, the worst inflation, I think, in history, I think, the history of the country.

Donald Trump: The people are getting decimated by all very flex -- you know, all -- something you can fix, you can fix it fast. We were energy-independent. We're going to be energy-dominant very soon. All these things were happening. And then we had a terrible result in an election. And what happened was disgraceful. And we can't ever let it happen again.

Donald Trump: But, you know, we have a little expression. It's right on that hat. Make America Great Again. And we can do that, make America great again. And this guy is not going to do it. This guy has destroyed our country. When you allow 15, 16, 17, they have no idea where the gotaways, million people in coming out of jails, coming out of mental institutions, insane asylum, the insane asylum is all over the world.

Donald Trump: The mental institutions, they're at the lowest levels. They've been in it for years. They're going to be totally empty. And you have terrorists coming into our country. We're going to be paying a big price. And we're going to solve the problem, and we're going to solve it relatively quickly. But we have other problems, too, with energy, with inflation.

Donald Trump: He's been a disaster as a president. He's the worst president we've ever had. The good news is he makes Jimmy Carter look brilliant by comparison. So, Jimmy Carter is the only one that's happy with this.

Logan Paul: Well, look, I think that's why a lot of people are so obsessed with you, Mr. Trump -- Mr. President Trump. Well, because you're already a billionaire, right? You -- you are essentially serving these people, and you don't have to be doing it. The president --

Donald Trump: No.

Logan Paul: Being the president seems like a very hard job. You were at three meetings just before this.

Donald Trump: That's true.

Logan Paul: But, I guess, I'm asking like the desire to run and attempt to improve your country for these things you're saying --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Logan Paul: It comes from what, just the love of the country?

Donald Trump: Well, the people. I'll tell you. When you look at the people, when you look at the crowds -- I did a rally in new Jersey. We had 107,000 people that you saw that last week. We did one in the Bronx. We had 25,000 people. And this was in the South Bronx, which is known as a rough area, and it was like a love fest.

Donald Trump: There was not even -- like nobody even raised a voice of dissent. The whole place, it was like a big love fest. Nobody could believe it. You saw that three, four weeks ago. There's tremendous -- our country has tremendous potential, but it's going down the tubes very, very rapidly. Nobody has ever seen anything like it, the way it's being run so bad.

Donald Trump: And we can change it. We can change it quickly. We have a debate coming up. That'll be interesting.

Mike Majlak: June 27th, hosted by one of your favorite television networks, CNN.

Donald Trump: Well, they gave me the option. They said, "Would you do it?" And they didn't want to do it. He didn't want to do it. So, they gave me everything, fake Tapper and lots of other people that were going to -- you know, were involved. On CNN, they wanted it to be seated, which I didn't like. I said we should stand.

Donald Trump: And I think we won that point, but I would have agreed to whatever I had to agree to because they didn't want to do it. They thought that I wouldn't do it because it's CNN. But I've done plenty of CNN. I did a town hall not so long ago with CNN. That worked out well. But I think they'll be fair. I think they're going to try and be fair, I mean, as fair as they can be. But I think it's important for there to be a debate.

Donald Trump: So, they said, "You want a debate?" "Yep. I'll accept. You don't even have to tell me." Then they said -- CNN, they said, the different people that are involved -- but let's see what happens. I used to get along with Jake Tapper. We'll see what happens. But it doesn't matter, whatever it is, it is.

Mike Majlak: That sentiment that CNN might be fair to you --

Donald Trump: They might be.

Mike Majlak: Is a bit of a departure from the normal --

Donald Trump: I'd say a good 10% chance.

Mike Majlak: From your normal hard-line stance. Do you think that your starting to come around or soften your views on some of the networks that you may have not gotten along with in the past?

Donald Trump: No, they're fake news.

Logan Paul: Yeah, fake news.

Donald Trump: No. They're so bad. One of the good terms, right, fake news. But -- no, I don't think so. I thought maybe. You know, I had one with Kaitlan Collins about four or five months ago. It was one of the highest rated shows they've ever had. And I really thought they were going to go maybe sort of in the middle.

Donald Trump: But I was wrong about -- I -- as I'm getting on and I'm hearing the way I'm being announced, they said, hey, these people are playing hardball. They're making a big mistake. But -- but the ratings for this debate, I guess, will be quite -- quite good.

Mike Majlak: Massive. Are you surprised by his decision to face-to-face with you?

Donald Trump: You mean the fact that they're willing to do it?

Mike Majlak: That Biden's willing to do it.

Donald Trump: A little bit. They didn't want to do it. They thought I'd turn CNN down. Look, CNN is the enemy, and they thought I was going turn CNN. And Tapper is, you know, one of the guys that -- I mean, he -- when I'm making a speech, so they're waiting for the nomination for months and months. I got it in the quickest fashion.

Donald Trump: Nobody's ever gotten a nomination so quickly. And I'm making my nomination speech, and they refuse to put it. They're covering it for months and months. Now, I'm actually making my speech. I mean, this is the big night. I won the nomination, and they refused to put it on. These are people that don't like Trump.

Donald Trump: But it's OK because I think it's important to have a debate or a number of debates, actually.

Logan Paul: The fact that you are so vocal as well, especially, on social media, I think works in your favor. And personally, I like that you come with receipts sometimes.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Yeah.

Logan Paul: I've seen you pull them out of your jacket.

Donald Trump: No, I understand.

Logan Paul: Well, you have receipts.

Donald Trump: I like to do it.

Logan Paul: Well, fact checking is fun.

Donald Trump: Yeah, I know what check -- we're going to -- we're going to check a lot of things. It's going to be an interesting -- you will be watching, right?

Logan Paul: I'll be watching.

Donald Trump: We just don't want to schedule it around one of your fights.

Logan Paul: Please don't. Please don't.

Donald Trump: Because you do pretty well.

Logan Paul: Thanks. I'll be watching. Yeah. I always see you at UFC.

Donald Trump: So, do you ever -- by the way, do you ever fight your brother?

Mike Majlak: That's the question.

Logan Paul: You want to know something?

Donald Trump: I want to know. Yeah.

Logan Paul: OK. All right.

Donald Trump: Because you're both -- you are both good. Do you ever fight him?

Logan Paul: Thank you. Not in real life, no.

Donald Trump: You practiced a little bit for that, right?

Logan Paul: Never. We've never even sparred.

Donald Trump: Really?

Logan Paul: We don't know -- we don't. I think --

Mike Majlak: Well, did you beat him up your whole life growing up?

Logan Paul: I didn't. I punched him in the face once because he took my glasses. But I was willing to step in for Mike Tyson when Tyson got sick and had to postpone his fight. And we actually like ran it up the chain at Netflix.

Donald Trump: It's hard for brothers to fight, though. I think it's hard. I've seen it over the years, you know?

Logan Paul: Not on Netflix for a big old bag, like figure it out once and for all.

Donald Trump: There had been some, though. I think it's -- you don't think so? You love your brother?

Logan Paul: Well, me and Jake decided that, obviously, like, we both come from a place of love. And whatever the outcome would be, we'd have to be OK with it. But obviously, I love my brother.

Donald Trump: No. But the shots to the face and, you know --

Logan Paul: Just -- but just one time, though, for the rest of history. You know, that night goes down forever. The Klitschko brothers never did it.

Donald Trump: No, they never did it. And they were both good, and they never did it. They were very good. But, in fact, nobody really figured out maybe who was better. They've had -- they had some good fights. They were tough, right? They were tough.

Logan Paul: Well, Jake's tough, and he's good, but I'm --

Donald Trump: He's very good. And you're very good.

Mike Majlak: He had a street fight this past week against somebody from a squad you may know as -- from the Nelk Boys.

Donald Trump: Oh, right. When you said you had it, you had it out with them?

Mike Majlak: An actual street fight.

Donald Trump: No, no. But a friendly one or an unfriendly one?

Mike Majlak: Oh, it was pretty unfriendly. I was there.

Logan Paul: Yeah, it was unfriendly. I would call it a waiver fight. I had --

Donald Trump: They have a great following, though. They're nice guys.

Mike Majlak: We love them.

Donald Trump: They have such a -- you do? Good.

Mike Majlak: Oh, yeah.

Donald Trump: I'm glad because I'm getting myself into a position here. They really are. They did -- Dana White, who's fantastic for sure, he said, "Would you do the Nelk Boys?" I didn't know who they were. I did it, and I'm -- they have a tremendous audience, which you can [Inaudible].

Mike Majlak: Ferocious. Yeah.

Donald Trump: Right away. I did Doctor Phil the other day.

Mike Majlak: I saw it.

Logan Paul: We saw it.

Donald Trump: Yeah, he was great.

Mike Majlak: Amazing.

Logan Paul: We love -- we love the Nelk Boys, by the way. The Nelk boy we're talking about is like a -- he's kind of a --

Mike Majlak: His name is Bradley Martyn. He's a big fitness guy. Because we know Kyle Forgeard. Kyle and John Shahidi for years now.

Donald Trump: They're great.

Mike Majlak: Bradley's this big 260-pound, you know, bodybuilder. And for years, he's called people out. "I'm 260, I'm 260. I'll fight you."

Donald Trump: Right.

Mike Majlak: And got into it with Logan.

Donald Trump: And how did it work out?

Logan Paul: How you think, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: I think you probably did pretty good. I've watched enough of you fighting.

Logan Paul: It was off camera, you know. It was cool. It was like a duel. Like a good old-fashioned, just boys being boys, no cameras.

Donald Trump: It was a real deal?

Logan Paul: The real deal. No rules.

Donald Trump: And was he finished?

Logan Paul: He quit.

Donald Trump: He was -- he did?

Logan Paul: Yeah.

Mike Majlak: But we were very impressed with him, actually.

Logan Paul: He showed up.

Mike Majlak: He has no combat sports experience.

Logan Paul: Yep.

Mike Majlak: Stepped up to somebody who --

Donald Trump: So, he just said he had muscle, but not the -- not the --

Logan Paul: Yeah.

Mike Majlak: Just no training. There's no training.

Logan Paul: You ever been in a fistfight, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Probably not. I've been like little -- it was nothing like that. I mean, I'd like to say, yeah, I fought my way through school.

Mike Majlak: Right.

Donald Trump: You know, I went through -- I fought my way out of the Wharton School of Finance. I fought my -- but, you know, we didn't have a lot of fighters.

Logan Paul: Yeah, yeah.

Donald Trump: We had fighters, but not that kind of fighters. But -- but I've had a lot of fun. I'll tell you. We had a great time. Over the years, I've been very much involved with Mike Tyson. Mike is a great guy. My son, I have a beautiful boy, Barron, and he loves Mike Tyson.

Mike Majlak: Big boy, big boy.

Logan Paul: He's huge.

Donald Trump: He's a big boy, six foot nine.

Logan Paul: Six foot nine? My PDF said six foot seven.

Donald Trump: Six foot nine. Yeah. And I couldn't get him to play basketball. He plays soccer. He's a good athlete, too. Good student, good athlete.

Mike Majlak: He's a big boy for soccer.

Donald Trump: But he's six foot nine.

Mike Majlak: It's insane.

Donald Trump: Good-looking guy, but he is a tall one. There's no question. I say, "Barron, I don't want to take a picture next to you." It's crazy.

Mike Majlak: Neither do we.

Donald Trump: We ought to make him a fighter, maybe.

Logan Paul: No, no. No way.

Logan Paul: Guys, it's 2024. We want to spend less and save more. That's just a fact. But how? How are we supposed to save when we're paying inflated prices for everyday essentials like gash and -- gas and groceries? Look, you can't just cut those purchases out of your budget. But now, thanks to my 2024 Money Back Hack, you can get cash back from them with Upside.

Logan Paul: Upside is an incredible app for anyone who buys gas, groceries, or dines out. With Upside, you get cash back on every single purchase. Upside is my secret weapon for staying on track with my savings goals. To get started, download the Upside app. It's free. Also, use my promo code, Impaulsive, for $0.25 back on every single gallon on your first tank of gas.

Logan Paul: Next, claim an offer for whatever you're buying on Upside, pay as usual, however you would with a credit or debit card. Follow the steps in the app and get paid. In comparison to credit card rewards or loyalty programs, you can get three times more cash back with Upside. Hey, plus, Upside doesn't sell your personal information to third parties.

Logan Paul: Whoo. They know that your information is a vital part of their trusted relationship with you. Upside users are earning hundreds of dollars a year. That's probably why they have a 4.8 rating on the App Store. So look, download the free Upside app. Use the code Impaulsive. Don't forget the A in Impaulsive to get $0.25 back on every single gallon in your first tank of gas.

Logan Paul: Thank you, Upside. Back to the show. We always see you at the UFC fights.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Logan Paul: So, you're obviously a fight fan.

Donald Trump: I like it. I really enjoy it. I think Dana White is one of a kind.

Logan Paul: For sure.

Donald Trump: And he's been generous to me. He's made a great statement about me the other day.

Logan Paul: I saw that.

Donald Trump: That was a nice statement because he's --

Logan Paul: Well, 'cause you had his back for -- since --

Donald Trump: Well, I did and rightfully. I think, you know, the expression everybody's replaceable, I'm not sure anybody could do -- the job he does is unbelievable. He gets -- I met Khabib.

Logan Paul: I saw that.

Donald Trump: Khabib who's 29 and O, and his father died, and he just said, "That's it for me." And, you know, his father was great at what he did. And probably he never lost even around. I think 29 and O, they say he never lost a round, and I thought he was great. And we got to speak. He was just about my favorite guy and really talented.

Donald Trump: The -- Strickland was fantastic the other night. I thought he was --

Logan Paul: Great striker.

Donald Trump: He was strong.

Logan Paul: Everyone wants to come out of the cage and meet you after they win.

Donald Trump: They do. Yeah, they do. I'm very honored by it. Every time they win, they jump out. They jump out of that cage like it's nothing. I don't know, it's pretty high, but they have no problem.

Logan Paul: And when you enter the arena there's an eruption of cheers.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Logan Paul: But I remember, because I've been going to UFC for a while, like it it wasn't always like that. There was a very clear like shift in the perception of you. Do you feel like you feel that now more than ever?

Donald Trump: I don't know. You know, I've done it in Vegas, Miami. I do it with them -- with Dana. Dana wants me to do that, and I do it. And we -- it is an eruption, he said, like he's never heard before. They actually stopped a fight. One of the fighters were walking out, and there's a fight going on. And these guys are really going at it. And they heard this crazy sound, and they stopped the fight.

Donald Trump: They both stopped fighting. They're looking over what happened. They probably thought bad things were happening to the arena. But no, it's been -- it's been great. And he is just some -- you know, somebody you have to really respect. I imagine you guys do. But he gets these fighters from all over the world and they are, you know, some really talented people.

Donald Trump: And I have respect for fighters, you know, when you can take 200 shots to the face and then look forward to the second round. You know, it's interesting a lot of wrestlers want to be -- they want to do the UFC thing, but they can't take the shots because, you know, they're wrestlers. I was -- I've been with a lot of them.

Donald Trump: And because at the White House, we honor the national champion wrestlers and tennis players and sort of everything. We have these -- but speaking to the wrestlers, some of them, there's somebody named Bo Nickal who I think is going to be great. He's a fighter.

Logan Paul: Fantastic.

Mike Majlak: Sure.

Donald Trump: He was a all-American, I think probably four years, I'm not even sure. He went to Penn State, and he's phenomenal as a fighter. And you'll be watching him. But -- but he doesn't mind. If he gets hit, he doesn't mind. Some people don't want that.

Mike Majlak: Speaking of conflict and fighting, since you left office, the number of global conflicts has skyrocketed.

Donald Trump: Yeah. It's terrible.

Mike Majlak: And I know Khabib talked to you about it quickly when you spoke with him. I think two weeks ago, about, President Biden authorized the use of American weapons in Russia, which has now led to a fleet of Russian warships coming towards Cuba this week. What is your -- what are your thoughts and concerns around our current handling of our relationship with Russia?

Donald Trump: Well, the Russian attack on Ukraine would have never happened if I were president, would have never happened. It would -- it's just a shame. All so many dead people. You look at just the soldiers, it's a half a million soldiers between the both countries. But so many dead people, so many towns and villages and buildings and all, I mean, magnificent culture just being wiped out.

Donald Trump: You OK over there?

Mike Majlak: Stuff's falling.

Donald Trump: Sounds good. Nice book, by the way. Nice book.

Mike Majlak: We'll get to that.

Logan Paul: That's his book about overcoming drug addiction.

Mike Majlak: It's a bestseller about the opioid epidemic, which we'll talk about.

Donald Trump: Wow, that's a great -- that's a great topic because it's so sad to see what's happening. So bad. But it's a shame because it never would have happened. And it didn't happen during my four years. It didn't happen. It wouldn't have happened. I got along very well with Putin. I got along with Zelenskyy, but it wouldn't have happened.

Donald Trump: And -- and October 7th would have never happened, and inflation would have never happened. And the withdrawal, the kind of withdrawal -- we were getting out of Afghanistan with dignity and strength. But to get out the way, I think it was the most embarrassing day in the history of our country. And I actually think that the way Afghanistan worked, I think that when Putin looked at that, he said, "Wow, let's go in." And you know who else looked at it? President Xi of China.

Donald Trump: And he's looking -- he is looking at Taiwan, and he's drooling. He's drooling over Taiwan. And so, something could happen there. We've lost a lot of respect. They're laughing at us all over the world. And that wasn't happening four years ago.

Logan Paul: And with you back in office, you think we'll get that respect back?

Donald Trump: Yeah, we'll get it back. We'll get it back.

Logan Paul: What's your relationship like with Vladimir Putin? He seems --

Donald Trump: I think very good, but I was tough with him. You know, I ended the pipeline. He built -- it's called Nord Stream 2. Nobody ever heard of Nord Stream 2 until I got involved. And it was the biggest project ever done in Russia. I mean, you know, this was a pipeline that was going to supply oil and gas to -- all over Europe, all over Europe, Germany in particular.

Donald Trump: And I said, "What are you doing? Why are you doing this," to Germany I said. "We're defending you under NATO, and you're going to -- you're paying billions of dollars a month to Russia. You mean we're defending you and you're giving the people we're defending you from. We're giving you the defense, but you're giving them money at massive amounts?" Probably the biggest project, you know, most important, one of the most important projects they've ever done, I ended it. It was dead.

Donald Trump: It was gone. And then this guy comes in and he approves it, but he kills Keystone. You know, the Keystone XL?

Logan Paul: Yep.

Donald Trump: So, it's -- it's sad. But Putin said to me, "It's the biggest thing. You ended it. You ended the pipeline." He said, "They all say you and I are friendly, but I'd hate to see you as an enemy." But this was the biggest -- you know, this was massive amounts of money.

Logan Paul: But that's how -- you talked to him like that?

Donald Trump: But Biden came in -- huh?

Logan Paul: You talked to him like that?

Donald Trump: Oh, no. I had a very good relationship. That's a good thing. Not a bad thing. I'm trying to tell people, no, it's a good thing. They've got -- I would give you the exact number, but they gave a lot, just under 2,000 nuclear weapons. And we do also. And when you have nuclear weapons and even if you don't have nuclear weapons, getting along is good.

Donald Trump: But be the tough one. Be the smart one. Get along as good. I tell the press all the time. No, the fact that I get along with Kim Jong Un, North Korea --

Logan Paul: That's crazy.

Donald Trump: President Xi --

Logan Paul: That's crazy.

Donald Trump: It's all good stuff getting along. But nobody ever took money out of China like me. I took hundreds of billions of dollars out in the form of tariffs and taxes. No other president took -- not $0.10. And, you know, China built their military because of the United States. The United States was giving them hundreds of billions of dollars a year in excess flow.

Donald Trump: Nobody's ever seen anything like it. But we took out hundreds of billions of dollars from China. And I still got along with President Xi until COVID. That was sort of -- that was a breaking point. But -- no. But he was a guy that I respected. Like he liked me, and I liked him. That's a good thing. Not a bad thing.

Donald Trump: You know, the press says, oh, isn't it -- you say, yeah, he's a leader. He's a smart guy, they say a smart man. They say, "Oh, Trump said he was smart." That's -- yeah. He leads 1.4 billion people. I'd say he's -- yeah, he's a little bit on the smart side. But I got along with him. I got along with Kim Jong Un. That would have been a nuclear war.

Donald Trump: If Hillary Clinton had gotten in office, we would be in -- we would have been in a nuclear war with North Korea. He was ready for it. When I was with him, nobody else could meet him. All of a sudden, the dam broke and we started talking a little bit. We got together, as you know, twice. We get along very well, but we were in no danger from them.

Donald Trump: And we were in serious danger before I got there. You would -- I'm telling you, you would have had a nuclear war if Hillary Clinton got in.

Logan Paul: I'm so curious what this conversation with really powerful world leaders looks like behind closed doors. Like is it -- is it candid, or do you exercise grace, or do you talk like boys like --

Donald Trump: Everyone's different. No, but everyone's different. It's like when you're talking to people, when you're doing interviews with people, when you're fighting people, they're all different. You know, you fight them a different way. You talk to them a different way, but everyone's different. But I had very good relationships with everyone.

Donald Trump: The funny thing is I got along with the tough ones much better than I got along with the weak ones. You had some real weak ones, too. I didn't get along with them as well. It's strange. It must be a personality defect.

Mike Majlak: That's probably a good thing.

Donald Trump: Huh?

Mike Majlak: That's probably a good thing that you get along with them, leaders of the largest countries.

Donald Trump: I get along with the tough ones. You know, there's a very tough one, Viktor Orban, and he's the prime minister of Hungary. And he said that the reason the world is blowing up because Trump isn't president. When Trump was there, everybody respected Trump. He said he was afraid of Trump. I don't want to use that term because that's -- you know, I don't want to say, oh, they were afraid like a child would say, but they respected me. But he said everyone listened to Trump.

Donald Trump: They were afraid of Trump. They couldn't figure Trump out. And they all listened, and they did listen. And we had no wars. We had no nothing. I defeated ISIS, got rid of the biggest terrorists ever, maybe just about ever. But we defeated -- think of that. We knocked out ISIS, 100% of the ISIS caliphate and started no wars.

Donald Trump: I wasn't in any wars. Now, that -- I don't know how you may feel about that because, you know, you're a warrior, right? Because all fighters -- and you're a real fighter, by the way.

Logan Paul: It's not good. It's not good. I don't shy away from conflict. My fiancee has a problem with it. It's not -- it's not good. You do -- you're much more diplomatic than I probably would be.

Donald Trump: You know, it's very interesting, though. So, Khabib came up to me after the fight the other night. And, you know, you guys would probably say he's the best ever maybe. And, you know, certainly he probably is and -- or very close, right? Jon Jones, a lot of people say.

Logan Paul: Right there. I'd say one and two.

Donald Trump: And, you know -- and he said to me, "Oh, I hope you can get in because we have to stop the wars. We have to stop the killing. The killing." He was so smart, he understood it. And I think he's friends or was friends, but I think he is friends with Putin very much.

Logan Paul: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But he said we have to stop the killing. And it's true. And I think I'd have that war stopped if I was president-elect. Right after the election, if I win, I will get that war stopped. I'll get it stopped fast before I get to office if it's not stopped before then.

Mike Majlak: You're talking about Russia-Ukraine?

Donald Trump: I'm talking about Russia-Ukraine. And we'll get it -- we'll get it stopped. So many people are being killed. Far more people are being killed. And I thought it was great when Khabib came up to me and he says, "We've got to stop all of the killing in the world." He's a very smart guy, very interesting guy.

Donald Trump: We talked for a while.

Mike Majlak: On the flip side or on the other side of the continent, the Gaza situation has been big news over the past year or so. You've always -- the United States has always been and you were always a staunch ally of Israel.

Donald Trump: Right.

Mike Majlak: Has your sentiment on Netanyahu or on his regime changed at all in light of any of the events of the past six months?

Donald Trump: No. Look, they -- it was a shame that -- it should have never happened. It would have never happened. Iran was broke when I was president. Nobody was allowed to buy oil. Nobody was allowed to buy anything. They were broke. A Democrat congressman on Deface the Nation, the show Deface the Nation -- "Ladies and gentlemen, it's Deface the Nation." Yes.

Donald Trump: Commonly known as Face the Nation, but I don't call it that.

Mike Majlak: You have a name for everything.

Donald Trump: I think I have a more -- I have a name for everything. I'll end up with a name for you two guys by the time -- but it'll be --

Mike Majlak: Yeah. I can't wait to hear mine.

Donald Trump: No, no. They'll be good names. They'll be good names. But -- so, he was on the show, and he said, "Whether you like Trump or not, Iran was broke during Trump's." They would have made a deal within one week. And now, they have $250 billion. We would have had a deal done in one -- literally in one week after the election, and it was ready.

Donald Trump: They were absolutely -- and they had no money for Hamas. They had no money for Hezbollah. They were broke, stone cold broke. Now, they have $250 billion. Biden took off all of the sanctions. He took -- he let them go. China went to town. I told China, "If you buy one barrel of oil from these people, you're not doing any business with the United States." They took a pass, no oil.

Donald Trump: And other countries likewise. And we would have had a deal. It would have been a great deal for everybody. We would have had a deal. Now, they have $250 billion. They made it all on three years, three and a half years. They made it all during this Biden term. I mean, he gave him $6 billion for five hostages, right?

Donald Trump: You saw that recently, a couple of months ago. $6 billion for five hostages. He made the swap. The Prince of Terror, they call him. He's the best arms dealer ever, they say. Who knows what that means? But he was a great arms dealer. For the basketball player that wouldn't stand up during the national anthem, she thought that was a good time to tie her sneakers.

Donald Trump: And that was not exactly the greatest trade. But he gave $6 billion on top of everything, 6 billion with a B. And they don't know what they're doing. And when you do that, you know, when you start paying that kind of money, a lot of other people are going to be missing all of a sudden. They're going to be missing, and hey, let's make a trade.

Donald Trump: And that's already happening. You just can't do that. I got 58 people out. We never paid any money, 58 people, 58 hostages. We never paid money because once you pay money, you're going to be doing a lot. In other words, you're going to keep doing it. So, you can't do that.

Logan Paul: This episode is sponsored by myself. I sponsored it myself. Prime X, guys. We just dropped Prime X. This is our biggest launch ever. It is a million-dollar treasure hunt. So, after you buy your bottle and you open it, there's a code under the cap. You scan the QR code on the side, you enter the code on the cap on the website.

Logan Paul: We made a custom app, a custom portal that has access to a treasure map that leads to a million-dollar cash prize. It's a global treasure hunt. It's huge. It's a big deal. There's 12 map -- map pieces. Excuse me. You collect all of them, and you could get access to win $1 million. Also, if you don't collect all 12 map pieces, you can start collecting points.

Logan Paul: Each bottle gives you points. The points are redeemable for free merch, Prime airPods, special Prime bottles, and other cool stuff. So, check it out. Prime X now hitting your favorite retailers. Back to the show. I want to ask about money. Money in this country.

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Logan Paul: I've had a very fortunate career.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Logan Paul: I've made -- I've made some money and --

Donald Trump: More money than you ever thought possible.

Logan Paul: For sure.

Donald Trump: Right?

Logan Paul: For sure. Absolutely.

Donald Trump: Yeah, I know the kind of money you make. Because I know when you have a top event or -- and your shows, but these events are doing fantastically. What you've done is incredible.

Logan Paul: Yeah, I'm very blessed. And part of the reason that I believe I'm blessed is because of this country. And I think, in a way, I'm kind of living like the modern day American dream. You know, I had access to a phone and could start my business and reach the entire world on this device. So --

Donald Trump: Excuse me. Did you guys start like separately?

Logan Paul: Me and Jake?

Donald Trump: Yes.

Logan Paul: No. Together.

Donald Trump: Oh, you started -- so, you started together.

Logan Paul: Together on YouTube.

Donald Trump: And did you branch out? You each have your own thing now?

Logan Paul: Yeah. Well, eventually, because I went to college. Jake was still in high school. He ended up dropping out. I finished my first year.

Donald Trump: That's an amazing true stories, right?

Logan Paul: Yeah, for sure.

Donald Trump: Who makes more money?

Logan Paul: It depends on the year. It depends if Jake has fights.

Donald Trump: I won't ask you --

Mike Majlak: And it depends on when this sells right here.

Logan Paul: Yeah, yeah, yeah, I think.

Donald Trump: Is that your new drink? Oh, that's good.

Logan Paul: Yeah. Yeah, yeah.

Donald Trump: If you -- if you make it, I like it.

Logan Paul: Oh, thank you, Mr. President.

Mike Majlak: You want to give him shots?

Donald Trump: No. It's got to be good. It's got to be -- look, something's propelling him to fight world champions to a draw, right?

Logan Paul: Yeah, yeah, yeah. We actually made this American Prime special for this episode. It's a hydration beverage.

Donald Trump: It's doing fine, doing well?

Logan Paul: We did 1.2 billion last year.

Donald Trump: That's great.

Logan Paul: Year two.

Donald Trump: That's -- that's fantastic.

Logan Paul: But -- but, again, I'm blessed to have -- even just be able to say that is insane. But my question is, for other young people in this country who are looking to get ahead because, for a lot of them, times are tough right now --

Donald Trump: Yep, it's very tough.

Logan Paul: What would you say to them kids, kids who want to pursue their own version of the American dream and try to achieve their wildest dreams and make it all come true?

Donald Trump: Yeah. I would say very simply, honestly, vote for Trump, because with Biden, you're never going to do it. This country is going to hell. Vote for Trump. You know, we're doing great with youth. We're doing great with African Americans, with Hispanic Americans. Through the roof, both of those groups, with women, with men, and with young people, we're doing very well.

Donald Trump: But I say, vote for Trump. If you don't have the right guy in the lead, the country is not going to -- you know, if the country doesn't do well, it's much harder to do even what you do, OK? Even what you do. So, that would be a simple message. I really -- and I really mean it actually.

Mike Majlak: The same opportunities he's had in America, I've had as well. My road has been a little bit rockier as we were talking about in my book, The Fifth Vital. I spent eight years addicted to heroin, living on the East Coast, in what I considered, you know -- I think a lot of people considered it --

Donald Trump: So, you were addicted?

Mike Majlak: Correct.

Donald Trump: Wow.

Mike Majlak: I think a lot of people consider it to be the great opiate epidemic.

Donald Trump: Let me see the book. Can I see the book?

Mike Majlak: Absolutely.

Donald Trump: We're going to get -- we're going to make this sucker a best-selling book.

Mike Majlak: There's a message -- there's a message for you on it as well.

Donald Trump: No. It's such an important --

Logan Paul: It's actually -- it's actually already --

Donald Trump: Where's my camera? There.

Logan Paul: It's already a best-selling book.

Donald Trump: Go out and buy this book. It's great.

Logan Paul: That one's for you, I believe.

Mike Majlak: I wrote a message to you in there.

Donald Trump: Well, I'm going to keep it.

Mike Majlak: Thank you so much.

Donald Trump: But it's such an important topic. Yeah. Seriously, that's so important.

Mike Majlak: There's a lot of people that are still kind of wrapped up in that world.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Mike Majlak: And I just want to ask you some questions. In 2023, the DEA seized more than 80 million fentanyl-laced fake pills, 12,000 pounds of fentanyl powder. There's so many people out there on the streets right now without access to resources with mental health, for mental health, health care, rehab, rehabilitation centers.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Mike Majlak: What's your plan to continue to stem the flow of fentanyl into the country as well as help the people who've already fallen victim to the opiate epidemic?

Donald Trump: So, when I took over, you know, it was drug infested. When I ran in 2016, I ran on the border. And I fixed the border, and I couldn't even use it in 2020 in the campaign. Even though I got millions of more votes than I got the first time, I couldn't talk about the border because I fixed it. And I'd say to my people, I want to talk about the border.

Donald Trump: I was proud of the job we did. We had it fixed. It was really in good shape, and drugs were at the lowest point in years. And, you know, not only people, drugs, human trafficking, which is such a horrible thing. It's -- you think of it as like an ancient kind of a crime. And it's -- it's bigger now than ever before because of the internet.

Donald Trump: You know, the internet has made a lot of these things much bigger than they have ever been. When you think of human trafficking, mostly in women, by the way, people don't know that, mostly in women, where they put them in trunks of cars, they have compartments, it's so horrible. And I had it down to a real -- to the lowest level, just about, I guess, in recorded, recorded times.

Donald Trump: So, what you have to do is you have to be very tough on that. We had a deal on -- the fentanyl is pouring through. I bought millions of dollars worth of equipment, believe it or not. They call it sniffing equipment. But believe it or not, the best thing to find it -- you can spend millions of dollars on equipment and machinery to find drugs coming through like, you know, sort of finds it. The best thing is a German Shepherd born in a certain -- do you know that?

Logan Paul: A dog. No way.

Mike Majlak: For sure.

Donald Trump: Oh, they're unbelievable. They can -- they go right to it. It's not even -- there is no machine. You spend $2.5 million for machinery, and the dog is is much better.

Logan Paul: More dogs.

Mike Majlak: Yeah, more dogs.

Donald Trump: We literally bred those dogs. It's a very specific type of German Shepherd from a certain part of the world. It's -- it's the most incredible thing. We worked very, very hard on that. I was with President Xi. It comes from China, and it comes in through the southern -- so, Mexico -- it comes through the southern border.

Donald Trump: And I was with President Xi. And I told you, we got along great. You know, the COVID was a step too far as far as I was concerned, but we got along great. And I said, "Do you have a drug problem?" He said no. They give the death penalty in China if you sell drugs. I said, "I'd like you to give the death penalty to people that are making fentanyl and sending it over to our country." And he was going to do that.

Donald Trump: And then we had the election result. And of course, Biden never picked up that conversation. I told them about it, but he was going to give the death penalty. If he did that, you would have had this literally stopped, almost stopped. But we have to be very, very strong at the border. This is really -- this is a plague like -- and, you know, the numbers, they say 70,000, 80,000. I think it's probably 250,000 or 300,000. This is like a war.

Donald Trump: There's rarely a war. I mean, how many wars where you're losing 300,000 people a year. And everybody knows a family -- I know many families where their children die, and they're not even addicted. They take a pill that's unrelated. And it -- it's got a little bit of fentanyl. They say you can take the -- the head of a needle and you just put a piece on there, and that's enough to kill like 10 people.

Donald Trump: It's -- it is a really horrible thing. And I would have had China giving them maximum penalty. They would not have been sending it. And I had a deal worked out with President Xi. But, of course, Biden didn't follow up, just like he didn't follow up on the Abraham Accords, which would have been a great thing to do. So, we have to be very tough on the border, and that includes drugs as well as people, as as well as people not coming in from jails and prisons and, you know, mental institutions, which is -- which is happening now at -- at levels that nobody's ever seen before.

Donald Trump: It's crazy. How can it be good? It's so bad. And I guess they're either stupid, which they're not, they hate our country, or they want to get these people for votes. A lot of people think that's -- that's the thing. They want to get them for votes. But the destruction, the damage that Biden's done to our country by having 16 million, 17 million people already in, you know, it's much more than they say.

Donald Trump: It's probably 17. It could be even higher than that. In our country, and these are not people that are going to make America great again. These are people that have a lot of issues, and we're going to have a lot of issues as long as they're here. And we're going to get them out. We have to get them out.

Logan Paul: Mr. President, I got the 10-minute warning from the team, which is now eight-minute --

Donald Trump: Oh. Let's -- let's -- let him go a little longer. It's fine, I like it. Is that OK? Yeah. Let him go a little bit longer. OK? Look at these two guys. And then it'll turn out to be a lousy show, and I'll say you were right, Jason.

Logan Paul: No, no, no. It'll be good.

Donald Trump: So, go for another 20 minutes. Is that all right? OK, go ahead.

Logan Paul: Thank you, Jason.

Donald Trump: It seems to be a nice flow, right?

Logan Paul: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Donald Trump: So, let's go.

Logan Paul: Well, you did reality TV.

Donald Trump: I'll be in trouble with my people, like Biden says, "Oh, I -- I..." I don't have that problem. But -- well, first of all, he would never -- he couldn't do this interview. Have you asked him questions like this?

Mike Majlak: No, we were think -- we were talking about that. We're like we would --

Logan Paul: We'd like to extend the invite to Joe Biden if he'd like to come on this podcast eventually.

Donald Trump: Yeah, I think he should. You know what chance you have of getting him on? I'd say less than 1%, OK? If you did, that'd be -- I'd actually watch that one. OK. See how long it lasted.

Logan Paul: So, there are two questions I have to ask.

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Logan Paul: The first one's kind of fun. Aliens. I want to talk to you about aliens, UFOs, UAPs.

Donald Trump: I know. Sure.

Logan Paul: The disclosure we've seen in Congress recently, it's confusing and upsetting a lot of Americans because something's going -- there's something happening. There are unidentified aerial phenomena in the sky. We don't know what they are. Do you?

Donald Trump: So, it's such a question I do get a lot, and it's such an interesting question. I've met with pilots that look just like you, actually, OK? They have more of a crew cut, OK? They look like him, and they look like you. Some of them look like you.

Mike Majlak: A little fatter.

Donald Trump: But these are perfect people, and they're not, you know, conspiratorial. They're not crazy. And they tell me stories that they've seen things that you wouldn't believe. These are not people that you would say, gee -- oh, that's OK.

Mike Majlak: President of United States. I said --

Donald Trump: Who is it? That's Joe Biden wanting to do an interview. So, I met with pilots like beautiful Tom cruise, but taller, OK? Handsome perfect people. "Sir, there was something there that was round in form and going like four times faster than my super jet fighter plane." And I look at these guys, and they really mean it.

Logan Paul: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And am I a believer? No, I probably -- I can't say I am, but I have met with people that are serious, people that say there's some really strange things that they see flying around out there. And, you know, if you go to Nevada and you look at that little section of -- where -- where they go to look at the aliens, where they think all the aliens are landing -- that, you know, it's one of -- I think it's maybe the No. 1 tourist attraction in the United States.

Mike Majlak: Roswell?

Donald Trump: Yeah, Roswell. It's -- I think it's the No. 1. The lines of people waiting -- you have no idea how many times I'm asked that question.

Logan Paul: But don't you have access to that information?

Donald Trump: I have access but -- and I speak to people about it. I've had actually meetings on it, and they will tell you there's something going on. When they say things -- things are going four times faster than my beautiful top-of-the-line airplane that goes, you know, real fast.

Mike Majlak: Mach 5.

Logan Paul: With no identifiable propulsion systems.

Donald Trump: Mach 2. Right.

Logan Paul: These things are creating their own gravity fields allegedly.

Donald Trump: Well, they -- they have -- they have -- people that are very smart and very solid have said they believe there is something out there. And, you know, it makes sense that there could be. I've never been convinced, even despite that. You know, I just -- for some reason, it's not my thing. But a lot of people believe that it's true.

Donald Trump: A lot of very good, solid people believe it's true.

Mike Majlak: What? And you have --

Donald Trump: I know there are illegal aliens out there, but those are the ones that come through the border. We have plenty of them. Those are the ones I know. When you say aliens, I say, are they illegal aliens? These are -- these might be illegal, but we don't want to test them. Because if they can go four times faster, we're not going to test them.

Logan Paul: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Donald Trump: So, it's an interesting question.

Logan Paul: Yeah, for sure.

Mike Majlak: Is there a chance that one of these orgs is potentially hiding information from you about aliens?

Donald Trump: I guess so. It's -- you have the deep state, and you do have a deep state. And certainly, they could, but I don't think on this subject. I was interested in it because I've been asked so many times. And I talked to people that have said that they've -- you know, there was a sighting. And it's very believable.

Donald Trump: It's -- it's very possible that there is something. And why wouldn't there be? You know, you take a look at the universe and you see all of the different planets and you see this, you know, look, here we are, and one relatively small planet, why wouldn't there be? We're on a planet that's, you know, 400 times the size?

Donald Trump: Why wouldn't there be something, somebody? So, you know, it's certainly believable to me.

Logan Paul: The thought of it freaks me out. You know, it's weird to think that we potentially are only the source of life in like an infinite, ever-expanding universe. But, you know, technology.

Donald Trump: But they'd never be able to take you in a fight.

Logan Paul: No chance.

Donald Trump: I'll bet on you.

Logan Paul: No chance. Send me in.

Donald Trump: I'll bet on you.

Mike Majlak: Send me in. Send me and my brother, we'll handle it.

Donald Trump: That's a good team.

Mike Majlak: And Elon.

Logan Paul: And if we don't come back, I'm sure people will be happy about that, too.

Donald Trump: The two of you will come back. And say hello -- say hello to him, by the way.

Logan Paul: I will.

Donald Trump: He a great guy.

Mike Majlak: Maybe -- maybe Elon could get you guys there. You're a fan of your Elon Musk?

Donald Trump: I think Elon might be good for this question. He's -- he's a terrific -- you know, I looked at this ship that went up, the spaceship, and I never saw this before. I saw -- this was, you know, like two years ago. I see the motors coming down, the engines coming down, no wings, no anything. And I say, what is going on?

Logan Paul: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And nobody ever saw that before. And if you didn't have him, you probably wouldn't be seeing it, you know. And I called him. I said, "What's that?" He says, "Well, we want to be able to reuse the engines." I said, they don't have wings. They don't have anything and their landing on a platform in the middle of the ocean.

Donald Trump: I said, "How cool is that?" That was -- I thought I saw it all, but that was -- no. He's a very, -- he's a spectacular guy.

Logan Paul: Well, I mean, between PayPal, Neuralink, Starlink, Tesla, SpaceX.

Donald Trump: And other things.

Logan Paul: Yeah. No. He's probably one of the greatest minds of our generation.

Donald Trump: AI, very big. You know, he's a big --

Logan Paul: Well, that's what I want to ask about.

Donald Trump: Yeah?

Logan Paul: It was the second question. Because, you know, technology is improving at a rapid pace, at a pace humanity has never seen before. And the most recent development in technology that is alarming but also cool is artificial intelligence, AI.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Logan Paul: I think it's going to be, eventually, to a point where we're not able to tell what's real and what's fake. The era of truth, I believe, is probably slowly, unfortunately, coming to an end, unless you come with receipts. What do you think the government's role in enabling, protecting, or governing AI should be in general?

Logan Paul: Should this superpower become what we believe it probably will be?

Donald Trump: Well, it is a superpower, and you want to be right at the beginning of it. But it is very disconcerting. I said -- you know, you used the word alarming. It is alarming. When I saw a picture of me promoting a product and I could not tell -- the voice was perfect. The lips moved perfectly with every word, the way -- you couldn't -- if you were a lip reader, you'd say it's absolutely perfect.

Donald Trump: And that's scary. In particular, in one way, if you're the president of the United States and you announce that 13 missiles have been sent to -- let's not use the name of a country. We have just sent 13 nuclear missiles heading to somewhere, and they will hit their targets in 12 minutes and 59 seconds. And you're that country.

Donald Trump: And there's no way of detect -- you know, I asked Elon. Is there any way that like Russia or China can say that that's not really President Trump? He said there is no way.

Mike Majlak: They'd have to rely on secondary first alerts.

Donald Trump: No, they have to rely on a code that if you don't have a certain code, who the hell is going to check? You got like 12 minutes, and let's check the code. Gee, how's everything doing? So, what do they do when they see this, right? They have a maybe a counterattack. It's so dangerous in that way. OK. In another way, it's so incredible that -- what they do is so incredible.

Donald Trump: I've seen it. I just got back from San Francisco. I met with incredible people in San Francisco, and we talked about this. This subject is hot on their plates. You know, the super geniuses.

Logan Paul: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And they gave us -- they gave me $12 million for the campaign, which, you know, four years ago, they probably wouldn't have. We had thousands of people on the streets. You saw it. It just happened this last weekend. And met with incredible people, actually. And this is their big -- this is what everyone's talking about with all of the technology.

Donald Trump: These are the real technology people. They're talking about AI, and they showed me things. But I've seen things that are so -- you wouldn't even think it's possible. But in terms of copycat -- now, to a lesser extent, they can make a commercial. I saw this. They made a commercial, me promoting a product, and it wasn't me. And I said, "Did I make that commercial?

Donald Trump: Did I forget that I made that commercial?" It is so unbelievable. So, it brings with it difficulty, but we have to be at the forefront. It's going to happen. And if it's going to happen, we have to take the lead over China. China is the primary threat in terms of that. And you know what they need more than anything else is electricity.

Donald Trump: They have to have electricity, massive amounts of electricity. I don't know if you know that. In order to do these, essentially it's a plant. And the electricity needs are greater than anything we've ever needed before to do AI at the highest level. And China will produce it because they'll do whatever you have to do. Whereas we have environmental impact people, and, you know, we have a lot of people trying to hold us back.

Donald Trump: But massive amounts of electricity are needed in order to do AI, and we're going to have to generate a whole different level of energy. And we can do it. And I think we should do it, but we have to be very careful with it. We have to watch it. But it's -- you know, the words you used were exactly right. It's the words a lot of smart people are using.

Donald Trump: You know, there are those people that say it takes over -- it takes over the human race. It's really powerful stuff, AI. So, let's see how it all works out. But I think as long as it's there, it --

Logan Paul: Yeah. It plays out.

Mike Majlak: And that's just AI. What about when it becomes SI or super intelligence?

Donald Trump: Yeah. No. Then they'll have super AI, right, super duper AI. But what they -- what it does is so crazy amazing. Now, it can also be really used for good. I mean, things can happen. I had a speech rewritten by AI out there. One of the top people, he said, "Oh, you're going to make a speech?" Yeah. He goes click, click, click.

Donald Trump: And like 15 seconds later, he shows me my speech.

Logan Paul: That's crazy.

Donald Trump: Written --

Logan Paul: That's crazy.

Donald Trump: So beautifully, I said, I'm going to use this sucker. I'm going to -- I'm going to use. I've never seen anything like it.

Mike Majlak: What'd you say to your speechwriter after that? You're fired.

Donald Trump: Yeah. I said, "You're fired, Vince." Get the hell out. No, no. This was so crazy. It took it, and it made it unbelievable. And it's -- and so fast it's -- you just say, I'm writing a speech about these two young, beautiful men that are great fighters and sort of created a lot of things. And tell me about them and say some nice things and period.

Donald Trump: And then they comes out. Logan in particular is a great champion. Jake is also good. See, I'm doing that only because you have --

Logan Paul: Yeah. I appreciate that.

Donald Trump: No. But no, it comes out with the most beautiful writing. So, one industry I think that will be gone are these wonderful speechwriters. I've never seen anything like it. And so quickly, a matter of literally minutes, it's done. So, it's a little bit scary.

Logan Paul: Well, as you said, let's see how this plays out. I did get the wrap it up because I do believe your team and I want to shoot a TikTok with you.

Donald Trump: Oh, that's good. I'm on TikTok, yeah.

Logan Paul: We saw. We saw your first video, 120 million views. It blew up.

Donald Trump: We have a lot of views. I don't know how many, but it was a lot. We did it.

Logan Paul: One twenty.

Donald Trump: We did it with Dana.

Logan Paul: You went viral.

Donald Trump: And we were sort of getting ready to walk into the arena, and it was a lot of crowd. And there wasn't -- there wasn't a negative voice in the whole house. It was pretty amazing.

Mike Majlak: Let's do it again.

Logan Paul: Well, I want to respect your time. I'd like to grab a couple photos, shoot this TikTok.

Donald Trump: Absolutely.

Logan Paul: One hundred twenty million views on the way.

Donald Trump: Absolutely.

Logan Paul: But thank you for joining us on Impaulsive, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: It's an honor to be with you. You guys are great.

Logan Paul: Yeah. Thank you.

Mike Majlak: Thank you so much.

Donald Trump: Good luck with your book over here. That's -- that's important stuff.

Mike Majlak: Thank you so much.

Donald Trump: That's an incredible job you did to get out of it, right?

Mike Majlak: If you're ever bored on a plane to Tuscaloosa or something, you want to give it a reading.

Donald Trump: Oh, I'm going to be reading it. I think it's -- it's such an important subject, one of the most important subjects, actually. It's great that you did it.

Mike Majlak: Thank you so much.

Logan Paul: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for watching this episode of Impaulsive with Donald Trump, Mr. President. We love you. Hit that subscribe button. We'll see you next time. Take it easy. Peace.

Mike Majlak: Nice.

Donald Trump: Good job, fellas, huh?

Logan Paul: I appreciate you, sir.

Donald Trump: Oh, they're going to get big ratings on this show.