Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-nick-kayal;-dawn-stensland-wpht-radio-new-york-may-10-2024

Nick Kayal: It's time to welcome in the 45th president of the United States of America as Donald Trump is joining us here on Kayal & Company on Talk Radio 1210 WPHT. Mr. President, Nick Kayal and Dawn Stensland here in Philadelphia. An honor and a pleasure to have you. How you doing today?

Donald Trump: Well, I'm doing good. We have some good numbers coming out. We have -- the polls have been phenomenal. I'm so happy to see. I mean, it's incredible, what's happening, with all the fake trials and all of this. It's really Biden retribution. It's Biden something. The guy can't put two sentences together. But that's what they do is they cheat.

Donald Trump: And so, we have -- but we just got some great poll numbers, and we've had them really for months now. So, we're very happy about it.

Nick Kayal: All right. So, right off the top, Joe Biden has been an unmitigated disaster across the board. But right now, the way he has handled this Israel-Middle East situation really from the jump has been a disgrace, especially in light of holding these weapons back from Israel. My question to you is how in the world could any Jewish American vote Democrat and vote Biden on November 5th?

Donald Trump: I say it all the time. If anybody that's Jewish votes for him or Democrats, they have to have their head examined. It's -- they are -- they are being treated so badly and have been for years. Don't forget the Iran nuclear deal. Israel begged them not to do that deal. I ended it. But they begged them. And unfortunately, the Democrats did nothing with it after the election was rigged and they did nothing about it. But we would have had that whole thing worked out.

Donald Trump: But it was -- it is just amazing that a person who happens to be Jewish can be voting for -- for this guy is -- doesn't make sense to me at all. A lot of things don't make sense having to do with what they're doing, from the border to all of the -- to men playing in women's sports. I mean, the world is like a cuckoo's nest right now with -- with what they do.

Dawn Stensland: Yeah. And we want to get to Title IX and that change that happens August 1st. A lot of Pennsylvania families and parents are upset about it. But I want to say to you, President Trump, since you've effectively been banned from the campaign trail most weekdays, we'd like to --

Donald Trump: It's unbelievable.

Dawn Stensland: It's unbelievable. So, we here at WPHT, we want you to know, we want to give you a semblance of equal time any day, and you're pressed for time because, obviously, you've been busy in court all day while your opponent has been campaigning here in Pennsylvania, just yesterday in Wisconsin, claiming --

Donald Trump: Right.

Dawn Stensland: He's the one creating more jobs. And yet, in Pennsylvania, we have lost thousands of people and jobs. How will you make Pennsylvania great again?

Donald Trump: And he's destroying your energy industry --

Dawn Stensland: Yes.

Donald Trump: Which is actually a big energy that a lot of people -- big industry that a lot of people don't know about. He's totally destroying it. So, what he's got is bounce back. We had the greatest economy in history, then we had the COVID, and they -- the jobs went down quickly, and then, you know, we have a bounce back.

Donald Trump: With a pandemic, you have a very big bounce back, and it all comes at one time. So, they got a bounce back from our numbers. That's all that is. And even the stock market, the stock market is good because I'm leading in all the polls. If I weren't leading in all the polls, the stock market would be, I think, 25% to 30% down from where it is right now.

Donald Trump: All I say is they better hope I win because you're going to have a 1929 number if I don't win.

Nick Kayal: Donald Trump is joining us. Mr. President, we received so many questions via email from our listeners of our morning show and we picked one, and I wanted to ask you this question. And I'm paraphrasing from one of our great listeners, Duffy, here. But Duffy is asking, if there's one thing that you would do differently as the 47th president of the United States that you learned while being the 45th president, what would it be and why a second time around?

Donald Trump: Well, you'll tell Duffy the following. I was not in Washington very much over the course of my life. They say it was 17 times. And I never slept over, right? And I didn't really know the Washington establishment so much, but I got to know it. And I put a lot of great people in, but I also put people that I wouldn't have had.

Donald Trump: The biggest thing is always the people. If you put great people, then you have no problem. We had a lot of them, on trade, in the military. We had incredible people. The real -- don't forget, I defeated ISIS in four weeks. It was supposed to take five years, but they said, "I don't even know if we can do it." We did.

Donald Trump: We did a -- we did so many incredible things: Space Force, we rebuilt our military, largest tax cuts in history, largest regulation cuts in history. So, we had a lot of great people. But the big thing would be, you know, there are a couple of them -- and immediately, I won't even mention their names because people aren't talking about them anymore, but there are a couple of people that let the both of you and me and a couple and -- and basically the Republicans and the country down.

Donald Trump: And the biggest thing is people. And now, I know the good, the bad, the ugly. I know them all. And we're going to have -- we're going to come out and have the strongest border. We're going to have the strongest military. We're going to be in great shape. And it's going to go fast. We're going to have to deport a lot of people that came in. They're coming in from prisons.

Donald Trump: They're coming in from mental institutions. We're going to have to be deporting a lot of people out of here, but we're going to do that and we're going to bring our country back and we're going to make America great again.

Dawn Stensland: Mr. President, there are so many parents, especially moms across Philadelphia, where my husband and I have raised our kids, whether it's Bucks County, Montgomery County, Delaware County, and Chester County. A mom recently told me, you know, she and her husband, they're trying to, you know, really pinch some pennies.

Dawn Stensland: They want to send their 10-year-old daughter who's in public school where they moved to a private Christian school. Even the grandparents are going to help out next year. Because of these Title IX rules going into effect, many schools are grappling with what they're going to do because as of August 1st, as you know, because of Biden's manipulation of Title IX, these kids -- the school boards have no choice.

Dawn Stensland: They're meeting right now. They -- many of them perplexed, and they don't know what to do, Mr. President, because they're so upset over this that as of August 1st, a biological boy can change in a locker room, a dressing room.

Donald Trump: It's crazy. It's crazy.

Dawn Stensland: What -- what would you do on --

Donald Trump: On day one -- don't forget, that was done as an order from the president.

Dawn Stensland: Yes.

Donald Trump: That came down as an executive order. And we're going to change it. On day one, it's going to be changed. We're going to end it. That's right. Boys can go into girls' locker rooms. The whole thing is crazy. Look, it's like men playing in women's sports. It's like open borders for the world to come in, send all their prisoners.

Donald Trump: We'll take as many as you can give us. Send all their people from mental institutions. No, we'll get that changed. Tell your people not to worry about it. It'll be signed on day one. It'll be terminated.

Nick Kayal: Mr. President, final one for you. I want to talk about your baby boy, Barron, who wants to jump into the political spectrum at such a young age. Have you been encouraging him? Have you given him advice? Have you told him how nasty the industry and the profession can be? What have you told Barron?

Donald Trump: He's seen it. He doesn't have to hear it. He's a smart one. He doesn't have to hear much. But he's a great guy. He's a little on the tall side, I will tell you. He's a tall one. But he's a good-looking guy, and he's -- he's really been a great student. And he does like politics. It's sort of funny. He'll tell me sometimes, "Dad, this is what you have to do." So, anyway, he's a -- he's a good guy.

Donald Trump: He's a -- he's a senior now in high school, and he'll be going to college. And, you know, a lot of a -- lot of these choices of colleges are changing because you see what's going on in the last month. Biden has totally lost control of the country. And just to finish up, he is the worst president. When you take a look at what happens, he is the worst president in the history of our country, without question, by far.

Donald Trump: Jimmy, if you look at -- if you look at whether it's Jimmy or whether it's anybody else, pick -- pick the five worst. There's no way. I mean, Jimmy Carter, by comparison, is a genius compared to Biden. He's the worst president. He's the worst president in the history of our country. There's nobody even close.

Donald Trump: And we have to win. November 5th is going to be a very big day. I think it's going to be the most important day in the history of our country.

Nick Kayal: And this Saturday --

Donald Trump: That's Election Day, by the way, in case anybody doesn't know.

Nick Kayal: Yes. Yes, indeed. And this Saturday is going to be a very big day.

Dawn Stensland: And Happy Mother's Day to Melania we should say.

Nick Kayal: Yes. Happy Mother's Day to Melania as well.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Nick Kayal: We're looking forward to Wildwood this Saturday, Mr. President. They're expecting over 40,000 people.

Donald Trump: Good. And I hope you'll both be there. Bring your family.

Dawn Stensland: Yes.

Donald Trump: And we're going to have a tremendous crowd. And it's 5 o'clock in Wildwood, and we're going to have a big, big crowd. It's going to be wild.

Nick Kayal: All right. Thank you so much, Mr. President. We wish you the best.

Donald Trump: OK. Thank you very much. See you then. So long. Bye.

Nick Kayal: You got it. There he is, Donald Trump, the 45th and hopefully 47th president of the United States of America, joining us here on Kayal & Company on Talk Radio 1210 WPHT.