Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-cats-cosby-radio-show-wabc-may-22-2024

Rita Cosby: And joining us now on Cats & Cosby is the 45th president of the United States, President Donald Trump. Mr. President, it's so great to have you here on the show.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much.

Rita Cosby: You know, you are going to be doing a big rally in the Bronx tomorrow night. It's your first major rally in New York, where you were born, of course. You built so much of the skyline. The first time in eight years you'll be doing a rally like this. What does it mean to you? What's your message to New York?

Donald Trump: Well, my message is we have to make it better. We have to heal it. It's never been like this. And you have hundreds of thousands of migrants taking up your schools and taking up your hospitals and your parks. And it's never been like this. You know, I could say the same for other cities, but New York got hit harder, and you have bigger numbers.

Donald Trump: And it's costing a fortune, and the taxpayers are paying for it from New York. And it's -- it's a catastrophe. And I think it's really time for New York to go Republican. We're going to rebuild the state. We're going to rebuild the city, and we're going to spend the money that's necessary. We're going to make it great again, and we're going to have to get the illegals out of New York because no place can sustain it, no place.

Rita Cosby: Do you really think there's a chance that New York, a Blue State, could be in play this election season?

Donald Trump: Well, I do if we can have an honest election and if we can let the facts out. And that's what we're doing on Thursday. We're starting with a -- with a really good rally. And it's going to be very interesting. This hasn't been done in a long time, but it'll be very interesting. And we're doing some other big things that you and John know about.

Donald Trump: And I think it's going to be -- it's going to be in play. Why wouldn't it be? Biden's done a -- he's failed. Biden has failed to deliver. He's failed at everything he's done. He's the worst president in the history of our country by far. Jimmy Carter is brilliant by comparison. I mean, his administration, Jimmy Carter would be a brilliant administration by comparison to Biden.

Donald Trump: Biden is the worst president we've ever had. Not a thing he's done has been right if you think about it.

John Catsimatidis: Mr. President, our city, our state where we lived in for so many years, and you lived in here for so many years, and our country is in deep trouble. You had 100,000 people in New Jersey. You're going to have a ton of people in the South Bronx. People are coming out because they're upset of what's going on. I mean, our country is under attack.

John Catsimatidis: You know, I believe in immigration. I remember when Bill Fugazy and myself, we did Ellis Island along with Lee Iacocca. And we believe in immigration because we want people to come in, but we want -- we want to know who's coming and going. I mean, they have uncontrolled borders, which is very sad.

Donald Trump: John, you want to see -- and I remember Ellis Island. I was the recipient of the award like I believe you were. And it was a great, you know, a great feeling, a great -- everything was different. It was so different. But people were coming in legally. They weren't coming in this way. And now, if you look, and I say it all the time, they're coming in from prisons and jails.

Donald Trump: They're coming in from mental institutions and insane asylums, which is a step above. They're coming in as terrorists. Many, many terrorists are coming in, and people are coming in with very contagious disease. You know, it's -- all of a sudden, you see there's a run on tuberculosis. There's a run on things that we haven't talked about for years in this country.

Donald Trump: And, you know, it's a very horrible thing they're doing to our country. And they're coming in totally unvetted, unchecked. And they're not just coming from South America. They're coming from Africa. The Congo is sending a lot of people. The Congo sending a lot of people, but they're coming in from Africa, they're coming in from Asia, they're coming in from all over.

Donald Trump: They're coming in from the Middle East, Yemen, a lot of Yemen. They're coming in, as you know, from China, but they're just pouring in. We have no idea who they are, where they come from. We have no idea. They speak languages we don't even know about. We have people with languages that we know nothing about.

Donald Trump: I mean, it's crazy.

John Catsimatidis: I mean, the other big thing with these migrants coming in, I'd rather take care of the poor American people, the poor kids in Harlem, the poor kids in the inner cities, the people that are in the streets of New York, the homeless.

Donald Trump: The veterans. The veterans.

John Catsimatidis: The veterans. I mean -- than take care of people from Africa. We can't take care of the whole world.

Donald Trump: That's right.

John Catsimatidis: I mean, I don't understand what President Biden is doing and why he's doing it.

Donald Trump: He doesn't understand it either. He's shot, and he doesn't understand it either. But he's surrounded by a bunch of Marxists, a bunch of fascists, and they want to keep their jobs, and they want to destroy our country. But he has no clue. He doesn't -- if you look at him, he doesn't know where he is. So, you know that, I know that, everybody knows that.

Donald Trump: And I doubt he'll even be running. Frankly, I just can't even imagine it. But regardless -- and we're all set up for a debate. And if he gets through the debate, they'll say it was brilliant. It was brilliant. You know, [Inaudible]. But if he does, we have a debate. I hear now, we're sitting at tables. I don't want to sit at a table.

Donald Trump: I said, "No, let's stand." But they want to sit at a table. So, we'll be sitting at a table as opposed to, you know, doing it the way you should be, in my opinion, in a debate. You walk out to a podium and you stand for an hour and a half or two hours, but they have them sitting at a table, so that's not so good.

Donald Trump: I just heard that that was another one of their many -- but I agreed to their request because I want to debate this. I want to debate him. I want him to tell him -- I want him to tell us why he did that in Afghanistan, why it was the worst, most embarrassing day in history where we gave back 85 -- think of it. We gave them $85 billion worth of equipment, 13 people killed, 45 people just so badly hurt of our people.

Donald Trump: And, you know, hundreds of people killed overall, and we left a lot of hostages behind. I call them hostages. We left a lot of Americans behind. We took out the military first. We have a great military. We have a smart military. I defeated ISIS with our military, and we did it in record time. It was supposed to take four years.

Donald Trump: I did it in a few months, less than that. And we have a great military, and it's not going woke. But the top people are woke, and the people below them are much smarter than they are. They're not going woke. Our military is not going woke. That I can tell you.

John Catsimatidis: Mr. President, the Suez Canal is shut.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

John Catsimatidis: And the Red Sea is shut. And that's causing the price of oil to be probably $15, $20 higher than it should be. Why isn't the commander of chief using our military to open it up?

Donald Trump: Well, he wouldn't know how to use the military. Every time he uses the military, we lose. Our military is incredibly powerful. Remember, when I took out ISIS, I did it in a few weeks. Everyone said it was going to take five years. You used to say it was five years, John. I hear you -- because that's what you were hearing.

Donald Trump: Five years, I did it in a few weeks with great generals and great -- the real generals, not the television generals. But the world is not respecting us. They look at our president like, "You have to be kidding." They don't even believe it. When they meet this guy, they don't -- I know these people. They don't even believe it. They say, "You're kidding here." The only thing they're good at is cheating on elections.

Donald Trump: And what they're really good at, what they're really good at is now using prosecutors on political opponents. That's what they're good at. And you get rigged judges. You get a whole rigged system. They have to -- they have to do something about the court system in New York. It's so bad now. It is such a rigged system.

Donald Trump: Three cases, every one of them was the same kind of a judge, a horror -- like horror shows.

John Catsimatidis: All the business people in New York are going to leave if it keeps going like that.

Donald Trump: Well, they can't be -- they can't put their business at risk like I did. I got sued by this -- this horror show, this horrible person, Letitia James. Mostly Soros-backed, that the DA is Bragg-Soros-backed and won the case 100%. But get a judge. I didn't even have a jury. I wasn't entitled to a jury. The judge said, "No, I'm taking the case." He wasn't in the commercial division.

Donald Trump: He refused to give the case. It should have never been brought. And this judge just picked a number out of the air. He thought an asset in Palm Beach, Florida was $18 million, and it was worth -- he said it was worth 18 million, but it's worth much more than a billion. And he didn't know anything. And then he just picked a number.

Donald Trump: He did -- he picked the number that they wanted him to pick. They told him what to do. They were his boss. And, you know, you can't subject businesses. Now, I have one that's just a totally -- a totally conflicted judge. Nobody's ever seen anything like it. And the rulings he's giving us, it's as simple -- it's another case -- by the way, SDNY, every agency, the Federal Election said it was fine.

Donald Trump: Everybody ruled no problem. Bragg came in, ruled no problem. Cy Vance, no problem, no case. Meaning, there's no case. And now, I run, I go to No. 1 by far and now leading Biden by a lot, as you know, probably even better than I do, John. But -- and Rita. But leading Biden by a lot, the numbers that just came out this morning, I mean, it's incredible.

Donald Trump: And that's because people are just fed up. But in New York, they brought this case that nobody wanted to bring right in the middle of my election. They could have brought it if they really wanted to bring it, but nobody did because there is no case. But it's a rigged case, and the judge is giving -- charging orders that nobody can believe.

Donald Trump: If you look at Jonathan Turley, if you look at Andy McCarthy, I mean, any of them. Gregg Jarrett is incredible -- these are all incredible people. Dershowitz.

John Catsimatidis: Dershowitz, yes.

Donald Trump: Incredible people. Every one of them said this is a sham case. There's no crime. They're trying to say, where is the crime? There's no crime. They're trying to create a crime from no crime.

John Catsimatidis: Mr. President, it's being orchestrated by Washington, not orchestrated --

Donald Trump: Oh, 100%. Hundred percent.

John Catsimatidis: Not orchestrated in New York State.

Donald Trump: Well, you saw who tried the case yesterday. You saw that.

John Catsimatidis: Yes.

Donald Trump: I'm not allowed to talk about it. You know why? I can't mention the name. You know why? Because I have a gag order. The judge put a gag order so I couldn't use the name --

John Catsimatidis: I understand it was the No. 3 person in the Justice Department that was previously a DNC operative.

Donald Trump: No. No, it's a very sad thing.

John Catsimatidis: Very sad.

Donald Trump: It's all of them, including civil cases. All of them are being orchestrated from the White House in order to do two things: Let me spend my money, which is fine; my time, which isn't fine because I don't have the time. I have to be out campaigning. Now. The only good thing I can say is I think it may be backfired on them.

Donald Trump: We can't tell until the end. But so far, my poll numbers are the highest they've ever been because the people get it. They see it's a scam. They see it's a rigged deal. It's a rigged case. It's a rigged court system, 100%.

Rita Cosby: Yeah, people -- people are seeing the polls. You're right. Mr. President, you know, in the New York City trial, your defense rested its case without you taking the stand. You know, you said you would absolutely testify. Why did you decide ultimately not to take the stand? Was that a hard decision for you?

Donald Trump: Yeah, because he made rulings that makes it very difficult to testify. Anything I did, anything I did in the past, they can bring everything up. And you know what? I've had a great past, but anything -- but the other thing is -- and the main reason, and I don't even mind that. In fact, I like talking about it because we had rigged cases.

Donald Trump: New York is out of control. And they can solve it with a good appellate. You know, we won in the Engoron case. He doesn't know anything about what he's doing, and he's totally corrupt. That's a different case. We had that overturned. We had decisions overturned five times. I think it's a record. He's the most overturned -- Engoron is the most overturned judge in New York.

Donald Trump: I'm not getting a fair shake legally. That I can tell you.

John Catsimatidis: Mr. President, that's not -- that's not the point. They wanted to keep you off the campaign trail. That's all they're doing. They know --

Donald Trump: They want to keep me off the campaign trail. They want to dirty you up as much as possible, John. You know, you don't know that. I mean, you -- you ran and you love politics. I know you love politics more than I do, probably. But you understand, they want to dirty you up. They want to go basically against Biden's opponent because he can't fight himself.

Donald Trump: He can't do it himself. He's incompetent, frankly. But they want to go, and they want to do it. And it's a group of fascists that surround the Oval Office that are right next to the Resolute Desk, which is a gorgeous desk in the Oval Office that the president sits at. And these are the people, John, and it's a very dangerous thing for our country.

Donald Trump: And by the way, Rita, just to finish, the other reason is because they have no case. In other words, why would -- why testify when they have no case? They finished, they have no crime. There is no crime. Everybody wrote -- Jonathan Turley just wrote an article today. Gregg Jarrett just wrote an article today.

Donald Trump: There's no crime, OK? Andy McCarthy said there's no crime. These are all top scouts, everybody. Calabresi, highly respected; Dershowitz, again, highly respected, he just wrote it -- there's no crime. So, when you say why not testify, they have no case other than it's a corrupt system.

Rita Cosby: And before we let you go, Mr. President, this big news came out about the classified documents. Did you see this?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Rita Cosby: Where the newly released court filings show that the FBI was authorized to use deadly force if needed during the raid of your private home in August 2022? It's stunning. You know, you're a former president of the United States. What was your reaction that it was authorized by Biden's DOJ?

Donald Trump: Well, these are vicious people. These are fascists, communists. We are being run -- look, why would anybody allow 17 million, 18 million people into our country? Because that's the real number we have. It'll be 20 million by the time this guy gets out. November 5th is the most important day in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: That's Election Day. And if we don't win this election, our country is finished. Most important day. But we're having a rally, and the rally is going to be -- I think we're going to try and modify it, but so many people are trying to get there. It's like New Jersey. We thought we were going to have 40,000. We had 107,000. This one, we don't have that kind of room, but we're going to have a lot of people, and it's going to be amazing.

Donald Trump: And if it works out, we'll do some more. I mean, we're going to keep you busy with all your beautiful ABC and all of the things you guys are doing. We're going to keep you busy, and I hope you guys are going to both come as my guests, OK? We're going to have a wild time, I can tell you.

Rita Cosby: We would love to. That would be great. That would be -- and it's going to be packed, Wildwood. And you've got some other big ones coming up, right?

Donald Trump: Yeah. We have big, big rallies coming up. You know what? The spirit is now -- so, look. I won in 2016. I did much better in 2020. I got millions more votes, much, much better, not even close. And this one blows both of those away in terms of enthusiasm. There's more enthusiasm now, John and Rita. There's more enthusiasm now than we've ever seen ever, not even close.

Donald Trump: I mean, like, as an example, Wildwood. But every other rally, too. I went to South Carolina, we had 88,000 people show up, 88,000. Nobody's ever had in history. If Ronald Reagan or take a really good president went to a rally somewhere like we're talking, they'd have 300 or 400 people in a ballroom. We're getting -- we had 88,000 people.

Donald Trump: We had 68,000 people in Alabama for a rally. It's -- the numbers we're getting are just crazy numbers. And that's because they're looking for hope. They want hope. They're so tired of the incompetent people running our country with the open borders, with the woke-y military that they want with no respect.

Donald Trump: You know, we're not respected anywhere in the world now, not respected anywhere. We're going to lose our dollar. We're going to lose -- we're going to -- once we lose that, that's like losing a war. It'll be a whole different country. They don't want to use our dollar. They don't want to use our money. They have no respect for this man who's a president.

Donald Trump: He's not a president. When you look at him, he can't walk out of a helicopter. He almost fell out of a helicopter two days ago.

John Catsimatidis: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: The whole thing -- the whole thing is a disgrace.

John Catsimatidis: Mr. President, he has not done anything right.

Donald Trump: Yes.

John Catsimatidis: He has not done the economy right. He hasn't done interest rates right. The fentanyl killed 100,000 people, 100,000 American people. And it's still coming through the borders. I mean, it's just very sad for our country. And --

Donald Trump: And, John, he could close it up with just saying close the border. You know, he doesn't need Congress. He keeps saying, "Oh, we're trying to work on a bill." He's not. He doesn't need a bill. I didn't have a bill, and I closed it up. I had the safest border in history, and I did it twice. I won in 2016, and in 2020, I couldn't even use it because the border was so good.

Donald Trump: Now, though, the border compared to 2016 is 100 times worse. This is big league. This isn't even -- we don't even have a border. I mean, there's no border. There's nothing. People are flowing in by the millions. And the people --

John Catsimatidis: And we don't know who -- and we don't know who they are.

Rita Cosby: Yeah, unvetted.

Donald Trump: Many come from prisons, and many come from mental institutions. And you got many terrorists coming in, and we have that documented. And -- but you know that the prisons -- all over the world, the prisons are being emptied out. They're being -- you look at prison population in other countries. They're taking their prisoners.

Donald Trump: They're dumping them into -- into your -- hopefully, they'll listen to your station at least. But they're taking their prisoners, and they're dumping them into the U.S.A. And Venezuela, the greatest -- so, Venezuela was very crime-ridden, very big problems. Their crime is down 72% since last year. Why? Because they've taken their prisoners from Caracas and all the different places, and they put them into the United States.

Donald Trump: Their prison population is down by 57%. It'll soon be down by 100%.

Rita Cosby: I know you have to go because I know you've got a busy day. By the way, I saw the DEA said that there are cartels now operating in all 50 states. That is stunning.

Donald Trump: Can you believe it?

Rita Cosby: Mr. President, we are so honored to have you here on the show.

John Catsimatidis: And the only person that has the courage to fix the United States of America and fix the world, I said it on Sid Rosenberg's show this morning, is President Donald Trump.

Rita Cosby: Yeah. We need a warrior. We need a lot of cleanup.

Donald Trump: Sid Rosenberg is great like you both are. And Sid is great. And we have no choice, John. It's not like, you know, hey, I'd like to be doing other things, perhaps. We're going to make America great again. We're going to do it faster than people think. We're going to open up the oil. We're going to get energy prices way down.

Donald Trump: We're going to cut energy prices for people in half, and that's going to get rid of inflation and all the other horrible things that are happening. Then we're going to be respected again.

Rita Cosby: Absolutely.

John Catsimatidis: Energy prices go down, Mr. President. Food prices go down a month later.

Donald Trump: Correct.

John Catsimatidis: And interest -- that's inflation goes down, then interest rates go down. And we don't have to have a 7.5% 30-year mortgage.

Donald Trump: And we don't have to dip into the strategic reserves, which we need for military purposes, in order to get prices down a little tiny bit. You know, gasoline prices for an election that's coming up, which is what he just did again. Strategic reserves are the lowest they've ever been in the history of our country right now because this guy keeps using them to try and get gasoline for the election.

Donald Trump: He did it for the last election, but ultimately, people are wise to it now. We have the lowest strategic reserves we've ever had, and if we had war, if we had problems, which is what it's meant for, we've got no energy. It's pretty bad.

Rita Cosby: Yeah, it's a very big concern.

John Catsimatidis: Very, very bad.

Rita Cosby: Well, Mr. President, we are so honored to have you here. We wish you so much luck at the rally. We'll see you. We'll join you. That would be great to join you at the rally.

Donald Trump: Good. I look forward -- I'm going to watch for you guys. Take care. Thanks a lot, Rita.

John Catsimatidis: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thanks, John.

Rita Cosby: Thank you, Mr. President. Thank you.

Donald Trump: So long. Bye.