Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-sean-hannity-town-hall-fox-news-september-4-2024

Donald Trump: Oh! [Audience chants " U.S. A."] Thank you very much. Beautiful. Hello, everybody. Hi, Sean.

Sean Hannity: How are you, sir?

Donald Trump: Nice one.

Sean Hannity: Great to see you. Grab a seat.

Donald Trump: OK.

Sean Hannity: Get comfortable.

Donald Trump: Hello, everybody. Thank you, David. [Applause] Wow.

Sean Hannity: Wow.

Donald Trump: Nice crowd.

Sean Hannity: I would say a big crowd.

Donald Trump: It's a big crowd.

Sean Hannity: You know, I mentioned we had this terrible shooting in Georgia. Our prayers are with our friends in Georgia. And I've been doing town halls and interviews in public with you for all these years since you got into the political arena. And I told this audience, never before have restrictions been so tight, obviously, after the assassination attempt as well.

Sean Hannity: And Director Wray said the threat level has never been this bad. He said it five consecutive times before Congress. What is going on?

Donald Trump: Well, it's a sick and angry world for a lot of reasons, and we're going to make it better. We're going to heal our world. We're going to get rid of all these wars that are starting all over the place because of incompetent American leadership. And we're going to make it better. You know, Viktor Orban made a statement.

Donald Trump: They said, "Bring Trump back and we won't have any problems." He was very strong about that. So, we're going to hopefully do very well. We have an election coming up and actually, you know, they keep saying 60, but it starts in Delaware and North Carolina and other places a lot sooner than that. So, I think we're going to be very well set up to do a great job.

Donald Trump: And do we love Pennsylvania? Do we love [Applause]

Sean Hannity: Mr. President, let me ask you this. Between -- [Audience chants " U.S. A."]

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Sean Hannity: This is a very tough interview. You know --

Donald Trump: You know, one thing I'll say is that we did great in 2016. We did much better in 2020. We've got millions of more votes, but there has never been enthusiasm like we have now. I mean, I see it all over. There's never been anything like it. And I hear the polls are very close, and we have a little lead and a little -- I just find it hard to believe because, first of all, they've been so bad.

Donald Trump: They've done such a bad job, but that's why the enthusiasm is so good because they never had anything to compare it by. You know, I ran and we did -- I didn't have anything at all. I just was a successful businessman, and we did a good campaign. But the next time we had something special, we could talk about what we did, but we never could imagine we'd have borders where 20 million people have poured into our country.

Donald Trump: Many criminals from all over the world are coming into our country. They're coming from jails not just South America, from all over the world. They're coming in at levels that nobody's ever seen. They're coming from prisons. They're allowing prisoners to come out of all countries. Almost 180 countries were represented over the last number of months, 180.

Donald Trump: Most people don't know that you have that many countries. They're emptying out their prisons and jails. They're emptying out their mental institutions and insane asylums. They're emptying out the sickest people, and they're emptying all into the United States. And you said it better than anybody, more terrorists have come into the United States in the last three years.

Donald Trump: And I think probably 50 years. There's never been anything like it. These people are so bad. They're so dangerous. What they've done to our country is they are destroying our country. And we can't let this happen. If they won, you'd have not 20 million, you have 100 million people, you won't have Social Security, you won't have Medicare, you won't have anything already.

Donald Trump: If you take a look at the numbers, they're filling up and loading up Social Security, Medicare with illegal immigrants that have come into our country, many of them from jails and many of them from very bad places. And we're not going to destroy our country, Sean.

Sean Hannity: Well, let me -- I'm going to play Kamala Harris and the comments that she has made about the border because I think this is important. I want to play her in her own words about this. You're right, we have people almost 11 million plus. We don't know how many gotaways there are. We have hundreds of known terrorists that have entered the country.

Sean Hannity: We don't know what countries they've come from. We're allowing people in. They've come in from Iran, Syria, Egypt, Afghanistan, China, tens and tens of thousands, Russia, Venezuela. I don't think they're coming here because they want a better life as maybe some other people are. And we know nothing about them.

Sean Hannity: We haven't vetted them. I scroll the names often on this show of people that have been murdered, people that have been raped, victims of violent crime, and this is all happening by unvetted Harris Biden illegal immigrants. What is your -- well, I can play her tape -- I'll play that maybe after your answer, but what is your reaction to the -- you've spoken to some of the families of loved ones.

Donald Trump: I said at the beginning, I said -- when I heard they were going to have open borders, they want open borders, she wants open borders. Now, she's all of a sudden saying, "Oh, I think we'll close the borders." She was the border czar, whether you like it or not. But even if you don't want to use that term, she was in charge of the border.

Donald Trump: It's the worst border in the history of the world, not just here. There's never been a country that allowed 21 million people to come in over a 3-year period. There's never been. And 21 million people, many of whom are from prisons, many of whom are murderers and drug dealers and child traffickers and by the way, women traffickers.

Donald Trump: You know, women trafficking is the biggest and they're traffickers in women, and they're coming in now and they're putting them in our Social Security accounts and they're putting them in Medicare. [Audience boos] And just one thing, if you take a look over the last week, I said this was going to happen.

Donald Trump: And it's happening because these people are tougher than our criminals. Our criminals are nice people by comparison. That's the only good thing. We're showing how nice our criminals are. They came from 22 people, recently, came from the Congo in Africa. "Where do you come from?" "Prison." "What did you do?" "We refuse to say."

Donald Trump: We're letting everybody in. We're letting everybody in. Take a look at Aurora in Colorado, where Venezuelans are taking over the whole town. They're taking over buildings, the whole town. And the sheriff, who can blame them? I mean they have AK-47s. You saw it the other day, they're knocking down doors and occupying apartments of people.

Donald Trump: The people are petrified, and it's getting worse and worse. You look at New York, Chicago, Los Angeles. And now, you look at all over the place, you take a look at Iowa, Idaho, places that never had the problem. They're pouring in 21 million people, that's bigger than New York. And we have to stop it and we have to do the largest deportation in the history of -- [Applause]

Sean Hannity: Let me play for you -- and this is really a problem for the campaign in my view, as early voting is about to start. And I don't know how many Americans are truly familiar with her positions of decriminalizing illegal immigration and free housing healthcare, education. Tim Walz wants free college education, legal driver's licenses.

Donald Trump: I was so honored today.

Sean Hannity: And she wants a path to --

Donald Trump: His brother endorsed me.

Sean Hannity: I saw it.

Donald Trump: And his whole family. I saw the picture. And honestly, it was a very nice-looking family. But his brother endorsed me and the whole family endorsed me. I said, "Who are all the people?"

Sean Hannity: Let me play Kamala.

Donald Trump: No, no. Let me tell you, there's something weird with that guy. He's a weird guy. JD is not weird, he's a solid rock. I happen to be a very solid rock. We're not weird. We're other things perhaps, but we're not weird, but he is a weird guy. He walks onto the stage. There's something wrong with that guy.

Donald Trump: And he called me weird and then the fake news media picks it up. That was the word of the day weird, weird, weird, they're all going, but we're not weird guys. We're very solid people that want our country to be great again. I mean it's very simple.

Sean Hannity: Let's play Kamala in her own words on the issue of immigration. [Begin videotape]

Kamala Harris: This whole thing about the border, we've been to the border, we've been to the border.

Unidentified: You haven't been to the border?

Kamala Harris: And I haven't been to Europe. And I mean, I don't understand the point that you're making.

Jake Tapper: You support giving universal healthcare and Medicare for all, to people who are in this country illegally?

Kamala Harris: Let me just be very clear about this. I am opposed to any policy that would deny in our country any human being from access to public safety, public education, or public health, period. We have to have a secure border, but I am in favor of saying that we're not going to treat people who are undocumented and cross the border as criminals.

Kamala Harris: That's correct. The border is secure. Listen, I think there's no question that we've got to critically reexamine ICE and its role and the way that it is being administered, and the work it is doing, and we need to probably think about starting from scratch. [End videotape]

Sean Hannity: [Audience boos] So, and now she wants to offer a path to citizenship, which by any definition would be amnesty. Your reaction?

Donald Trump: Well, before you even start with that, of course, it's ridiculous, you can't do it. No country could sustain this, but she wants no fracking in Pennsylvania. She wants no fracking, [Audience boos] And she said it 100 times, there will be no fracking. There will be no fracking. There will be no fracking.

Donald Trump: Then just recently she said, "Yes, I could approve fracking." Look, this is a woman who is dangerous, I don't think, too smart, but let's see. But she loses her train of thought a lot. She goes -- that's why she doesn't want to do interviews. Can you imagine her doing an interview like this or like any of them? I mean, she did an interview with Dana Bash on CNN.

Donald Trump: And you know I have to tell you, Dana Bash did the debate with Joe Biden with --

Sean Hannity: Jake.

Donald Trump: I used to call him Fake Tapper, but I don't do that anymore. You know why? Because he was very honorable, and so was she. And I thought that she would give a fair interview based on the debate because she was fair. I was surprised, to be honest with you, I didn't expect that, but she was fair. I thought I did well.

Donald Trump: I don't think he did too well. Although a friend of mine said, "You shouldn't have done the interview. He's not going to make it." And you know what? He didn't make it. You know, think of this, it's very unfair in a lot of ways. I complained about it, but she ran against him in the primaries. She got no votes, no votes.

Donald Trump: And she was the first to leave, I think 22 people or something like that. And she dropped, she was down to nothing, never even made Iowa, and he got 14 million votes and they threw him out. They said, "We want you out," and he wasn't going to win. I don't think. I mean, I don't think he was going to win.

Donald Trump: But we did a good debate, we had a good debate, and it was a fair debate. And he was down like 18 or 19 points after the debate. And I hate mosquitoes, I'm surprised. I didn't think we had -- we don't like those mosquitoes running around. We want nothing to do with them. And we want nothing to do with bad politicians that hate our country, too, you want to know the truth.

Donald Trump: But he had -- they went to him and they said, "We want you out. You're not going to win," and it was really a coup when you think about it. And the woman who came in, the person that came in last -- I mean, she came in last, she was the first one out, out of all those people. You had many people that did pretty well.

Donald Trump: It was actually close at the end. And then in South Carolina -- and by the way, New Hampshire was so badly treated by the Democrat Party and by Joe Biden and her. I can't imagine New Hampshire voting for him. Anybody in New Hampshire, because they're watching right now, but anybody in New Hampshire that votes for Biden and Kamala, I really think -- I call her Comrade Kamala because that's what her ideology is.

Donald Trump: But you know that she did something after decades and decades and decades. It was Iowa, the first two, Iowa and New Hampshire. And that's the way people thought it was going to be. He didn't want to go to New Hampshire. He didn't want to play the New Hampshire game. And so, he went to a different state.

Donald Trump: We won't mention it, it's a great state. I won it by a lot. I love that state. But he dumped New Hampshire. And I said to people today, "Who the hell from New Hampshire would vote for this guy?" He changed the whole primary system. He changed the whole system because he took them out of the order.

Sean Hannity: Let me get to this, sir.

Donald Trump: And I think it's going to have a big effect. We really want to win New Hampshire. I've done well there, and we really want to win New Hampshire.

Sean Hannity: Let me go back to the issue. And it's a big issue in the state of Pennsylvania, and you mentioned it. And let me just tell the audience so everybody is fully aware is that tonight, Fox offered a debate opportunity between you and Kamala Harris, and I was not going to be here, but it was going to be Bret and Martha.

Donald Trump: This was supposed to be a debate tonight, so I would have preferred it.

Sean Hannity: Right. So, I figured --

Donald Trump: I think he's a nice guy, but I would have preferred a debate.

Sean Hannity: Thanks a lot.

Donald Trump: But this is the best we could do, Sean. This is the best we can do.

Sean Hannity: You're stuck with me.

Donald Trump: No. This was a debate.

Sean Hannity: Let me go play because a big issue in this state is the issue of banning fracking. Now in that, I thought it was a horrible interview and a missed opportunity. Do you know, for 16 minutes -- she spoke for 16 minutes and 29 seconds in that whole interview, the only interview. You and JD Vance have done -- this is your 36th interview or press conference between the two of you.

Sean Hannity: And we don't know if she supports the Green New Deal she co-sponsored with Bernie Sanders that would cost $93 trillion. We don't know if she stands by that. We don't know if she supports Medicare for all that would eliminate all private health insurance. We don't know if she would really ban fracking.

Sean Hannity: Now in the CNN interview, she said, "Well, I've said in 2020 that I would not ban fracking." CNN had to fact check her and say, "No, she never said it. This is what she really said." [Audience says "She's a liar."] [Begin videotape]

Unidentified: Will you commit to implementing a federal ban on fracking on your first day in office, adding the United States to the list of countries who have banned this devastating practice?

Kamala Harris: There's no question I'm in favor of banning fracking. So, yeah.

Unidentified: So, would you ban offshore drilling?

Kamala Harris: Yes. And I've again worked on that. [End videotape]

Sean Hannity: Now, correct me if I'm wrong, you're a better businessman than I am, isn't energy, fracking, oil, the lifeblood of the world's economy?

Donald Trump: So, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania cannot even take a chance because that's their real opinion of her. Now the whole country would go down the tubes if you didn't do the fossil fuel thing. It just would go, and you could do all sorts of other things. But you know, Germany tried it and it lasted for about nine months, and they were going to go down the tubes entirely.

Donald Trump: And somebody else came in, and I hate to say, they're building a coal plant every single week, every week, and they're building nuclear and they're doing a lot of things. It's never worked. It never will work. But Pennsylvania can't take a chance, that that answer is true. But she's been there for 20 years.

Donald Trump: That's what she's been saying for a long time, and she will do that. There's no chance that she's going to allow it. The election will take place if she won, you're not going to have any fracking in Pennsylvania. You have 500,000 jobs. Think of that. That's your biggest business. And you get a big majority of your income from fracking, and you have somebody that's not going to allow fracking.

Donald Trump: She's not going to allow it. You can't take the chance. You have no choice. You've got to vote for me. You've got to vote for me. You've got to even if you don't like me, you know? No, but even if you don't like me, you can sit there and say, "I can't stand that guy, but there's no way I'm going to vote for her."

Donald Trump: No, you have to have fracking. You know you're the biggest in the country for this. You have two of the biggest sites in the world. It's a massive business for Pennsylvania, and you can't take a chance. She will not allow fracking, she's not going to -- and she's got a lot of other problems, too. But for your particular -- for the Commonwealth, you have no choice but to allow it.

Sean Hannity: Mr. President, if I may, 16 minutes and 30s are up. Thank you for being with us.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Sean Hannity: The President has spoken for a total of 16 minutes and 30s. We --

Donald Trump: I'll say something also.

Sean Hannity: Real quick because we've got to break. Yeah, if you watch that interview, she had notes. That means she knew the questions and she had notes, she kept looking down up. Nobody wants to cover it. I know all about notes. I mean, you know, it's all right, if people know that. But she was supposed to have notes, so she's asked a question.

Sean Hannity: She looks down, she keeps -- she had notes. That means she knew what was happening. Well, I have a question about it. Did her campaign, when they said that they wanted to change the rules that they had agreed to, did they ask for notes? Did they ask for the --

Donald Trump: They wanted notes.

Sean Hannity: They wanted to be seated and they wanted your mic hot.

Donald Trump: And they wanted a desk, they didn't want to do it. I said, "You got to do a standup."

Sean Hannity: After they already agreed to the other.

Donald Trump: Yeah, but they wanted a desk from the beginning. You know who else wanted a desk? Sleepy Joe, he wanted a desk.

Sean Hannity: All right, we got to take a break. More with President Trump. We are in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. We'll continue our town hall. We'll get audience questions and much more. Thank you for being with us. [Begin videotape]

Kamala Harris: We must have the courage to object when they use that term, radical, Islamic terrorism, which ignores how Muslims have overwhelmingly been the greatest victims of terror. And we must also have the courage to reject that term, illegal alien. I have seen some of the worst of criminal behavior. I have seen the worst of crime, an undocumented immigrant is not a criminal. [End videotape]

Sean Hannity: All right. We continue in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. We're broadcasting in front of a massive crowd. By the way, I want to give -- we have in our audience, he is the Republican challenger to a very -- 98.6% Joe Biden, Kamala Harris voting supporter. Dave McCormick is running against Senator Casey in what is a very important race. Dave, great to have you.

David McCormick: Thank you.

Sean Hannity: Now, you just heard Kamala Harris, our country's failed borders are talking about her commitment. You need the courage to never say the word radical, Islamic terrorism, or illegal alien. President Trump is back with us. What is your reaction to that because who attacked us on 9/11 and who's crossing our border

Donald Trump: So, she wants to be politically correct, and we can't be politically correct anymore. Look, look, we have October 7th. People saw it. We have things going on in the world right now with Israel and with the Middle East is blowing up, it's blowing up. We have Ukraine and Russia that would never happen.

Donald Trump: That would have never happened, October 7th would have never happened. If I were the president, it would have never happened, and everybody knew it. Iran was broke, they didn't have the money for Hamas and for Hezbollah. They didn't have the money for anybody. They wanted to get by, and we would have made a fair deal with them.

Donald Trump: I was only looking to make a fair deal with them. But you know, I wanted to say it so much during my term, we went four years without any blow-ups. We had no World Trade Center blow-up, we had no radical, Islamic terrorists. We had no radical, Islamic terrorists because we were very tough at the borders, and we were very tough with our statements.

Donald Trump: And we had no -- the whole world was a safe place. That was the question they asked Viktor Orban, who's really considered a very strong -- they said he's a strong man. Sometimes you need a strong man. He's a strong man. He's the prime minister of Hungary. And he said, "You bring back Trump." Now I'm not saying it, but he said it because I'd rather say respect, but he said, "Everybody was afraid of Trump. You bring him back, you're not going to have any problems. It's all going to go away."

Donald Trump: The world is blowing up. The world is blowing up well.

Sean Hannity: This brings --

Donald Trump: And Sean, one thing, the world is blowing up. And when you look at Ukraine and you look at Russia, you look at all the things that are happening, we are potentially getting ready. I'm telling you, and I've made a lot of predictions, and this is not a prediction because it's so bad. I don't want it to be a prediction.

Donald Trump: We're heading into World War 3 territory. And because of the power of weapons, nuclear weapons in particular, but other weapons also, and I know the weapons better than anybody because I'm the one that bought them, and you know we rebuilt our entire military. We upgraded our entire program. And, you know, the one program I hated to upgrade, hated it, was the nuclear program.

Donald Trump: And I understand it maybe better than anybody. My uncle was at MIT, a professor, the longest-serving professor in the history of MIT, a very smart guy. We have a smart family. It's nice to have a smart family. But I knew -- I understood nuclear for a long time, the power of nuclear weapons. You need a president that's not going to be taking you into war.

Donald Trump: We won't have World War 3 when I'm elected. But with these clowns that you have in there now, you're going to end up having World War 3. And it's going to be a war like no other.

Sean Hannity: Let me ask you a more personal question because you paid a very big price for getting into the political arena, never mind opportunity costs that you would have had. You've had a successful business. Obviously, you've been a victim of lawfare, if you will, or a weaponized Department of Justice, although the Supreme Court ruling on immunity, I think, was very clear.

Sean Hannity: Although certain judges may not abide by it. And I listened to you talk about the borders. I listened to you talk about how dangerous the world situation is. I listened to you talk about the economy and fracking and the need for energy, and I hear you. And then I asked myself, "OK, why is this different? If 2016 was about the forgotten men and forgotten women, what is 2024 about?"

Donald Trump: So, it's not that different, it's still about the forgotten men and the forgotten women. The people are being treated horribly in this country. We're a country that's being laughed at all over the world. And I'll be honest, if Joe Biden would be a great president, I would be happier than being the worst president in the history of our country because I want to see what's good for the country, and I would have been very happy.

Donald Trump: I have very nice places I could be. This is not easy. I got shot at, you know? I mean, I got hit. I got hit.

Sean Hannity: One millimeter.

Donald Trump: I could have been all over the place. I could have -- but you know what? It's very simple and it starts with make America great again. That's what we have to do.

Sean Hannity: It makes me think that if you look at everything [Audience chants " U.S. A."] that we have discussed tonight and you look at your platform --

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you.

Sean Hannity: What really infuriates me, and I'm straightforward. I'm a member of the press, but I'm a talk show host. I'm a conservative and people know where I stand. I think the press -- they're all liberal talk show hosts, but they're dishonest about who they are. And they have an agenda. They've never played Kamala in her own words.

Sean Hannity: So, radical statements or extreme statements, I think, dangerous statements. And I just think that if we're talking about the border, all of these 11 million, it was all preventable. I think on the economy, if you had sound economic policy, you handed it off, 1.4% inflation, we'd be doing better in the economy.

Sean Hannity: We'd be energy dominant by now because we were on a path towards energy dominance. We wouldn't have to -- Ron was in check, you had them on the verge of bankruptcy. Russia, you had a relationship with them and North Korea and the mullahs in Iran.

Donald Trump: But nobody was tougher with Russia than me. I shut down the biggest pipeline in the world that Russia was building. It was called Nord Stream 2.

Sean Hannity: The Nord Stream 2.

Donald Trump: Nobody ever heard of it. And I said no way. I said to Germany, "There's no way we're going to protect you with NATO and spend billions of dollars protecting Europe. And you guys are going to be buying oil from the person and the group that we're protecting you from." And I shut it down, it was 100% shutdown.

Donald Trump: And then this pathetic person comes in, and he immediately approves it. But he shut down the Keystone XL pipeline, our pipeline. [Audience boos] And the head of that union by the way, the Pipefitters union, the pipeline union, the head of that union nominated and was a big deal in the Biden campaign, and he endorsed him.

Donald Trump: And those people, 48,000 people lost their jobs. It was all approved. I got it approved. Obama rejected it, I approved it, it was starting. They spend billions of dollars. It was also -- and they rejected. It would have been fantastic for us, including the 48,000 jobs. And what he did is he let Russia build the pipeline that I had stopped.

Donald Trump: It was totally stopped going to Germany and other countries. Think of it. We protect them from Russia, and yet they pay Russia billions of dollars. Does it make sense? So, I was the toughest in Russia. Putin would even say, "You know, if you're not the toughest guy, you're killing us. I'd hate to see you if you were really tough."

Donald Trump: This was the biggest job they've ever had, and I stopped it. And you know what? Russia would have been fine. China would have been fine. China was fine. China paid us hundreds of billions of dollars in taxes and tariffs under me, under no other president. And I mean, right from the beginning, did they pay $0.10?

Sean Hannity: You know, we're going to get to audience questions. I do have a question as we go to break. And I think there should be a question asked in every presidential election, and I'll ask the people here in Harrisburg. Are you better off than you were four years ago? [Audience responds "No"] OK, when we come back more from our President Trump.

Sean Hannity: We're in Harrisburg, PA as we continue. [Begin videotape]

Kamala Harris: Fighting inflation is one of our administration's top economic priorities.

Unidentified: Was it wrong to consider inflation transitory? I mean, these price spikes seem like they're going to be with us for a while.

Kamala Harris: We have to address the fact that -- we got to deal with the fact that folks are paying for gas, paying for groceries and need solutions to it.

Unidentified: Will you commit to implementing a federal ban on fracking on your first day in office, adding the United States to the list of countries who have banned this devastating practice?

Kamala Harris: There's no question I'm in favor of banning fracking. And it's rough. The cost of groceries has gone up, the cost of gas has gone up. And this is all happening in the context of two years of a pandemic. It's one of the highest priorities actually for the president and for me. That is called Bidenomics.

Kamala Harris: That is called Bidenomics, and we are very proud of Bidenomics. [End videotape]

Sean Hannity: All right. We continue our -- she's very proud of Bidenomics -- in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. That was Kamala Harris touting her pretty radical beliefs on the economy in her own words. According to Kamala, her values have not changed. We don't know where she stands because she's only done an interview for 16 minutes and 29 seconds or spoken.

Sean Hannity: So, on the issue of the economy, how many of you in this room, and you could all close your eyes, so, you're not looking at your neighbor, have struggled economically in the last number of years? Wow, wow. And when I started my adult life, I struggled to pay my rent. You know my jobs, I've listed them 100 times, working in the service industry and bartending and cooking and washing dishes and construction. [Audience calls out "McDonald's"]

Sean Hannity: Not McDonald's. That was a lie. And I say --

Donald Trump: By the way, she didn't work at McDonald's, right?

Sean Hannity: She did not. Well, there's no evidence of it so far.

Donald Trump: Did she work at McDonald's? Because --

Sean Hannity: So far, no evidence.

Donald Trump: I don't think so based on what I --

Sean Hannity: Here's my question. She wants to raise corporate taxes, she wants to raise small business taxes, capital gains taxes, estate taxes, the international corporate minimum tax to the point where America won't be competitive anymore, and your tax cuts are about to expire in 2025. What does this mean for the economy? What does it mean for everybody here struggling?

Donald Trump: So, I gave you the biggest tax cuts in the history of our country. If you let them -- if you let the Trump tax cuts expire, which she wants to do, she wants to terminate them. If you do that, you will suffer the biggest tax increase in history. There's never been a tax increase like it on top of which she wants to add a lot of tax.

Donald Trump: This country will end up -- and I've said this a lot, and I mean it. This country will end up in a depression if she becomes president like 1929. This will be a 1929 depression. She has no idea what the hell she's doing.

Sean Hannity: What if unrealized capital gains taxes were implemented? What would that mean?

Donald Trump: Well, she wants to do that. This is where you have something, you don't even know what the value is. I'll tell you what. If that's going to happen, go out and open an appraisal company because you're going to make a fortune. That's about the only group that's going to make it and accountants. It is the craziest idea.

Donald Trump: And remember this, very rich people and big international corporations, they don't have to stay in the United States, and they will be forced to leave for other countries. They can't afford to do a thing like that. They may have great wealth and no cash, and they're going to have to pay cash. Where are they going to get the cash? If they do that, the unrealized capital gain, you know, it's been talked about for a few years by ultra-left Marxists only like her father is a Marxist.

Donald Trump: Her father's a Marxist teacher of economics. Can you believe this? But if that happened, this country -- and I think forgetting about that, that particular -- she's got a lot of things that are just as bad. If she gets in, I think we will have a depression, 1929-style depression. That's what I think will happen to our country. Already, they've set us on a path.

Sean Hannity: What about price gauging as she calls it or gouging?

Donald Trump: Well, she called it gauging.

Sean Hannity: And what if they implement that? And then price controls, that's been tried in --

Donald Trump: Many times.

Sean Hannity: The former Soviet Union, Venezuela, even in this country in the '70s, it was a disaster.

Donald Trump: Yeah. every time it's been tried, no matter -- over hundreds of years -- not just over hundreds of years, price controls, you end up with no product, you end up with massive inflation, and you end up with the destruction of a country.

Sean Hannity: How does this impact -- how do high-interest rates impact -- How does inflation impact everybody that's here tonight? Well, they can't buy a home, they can't do anything. Your business has stopped up. You can't borrow money. By the way, I had interest rates at 2%. Now, they're 10%. But you can't get the money, you can't get the money.

Sean Hannity: There's no money available. So, 10% is right -- you know, if you can't get the money, 10% is not the right number. It's got to be much more than that. You can't borrow money to buy a house now. It really is unbelievable. So, we have all of this. Now let me talk about in six days, you will have probably your only opportunity to debate Kamala Harris.

Donald Trump: Yeah

Sean Hannity: If I -- I vote instead of George Stephanopoulos network that I get to moderate the debate. I'm just saying, take care of [Inaudible] But you know, ABC is not --

Donald Trump: I have to say though -- Sean, ABC is the worst network in terms of fairness. They had a poll where I was 17 points down a couple of days prior to the election. I was 17 points down in Wisconsin, and they do that so, people don't vote because, you know, "Hey, I love Trump, but he's 17 points out. I'm not going to go out and vote."

Donald Trump: I was 17 points down and I won, and I called the best pollster. I said, "Why wouldn't they say five or four or three?" Because at three you go and vote. At 17, your people say, "I want to vote, but you know I'm busy. I have other things to do. Let's go see a movie, and we'll watch the results later." They are the most dishonest network, the meanest, the nastiest, but that was what I was presented with.

Donald Trump: I was presented with ABC, George Slapadopoulos. You know who he is. And he's a nasty guy, and yet he's a nasty guy. I've had him up to here. But let me tell you, he's a very, very bad kind of a guy. But I watched his interview of Joe Biden, it was like the softest interview I've ever seen. It was softer than the CNN interview of Kamala.

Donald Trump: But they're very nasty. And I think a lot of people are going to be watching to see how nasty they are, how unfair they are. I agreed to do it because they wouldn't do any other network. The other thing is her best friend is the head of the network. Her husband's, best friend is married to the head of the network, and they're going to get the questions [Audience boos] I've already heard, they're going to get the questions in advance.

Donald Trump: They even have Donna Brazile. Remember Donna Brazile? She gave [Audience boos] Donna Brazile. She's another real -- she's a real beauty, Donna Brazile. She gave Hillary Clinton the questions. Do you remember that? [Audience responds "Yeah"] And she works for ABC, and she's at the roundtable talking about the debate.

Donald Trump: So, we're going to watch very closely, but you're not allowed to do it. We even have a clause in the contract. You can't give them the questions, but I probably -- I'm not sure it's going to help her that much though. I think I'm -- you might give her the questions and give her the answers to the questions. I'm not sure it's going to help her.

Sean Hannity: I don't know. All right. So, unlike Kamala Harris, our time is actually up. However, we're going to let Dave McCormick ask the first question. And we're going to air that, not tonight, but tomorrow night.

Donald Trump: He always does this, you know?

Sean Hannity: I do.

Donald Trump: Our time is up, but you know what? Let's make two shows out of it.

Sean Hannity: All right. More from President Trump as we continue. We are in the all-important state of Pennsylvania in Harrisburg. Thank you for being with us. All right, unfortunately, that's all the time we have left this evening. Thank you, President Trump.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Sean Hannity: Thank you for being with us very much.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Sean Hannity: Thank you, Harrisburg. We love you. Thank you for staying to take questions from the audience. You know, I always plan out -- I do all this research to ask you questions and you just go. But we came here also to hear from the people of Harrisburg. Before we get to the people, I want to again introduce -- we introduced them last night on the show.

Sean Hannity: Dave McCormick is the Republican Senate candidate from Pennsylvania. Senator, great to have you. I'll give you a chance to say a couple of words.

David McCormick: Yes, thank you. Thank you, Sean, and thank you, Mr. President, for being here in the Keystone State. And the Keystone State is going to decide the future of the country, put you back in the White House, and the majority in the Senate. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you, David.

David McCormick: And, you know, Mr. President, it's a scary time in the world. Our adversaries around the world, Iran, China, Russia, North Korea, are testing us. They're challenging us. We've lost deterrence. They think America is weak. They think America is on retreat. And my question to you is on day one, when you're back in the White House, how do we restore deterrence?

David McCormick: How do we bring strength and capability back to our military? And how do we make sure that everybody in the world knows that America is back?

Donald Trump: So, thank you, David, and good luck with the race. It's really important that you win. I hope you're going to vote. He's a great gentleman and he's a great warrior. The first thing we have to do, we have to strengthen our country from within, and we have a lot of bad people from within, but we have to straighten it.

Donald Trump: We have to, number one, have a border like we had it four years ago, which was strong, where the wrong people didn't get in. We have to have that. The other thing, we want to become again energy independent. We were energy-independent four years ago. And what we really want is energy dominance. And then, as you know, we -- I rebuilt the entire military, and we had it like nobody has ever had it before.

Donald Trump: And then this guy gave away $85 billion worth of equipment to Afghanistan [Audience boos] in the most embarrassing moment in the history of our country. But we have a lot more than that. We rebuilt the military. We want to be strong, but we want to do it in peace through strength. That's what we want, peace through strength.

Donald Trump: We shouldn't have to use our military, but we're going to have the greatest military in the world. Thank you, David.

Sean Hannity: All right. Ma'am, hi. What's your name?

Deborah Williams: My name is Deborah Williams.

Sean Hannity: Hi, Deborah. How are you?

Deborah Williams: I'm good now.

Donald Trump: Hi, Deborah.

Sean Hannity: Oh, because of me or because of the President? I'm just guessing. No, I'm kidding.

Deborah Williams: I plead the fifth.

Sean Hannity: Good answer.

Deborah Williams: Mr. President, I want to thank you for coming and sharing your time with us today.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Deborah. Thank you.

Deborah Williams: What could you share that you've learned during the first time being in the Oval Office for those who are hesitant to vote for you now?

Donald Trump: So, we need a strong president. And you know, I actually think we had a very stable administration, but we were hit with this weaponization. We were hit -- weaponized, they've never done this before. The weaponization, all of the different Russia, Russia, Russia, hoax, all of the different hoaxes, and we won every single one of them.

Donald Trump: The most important thing -- and I found it, and you could say this is true in business also, we have to get the right people. When I first went there, 2016, we were -- I had a lot of good people. I had a lot of good advice, but I put people in that in some cases were not what I really wanted because I didn't know much about Washington.

Donald Trump: I was there 17 times in my whole life, and I wasn't in DC very much, but I got to know them and I got to know them the hard way. And I know the good ones, the bad ones, the weak ones, the smart ones, the dumb ones, I know them all now. And the key -- and we had great ones. I mean, economic development, we did so well.

Donald Trump: The military, we did fantastically well. We knocked out 100% of the ISIS caliphate. We have some great people in the military, not the ones that you see on television, but great people. But a big key to running it is to get the right people. You put the right person and the right group of people at the heads of these massive agencies.

Donald Trump: You're going to have tremendous success. And I know now the people, and I know them better than anybody would know them. So, thank you very much.

Sean Hannity: Thank you, Deborah. Ma'am, hi. Ma'am, what's your name?

Sue Helm: Sue Helm.

Donald Trump: Hi, Sue.

Sue Helm: I'd like to welcome you to Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Sue Helm: We love you both, so wonderful.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Sue Helm: I'm a small business owner. I'm the owner of CENTURY 21 At The Helm real estate. The four years of your presidency, Mr. Trump, were the best economically I have experienced in the 35 years I own this business. And my question is, what are your plans and policies to restore the economy, so small business owners can thrive and make America great once again?

Donald Trump: Good.

Sue Helm: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Good. You know, we had a woman who was very spectacular, Linda McMahon, and she ran the Small Business Administration, did a phenomenal job. And that's a very important group for what we're talking about with small business. But to put it a little simpler, we're going to have low interest rates. We're going to have low taxes.

Donald Trump: We're going to give you tremendous incentive to grow and to build your business. And you know, a lot of people have said that. They said one person who didn't support me, he said, "I must admit I had the most successful four years of my life. But I'm going to vote for" -- and he said. And now, that person came back to me, I don't want that person.

Donald Trump: I don't want that person, you know? They say you should take everybody, but that's not the way I'm built. It's one of those little problems. This person -- no, this was in the Republican primary. He said, "I had the best four years I've ever had under Trump. But I'm going to support this one." I said that's the end of that.

Donald Trump: You know, when they came back -- but we're going to lower interest rates. We're going to have low taxes. We're going to have tremendous incentives for small business. You know, small business is much bigger than big business in this country when you add it all up, and we're going to take care of small business in this country. Thank you very much.

Sean Hannity: Thank you, ma'am. Sir, what's your name?

Travis Finkenbinder: Travis Finkenbinder. I'm from Palmyra, Pennsylvania. I'd like to welcome you both here. And it's an honor to stand before you.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Travis.

Travis Finkenbinder: Mr. President, is it possible to correct the extensive damage the current administration has caused related to our safety and security, from the border crisis to the plethora of weapons left behind in Afghanistan? I fear for my three adolescent sons. At night, what do I tell Kail, Keith, and Cole about their safety and their future of this great nation?

Donald Trump: Well, the first thing you should do is pray.

Travis Finkenbinder: Amen.

Donald Trump: Because what they've done to our country, right, what they've done to our country -- what these -- and I hate to use the word -- what these stupid people, naive people, but bad people, you know, weaponization. Again, they're after me. I got more court cases. On Friday, I have one. On Monday, I have one, and they do that for very bad reasons.

Donald Trump: They don't want you to campaign. They want to keep you off the campaign. They want to try and take as much money as possible instead of putting it in. But let me just tell you, the hardest problem we have -- because a smart president will be able to get along with Russia, China. There are a lot of reasons why.

Donald Trump: But the biggest problem we have is they've allowed 21 million people into our country. And I told you last night, I tell you tonight, it's the single biggest problem. They've poisoned our country. They're coming in from prisons. They're coming in from mental institutions. Terrorists are coming in. The criminals are coming off the streets in Caracas, Venezuela, but all over the world, not just in South America.

Donald Trump: It's the single, hardest problem that we would have never had. If I were president, you wouldn't have that problem. You wouldn't have inflation, you wouldn't have Russia attacking Ukraine. You wouldn't have had October 7th with Israel. You wouldn't have had the Afghanistan disaster, which I think is the single most embarrassing day in the history of our country, where they have billions of dollars of equipment.

Donald Trump: We lost 13 great, great soldiers. And I celebrated and honored their wonderful -- they called them their children, and they are, their children, their wonderful children, they're their kids. I went to Arlington Cemetery with them the other day, and at their request. And Sean knows this better than anybody, and it was very tough for me to get there, I will tell you.

Donald Trump: I don't want to say that, but it was very tough. I was in a different part of the world frankly, and I got there, and we had a beautiful couple of hours together. First, we had a ceremony. And then we had a -- we went down to the gravesites. And they said, "Sir, could we have a picture with my son?" In one case, it was a daughter.

Donald Trump: Could we have a picture with my daughter? We took pictures. We had stayed for a long time, and then I left and that was it. I thought it was beautiful. And those people are phenomenal. What they've done -- Joe Biden and Kamala killed those children because of their incompetence, just like they had a gun that killed them.

Donald Trump: And I went home, and I thought it was a beautiful thing. I told my wife, I told our great First Lady, who people love, they love her. I said, "It was so sad and yet so beautiful and joyful in a sense." I mean, the people, they had something that was very special. And I went there, and you know, I had them up to Bedminster.

Donald Trump: I got to know many of them, most of them. But I get home, and I get a call from one of my people. "Sir, they're saying that you use this for public relations purposes." And you know what happened? It was so beautiful. Every one of those people made a video to say that Donald Trump came there. I got enough publicity, I don't need publicity.

Donald Trump: I'd like to get half the publicity. I'd be very happy. But they said that -- and you saw the videos, the videos became very, very well-known and famous, actually, some beautiful statements that I went there. I got nothing out of that except to take care of people that were not taken care of by our government.

Donald Trump: And Joe Biden and Kamala should call those people and apologize because that was the most incompetent withdrawal in the history of our country. There has never been anything. So, think of it. We took the military out first. You're supposed to take the military out last. Once the military was gone, they had three shots at us, but we took the military out first, and then it began.

Donald Trump: We lost 13 soldiers, many were horribly wounded, meaning, no legs, no arms. The face was obliterated. We don't even talk about those people, and we have to. We left Americans behind, and you covered that better than anybody. We left many Americans behind, and we left billions and billions of dollars of brand-new military equipment behind, that now, they are one of the largest sellers of military equipment in the world, Afghanistan.

Donald Trump: They're selling the equipment that we just walked away from. It was so incompetent. But to be with those people was a real honor, I have to tell you. And for them to go out of their way -- and every one of them made a video. They said, "Sir, could you take a picture next to the grave of my son?" I said, "Of course."

Donald Trump: Could you imagine if I said, "No, I don't want to do it. I don't want to do it?" But every one of those people appreciated it, and every one of them made a tape and they sent it out, and it became very viral as they say nowadays. And it was a great honor for me to be there. Thank you.

Sean Hannity: And I should add, Kamala Harris and Joe Biden were both invited. And this was not -- you knew these families. You had met with them at Bedminster. You were familiar with them.

Donald Trump: Yes, I knew them.

Sean Hannity: And they invited you, you went, and they said, "Would you take a picture?" And then you did. And then you were attacked by -- and then the families were furious at Kamala about it. I think this is going to be the last question. What's your name, sir?

Unidentified: Hi. Alastair Hackett from Spring Lake, New Jersey.

Sean Hannity: Hey, Alex.

Unidentified: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Unidentified: I'm a recent college graduate and am concerned with the growing influence of wokeness in many of our top institutions. We saw General Milley take this to new heights under his leadership in the military. What is your plan to combat radical ideology in the military and in our corporations?

Donald Trump: Well, first of all, Milley, that day in Congress where Milley proclaimed his wokeness was an embarrassment to our country. And remember this, we don't have a woke military. We have some guys at the top that talk it, but you couldn't convince them to be woke if you were screaming at them for five weeks.

Donald Trump: We took out 100% of the ISIS caliphate in four weeks. It was supposed to take five years. And these are -- and I got to meet the real generals, and they are unbelievable. Our military is unbelievable. Remember it, unbelievable, there's no wokeness. There's no wokeness. And all we're going to do is you go out, you get your degree, you work hard, you're going to see a different country.

Donald Trump: We have to get elected. If we don't get elected, I don't know what's going to happen to our country. I just don't know. They're so bad. And normally, I wouldn't say that. I'd say, "Well, you know, they're working. They're a Democrat." These aren't Democrats. These are people long beyond Democrats. When I used to say to Sean on his show, I'd say our country, Sean, will never be a socialist country, and it won't.

Donald Trump: It will be a communist country. They skipped socialism. They totally -- we cannot let this happen to our country because if it does happen, we'll never be able to come back. We'll never be able to make a comeback from it. So, we're going to have a big election. This is a very -- Pennsylvania, a very important, the Commonwealth, you never want to call it a state.

Donald Trump: The Commonwealth. If you ever call it a state, I've seen guys -- I've seen their political career ruined by saying the state of Pennsylvania. No, you never want to call it a state. Now, I'll tell you how dishonest they are. They'll take that one little statement where I said the state of Pennsylvania and they'll play it, the state of Pennsylvania, they'll cut it. In every --

Sean Hannity: Well, there's one other thing.

Donald Trump: Let me just -- because they're fake, the -- and one thing we should say, not him and not Fox, and we have a couple of others out there that are good. But the biggest -- a great enemy to this country is the fake news media. It's a big, big enemy. And they have to change their ways. They have to change their ways.

Sean Hannity: All right. Before we let the President go, because this is airing part two on Thursday night, I want to ask you one -- the final question. In five nights, you will be on the stage, not with me, but with Kamala Harris. Now, if I'm going to make a prediction, I think she's going to try and annoy, agitate, irritate, frustrate, and piss you off to use a phrase.

Sean Hannity: And are you aware of how she debates, and probably every name in the book, she can call you without giving away your tactics?

Donald Trump: Yeah. You don't want to do that. But you know, when I had Biden, you and I had the same discussion, and I let him talk. I'm going to let her talk because, you know -- and you've all seen it. There are those that say that Biden is smarter than she is, OK? And if that's the case, we have a problem. But you know, debating is an interesting thing.

Donald Trump: I've been in many debates. I think I probably have won because of debating maybe. You know, we had a lot of debates with the Republicans, then we had Crooked Hillary. We had a lot of different people we had a debate. And we had some great debates. You do remember the Rosie O'Donnell debate. Remember Rosie? Rosie O'Donnell.

Donald Trump: That's a real -- she's a real great one. Isn't she a great one? Anyway, but a debate is interesting. You could go in with all the strategy you want, but you have to sort of feel it out as the debate is taking place. I've seen it. You go in there and you have a strategy. Mike Tyson made a statement. Everybody has a plan until they get punched in the face.

Donald Trump: It's true. It was a brilliant statement. It's a brilliant statement. So, I could tell, Sean, exactly what I'm going to do. But, you know, things change. It depends a lot on ABC. Will they be fair or not? If they're not going to be fair, [Audience boos] I'm going to be a little bit different than if they are.

Donald Trump: I hope they're going to be fair. We're putting a lot of reliance on a network which is known for being extremely hostile to the people in this room and to, I think 75%, 80% of the country, if you want to really know the truth. But Sean, all I can say is this. You know, I've seen Mitt Romney go and lock himself into a log cabin for four or five weeks, and then he came out and he was horrible in the debate.

Donald Trump: He couldn't talk. He gained great knowledge, he couldn't talk. And Candy Crowley came out and she made a terrible statement that turned out to be wrong, but it destroyed the guy. But look, you have to -- the way I look at debating, I think I've been really practicing all my life for this stuff. I mean, ultimately, that's what it's sort of about.

Donald Trump: So, it'll be an interesting evening. And the Biden debate was a very interesting evening. I was sort of surprised by it a little bit by, you know, what he did and the way he reacted. And you don't know how somebody is going to react, even a professional, you don't know how they're going to react. And you have to sort of go with it as you get up there, Sean.

Donald Trump: I'd love to give you an answer. This is what I'm going to do, Sean. But when you get up there, you sort of say because I've done a lot of it. I went from never having debated to having done a lot of debates.

Sean Hannity: But do you know she's going to try and annoy you? But that's not going to happen.

Donald Trump: Well, I think we have a bigger problem. I think that ABC will try and annoy me.

Sean Hannity: I bet that, too.

Donald Trump: OK.

Sean Hannity: President Donald Trump. Thank you, Harrisburg.