Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-maria-bartiromo-fox-business-august-2-2024

Maria Bartiromo: Welcome back. Well, we are in countdown mode. We are 94 days away from the presidential election. Former President Trump assesses the state of the race and now his new opponent, Kamala Harris.

Donald Trump: We're leading the election by a lot. We were -- we knocked out Joe Biden, he didn't do too well in the debate, but that sort of ended it. And then, he went through a series of problems. And, you know, they actually did it so interesting -- it was actually a coup of a president, if you think of it. He's got 14 million votes.

Donald Trump: He campaigned for a year, and he ended up winning, and they threw him out. They said, "Either you get out now or we're going to get you out the hard way." They said, "There's an easy way, and there's a hard way Joe, and you'll get out." And he got out, and they put this woman in who's a failed candidate.

Donald Trump: You know, she failed. I mean she was the first one out the last time. She never made it to Iowa. And now, the media has taken over, and they're trying to make her into Margaret Thatcher. But I don't think that's going to work.

Maria Bartiromo: Well, the pollster, Robert Cahaly, told me yesterday that while she doesn't change anything in terms of policy, it's the same policy, she has changed the enthusiasm factor. Democrats will come out for her. So, how does Kamala Harris change the race for you?

Donald Trump: Well, I think that there is more enthusiasm for -- how can you be enthusiasm -- you know, how can you be enthusiastic about Joe Biden? OK? I mean, how do you mean -- but I think she's actually worse. I think she's a horrible candidate because she wants open borders. She was a border czar. She tries to, you know, deny that now, which is not working. And --

Maria Bartiromo: She also says she's not against fracking, and she says she doesn't necessarily want to do Medicare for all anymore.

Donald Trump: She wants everything bad, everything bad. If you look -- she wants --

Maria Bartiromo: Well, she says --

Donald Trump: She wants the all-electric car, she wants everything bad. She wants men playing in women's sports. But think of the no fracking. She's going to destroy Pennsylvania. She'll destroy Pennsylvania and many other places, by the way. Your energy bills will double, triple, and quadruple. Oh, she's terrible.

Donald Trump: She's not respected on the -- in the foreign -- in foreign countries. I mean, she's laughed at. Everybody can't believe that this is happening. Look, she was sent to --

Maria Bartiromo: But she's polling better than Joe Biden.

Donald Trump: She was sent to see Putin about not going into Ukraine. He would have never gone in with me. He went in three days later. That's it. This is what's happening. So, well, it's a little bit like a fighter, though. You know, you have a fighter, and he's winning, winning, winning. And then, somebody else is getting punished and beaten.

Donald Trump: And they say, "Let's take that fighter out, let's put a new one." That's what they've done here. This was a coup to Joe Biden. And I'm not a fan of Biden. He's not a smart guy. He never was. You can go back 30 years, he was never a smart guy. But she's not smart either. She's not a smart person.

Maria Bartiromo: Are you going to debate her?

Donald Trump: Well, I want to -- I will -- leading in the polls, it seems, by quite a bit still. She's better than he is. But I think, ultimately, she'll be worse than him. She's more radical than him. He was a phony, and she is also -- but she's not a phony in terms of policy. She actually wants open borders. She actually wants to defund the police.

Donald Trump: To me, when you say open borders, defund the police, you don't have to go into the rest of it. But you're going to have tremendously high energy prices. She doesn't want any fossil fuels, which will destroy the country, frankly.

Maria Bartiromo: But just to be clear, she's doing a rewrite of history right now. She says that, "No, I don't --"

Donald Trump: Of her history.

Maria Bartiromo: Yeah, of her history, she says, "I don't necessarily mean I will ban fracking now." And she said, "Well, you know, I don't necessarily need to do Medicare for all, and I was never the border czar." You know that.

Donald Trump: Yeah, yeah, she's doing a rewrite. It's not a rewrite. It's lies. And she also said, and so did he, that we had a very secure border under them. We had the worst border in the history. Twenty million people came in, 20 million people. And you know what they do, they just say it. And they keep saying and saying it.

Donald Trump: The press helps them as much as possible. But they say, very strongly, "We had a great border." And people say -- you know, it's funny. You say it enough times, and people start to believe it, too. That's the scary part. They are -- it's like a whole con job. It's misinformation, disinformation at the highest level.

Donald Trump: So, now, their new thing is "We had a safe border. We had a wonderful border." And they hope people forget. Now a lot of people are, but enough people are. And it's -- it's amazing that they can say it. We had the worst border in history. Joe Biden was the worst president in history. She was the worst vice president.

Donald Trump: She was the most unpopular and least respected vice president in the history of our country. And now, what's happened is the press is trying to make her popular. I don't think they'll be able to do it.

Maria Bartiromo: Do you regret doing the debate when you did the debate? It gave the Democrats an opportunity to swap him out and put her in such an early debate.

Donald Trump: Well, they wanted a debate. If I didn't do the debate, they'd say, "Oh, Trump's, you know, not doing the debate." That's the same thing they'll say now. I mean, right now, I say why should I do a debate? I'm leading in the polls. And everybody knows her. Everybody knows me. She wants open borders, she wants a weak military, she wants high taxes.

Donald Trump: You know, they want to quadruple your taxes, more than that. With me, I want low taxes. I want a strong border. I want strong drug policy. Our country is becoming a drug-addicted country. We're like China from 200 -- because everybody was drugged out with the opium. And then, one day, they said death penalty to anybody that deals.

Donald Trump: And lots of different things happened. But look, we have a country that's really become drug-addicted. We have a drug-addicted country, you know that, and we better do something about it. We better do it fast. It comes through the Southern border, it comes out of China. And I had a deal with President Xi.

Donald Trump: They were going to give the death penalty to anybody sending drugs to America. We were going to -- they were going to get -- the fentanyl comes out of China. For some reason, it's made in China. It goes to the Southern border. It comes into our country, right now, at nine times more than it was four years ago.

Donald Trump: We had the strongest border that we've ever had in recorded history, and they have the worst border that we've ever had. Think of it. In three and a half years, we have -- probably the number is 20 million people came into our border. Many from prisons and jails, many from mental institutions, OK? Insane asylums --

Maria Bartiromo: They said that a long time ago, and you were mocked. In fact, now we know --

Donald Trump: I know, I know. Now, I'm very -- you know why? Because it's common sense. It's all about common sense. If I ran one of those countries, I would -- Honduras -- but it's not just South America, OK? It's all over the world. It's the Congo. In Africa, they send -- they're sending all their prisoners -- the Congo are sending their prisoners to the United States.

Donald Trump: They're bringing them into the United States. They're driving them across. They're dumping them into our country. But it's Africa, it's Asia, it's the Middle East. It's not just South America, but South America is a lot. But you know what's happening, all of these jails all over the world are being emptied out, and they're bringing their prisoners and dumping them in the United States.

Maria Bartiromo: On the debate, she's taunting you now. She's saying, "He doesn't want to debate me, say it to my face, President Trump."

Donald Trump: Oh, I know. You know --

Maria Bartiromo: That's what she said the other night.

Donald Trump: Look, she's a third-rate candidate. She failed in her attempt to -- against many other candidates. You know she was the first one to drop out. She never made Iowa. And that was when you had a normal press. Now, you have a press that's trying to protect her. The media is really dishonest, and you have a press that's trying -- so maybe she'll do better.

Donald Trump: I don't know. But I think, ultimately, when they hear she wants to defund the police, when they hear that she wants open borders and always wanted them -- but it is amazing. I watched the news yesterday, and it's almost like she wants to have strong borders all of a sudden. She was the worst border czar in history.

Donald Trump: And you know, with politics, it's your first thought that you always go back to. She wanted open borders and that's where she'll be. She wants all of these things that are bad for our country. And she does want to defund the police. She's weak on police. You know, I have almost 100 percent of the police forces.

Donald Trump: The police people, the associations are endorsing Trump, the sheriffs all over the country. Nobody's endorsing her. She ruined San Francisco. She's a San Francisco liberal. She ruined San Francisco. She ruined the state of California. She was earlier than some of these people that are so bad right now.

Maria Bartiromo: Well, Vice President Kamala Harris is now deciding on her running mate. So, it looks like the finalists are Josh Shapiro, governor of Pennsylvania. Does he help her get more votes in Pennsylvania?

Donald Trump: I don't know.

Maria Bartiromo: What about Mark Kelly? Does he help her with the border in Arizona?

Donald Trump: I don't know. Can I tell you, I don't care. Let them do whatever. They still want to have open borders. If she picks Shapiro, she's going to lose the Palestinian vote, and that's fine. Everybody has their liabilities. I think if she picked Shapiro, who happens to be Jewish, she loses her little Palestinian base because she has -- because they like me because they think I'm going to bring peace to the Middle East, even though I'm very strong for Israel.

Donald Trump: Israel loves me. But you know, a lot of the Arab states liked me, too, because you know what they want to see? They want to see peace. And I did the Abraham Accords. Nobody realizes, we would have had peace all over the Middle East. I think I would have gotten Iran into the Abraham Accords, you want to know the truth.

Donald Trump: They were dying to make a deal. Iran was broke. And then, now, they're a very wealthy country. They have $300 billion in cash, but Iran was broke. They would have made a deal, but Biden blew it as usual. They are the worst. Look, he's the worst president in the history of our country, and she's a big part of it.

Maria Bartiromo: I want to talk to you about tax policy. I know you want to extend the tax cuts, the tax and jobs --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Maria Bartiromo: Law that you assigned. In a post on Truth Social, you said that seniors should not pay tax on Social Security.

Donald Trump: No.

Maria Bartiromo: And, of course, this made big news. But the Committee for a Responsible Budget says that that will mean increasing deficits by $1.6 trillion to $1.8 trillion.

Donald Trump: Because we can cut other costs. There's so much waste in our government. The other thing is --

Maria Bartiromo: So, I just want to ask, where do you get the revenue to offset that? Because it's also, apparently, going to advance the insolvency date of Social Security's retirement trust fund by over a year.

Donald Trump: Well, you know, one of the things good about that is that's when people will make a deal, you know that. But we're going to take care of Social Security. We're not going to do anything to hurt our seniors. There is so much cutting, there is so much waste in this government, there's so much fat in this government.

Donald Trump: I also have no tax on tips. That's a big deal. It's not --

Maria Bartiromo: Are you going to make that an official line item in your economic plans?

Donald Trump: Yes.

Maria Bartiromo: No tax on tips?

Donald Trump: No tax on tips, very simple. No tax on tips.

Maria Bartiromo: OK. What about the debt? I mean, you know, with -- with no --

Donald Trump: We will pay off debt --

Maria Bartiromo: No taxes on Social Security.

Donald Trump: We're going to cut --

Maria Bartiromo: No taxes on tips.

Donald Trump: Right.

Maria Bartiromo: I mean when does $35 trillion in debt become an emergency?

Donald Trump: We are going to -- you know, we were at a point we were doing so well, prior to COVID, just prior to COVID, we were going to start reducing debt, and we're going to start reducing taxes still further. You know, I gave the biggest tax cut ever, bigger than the Reagan tax cuts. But you know what happened? It was very interesting.

Donald Trump: We took in more revenue with a smaller percentage of taxes than we did with a big percentage of taxes. And nobody understood it. I did, some people did, but few people understood it. But when we cut taxes, we took in much more money. The country made more money, and we were getting ready --

Maria Bartiromo: So, it's just, you know, leading to growth so you could --

Donald Trump: We were getting ready to pay off debt. We were going to drill, baby, drill. We were going to take -- we have more oil. You look at these countries, these oil-bearing countries. China is not one of them, by the way. You know, we want to go to all-electric cars, and yet, we don't have what's necessary for electric cars.

Donald Trump: They're all going to be made in China. The United Auto Workers and that Fain, the head of it is a -- he is a stupid person what he's doing. We should have hybrids, we should have gasoline-powered cars, and we should also have electric cars at a smaller number. I mean the electric cars, there's a great place for them, but they don't go far.

Donald Trump: They cost too much. And some people are going to want them. I think they're good. I think Tesla is great. I like the Tesla. But you know what, it's limited because it can't go like a gasoline car. They want electric trucks. They don't work because you'd have to stop six times going to Los Angeles. With diesel, you have no stops.

Maria Bartiromo: Who are you considering as a Treasury secretary?

Donald Trump: Oh, I don't want to say that, but you would know all of them.

Maria Bartiromo: Have you spoken with them about it?

Donald Trump: Yes.

Maria Bartiromo: Let me ask you about tariffs because this is another tool that you use --

Donald Trump: Sure.

Maria Bartiromo: Not just for economic growth but for national security.

Donald Trump: Absolutely.

Maria Bartiromo: And I want to ask you about that. How do you use tariffs as a weapon for national security And what other countries aside from China are you considering tariffs --

Donald Trump: So, one of the things I want to do is have a reciprocal tax. OK? If they charge us 100 percent on a car, we charge them 100 percent. Hard to believe that we haven't done this. And I was all set to do it until COVID came. And then, I had to do the COVID thing, and, you know, it took everybody's eye off the ball, including other countries because every country throughout the world was dying.

Donald Trump: This was -- this would have been -- we saved -- let me tell you this country saved millions and millions of lives worldwide. And I have friends that come to me and they say you never talk about that, and I don't talk about it. But we saved -- I have one friend who's very smart, who happens to be a Democrat, but I'm sure he votes for me.

Donald Trump: He said, "You saved maybe 100 million lives. You don't talk about it." I said, "That's right. I don't talk about it. You understand that. I don't talk about it." But I saved a lot of lives, and we did a great job. We never got credit for that. You know, I got credit for the military, we beat ISIS, We did all sorts of things.

Donald Trump: I got credit for the great economy. I got credit for jobs. I got a lot of credit, but I never got credit for the COVID thing. We saved a lot of lives worldwide --

Maria Bartiromo: So, tariffs --

Donald Trump: Not only here, worldwide.

Maria Bartiromo: Tariffs as a national security tool?

Donald Trump: Absolutely.

Maria Bartiromo: How?

Donald Trump: So, tariffs have two things. Number one, I think they're great. You take in money. If China is charging us 100 percent and we don't charge them anything, you know what happens. They say, "We don't want your cars from America. We want you to build your factory in China," or other countries. And it's not just China.

Donald Trump: I would be willing to bet that I would have a very good -- I had a great relationship with President Xi. And in all fairness, when Covid came in and it came from Wuhan, and I said it right from the first time you interviewed me, it came from the Wuhan labs. You know, they were saying it came from France, Italy --

Maria Bartiromo: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Germany, came from all over the place. They said it came from us.

Maria Bartiromo: No -- no, we knew. Yeah, Wuhan, you're right.

Donald Trump: We always said Wuhan. It came from caves, bat caves 2,000 miles away. But when that came, it was -- you know, it was just a ship too far because --

Maria Bartiromo: Are you considering putting tariffs on other countries in addition to China?

Donald Trump: Yeah, sure. Any country that mistreats us demonstrates us, just so you understand, every country, including our allies. Our allies are the worst. Look, you take a look at the European Union. You know, we're down to them $200 billion in deficits. They're almost as bad as China. They treat us very badly.

Donald Trump: They don't take our cars. They don't take our farming products, very little of them. They want to do it themselves. You know, so we have a $200 billion deficit. Our friends treat us just as badly almost as our enemies.

Maria Bartiromo: What about crypto? You spoke at that crypto conference --

Donald Trump: Yup.

Maria Bartiromo: Last weekend, and you said that you'd like crypto to have a more prominent space in America. How will that work?

Donald Trump: Well, you have to understand about crypto. Crypto is a very interesting thing, very high level in certain ways, intellectually very high level. But if we don't do what China's going to do it, China is going to do it anyway. But if we don't do what China's doing, and China's already doing it, and if we don't do it, other countries are going to do it.

Donald Trump: So, we might as well be at the forefront. And we -- there are people in crypto that are very, very smart people who do love our country, and they think it's -- they think it's good. Who knows? Maybe we'll pay off our $35 trillion, hand them little crypto check, right? We'll hand them a little bitcoin and wipe out our $35 trillion.

Maria Bartiromo: But how do you want it to be more prominent in America? How will that work?

Donald Trump: Oh, it's going to work easily. It's already prominent. It's moving along. It's very loosely regulated. That's one of the reasons it's moving along. But it is a different form of currency, and it's going to end up benefiting the country. But if we shut it down like, you know, Biden is trying to shut it down.

Donald Trump: Biden doesn't have the intellect to shut it down. Can you imagine this guy's telling you to shut something down like that? He has no idea what the hell it is. But if we don't embrace it, it's going to be embraced by other people. You know It's a massive thing already. Did you read where It's bigger than any company in the world already? I mean, if you look at the market, it's bigger than many countries.

Donald Trump: It's -- it's a very big thing. If we're not going to be the leader -- we have the people that are the leaders. I know some of them, they're very smart. And if we don't embrace it, other countries are going to embrace it. Other countries will anyway, but we can be the leader, and we might as well be the leader.

Maria Bartiromo: Please explain to us how your economic policies that will impact the lives of American citizens differs from Kamala Harris' economic policies.

Donald Trump: I don't have enough time. You know, you'd have to give me like the entire day. We're going to, number one, base it very strongly on energy. We have more energy. We have more liquid gold, as I call it, under our feet than Saudi Arabia, than Russia, than anybody. We're going to be energy-dominant. We're going to make a fortune.

Donald Trump: We're going to supply it all over Europe all over the world. We're going to be double and triple what they're doing. We're going to have tremendous energy, and we're going to lower our prices of energy. You know, people in New England, they pay some of the highest prices in the world because we don't have a pipeline, because New York won't let a pipeline go through, a very poor section of New York where they need the jobs.

Donald Trump: Number one. Number two, we're going to do a tariff system. We're going to bring back our auto jobs. We're going to say to people, "We don't want your cars. We're going to tariff those products, and we're going to have reciprocal tariffs." We're going to take in a fortune, but we're going to tariff those jobs.

Donald Trump: We want them to build auto plants in the United States. So, right now some of the biggest plants in the world for automobiles are being built you know where? In Mexico, right on the border. And they're going to make cars and sell them into the United States. And those people in Michigan that love me and that I love and that they're going to give us a victory because their auto industry won't exist in two years if she gets elected China is going to make and other countries are going to make all the cars.

Donald Trump: They're building some of the biggest auto plants, a friend of mine does, built a business. I said, "I want to see a great auto plant." He says, "You'll have to come to Mexico." "Why?" "Because we're not building the big ones in the United States."

Maria Bartiromo: And you will build them here?

Donald Trump: The biggest in the world. And we're going to have all of our people operating. And we're not going to let people come to build them in Mexico and build cars and sell them in the United States --

Maria Bartiromo: Won't it be more --

Donald Trump: And close up Michigan and South Carolina and other places.

Maria Bartiromo: Won't it be more expensive if [inaudible] here?

Donald Trump: No, no, it won't be. It'll be great. It'll be unbelievable. And by the way, when you add it all up, including the taxes and everything else, we're going to create jobs like you've never created before. If you look at auto manufacturing, it's down 64 percent from its high, number of jobs and everything else.

Donald Trump: But we used to be the world manufacturer. And every year it gets eaten away, and a big factor is Mexico. Mexico stole 32 percent of our auto manufacturing. We're going to say, You want to do that? We're putting tariffs on your cars coming in. You take those -- those brilliant people that own these factories, they got to build in the United States, and they have to hire U.

Donald Trump: S. workers." And whether it's union or nonunion, look the United Auto Workers, I know them very well. They vote for me. They have a stupid person leading them, but they vote for me. They're going to love Donald Trump more than ever before. We're going to create in that area, the most traditional area. We're going to have more auto jobs than we've ever had. We're bringing back the automobile industry. And we're going to do that with tariffs. We're going to do that by saying, "

Donald Trump: We're not going to accept." You know, I put the tariffs on Chinese cars, you know that. Now, Biden, wants to take the tariffs off of Chinese cars. He wants to just tax the electric car. That's not good enough. So, we're going to have more auto production in the United States than we've ever had before, and it's going to happen very fast.

Maria Bartiromo: So, this will be the first 100 days?

Donald Trump: I'll get that done in less than 100 days. I'll get that done in the first two weeks.

Maria Bartiromo: And this compares to Kamala Harris in what way?

Donald Trump: Oh, she's going to -- OK, Kamala Harris will have -- all auto jobs are gone. Michigan is going to go bankrupt, and Michigan is essentially going to go state bankruptcy. It's a special little category. They're going to lose all of their automobile manufacturing jobs. They're going to lose all of their businesses because it's all going to China.

Donald Trump: Now, I can say that for the whole country, if she gets in, it's all going to China and other countries. We're not going to be making anything. With me, we're going to become the manufacturing capital of the world again. You know, we used to be that, and we can be it again. The problem is we have these stupid -- you know, I renegotiated so many deals, South Korea, Japan, I made them into good deals.

Donald Trump: But I was stuck with these horrible things. I used to say -- I used to -- look at the deals that we had with Japan as an example or South Korea as an example. I'd say, "Who would negotiate these deals? They're so bad." But I made deals with South Korea like on the trucks, small trucks. If I didn't have those deals, we wouldn't have any business in Detroit because the thing that they do best on is small trucks because of the deals that I made with South Korea with tariffs, because their tariffed very high, so they can't send them.

Donald Trump: They can't bring them into the United States and kill our truck industry. So, we will, through a system of incentives and tariffs, bring our country back to a level that it's never been before. And we would have had it much earlier, but we got hit with COVID and we had to focus on that. And if I didn't do the good job that I did on COVID, we would right now be in a huge depression.

Maria Bartiromo: I know that a lot of Silicon Valley types got behind you after the assassination attempt on your life --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Maria Bartiromo: And, of course, Elon Musk was supportive before that. And then, just over the last two weeks, we see what happened with Google and Meta. Google search bar would not bring up results of the shooting. Their AI tool would not even give any information about it. Meta's AI tool said that the shooting was fictional.

Maria Bartiromo: Facebook labeled photos of you pumping your fist as altered. You still have a major problem with Big Tech, don't you?

Donald Trump: So, AI is very complex. It's got tremendous potential, but it also has potential to destroy. And they actually had one of the pictures with everything the same, except they have all of the Secret Service agents around me, who are great people, very brave people because they ran into that fire. Those bullets were going right over my head and I heard them going.

Donald Trump: They were moving along. And these people were jumping on top of me. There wasn't one of them that was slow moving or they -- you saw them, they didn't care. They were jumping on top of me as fast as I was down. They were on top of me. They were very brave. And when I got up, you know, you see the faces.

Donald Trump: They were not happy, they were angry, and they were looking around. They actually have one picture where the Secret Service is all smiling. They're laughing as they're protecting me. I have the same -- same -- hand up, everything else. And it's AI. It's a very dangerous thing. You've got to be -- you've got to be very careful with artificial intelligence.

Maria Bartiromo: Well, Meta said that the picture wasn't altered. At first, they said it was altered. And then, they said no, it was a bug. It was a mistake.

Donald Trump: So, Mark Zuckerberg --

Maria Bartiromo: The point is, is these companies would not allow any information out --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Maria Bartiromo: About what happened.

Donald Trump: So, Mark Zuckerberg called me. First of all, he called me a few times. He called me after the event and he said that was really amazing. It was very brave. And, you know, and he actually announced he's not going to support a Democrat because he can't because he respected me for what I did that day. I think what I did maybe was a norm to me.

Donald Trump: It was a normal response. But I was called by Mark Zuckerberg yesterday, the day before on this same subject. And he actually apologized. He said they made a mistake, etc., etc. And they're correcting the mistake. Google, nobody called from Google. One of the things like doing a show like yours your show, you know, you see it on Fox.

Donald Trump: But what you really see it is all over the place. They take clips of your show that you're doing right now with me. And if I do a good job, they're going to vote for me. They're going to vote for me. Because it's not just on Fox, it's on -- Fox is a smaller part of it. You're on all of those little beautiful cell phones.

Donald Trump: You're on -- you're all over the place. You have a product, you have a great product, you have a great brand. So, you have to get out, you have to get out. You have to do things like your show and other shows. And Google has been very bad. They've been very irresponsible. And I have a feeling that Google is going to be close to shut down because I don't think Congress is going to take it.

Donald Trump: I really don't think so. Google has to be careful. Now, I will say this, I believe Mark Zuckerberg, he called me -- he called me a lot. They are working -- and I think they fixed it.

Maria Bartiromo: But what --

Donald Trump: And he's not doing what he did four years ago with the $500 million, I don't believe.

Maria Bartiromo: The Zuckerbucks?

Donald Trump: Yeah, and he's not endorsing a Democrat, which is the first time in his life that he hasn't done.

Maria Bartiromo: Are you going to encourage that their liability protection is removed, should you return?

Donald Trump: Well, it's in Congress now. And when I look at some of the parents who have been absolutely destroyed by it, that's OK with me. I think you have to do something. I do think it's a very slippery slope. I think it's very hard to do. I mean, they're going to have to go through every tweet, or they're going to have to go through every single thing that happens, like in the case of Elon.

Donald Trump: And Elon is doing a good job. Elon endorsed me very strongly and --

Maria Bartiromo: What about TikTok? I --

Donald Trump: He's got a good -- he's got a good insight into this whole mess.

Maria Bartiromo: What do you mean?

Donald Trump: Elon. Elon Musk. I think he's got -- I found him to be very interesting -- his view on the whole situation with should we have restrictions. And I think he wants certain restrictions, but it gets to be -- you know, look, it's a very complicated subject. It's freedom of speech, it's a whole thing. But when you see some of these kids being -- you know, committing suicide over false things that are put out over these these platforms, I will say that Jeff Bezos, who I didn't really know called me, and he said that picture is going to -- is one of the most important pictures in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: And he was very nice even though he owns The Washington Post. OK? You know, we had a long talk. But he said I was -- I was glued to my television for longer than I've ever been glued to my television.

Maria Bartiromo: So, all these people called you after the assassination attempt?

Donald Trump: They all called me, and they said thank you. They actually thanked me. Nobody from Google did. But Jeff Bezos did, Mark Zuckerberg did. Elon does, I mean, Elon is a friend of mine. Elon gave me the strongest endorsement. You know, Elon is not somebody to endorse if he doesn't believe in you, and he gave me the strongest -- and I'm not so great on his electric cars.

Donald Trump: Think of it. It's not like I'm saying, "Oh, let's go all-electric, the electric car."

Maria Bartiromo: What about TikTok? I see that there's a lot of propaganda on TikTok. And I'm seeing a lot of positives about Kamala Harris' China, the CCP all-in for Kamala Harris on TikTok.

Donald Trump: Well, you know, China probably wants her because China understands that I understand China. She doesn't. And it's interesting. If people want to save TikTok, they have to vote for me. If they don't want to save TikTok, you know, let's see what happens. But China doesn't want me to win, obviously, because I was kicking China's ass.

Donald Trump: Nobody ever beats -- I took hundreds of billions of dollars out of China. I took contracts away from China. I took the phone system away from China going to Italy and to other countries. China will do everything they can. And it's one of the things that's really a little bit nerve racking. They are putting the full force.

Donald Trump: They don't want me. They want to continue to rip off America. And with me, they can't rip. Look, she is not a smart person. She's not a smart person. If you look back five weeks ago before this whole thing happened where you know it's a coup of Joe Biden and all of a sudden the media says, well, we're stuck with this and now we're going to make her smart.

Donald Trump: And these are people that are very pro-China. These are people that are pro other countries. These are people that look at a worldview and they think the United States is going to be a dumping ground for the rest of the world. These are people that are not good for our country, but they -- China wants to have her so badly.

Donald Trump: They wanted Joe Biden, too. They wanted anybody, but me. I've taken hundreds of billions of dollars away from China.

Maria Bartiromo: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I've taken businesses away from China. China is not doing well right now because of me. You know, Biden cannot get rid of the taxes, the tariffs that I put on China. Can't. You know why? Because they take in so much money. I'm the one that did that and one thing, before me, there was no other president that took 10 cents out of China.

Maria Bartiromo: Well, they say that they're a developing nation. Meanwhile [inaudible]

Donald Trump: Yeah, they do -- well, they're not -- we're a developing --

Maria Bartiromo: Economy. Why is the Trump campaign on TikTok, a CCP-controlled --

Donald Trump: Yeah, because -- no, I want that. I mean, I said I want to go on TikTok. I'm the one that says we should save TikTok.

Maria Bartiromo: You can't get respect on these big platforms. Do you think it's fair to go back to X, as well as your Truth Social? Of course, you've got Truth Social.

Donald Trump: Truth Social is doing phenomenal. Look, that's my voice. But X, it's -- it's great that he bought it. It's great that Elon bought it. Because I'm for our country more than I'm for anything else. And they were really dishonest with Twitter. I don't know --

Maria Bartiromo: [inaudible]

Donald Trump: I'm not sure. You know, sort of it's a very interesting thing should they have changed the name and all that. But that doesn't matter. Look, it was great that Elon bought it because we have a voice. We had no voice on Twitter. We had no voice at all. You could put -- everything you put out, they put a flag on it.

Donald Trump: No matter what you said, they put a flag on it. No, I think he's trying to do a really good job. I think he's doing an important job. I don't know if it's a good business deal, maybe not. Probably it's not a good business deal. But I think it's important that he bought it.

Maria Bartiromo: Tell us about your policy plans and how they will impact the lives of American citizens.

Donald Trump: So, we're going to have more jobs than we've ever had -- look, we had that. Nobody ever had an economy pre-COVID. And then, after COVID, we did a phenomenal job. We handed it over to stock market. We would have had a depression, I believe, if I wasn't president. A couple of people are saying this very strongly.

Donald Trump: We would have had a depression like in 1929. That was a bad thing. COVID came in, nobody knew what it was. Nobody knew how to handle it. We closed it down to China. Governors then made decisions whether they wanted to keep it -- actually, the Republican governors made the right decisions. The Democrat governors closed everything down.

Donald Trump: It was up to them. It wasn't up to the president as a --

Maria Bartiromo: But you focused on lower taxes and deregulation --

Donald Trump: That's right.

Maria Bartiromo: Tell us how that leads to job creation.

Donald Trump: So, I cut taxes more than any other president in history, more so than Ronald Reagan. We had the biggest tax cut in history. All of a sudden -- and we had business incentive cuts. And they hired people at levels that they've never hired before. As an example, Apple and other companies, they have big money, billions and billions of dollars offshore outside of this country.

Donald Trump: You couldn't bring it back. There was no mechanism to bring it back. And then, the tax was too high. They had to pay like 50 percent tax. Who's going to do that? And I made it so that they could bring the money back. I made it much simpler, and I also reduced the tax. And the billions of dollars came pouring back into our country, and they were spending the money.

Donald Trump: So, here's what we're doing. We're going to get -- the first thing, we're going to get energy way down, drill, baby, drill. All right? We're going to get energy way down. That's going to lead to the inflation. What's killed this country more than anything in the last 3.5 years is inflation, inflicted upon this country by sleepy Joe Biden.

Donald Trump: The inflation has been a disaster in this country, and it's killed the middle class. It's killing the working class. And we're going to get inflation brought down. We have to bring prices down.

Maria Bartiromo: How do you do that? How do you get inflation down?

Donald Trump: If we bring energy down, other things are going to follow.

Maria Bartiromo: So how many jobs do you think can be created by unlocking the energy capacity in America?

Donald Trump: Numbers that you haven't seen before, numbers that we've never seen.

Maria Bartiromo: What, millions?

Donald Trump: We were doing it. We were doing -- yeah, millions of jobs. That's what we need. We need millions of jobs. And we need people to come into our country, too, by the way. I don't want to say we're going to close the border. But we're going to have people come in, but it's going to be people that we should have.

Maria Bartiromo: In a post on Truth Social, you said that seniors should not pay tax on Social Security. And, of course, this made big news, but the Committee for a Responsible Budget says that that will mean increasing deficits by $1.6 trillion to $ 1.8 trillion.

Donald Trump: Because we can cut other costs. There's so much waste in our government. The other thing is --

Maria Bartiromo: So, I just want to ask, where do you get the revenue to offset that? Because it's also, apparently, going to advance the insolvency date of Social Security's retirement trust fund by over a year.

Donald Trump: Well, you know, one of the things good about that is that's when people will make a deal, you know that. But we're going to take care of Social Security. We're not going to do anything to hurt our seniors. There is so much cutting, there is so much waste in this government, there's so much fat in this government.

Donald Trump: I also have no tax on tips. That's a big deal. It's not --

Maria Bartiromo: Are you going to make that an official line item in your economic plans?

Donald Trump: Yes.

Maria Bartiromo: No tax on tips?

Donald Trump: No tax on tips, very simple. No tax on tips.

Maria Bartiromo: OK. What about the debt? I mean, you know, with -- with no --

Donald Trump: We will pay off debt --

Maria Bartiromo: No taxes on Social Security.

Donald Trump: We're going to cut --

Maria Bartiromo: No taxes on tips.

Donald Trump: Right.

Maria Bartiromo: I mean when does $35 trillion in debt become an emergency?

Donald Trump: We are going to -- you know, we were at a point we were doing so well, prior to COVID, just prior to COVID, we were going to start reducing debt, and we're going to start reducing taxes still further. You know, I gave the biggest tax cut ever, bigger than the Reagan tax cuts. But you know what happened? It was very interesting.

Donald Trump: We took in more revenue with a smaller percentage of taxes than we did with a big percentage of taxes. And nobody understood it. I did, some people did, but few people understood it. But when we cut taxes, we took in much more money. The country made more money, and we were getting ready --

Maria Bartiromo: So, it's just, you know, leading to growth so you could --

Donald Trump: We were getting ready to pay off debt. It's not a rewrite, it's lies. And she also said, and so did he, that we had a very secure border under them. We had the worst border in the history. Twenty million people came in, 20 million people. And you know what they do? They just say it. And they keep saying and saying it.

Donald Trump: The press helps them as much as possible. But they say very strongly, "We had a great border." And people say -- you know, it's funny. You say it enough times and people start to believe it, too. That's the scary part. They are -- it's like a whole con job. It's misinformation, disinformation at the highest level.