Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-dan-bongino-show-syndicated-radio-october-18-2024

Dan Bongino: Yeah, this is going to be good. All right. See if we can crack 300. If we crack 300, you got to tell me. I want to hear it. I want to see it.

Unidentified: [inaudible]

Dan Bongino: Yeah, yeah. Give me that. Here you go. Give me like -- give me like the three fingers. This would be awesome. All right. I see him coming in now, folks. President Donald J. Trump. Hopefully the next president of the United States, too.

Donald Trump: [inaudible]

Dan Bongino: Yeah, look at this guy.

Donald Trump: I'm just a guy. [inaudible]

Dan Bongino: Man, you look good. Look at you. You've been working out this morning?

Donald Trump: [inaudible]

Dan Bongino: Thank you, Mr. President, for doing this. We appreciate it. Saying hello to the crew.

Donald Trump: My guy. Nice to see you. Nice to see you.

Dan Bongino: You know --

Donald Trump: So, we're doing pretty well. I mean the states are looking pretty good.

Dan Bongino: Listen, I have never been more excited about a race than this one. But I'm telling everyone to vote early. Bank that vote.

Donald Trump: Well, vote early or vote.

Dan Bongino: Or vote. But if you can, bank it.

Donald Trump: Such corrupt --

Dan Bongino: It's so good to see you. Let me stand up, you are --

Donald Trump: That's good. Thank you.

Dan Bongino: Former President and soon to be hopefully next president -- how you been. Are you feeling all right?

Donald Trump: I really hope -- I really hope so.

Dan Bongino: You've been busy.

Donald Trump: I've been busy. I really have -- I've been -- we've been doing a lot. Your show is going great, huh?

Dan Bongino: How many people we got watching right now? Oh, yeah, move your mic a little closer, Mr. President, just to be --

Donald Trump: Oh.

Dan Bongino: How many people we got watching?

Unidentified: Two-ninety.

Dan Bongino: Two hundred and ninety thousand people, and the show just started. So, we'll be the biggest livestream in the world.

Donald Trump: So, it just started, huh? You're going to have a lot more than that when this goes off. You watch.

Dan Bongino: Yeah. We beat the NFL last night in the live stream, you know that?

Donald Trump: Is that right?

Dan Bongino: Yeah, we did.

Donald Trump: No kidding.

Dan Bongino: You know why? Because the MAGA crowd are the most loyal people.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Dan Bongino: I've never seen a --

Donald Trump: Your -- your crowd is MAGA, right?

Dan Bongino: Oh, my gosh, MAGA.

Donald Trump: Pretty much.

Dan Bongino: They're like super extra MAGA. They're like -- you know, Elon had like the dark MAGA.

Donald Trump: Right.

Dan Bongino: We're like the darkest MAGA.

Donald Trump: Yeah, right.

Dan Bongino: Oh, yeah, we're like in --

Donald Trump: How about Elon? How about him?

Dan Bongino: Oh, we love you Elon.

Donald Trump: I saw that rocket come in and -- and then -- and he's campaigning now in Pennsylvania.

Dan Bongino: He does. You love it? It's good to have successful people, right?

Donald Trump: Yeah. He's a sweetheart. So, let's go.

Dan Bongino: So, I got a couple of questions for you. I appreciate your time.

Donald Trump: OK.

Dan Bongino: First off, the Secret Service, obviously, a sensitive topic with me. I spent 12 years there, protected Democrat and Republican presidents, something really close to my heart. I know you've told the story quite a bit. We all saw it. I spoke to you the next day. We had a conversation on the phone. It was amazing.

Dan Bongino: Like, you told the story almost like you weren't even there. You were so -- I couldn't believe how you came within inches of dying on television. There's no easy way to put it. And you just -- I've never seen anything like it. You get up, and your first instinct is to scream fight. And then, you had said, which, I know the people who surround you, they're really good people.

Donald Trump: Yeah. They are. I know.

Dan Bongino: The Secret service, yeah. I've known them for a long time. But if we get you into office, Mr. President, we need you safe. Can we commit today to some kind of commission to reform the Secret Service? We can get some outside experts to make substantive reforms when you're in charge.

Donald Trump: So, the people I've met from Secret Service, and I know a lot of them, right, they're amazing. They're really good. They had a really bad day in Butler. And I don't know whose fault that was. You know, I guess you go top level, but that building should have been covered, obviously. But if you look at what happened, when those bullets started going off, they were on top of me really quickly.

Donald Trump: And they were -- it's a miracle they weren't hit, actually. I think the guy was sort of stunned. Something happened to him, something happened. The Secret Service shooter was amazing because he was very far away and he -- you know, he spent one bullet, when you think -- but everybody I've met from the Secret Service has been so good.

Donald Trump: But they had a bad day, there's no doubt about it. We're not allowed in this world to have a bad day, right?

Dan Bongino: No.

Donald Trump: Not -- not in this one. This is too big. I think they did a good job the second time. Some people said, "You should have caught him the day before," or, "He should have never been there." But that was a great job that the other Secret Service, the second time. That guy was --

Dan Bongino: I don't think so -- how many people have done this --

Donald Trump: That guy was -- no, I understand, I understand it.

Dan Bongino: They shouldn't -- that guy should have been nowhere near you.

Donald Trump: Yeah, yeah. I understand it both ways. The individual guy did an amazing job to see a barrel coming out of a bush.

Dan Bongino: Oh, that guy, yeah, yeah.

Donald Trump: No, but to see a barrel -- the Secret Service guy, to see a barrel coming out of a bush was something pretty amazing. But, no, it's -- got to be safe, got to be safe.

Dan Bongino: Yeah, we need to reform that. It's -- it's really important. I -- you know, I --

Donald Trump: How was the report? The report came out yesterday.

Dan Bongino: The report's devastating, and it confirms a lot of things that I've said, being an agent for over a decade of my life. Mr. President, they have this government attitude. This kind of segues nicely into another question I had. You're from the private sector.

Donald Trump: Right.

Dan Bongino: OK, I was given an example. I was chatting, waiting for you, my audience to -- to come down from your Fox interview, what you were doing. And I said you're -- you're a builder in New York, one of the toughest places in the world to build. You know that.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Dan Bongino: You're dealing with bureaucrats, unions, unions with conflicting interests.

Donald Trump: Right.

Dan Bongino: How you got all this done, I don't even know, but you did. You tell a guy -- a guy, "I need 15 floors of concrete in six months," and he tells you, "Hey, we came up 10 floors short," you're going with the new concrete company. And by the way, you're dealing with a lot of interest. If you know what I mean --

Donald Trump: Right. Right.

Dan Bongino: Especially in the concrete in New York, you've been there, right, That doesn't happen in New York -- I mean, in the government -- excuse me, you were president of the United States, you have these failed agencies that -- that blew it. The Secret Service that did this whole -- you know, yesterday's technology tomorrow.

Dan Bongino: We used to laugh with them. They -- they didn't have a drone. So, when you get into office, say with someone like an Elon Musk, are you planning on some systemwide review of the FBI, Secret Service, and these other entities and say, "Listen, we're not doing it this way anymore. We're going to produce results for the American people, or you're all getting a boot. We're out. This is it. We're done?"

Donald Trump: Well, Dan, as you know, you have to have the best people, and it's all about the people. And I know nothing about -- you know, very little about that, although I've learned a lot over the last few weeks. It's amazing. You know, we had a rally in Butler, second rally. We had 107,000 people that turned out

Dan Bongino: Amazing.

Donald Trump: And it's -- it's been -- and it's become a great site. I don't know if there's like a memorial site where cars are riding up and down the road, honking their horns from all over the place. They're coming from all over the country.

Dan Bongino: I saw that.

Donald Trump: It's become like -- what is it in Nevada where they have the site with the aliens. Right?

Dan Bongino: Area 51.

Donald Trump: Area 51. I think it's the largest -- Butler, you have to see Butler. The streets are just loaded with cars. They ride up and down the side, and they honk.

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's uh, I don't know. It's cute, it's beautiful actually. But I know the Secret Service well. I know -- I didn't know the top person, but I know the people that work on my detail. They're very, you know, very good. You know a lot of them.

Dan Bongino: Yeah, I know personally.

Donald Trump: And they're great people. Something went wrong and you can't let it go wrong. So, I can't tell you. You'd be somebody good to look into that. You would be good. That was your business, right?

Dan Bongino: That was my business for one time.

Donald Trump: You would be good. But they got to -- they got to get it right.

Dan Bongino: I agree.

Donald Trump: It's dangerous. I'll tell you what being president is a dangerous profession when you think, OK?

Dan Bongino: Oh, yeah.

Donald Trump: I mean, forget about me. You look -- it's one-tenth of 1 percent die as a race car driver, right? OK? So, you take 1 percent. Now, you take one-tenth of that, that's what die. And these guys are going around a track at 220 miles an hour. The bull riding to me looks like, you know, that's -- that's not something I want to do, right?

Dan Bongino: Right.

Donald Trump: And it's about the same, one-tenth. You know they get killed. They get killed --

Dan Bongino: It's not like it hasn't happened, JFK --

Donald Trump: It happens.

Dan Bongino: Reagan was shot.

Donald Trump: No, no. But when you think about it, a lot of presidents have been shot and even assassinated relative to the -- relative to the number. So, I always say this is a dangerous business. I never thought of that when I ran. You know, you think everything's peachy-dory.

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But it's a nasty business. One thing I would like to do is the first shooter, which they say was a miracle. I mean, you know, it's lucky I moved to the right. But if I didn't turn to the right for -- over immigration -- see I got saved over illegal immigration, the chart.

Dan Bongino: The chart.

Donald Trump: My all-time favorite chart.

Dan Bongino: Favorite chart.

Donald Trump: But -- but the first shooter had three apps. And two of them, they say, were foreign-based. And they haven't opened those apps. And I wonder why the FBI hasn't done that. The second shooter had six -- had six cell phones. Now, who has six cell phones? Have you ever heard of anyone -- I have two. But who has six cell phones? And you would think that they'd want those opened and they haven't opened them, and they can open them.

Donald Trump: And I guarantee they opened it for January 6th. All those guys got their cells opened.

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: So, why aren't they opening? So, I do ask that question. Why isn't the FBI opening up those phones?

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And they're foreign. It looks like they're foreign-based. So, you never know, you know, where these people are coming from. They may look innocent like, you know, they're nice country boys, but they may not be. So, I'd like to see them open that up and fast. And we'll get down to the bottom of it.

Dan Bongino: I suspect there's probably some foreign connections there. And, candidly, I don't trust --

Donald Trump: It looks it, doesn't it?

Dan Bongino: Yeah. I just don't trust the FBI, Mr. President, given their experience with you.

Donald Trump: Yeah, well, it's -- I understand that.

Dan Bongino: It's not like we're basing this off some hypothetical. They spied on your campaign. You have the names of the spies. I mean, I wrote three books on it. It's not -- I cited left-wing sources in the books. Let me ask you --

Donald Trump: They actually spied on my campaign, and then they go after the people that went after the spies, right? And they spied on my campaign. And if you look, it was Biden and Obama and their group of people. And the deep state, they wanted that forgotten as quick as possible -- quickly as possible. The fake news media, they -- they hate to cover it.

Donald Trump: And when you say they spied in my campaign, they go, "Well, you know." No, they actually spied on my campaign. We have it all. So, we'll see. I don't think any --

Dan Bongino: Lesley Stahl said no, though, so at "60 Minutes" so --

Donald Trump: Yeah, yeah --

Dan Bongino: She's a very credible source --

Donald Trump: Lesley Stahl. And, you know, she never gave me an apology.

Dan Bongino: No, no.

Donald Trump: And David Muir didn't give me. When I said crime is rampant --

Dan Bongino: Right.

Donald Trump: He said, "No, crime has gone down."

Dan Bongino: Right.

Donald Trump: And he said the FBI told him.

Dan Bongino: But you were right.

Donald Trump: I said, "Well, the FBI, it's a -- it's a fraudulent report because they didn't include the worst cities.

Dan Bongino: You saw the FBI correction?

Donald Trump: They corrected -- yeah.

Dan Bongino: They had to say, "Oh, yeah, there were 1,699 more." How do you miss a murder?

Donald Trump: They go that's --

Dan Bongino: How the hell -- the guy's dead.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Dan Bongino: How do you miss a murder?

Donald Trump: They go, "Let's include a few other cities like the worst cities, right?"

Dan Bongino: Right.

Donald Trump: No, It's very sad, what's happening with the FBI.

Dan Bongino: You ever say to yourself, "Gosh, my batting average with these media idiots is like a thousand, like Trump, a thousand; media losers, zero. I mean, I -- I got to tell you, of all the media moments you've had, the one that infuriates me the most -- it's actually a segment on my show, is the Lesley Stahl, sir, moment. "

Dan Bongino: Sir, sir, we can't verify." You're the media, you loser. What do you mean you can't -- your job was -- all you had to do was go to the FBI and ask, is this the real --

Donald Trump: And she knew it -- she knew it. Look, it's -- hey, I think the worst scandal I've ever seen in broadcast history will maybe not be as much of a scandal that were a Republican, it would have been over when they changed Kamala's answer. They didn't edit.

Dan Bongino: Oh, I know.

Donald Trump: They took her entire -- which showed she was crazy. They took it out, the entire paragraph. And it was a long lots of -- they -- they say word salad. I don't like the term, actually, but they say word salad. It was just words like, rambling words, horrible.

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: So, they take it out, and they put another statement that she made two pages later. They insert it. And nobody would have known the difference, and they got caught. They got caught.

Dan Bongino: Yeah, you've nailed CBS --

Donald Trump: And I think it's the worst scandal. You know, it's one thing if they took even a sentence off because they do that with me all the time. Because I like to speak in long sentences, paragraphs, right? And if they take a sentence out like in the middle, it really does screw it up. But -- but think of this, they took the whole thing in, and they replaced it with a totally unrelated time and place.

Dan Bongino: Right.

Donald Trump: And they put it in. And -- and that's the only one that we caught. And we want them to release the tapes now. So, I think I'm going to sue them, actually.

Dan Bongino: Go for it, I think.

Donald Trump: So, no, you know why? They can't defend it. And if they do -- and even if they win, it's going to be very embarrassing. And "60 Minutes" -- so I've done it many times, I did it with Mike Wallace. The best one I ever had was Mike Wallace, and he was the biggest killer. And you know, Chris tries to be Mike, but he just -- you still have to have it.

Dan Bongino: Yeah, he's not cutting it.

Donald Trump: He doesn't --

Dan Bongino: He's not -- he isn't cutting it.

Donald Trump: But it's a very embarrassing moment for them. But the media is not pressing it. You would think the media would be pressing it. And I go a step further. It's so bad they should lose their license, and they should take "60 Minutes" off the air. This is like the $64,000 question many years ago, if you ever read the books on television.

Donald Trump: They caught somebody. They gave somebody the answers, right? And he was a very famous dude. They ended up giving him the answers. And the whole thing -- it was the biggest scandal maybe in television. But this is potentially -- because think of what they did. It's election interference. They gave her an answer.

Dan Bongino: Right.

Donald Trump: It was worse than that. They took the answer out and put a new answer in.

Dan Bongino: Mr. President, I think you should call them "61 Minutes" from now on because they added an extra minute for Kamala. So, I think it's a mistake to call them "60 Minutes." You're giving them too much credit. So, in public speeches, just refer to them 61. They had an extra minute for Kamala. But how about David Muir. Everything I said -- Crime is down, right?

Donald Trump: Everything I said --

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: He questioned. There wasn't a thing -- every single thing I said, he questioned. And he was wrong, I think, on every one of them. I'm pretty sure. But -- and he never questioned her. And she talked about Charlottesville. She talked -- all things that have been, as they say, debunked. Another term I don't like, but it's, you know, a pretty accurate term.

Donald Trump: All totally debunked, bloodbath. They used the bloodbath.

Dan Bongino: Cars.

Donald Trump: I was talking about the car industry, right? Not talking about a bloodbath.

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: He used the word bloodbath.

Dan Bongino: Right.

Donald Trump: You know, these people are sick. You got to say, though. They are good at what they do. You have to admire it.

Dan Bongino: Yeah, listen --

Donald Trump: They are -- they are sick.

Dan Bongino: I mean, you know, you and I are New York kids, you know. I'm just a -- just a slight tad bit younger, but you remember 1980s Times Square pre-Giuliani.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Dan Bongino: You know, remember the Faux-lexes, the fake Rolexes?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Dan Bongino: And then, all the peep shows and stuff. I mean, some of the scammers were good. Remember, the shell game guys?

Donald Trump: That's right.

Dan Bongino: Like, they were good in it. So, that's them. Like, if you're going to be good as a scammer, you might as well be good at it. That's what "60 Minutes" is.

Donald Trump: The press is a big scam. It's terrible. It's -- you know, I don't know that a country can come back if it has a fake press.

Dan Bongino: It's hard.

Donald Trump: Because they're like the policeman. You know, they're like -- they keep people honest, right? But Democrats don't have to be honest. They really don't have to be honest because they're not going to -- they will never be accused of anything. It's interesting, I was so amazed that Harvey Weinstein got schlonged.

Donald Trump: He got hit as hard as you can get hit because he was sort of the king of the walk, right? And yet, he got hit. And I figured that maybe he wouldn't get hit so hard. But, boy, did he get -- you don't know him well. I don't know him well. But I watched that, and it was amazing. So, when they do get hit, they get hit.

Donald Trump: But that's the only one I can think of. Normally, they protect everybody. What they did with Adams, I think is very suspect.

Dan Bongino: I heard you bring that up last night at the Al Smith.

Donald Trump: Well, I brought it up because he was on the dais.

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And I think other people were bringing it up, too.

Dan Bongino: You think it's coincidental that he comes out with the immigration problem in New York City as the mayor here.

Donald Trump: No.

Dan Bongino: And all of a sudden, the DOJ --

Donald Trump: I predicted it. So, he came out pretty strongly against the migrants taking over the city, which, as a mayor, he should, right, and not getting paid. You know, they've spent $3 billion on migrants, and the federal government's not there to pay it back. But he went against the party. And I said, "He will be indicted within six months."

Donald Trump: I know these people, like deranged Jack Smith. This is a deranged individual.

Dan Bongino: Did you see he's going to release another manifesto? I mean, is this the -- this guy is absolute scum.

Donald Trump: Before -- before the election.

Dan Bongino: I've never seen anything like it. This is like tyranny --

Donald Trump: And the judge is allowing --

Dan Bongino: Hammer, sickle, star.

Donald Trump: And the judge is allowing him to do it. And it's not even believable. This guy is a sick puppy. And they're going to release something else. And always before the election, you know they want to do it before the election.

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: So, election interference. No, it's a terrible thing what's happening. And the judges -- this judge is the most evil person.

Dan Bongino: I've never seen anything like it.

Donald Trump: She was -- they all said, "Well, make sure you don't get Chutkan." And who did I get?

Dan Bongino: [inaudible]

Donald Trump: I got Chutkan. I got Chutkan. It's all right. It's all right.

Dan Bongino: She's a real prize.

Donald Trump: Because, you know, it has to get approved by lots of different people.

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But they said, "Make sure you don't get Chutkan." Well, I have nothing to do with it. So, you know, they supposedly pick -- they pick balls, right? It's not -- I don't think it works that way, but that's what they say. That's the way it's supposed to be. You pick out of a hat, and that's the judge.

Dan Bongino: But there's probably one name in the hat.

Donald Trump: Well, you don't want Chutkan, that's for sure. And you got Chutkan.

Dan Bongino: Every ballot in the hat had Chutkan on it.

Donald Trump: What judge would do that? Forget about deranged Jack Smith.

Dan Bongino: Right.

Donald Trump: You know, a judge is supposed to keep him in check.

Dan Bongino: Right.

Donald Trump: What judge would say, "We're going to release something, you know, a couple of days before the elections?"

Dan Bongino: By the way, which you have almost no ability to respond to. He could -- he could be making this up. Everyone in our system is innocent till proven guilty, not guilty until proven innocent. It's disgraceful.

Donald Trump: Yeah it's -- it's an amazing thing. Well.

Dan Bongino: You know what -- you know what the real -- I got so much I want to -- can I ask you a different question?

Donald Trump: No, it's because it's hard to believe, right?

Dan Bongino: It is -- it's hard to believe like --

Donald Trump: It's hard.

Dan Bongino: Even the CNN legal analyst, what's his name, that Honig guy --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Dan Bongino: He was like, "This is really --" it's CNN. They don't even like you.

Donald Trump: Did he -- did he say that about this one?

Dan Bongino: He said it about three weeks ago when Jack Smith released the first -- look it up. I'm pretty sure it was Honig, but it was definitely on CNN. And he was, I think, a federal prosecutor. And he said, "I've never seen anything like this where the prosecutor gets to release an uncontested memo with unproven charges, not in a courtroom, but basically a campaign document."

Donald Trump: Right.

Dan Bongino: It was the most obscene thing. Again, CNN, which, let's be honest, they hate your guts. And they're putting that on you. That's how bad this guy is.

Donald Trump: The legal analyst for CNN, he's the top guy, has been against all of this. He said, "Trump did nothing wrong." I'm so amazed. I'm more impressed with that than anything else I've seen on CNN. But, you know, because you'd think they'd try and stop him.

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: He is one of the biggest guarders of the Constitution. I mean he really is. He's a great lawyer. He said, "This is really unfair." But think of it, right before the election. Now, I don't even know what it says. This is made up by other people. It has nothing to do with me. And you don't even get a right to answer.

Donald Trump: It is -- see that's election interference right there. That's cheating on the election.

Dan Bongino: How many stories have they told about you that are -- so, remember the -- you beat up the Secret Service driver.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Dan Bongino: We used to laugh about that on my show because I know the people involved.

Donald Trump: So. that's now been proven to be false.

Dan Bongino: That you tackled. You like -- you gave him a triangle choke --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Dan Bongino: From the back of the car. You're a pretty talented guy. You must've learned that --

Donald Trump: A lot of people said, "Don't dispute that story. It makes you look very tough and strong." No, they say --

Dan Bongino: You took out a couple of Secret --

Donald Trump: They say I went to the man on the right, who's a weightlifter and -- and like 30-years-old and then the man on the right, who's supposed to be a great karate expert.

Dan Bongino: Right.

Donald Trump: I decided to go for him, and I got him around the neck right.

Dan Bongino: Use your skills, right, your Muay Thai skills.

Donald Trump: And this was a woman who -- I think the testimony is all now gone. So, what happened to me -- here's one of the greatest scandals. The Unselect Committee of political hacks, Cheney, all these people --

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Cheneys. You know, they say, "We have a Republican." The Republican is Cheney. And then they have kissing and crying.

Dan Bongino: There's always crying.

Donald Trump: I've never seen him when he's not crying.

Dan Bongino: What's with crying all the time?

Donald Trump: They call him, crying at him, kissing -- he cries every time. You know, he's so desperate. He's -- he's a sick puppy.

Dan Bongino: [inaudible]

Donald Trump: Those are the two Republicans, OK?

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: So, they say the bipartisan committee --

Dan Bongino: Right, right.

Donald Trump: They were much worse than any Democrat. The Democrats were nothing.

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: So, anyway, so the head of it, Bennie Thompson --

Dan Bongino: Yeah. He's a gem.

Donald Trump: A real beauty. He decided to destroy all evidence of the -- of this year and a half trial. Everything is gone. The reason is because I was so innocent. And like, as an example, this one case that I won't mention names, the girl, the person that did that said that it's been totally unconfirmed, right? It's been unconfirmed.

Donald Trump: The Secret Service agent said, "Never happened, never happened." I can tell you -- first of all, you wouldn't be able to do it anyway.

Dan Bongino: I worked with him in New York, Bob.

Donald Trump: Yeah, Bobby.

Dan Bongino: And he knows that didn't happen.

Donald Trump: Bobby's a tough cookie. Bobby's not going to let somebody grab him --

Dan Bongino: He's a Marine.

Donald Trump: Yeah. You're not grabbing Bobby around --

Dan Bongino: You're right. Maybe a great -- like you took them all out --

Donald Trump: No, no, I have a friend that say, "Why are you fighting that? Let it be. It doesn't make any difference. Let it be. You beat the crap out of them." It's the coolest thing I've ever heard, right? But I said, "Let's tell the truth." It never happened. I actually said, "I'd love to go down, remember, peacefully and patriotically."

Donald Trump: Do you know they don't mention that in any paper?

Dan Bongino: No, never.

Donald Trump: The biggest, most important part, peacefully and patriotically. They don't mention that in any paper, in any document, in and anything. It's crazy. So, anyway -- so, it was all disproven. They -- did you know -- they destroyed all evidence, right? Now, you're supposed to go to jail if you destroy evidence.

Donald Trump: Even in a civil case, you go to jail. They destroyed -- they announced -- we have decided to destroy all evidence having to do with the Unselect Committee. I love the name Unselect because it's called the Select Committee like it's -- I call it the Unselect Committee.

Dan Bongino: Do you find it weird that the January 6th Unselect Committee -- which I agree is Unselect about them, do you find it weird they're not interested about why Kamala Harris was not at the Capitol on January 6th, but was at the DNC when a pipe bomb was outside?

Donald Trump: Yeah. Yeah, it's interesting.

Dan Bongino: Why doesn't Kamala Harris -- they keep saying it's an insurrection. Why doesn't she tell that story?

Donald Trump: It's a rigged deal. The whole thing is rigged, 100 percent rigged.

Dan Bongino: If you get elected and we hope that happens, can -- can you get an answer as to why she was there?

Donald Trump: I do believe. I do believe. Look, this is really corrupt stuff. The other thing is, as you know, they really won in the Supreme Court, OK? The Fischer case and the various cases. Why are they still being held? Nobody's ever been treated like this.

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Nobody's ever -- maybe the Japanese during Second World War, frankly. But, you know, they were held, too. But when you look at Portland and the damage they did and killed people -- because other than Ashli, nobody was killed here, nobody was killed. And there were no guns involved. And these are all gun owners.

Donald Trump: You know, these are people that have guns, but they never went to the Capitol with guns.

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's really amazing -- it's a very sad -- I think it's a very sad day in the country's life.

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But they -- but here's the end of this, they destroyed and deleted all evidence. So, now we're not going to know what she said about how I beat the crap out of these two Secret Service agents.

Dan Bongino: Right.

Donald Trump: I was so strong. My arm just ripped around those big necks, 24-inch necks. I ripped my arm around them, and they didn't have a chance. Can you imagine that?

Dan Bongino: No, no --

Donald Trump: But how do they -- how do they delete it and destroy it? You're not allowed to do that.

Dan Bongino: The Secret Service deleted the texts from that day, too. And they said it was a tech transfer. It was not, it's a lie. So, if you get elected, I'm really hoping we can get to the bottom. We should talk about that. Can I ask you something else about a kind of a switching gears a minute. You know the media paints you in this ridiculous -- you've seen the caricatures.

Dan Bongino: They're insane. You know, when I was going through cancer treatment at Sloan Kettering, I was going in for surgery, and I'd had a bad incident. And you called me that day from the White House. And I got to tell you, I was really touched by the whole thing. You are extremely loyal to your friends. And I say to people, "You know why? Because he's a Queens guy."

Dan Bongino: And tell me if I'm right. Here's my theory. Donald Trump theory on Queens, why you got the bravado and the machismo, why the guys really like you in the bro podcast. Queens guys, we never had the money of the Manhattan kids, so you don't have like the class like of the Manhattan -- you're not in like the upper crust of this fake caste system we have in New York. You know it exists.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Dan Bongino: But we're never given the tough guy credit, the Brooklyn and the Bronx kids. Nobody wants to fight them just because they say they're from Brooklyn. So, we're from Queens. We always got to say it and do it. We just can't show up and "Oh, this guy's got money from Central Park West," or, "He's from Brooklyn, he's tough."

Dan Bongino: Tell me I'm not right about Queens. Is that the Donald Trump phenomenon?

Donald Trump: Well, it's a great place to learn. A lot of very successful people came out of Queens. Queens is --

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's a place of successful people, as you know. But so is Brooklyn and maybe the Bronx, too, a little bit different.

Dan Bongino: Paula's from the Bronx. Paula. Yeah, lovely Paula.

Donald Trump: Oh, wow.

Dan Bongino: She looks good, doesn't she?

Donald Trump: It's good -- beyond good. It's --

Dan Bongino: It's crazy being married to a 25-year-old, right?

Donald Trump: I know. And doing well. And she has a lot to do with your success.

Dan Bongino: Oh, my gosh. Yes.

Donald Trump: I have seen over the years, people married and having a great relationship, and they're successful. Then, it doesn't work out, they go to somebody else, and they lose everything. You know, the man behind the woman and the woman behind the man, it's both. It works out both ways. But I've seen many cases where somebody's successful and -- but with somebody else not successful at all. I see it with athletes.

Dan Bongino: Is that your secret weapon?

Donald Trump: Melania?

Dan Bongino: Melania, she's the secret weapon.

Donald Trump: By the way, she just did No. 1 bestseller book. Did you see that?

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: No. 1, she's No. 1 on the list, New York Times list. Now, to be No. 1 -- for Trump to be No. 1 on the New York Times list is not even believable, right? You know what you have to go -- she had to be number one by thousands of books, OK, because they're pretty tough on that. Now, she's got the No. 1 bestseller, Melania.

Dan Bongino: Can I ask you a question about your busiest time in New York? Wollman Rink. For those of you who don't know at home, Wollman Rink is an ice skating rink. The city couldn't fix it for whatever, 500 years, because it's the city of New York. It was a train wreck. They come to you. They say, "Mr. Trump," at the time, you weren't running for president or anything, "you know, can you fix this mess?" You got it done in record time. I don't even remember Wollman Rink.

Donald Trump: Right. Well, it was -- it was closed for 11 years. My kids were getting older, they kept saying -- Ivanka, "Daddy, can I go ice skating?" "I'm sorry, darling, the rink is under construction." After saying that for 11 years --

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: You know, for 11 years, it's been under construction for 11 years. "My darling, you're the most beautiful little ice skater, but there goes your career because --"

Dan Bongino: Right.

Donald Trump: You have to start young, and they were building. So, they were building it for 11 years. And they had spent just, you know, numbers that were unbelievable. They couldn't get it to work, they were building it wrong. They had the wrong pipe, they had the wrong system. They used a refrigeration company from Miami.

Donald Trump: Now, you don't go to Miami for a rink. You go to Canada.

Dan Bongino: Right.

Donald Trump: I went to the Montreal Canadiens. They came down. They were very nice, they came down. They said, "This doesn't work. You have to use a brine system." Anyway, they were using a gas -- they had the wrong everything. And, you know, they'd pour this big 50,000-foot sight in little tiny patches.

Dan Bongino: Right.

Donald Trump: So, it was all uneven. You never saw a butcher job like this. So, I took it over. So, it was under construction for 11 years. I got it done in two and a half months.

Dan Bongino: Yeah. And it was a famous story in New York --

Donald Trump: I had cement trucks going -- the Teamsters, I had cement trucks going from the rink back to Harlem, you know along the park --

Dan Bongino: Yeah. Oh, yeah.

Donald Trump: And I had 40, 50 trucks standing there, all poured over a two-day period at one time. You know, they were doing little chunks. And then they wouldn't match. And then, they tried to hook up pipes. The whole thing was the craziest thing. And the people from the Montreal Canadiens came down and they said -- oh, and you remember? They kept stealing the copper pipe. You know, you'd put pipe in the concrete.

Dan Bongino: Right.

Donald Trump: But every night, they'd put the pipe, and the pipe would be gone the next day, the thieves, because copper is very expensive.

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And they said, "No, you don't want to use copper, you want to use hose, and it has to have water in it, warm water. And you have to put salt in the water. That way, it doesn't --" that's the whole thing. That was a big factor. You know, it's called brine. It's water and salt, so the salt doesn't let it freeze, right?

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And it was great. And we opened it, and I ran it for many years. And de Blasio came along. And by the way, I hit him hard last night. Did you see that? Were you watching last night?

Dan Bongino: No, I was traveling up.

Donald Trump: So, they had the Alfred Smith -- Al Smith dinner last night, the big Catholic dinner in The Plaza. It -- it was great. The cardinal was -- everybody was.

Dan Bongino: Kamala skipped out

Donald Trump: Every -- she -- yeah, everybody was there but her.

Dan Bongino: I love your joke about tampon Tim, by the way. He didn't show up, but he's telling everyone he's there.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Dan Bongino: He's -- he's telling war stories --

Donald Trump: We had a lot of jokes. It's actually -- you're supposed to be a comedian, at least for part of your speech.

Dan Bongino: No, you were good. I liked it. You were pretty funny.

Donald Trump: It was a great evening.

Dan Bongino: Let me -- I know you're short on time.

Donald Trump: Would you say de Blasio the worst mayor in history?

Dan Bongino: You know, I think Dinkins was really bad. I think Dinkins was -- I mean they called him "Stinkins."

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Dan Bongino: Dinkins was bad.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Dan Bongino: I mean, you and I have been through Koch, Dinkins, Beame, mayors of New York.

Donald Trump: Who is the best mayor?

Dan Bongino: Oh, Giuliani, by far. I worked as a cop under Giuliani. I mean, you went into Times Square under Giuliani. That's actually one of my questions. Are you bad enough yet? New York City. You know you and I lived through the Giuliani era. You go up, you get off the train station in Times Square, you get hit with seven hookers, 20 drug dealers, and a three-card monte guys, left and right, right? Giuliani gets elected, Mr.

Dan Bongino: President, you know as well as I do, you walk through Times Square six months later, it's a totally different place. So, when people tell me Donald Trump, who grew up in that New York and is committed to changing government can't fix things, it's too bad. I say BS. It was a thousand times worse in New York, and Giuliani turned it around like that.

Donald Trump: Well, it's getting bad, I will say. It's getting bad. Bad things are happening. And the migrants are making it happen really bad because you know we have 100,000 migrants. Nobody has any idea how many. And interesting, the mayor said, you know, "This is not sustainable." And I said, "He'll be indicted."

Donald Trump: And he was indicted. They indicted him. This is a bad group, the same group that we just talked about. And it's -- let's see what happens. I mean, let's see what happens with it. But having a young Rudy, at this moment, you know, a young Rudy -- because he did, he did a great job.

Dan Bongino: You saw it.

Donald Trump: This city was a mess. This whole place was a mess. And within a couple of years, it became the safest big city in the world, right?

Dan Bongino: It was amazing, and it was great for business with you.

Donald Trump: He's got to be given credit for it. He did a great job.

Dan Bongino: Well, the question from my audience, I got -- I put out a poll. I said, "Give me some questions for President Trump. I want to hear what you all have to say." Personnel, your first term, you were new to politics, which was a benefit --

Donald Trump: Right.

Dan Bongino: But in a little way has it -- a little bit has a downside in that you don't know all the players.

Donald Trump: Right.

Dan Bongino: You're a business guy, so people recommended you hires. You had to get rid of a lot of people, a lot of them turned out to be turkeys. And they're concerned the second term that we may have that same problem. I've told them I know your team. I know they get it now. Do you have -- I'm not asking for any names.

Dan Bongino: I don't want you -- I wouldn't -- I wouldn't dare. But do you have a set of people now you know you can trust when we get in. Because we're not going to have a lot of time. In two years, there could be a midterm issue.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Dan Bongino: We've got two years to clean this disaster up. You feel like you've got a roster like a --

Donald Trump: So, when I first got elected, Dan, I was only -- you probably heard me say this story, but I was there 17 times in Washington, DC. So, I wasn't a Washington person.

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I knew really nobody there and mostly because I was building a hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue and a beautiful hotel that I sold to the Waldorf Astoria. You know, I did --

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But I did a beautiful job. But it was mostly for that. So, I was -- I was essentially never in Washington, so I didn't know people. So, I had to rely on people, you know, for big positions. I'm saying, "Hey, do you know anybody that can be like this job and that job." And generally, I got it very good.

Donald Trump: We had Lighthizer, you know, trade. We had -- we had a lot of good guys. But we also made some mistakes, made mistakes at attorney general, made mistakes -- I made some mistakes. And I don't really blame myself for it. You know, they were highly recommended by RINOs, and they weren't the right people.

Donald Trump: They just weren't the right people. And there were some other positions, too. Mostly, I got it right. You know, nobody ever talks about the good. We had a lot of great people.

Dan Bongino: Right.

Donald Trump: But we had some -- some mistakes.

Dan Bongino: Plus you fired them.

Donald Trump: I fired them. And here's what happens. When I fire -- because I'm famous or whatever for whatever reason, when I fire them, immediately, the book companies go to them and they say, "Oh, we'll give you a book if you say bad things about Trump."

Dan Bongino: Right.

Donald Trump: If Bush fired somebody, nobody cares. You know, if somebody else fired -- but immediately, when I fired, they go to -- and they write something or they say, like Bolton was a stiff. He was a dumb guy, very stupid guy. But actually, he came in handy because he was a maniac. You know, he always wanted to go to war with people.

Dan Bongino: Yeah, he wants to bomb everyone.

Donald Trump: He wants to bomb -- so I just -- he wouldn't talk because he was stupid. But what happened, I bring him into a room with Putin, and Putin would say, "Oh, shit, Trump wants to go to war," because Bolton was with Bush and they -- you know, think of it. They went into the Middle East, they bombed the hell out of the place.

Donald Trump: And they left. You know, it's like they bombed --

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: This guy would he would go, he wanted to bomb anything. He's a nut job, but -- but he was good for negotiating purposes. But then, after a while, you get -- so you fire him. And whenever you fire people, generally, if they have an option, like with me they have -- most people don't care, it's like they get fired, but there's nobody to write about the boss.

Donald Trump: But if the boss is famous, they can maybe get a book deal. So --

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I believe in firing people. For instance, in Afghanistan, Biden should have fired every general and every person involved in that botched job, moving the soldiers out first. Everything they did was wrong.

Dan Bongino: Disgraceful.

Donald Trump: They should have all been fired.

Dan Bongino: How do you leave the military base first in Bagram?

Donald Trump: First of all, they should have used Bagram.

Dan Bongino: Right.

Donald Trump: And then, they dropped Bagram, and China has Bagram right now. And it's an --

Dan Bongino: I was in Bagram. It's amazing.

Donald Trump: So it's --

Dan Bongino: They left it.

Donald Trump: Yeah, they left it.

Dan Bongino: They didn't even tell the locals.

Donald Trump: They should have --

Dan Bongino: Locals showed up, there was nobody there.

Donald Trump: Yeah, my plan was -- I was getting out, but keeping Bagram because of China because it's an hour away from where they make their nuclear weapons. So, anyway, that's where it is. That's the saddest story and maybe the most embarrassing story in the history of our country, that whole Afghanistan. We were getting out, but we were going to get out with dignity and strength.

Donald Trump: And we were going to get out. It was going to be great. We had to get out. It was 20 years, 21 years, it was ridiculous. But we were going to keep Bagram because of China. We didn't keep it.

Dan Bongino: Can I ask you a hypothetical on that? Say, I mean, obviously, we can't prove a counterfactual, but you're the president, say that 2020 debacle doesn't happen and you're sitting there in the Oval. I agree we had to get out of there. Do you say to them, the Taliban, "Here's the deal, brothers. We are leaving. But I'm telling you right now. You touch a hair on the head of one of our people, we are going to rain hellfire --"

Donald Trump: But I did say that. We didn't have any soldiers shot after I spoke with Abdul, the leader of the Taliban.

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: We didn't have any soldier, not one soldier for 18 months who was killed. And Biden actually admitted that at a speech a few years ago. He said, "Well, I have to say no soldier has been killed." We were -- we were losing a lot of soldiers over there with Obama. And I said that, "If you do it --" I don't want to say exactly what I said because it's not appropriate.

Donald Trump: But I said you better not shoot our soldiers. We didn't have one soldier killed in -- in --

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Think of it, in 18 months. And then, this horrible thing happened. They should have left from Bagram, number one, not from that base. And we lost 13 soldiers.

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Many really badly hurt, you know, with the legs and the arms and the whole thing. We have Americans left behind. We had some very good people left behind, too, that maybe should -- should have come with us. They had that airlift which was terrible with people falling off the planes. It was so bad. And we left behind $80 billion worth of equipment.

Dan Bongino: Biden never recovered from that. Everybody saw what a loser he was --

Donald Trump: Biden is a grossly incompetent man. But here's the bad news, she's worse.

Dan Bongino: Oh, she's horrible.

Donald Trump: She is more incompetent than Biden.

Dan Bongino: Yeah, no, she's horrible. Can I ask you a really --

Donald Trump: Hey, Dan, I got to get going.

Dan Bongino: Oh, I'm sorry.

Donald Trump: They're going crazy

Dan Bongino: All right. Folks, I'm sorry, we got to wrap it up with the president. You got -- you got a little thing called the campaign coming up, and you got to win.

Donald Trump: I do.

Dan Bongino: I want to thank you for your time. I want to thank you for my audience. I'm really sorry. Oh, can I ask you one small favor?

Donald Trump: Yes.

Dan Bongino: We're going to do election night coverage, and I want to do -- you know Franklin Graham, Samaritan's Purse.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Dan Bongino: So, I want to auction off a Donald Trump sign Bongino baseball --

Donald Trump: Good.

Dan Bongino: And give it to Franklin Graham. Would you be kind enough to sign it on camera?

Donald Trump: I would do it, I would do it, I would do it.

Dan Bongino: And that way, everybody knows it's real.

Donald Trump: I would do it.

Dan Bongino: I would so deeply -- I'm sorry to put you on the spot, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: That's all right. Let's see.

Dan Bongino: I just -- I think we could raise a fortune for Franklin Graham.

Donald Trump: That's a nice -- nice baseball.

Dan Bongino: You like that? Someone made a -- a listener made --

Donald Trump: Plenty of movement on it, yeah.

Dan Bongino: And we are going to auction this off. And everything -- Franklin Graham, Samaritan's Purse, coming your way. I know you like Franklin a lot.

Donald Trump: He's doing a great job.

Dan Bongino: He's doing an amazing job. I just want to make sure everybody knows it's real

Donald Trump: I'll tell you who's not doing a good job. Kamala.

Dan Bongino: Kamala, terrible.

Donald Trump: She's not doing a good job.

Dan Bongino: The worst. You're right, Biden was better. They were better off with him. There it is. We are going to raise a fortune for charity, 100 percent to charity. There you see it, folks. President Donald J. Trump just grabbed that Sharpie. We appreciate it so much. Mr. President, thanks a lot.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Dan Bongino: Best of luck in the campaign

Donald Trump: Thank you, Dan.

Dan Bongino: God bless you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Dan Bongino: Wow, this is amazing. We're going to do --

Donald Trump: It's pretty good, huh?

Dan Bongino: Yeah, this is -- I guess --

Donald Trump: Just like the old days.

Dan Bongino: I'll let Marco know how much money we raised for this.

Donald Trump: Good.