Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-airplane-full-send-podcast-october-12-2024

Donald Trump: Did they have a good time?

John Shahidi: Oh, yeah. Yeah, the speech was awesome.

Donald Trump: That was 101,000.

Kyle Forgeard: It's bigger than the festival, Coachella festival.

Donald Trump: No, about the same -- oh, it's bigger than the festival? Well, you like this?

John Shahidi: Freddie Mercury's the best.

Donald Trump: Somebody just handed me this. Look, a bobblehead from Las Vegas. Can we honor Dana White, right?

John Shahidi: Yes.

Kyle Forgeard: We love him.

Donald Trump: I'll give you guys hats. You have this?

John Shahidi: Oh, yeah.

Kyle Forgeard: Perfect. Yeah.

Donald Trump: You want a drink.

John Shahidi: I'm OK.

Kyle Forgeard: I'm OK.

Donald Trump: Scotch?

John Shahidi: No, no, no, no.

Donald Trump: So I've got 32 days with zero break. And we have another 23 days left. And I'm going to go with zero break. In theory, you should collapse. But I view it differently, I would feel very guilty if I sat at home doing nothing, one day or two days out of 23. And the prize is the presidency and making America great again, right? And people say, "Oh no, no, you should take a break."

Donald Trump: She takes two, three days off a week. I couldn't do that. It's too important.

Kyle Forgeard: Speaking of Kamala, I know you don't like her, but that's Kamala's greatest achievements.

Donald Trump: That's very good. I love that. They're always working.Show it to them, that's good.

Unidentified: Watch this video.

Donald Trump: We're going to --

Unidentified: He's putting a sign, a Kamala sign, outside. I got you. [Begin videotape] Hello there. Hi. I work for the Harris and Walz campaign. I wanted -- Take it off. Do you not support tampons in men's bathrooms? Tampons are for women. Where are they going to stick it up? Their ass. Get the fuck out of here. [End videotape] It was fire.

Unidentified: It was --

Donald Trump: Will you put it up on my site?

Unidentified: You want to do it?

Donald Trump: Yeah, put it up.

Unidentified: Good. All right. [inaudible] rally, I'll --

Donald Trump: No, do it now.

Unidentified: Yeah?

Donald Trump: Do it. Get it up.

Kyle Forgeard: That's a new one. That's a new one.

Donald Trump: Oh, is that a new one?

John Shahidi: Yeah.

Donald Trump: You couldn't act it as good as that?

Kyle Forgeard: No.

John Shahidi: No.

Donald Trump: See these are modern day stars.

Kyle Forgeard: Sleeping?

Donald Trump: He'll call back.

Kyle Forgeard: Tell him that I'm here.

Donald Trump: I'm with your favorite people, the Nelk Boys. They're having a good time at my expense. They're having a good time on my plane. We just landed. It's a little rougher landing. That's a little rougher landing than Dana would have. So, I'm here with your friends, the Nelk Boys. And they are the modern-day Johnny Carson, right? I can't say Jimmy Kimmel and these losers.

John Shahidi: No, no, no, not us.

Kyle Forgeard: No, no.

John Shahidi: No, no, no, we're good.

Donald Trump: You know they have no ratings. How much he hates me --

Kyle Forgeard: He's the GOAT.

Donald Trump: Where did we land? I don't know. Where are we?

Unidentified: Vegas

Donald Trump: No, we're in Vegas. I don't even know. This was a great rally today, Dana.

Kyle Forgeard: Great rally.

Donald Trump: Yeah. I had to put out a little extra because I had the Nelk Boys, the freaking Nelk Boys. I had everybody in Hollywood. This was the craziest -- you had a good time, fellas, right?

John Shahidi: Oh, yeah.

Kyle Forgeard: Of course.

Donald Trump: Here, do you want to say something?

Kyle Forgeard: What's up, Dana?

Dana White: Hey, buddy. What's happening?

Kyle Forgeard: What's going on?

Dana White: You guys have fun?

Kyle Forgeard: Oh, yeah.

Donald Trump: Well, I let him ride in the plane, Dana. I don't let too many people ride in the plane. I'll be honest with you. I don't want to wear out.

Dana White: I know, brother --

Donald Trump: You know, I have very good leather. I don't want to wear it out with these guys with their jeans, with the buttons on their jeans and stuff. I don't like it. I don't like it against my leather, actually. Anyway, but when is your next fight, please?

Dana White: Abu Dhabi.

Donald Trump: We -- we need a little entertainment here?

Kyle Forgeard: Abu Dhabi card is amazing.

Donald Trump: Jon Jones. What time are we leaving tomorrow, fellas?

Unidentified: Ten in the morning. Ten.

Donald Trump: Ten. Want to come over?

Dana White: All right, I'm going to [inaudible]

Donald Trump: Dana, you know, it's too early, sleep. No, no, sleep. I'd just love to have breakfast with you. For the first time in about 10 years, I watched boxing. When you get used to the other stuff, it's very slow. Not the same thing, you know.

Kyle Forgeard: Compared to UFC.

Donald Trump: So, Dana, you are the greatest of all time. We all love you. We want to call you and break your choppers. What time do you get up in the morning generally, Dana? Like one in the afternoon?

Dana White: Eight, 8:30.

Donald Trump: You know, I talk about Biden. Here's one thing I don't have. He goes to the beach every day. You know those little aluminum chairs that -- they're meant for children and old people because they're so light. They weigh about three ounces. He puts his head back, and he's sleeping within like a minute. And I said I wish I had that ability.

Donald Trump: How about a guy goes to the beach at 82 in a bathing suit almost every day? This is not going to be a great -- do you think President Xi of China does that, Dana? I don't think so. These guys are great. I think they're extremely happy with the treatment I gave them. So long, Dana, I'll talk to you tomorrow. You're the greatest.

Dana White: Love you, buddy. Take care.

Donald Trump: So long. We got to win here. The country is finished. If she ever won, this country is finished, and I'll say that to the Nelk Boys.

Kyle Forgeard: This is our last chance.

Donald Trump: If she wins, the country is finished. It's totally finished.

Kyle Forgeard: That's why if you're watching, get up off your ass and vote. Don't just talk about it, get out and vote. That was crazy. Trump is the man.

Aaron Steinberg: There was a second, I didn't know if that was real life. I swear to God.

Kyle Forgeard: What -- what is life? I can't even believe this shit no more. Thank you, guys, seriously. I mean, this is just surreal. And shit gets crazier and crazier, but we'd be seriously nowhere without you guys just watching us for this long. It's been 12 years of Nelk, and it's all because of you guys. We might have to go celebrate.

Aaron Steinberg: We have to. Thank you, bro.

John Shahidi: Let's go.

Aaron Steinberg: This guy changed my life.

John Shahidi: Let's go.

Aaron Steinberg: Shoutout, John.