Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-george-tyrus-murdoch-outkick-october-17-2024

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: You debated Biden the first time, and you debated him the second time. How much of a difference did you notice from the two?

Donald Trump: You look at Kamala, she's worse than Biden. The next day, you remember, they announced that crime is up like 45 percent. So, I was right, but I haven't gotten an apology from David Muir. But I don't watch him anymore. I haven't gotten an apology.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: I have been so wrong about this man because I never understood why you fight the way you fight. You're a family man. [End videotape] First of all, Mr. President, thank you --

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: So much for doing this. This is a tremendous honor for me.

Donald Trump: I'm a big fan, so just so you understand it.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Well, thank you. Well, I'm glad because I've -- I've got an issue with you, and I -- really I -- and when you gave me this opportunity -- first of all, thank you for coming on the Gutfeld! show.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: It was hilarious.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: It was a lot of fun.

Donald Trump: It's a good show.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: And I -- I actually owe you an apology before we start. I've been very critical about you, how you fight all -- all through the campaigns. I voted for you because I like policy.

Donald Trump: Right.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: I didn't know you as a man. And I think when you don't understand what a man fights for, you can get lost, especially with all the noise we're seeing from fake news, etc., created these pictures for me.

Donald Trump: There is noise.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: So, Gutfeld! show is over. Cameras are off. We go backstage, and I expected you to be like every politician or anybody I've ever -- celebrity I've bodyguard for, and you met my family, and you talked to my daughter. My daughter is 10 years old. Her name is Georgie. You guys talked for 20 minutes. If I didn't -- if nobody knew, you could have been her grandfather.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: And you were talking about her horses and her dreams. And I was sitting there, and I was like I have been so wrong about this man because I never understood why you fight the way you fight. You're a family man.

Donald Trump: Yeah, I am. Well, I am.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: You're a father.

Donald Trump: And your daughter is gorgeous, really, and your wife, the whole thing. I mean, you have got some setup, I'll tell you, but your family is great and you're great, and you've really done something, and you've captured a certain spirit. You know, a friend of mine who's very smart, he's also a very big guy, he said, "Because I'm big and strong, people think I'm not the smartest guy."

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Oh, I know.

Donald Trump: OK? You are a really smart guy, and I see it and I've watched it, and I like the show. And we have the privilege of having had the highest rating in the history of the show when I did it a couple of weeks ago. That was his highest rating.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Of all time.

Donald Trump: Of all time, yeah.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: We beat network television.

Donald Trump: You beat everybody.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: And they were up 35 million homes.

Donald Trump: That's right. That's right.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: And -- and it was a landslide.

Donald Trump: Yup.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Now, you're -- you're putting it on me. I'm throwing it back to you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Why do we not hear more about Donald Trump the father, the grandfather? And the -- I -- I did a deep dive. There are some things you have done that when they say those horrible things like he's Hitler, he's a racist, did they not forget, in 1991, what you did with Nelson Mandela?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Would you care to share that because I would love to hear that.

Donald Trump: I never talk about it.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: No, you do not. And I know why. Because you're a man.

Donald Trump: Yeah. I mean, I just have great relationships with a lot of people. People say that, you know, a little bit like you do. I don't think it's a narrative the press likes. Maybe it's not even a narrative that I should have. We have to protect our country, and maybe we should let the -- the other side -- I don't even call them the enemy.

Donald Trump: I think we have more of an enemy from within than we do from outside. You know, if you have a smart president -- they talk about China and Russia and everything else. If you have a smart president, they're not going to be the problem. We have a bigger problem from within, and they hate it. I noticed, today, they were saying, "He said the enemy from within."

Donald Trump: Of course, it's Adam Schiff. These are bad people. These are sick people and bad people. And it's true. But I think it's a narrative that they don't like. Frankly, I think the fake news -- a term, I think, I came up with. I'm very proud.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Oh, you did. You coined it.

Donald Trump: It's not tough.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: You should probably trademark it, but, you know, I'm not going to --

Donald Trump: Yeah, I should --

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: I'm not going to give you business tips.

Donald Trump: But, you know, it's -- it's funny because it's a great term, but it's actually not strong enough because it's beyond fake, it's really bad.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Nelson Mandela and 80 of his successors were trying to come to the United States.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: The United States government wasn't helping him. No one was helping him. You chartered a 727 plane for their entire trip.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: How was somebody -- and it's crazy because you can talk about anything and you -- why is it hard for you to talk about the things you've done? It runs in your family. Your father helped build a synagogue. I mean, why do we not know those things?

Donald Trump: It's something that I've never -- I -- I love doing it. I don't need praise for it. I -- I don't -- we all like a certain level of praise, but I've never -- I just like helping people. I help a lot of people and I enjoy doing it and I never talk -- it's nice that you bring it up. I also think it's not a narrative that the press likes talking about for me.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: But I think it would help a lot of the American people who have been misled, I, myself, included. Now, listen, I'm voting for you now because of the man you are, not just because of the policies, because not every American will get the opportunity that I had to saw who you were backstage. And that's why I have this list.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: I mean, I can -- I have testimonials. I -- we can't go through all of them because of the time.

Donald Trump: I want to see them.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Now, this was -- this was --

Donald Trump: I want to see.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: I had to dig deep.

Donald Trump: I like that.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: You donated $100,000 to raise dogs. You're not even a dog guy.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Explain that.

Donald Trump: Well, that's Lara. So, I have a wonderful -- the wife of -- of Eric, and she's a terrific person. You know, she's actually now a very big -- an important person in the -- in getting elected in the Republican Party, comes from North Carolina. She loves the dogs, and I did that in her honor, actually. And, you know, if you listen to her, boy, dogs are treated very badly.

Donald Trump: There are, you know, some evil people having to do even with dogs.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Yeah.

Donald Trump: So, I did that for my daughter-in-law, yeah, more so than me. I don't know that much about dogs, but I want to take care of them and I had an opportunity. You know, as president, you can do a lot of things. I did a lot at the size of the kennels, the size of the -- you know, there's like cages that they're in, and they're -- it's terrible.

Donald Trump: It's like you have no room, no nothing. And she came in with a whole group of people. These are people that really fight hard for dogs. I mean, you have people that fight. And she's a good person, so I did it for her.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: I have hundreds, hundreds of employees who have said things like you've paid medical bills, you've -- you've paid mortgages, rents you've helped get family members. There's -- there's one story in here, though, where a brother came in with a business plan. Nobody would hear him. You gave him 10 minutes. You shook his hand, and you cut him a check.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Why is it so hard for you and even your team -- I'm a little upset. These are things that I think the American people need to know.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible]

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: And I get it, you're humble, because you're a father first --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: And a grandfather. And that's something -- again, one thing we need in this country is we need a father figure again. We need -- husbands and -- and boyfriends and young men need to -- we need to see that fathers are capable of great things because we've dealt with, especially in the last three and a half years --

Donald Trump: Right.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: A complete dismemberment of what it is to be a man. We're under attack for everything.

Donald Trump: We are. Well, actually, manhood --

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Yes.

Donald Trump: Is under attack.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I see things that are so beautiful. And the next day, I see they're knocking the hell out of somebody for doing something that a day before I said, "What a wonderful thing." No, we have to get back a little bit more. You know, the other thing under attack is religion. Religion was like the glue that kept this country together.

Donald Trump: And so many people are mocking it now. They mock it. And it just kept our country together. But it's absolutely under attack, and under attack by this administration. And you look at Kamala, she's worse than Biden. Biden is -- is -- he's out of it, OK?

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Oh, yeah.

Donald Trump: But she's -- she's actually not as smart as Biden. Biden was smarter than her. I think to this day, he is. And I don't think the country can take a chance on having her. I think it's a tremendous -- I don't even think it's a chance.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Well, let me ask you --

Donald Trump: I think it would be a disaster.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Let me ask you the question that was posed to her last night that she, well, refused to answer. You debated Biden the first time and you debated him the second time. How much of a difference did you notice from the two?

Donald Trump: So -- are you talking about her and him or --

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: No.

Donald Trump: Are you talking about just him?

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: I'm like -- this is interviews about you. No, I'm not --

Donald Trump: Well, he -- he was different. I -- I think he had a really bad night. I don't think --

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Cognitively?

Donald Trump: He had a -- I don't know. He had a really bad -- the second time.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I think he had a really bad time of it. So, I debated him before and he was OK. Look, I hit him hard. I asked him about $3.5 million. Remember when Chris Wallace was protecting him? Chris Wallace is not doing so well. Chris Wallace is not Mike. But I asked him about the three and a half given to him by the mayor of Moscow's wife.

Donald Trump: I said, "How do you -- how do you justify this?" And then I always have two or three people to debate. The last time, I had David Muir.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: I call them interventions.

Donald Trump: Oh, they're terrible.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Well, David Muir, I said, "Crime is through the roof. It's way up." And he said, "No, it's not. It's way down. The FBI said so." Well, the FBI didn't include a lot of places.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Funny how that is.

Donald Trump: Yeah. The next day, you remember, they announced that crime is up like 45 percent. So, I was right, but I haven't gotten an apology from David Muir. But I don't watch him anymore. I haven't gotten an apology. No, I think Biden -- look, the debate he had was not great, but I -- I think that he's a step above her, actually.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Speaking of apologies, the -- the brave men and women on the border, especially the Horse division --

Donald Trump: Yeah. Oh, yeah.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: That their lives were put in shambles.

Donald Trump: Sure.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: One of the things I have on my policy list was that would you consider giving them a day at the White House, a moment to be recognized in some way?

Donald Trump: Are we talking where we're saying about the whip or something else --

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Whipping, yes.

Donald Trump: Which didn't exist?

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Not just them, but their families.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: When the president of the United States comes out --

Donald Trump: Oh, you do it.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: And condemns them --

Donald Trump: You do it. You set it up. We win, I'm there because I said, we have to win. If we don't win, we're not going to have a country. You're right, they were -- they were brutalized. You know, it's interesting. These people are not smart, but they're vicious. They're very vicious, and you see it. It's like fascist.

Donald Trump: It's like Marxist. I don't know what the hell it is, but the level -- look at -- look at me, the -- the -- the weaponization of the Justice Department, nobody's ever seen anything like it.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: America -- again, this is not hyperbole. This is a guy -- I don't -- I don't fly private jets. I fly every airport I go to all over the country. Four years ago --

Donald Trump: Are you able to use like one seat because you are --

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Yeah, first class. First class, of course, yes.

Donald Trump: First class, one seat.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Yeah, one seat. Yeah.

Donald Trump: Well, that means you have to stay wealthy, right?

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Well -- or keep billing Fox, one or the other. Yeah.

Donald Trump: Well, that's even better.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: But yeah.

Donald Trump: I like that even better.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Yeah. You know, outsource the bill. But again, it just -- it -- when I think about the verbiage and the things that are said about you, even after -- we don't even know how many assassination attempts there has been, but we know two. One of the things that I -- and I was -- that when you -- in that moment, when you stood up and you yelled, "fight, fight, fight," again, that's where I'm seeing the father.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: It wasn't about you. It was letting your family know you're OK and you're more concerned about the people. But yet, I'm still waiting for the interview to talk to you about that. Why are you -- why are we not sharing in that? That was a tremendous moment. I was in Oklahoma doing a stand-up show, and I thought I was going to cancel because I wasn't leaving the TV screen because I'm watching an assassin attempt on our president.

Donald Trump: You were not -- people were watching that. There's no question about it. That was a big deal.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: But I went anyways to the show thinking no one would come, and they came. And instead of doing a stand-up show, I did a Q&A to talk about it. And there was a lot of veterans --

Donald Trump: Wow. Wow.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: That were there that were talking about how much they support you and they believe in you and that they were -- and they were generally concerned. But they said they had no fear because when they saw you stand, you stood for them. Speak -- because veterans, our police --

Donald Trump: Right.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Our first responders have been -- forget the moral outrage of how they're treated.

Donald Trump: They've been brutalized.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: The defunding, stuff like that.

Donald Trump: Sure.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: And you have been doing some stuff with taxes.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Now, I did a little bit -- and I'm not a mathematician --

Donald Trump: Right.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: But I did a little bit of checking. One of the things or one of the policies -- like would you consider thinking about for our veterans, for those who serve, for those who are our police department to where their taxation is the fact that they're giving their bodies to this country, instead of having to pay taxes? No one ever -- none of these cities want to give them raises, so at least let them keep their money.

Donald Trump: You know, I've never heard that before, and it's like a very interesting thing. It's -- it's the kind of thing you would think of, right, because they have been treated so terribly.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: It's going to take more than a hug.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: We need to -- and here's the deal. If you're looking at serving in this country in the military or police officer or firefighter and you're like you're young and you're coming up and you don't have to pay taxes because you're paying --

Donald Trump: Right.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: It's almost an incentive to where we can get people interested.

Donald Trump: And other countries do that, as you know.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Yeah. Yeah.

Donald Trump: Other countries do that --

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Of course, they do.

Donald Trump: In spades. Yeah, it's something I would think about. You know, it's something that nobody ever brought up. I've never heard it. It's interesting you're bringing it up. You're like my tax person there. But yeah, I mean, it -- something has to be done.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Yes.

Donald Trump: And we have to attract --

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: And I think you're the president to do it.

Donald Trump: Well, the military is now not attracting people. They're not going in. And I think it's because they don't respect the people at the top, the commanding officer. I mean, they're not -- the commander in chief is not -- I think you have to have -- we were not having this problem five years ago. We -- we have problems in the military right now.

Donald Trump: You know, the one thing I will say, though, and I tell this story, we really did a great job with our military. I rebuilt the military, right? And we got rid of ISIS. And I got to know them during this very short period of time. It was supposed to take five years. We did it in about a month. Remember that?

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Yup.

Donald Trump: And I got to know the real military, not these guys that are woke and that are like -- you know, like -- I -- should I mention them? [Inaudible]

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: I don't think we'd get it with the woke.

Donald Trump: No, no.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Yeah. I'm knowing. Trust me.

Donald Trump: With Milley and his of statements.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Yes.

Donald Trump: And I mean, look, I guess Mattis is a nice guy, but we have people in there that are much different, not the people on television, the people that got rid of ISIS quickly. I was told it was going to take five years, and we did it in a matter of literal weeks. And I said, "This is a great military." And by the way, they're not woke.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: No.

Donald Trump: You could never make them woke. These are guys -- you will never ever make them woke, but they did a great job, great job.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Now, you brought us Space Force.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: And -- and with now partnering with Elon Musk and stuff, I think --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: We're going to have some great things. But one of the things I've been very critical of for this administration is that I think we need to have a school force. We need to make our schools hard targets. And there's no -- again, looking for employment for our servicemen when they come out because I feel like what's happening in our schools is in the police thing, it's a military thing because they need to be -- they are trained to look for these signs and stuff.

Donald Trump: Right.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: If we had military -- not necessarily military, but they'll be coming over. If we use social workers, military, police, and we each [Inaudible] has their own --

Donald Trump: So, let me ask you this, so what about teachers that are in the military and they're teachers, they leave the military, they become history teachers, they become math teachers, and they're in the room and they get to know the students and they know how to use a -- you can't have people that don't have any idea about what to do with guns.

Donald Trump: But people that were in the military that are in the classroom and they have access to guns, whether it's on them or in a little safe or something. You know, the problem is if it's in a safe, it takes a long time --

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Right.

Donald Trump: To get it, right, so, you know. But sometimes, I think -- and I've heard that and I've thought about it a lot, and in some ways, I like that more than just having police standing someplace in the building. Do you like that idea? It would be a small percentage of the teachers, like 5 percent.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But that would be much more than you would ever have with --

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Anything is better than nothing. Our banks are safer than our schools.

Donald Trump: Yeah, yeah.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: And our greatest investment are our kids.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: So, I have an issue with that, and I -- I know -- here's the deal. I've learned a lot about this administration trying to get things done and talking to people. I speak with a lot of mayors in a lot of my travels and stuff.

Donald Trump: Right. Right.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: And this administration was supposed to be all about the environment and the Green New Deal and all that crap, but it's amazing. So, I --

Donald Trump: You notice how that stopped? I'm in the middle of a campaign -- hopefully the end of a campaign, and it's going to be successful. But we're in a campaign, nobody ever talks about the environment. They don't talk about it. They want clean air. They want clean water. This green new scam is the worst thing that's ever happened.

Donald Trump: They're destroying our -- you know, the windmills all over the place. You fly over these gorgeous areas, you got windmills going all over.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: And you're not going to have any birds around. And the ones in the ocean are messing up the whales. Windmills were great back when we all had buggy whips.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: The carts.

Donald Trump: Yeah. They -- they were much nicer than --

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Actually, they were actually much nicer. No, when you think of what they've done, though, with all of the money that they spent, trillions and trillions of dollars -- China does nothing, by the way, just so you understand.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: No, China, India, absolutely not.

Donald Trump: No, they don't do anything. And by the way, that flies right over our country. You do understand?

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Those winds, four and a half days, it's over. So, here we are. It costs us twice to make a product, three times, four times, five times, and we're trying to keep everything nice and clean, but the wind is flying in from China, India, and every place else. It's crazy, isn't it?

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Well, one of the things, the EP, OK? One of the things that I was -- because living in Louisiana, we have a horrible problem with sewage --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: And the water overfills --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: And things like that. And the budget for -- these mayors have this budget for the sewage. And -- but yet nothing's ever done, right? These engineers and their -- their -- their plans are based on how much money they get, as opposed to solving the problem.

Donald Trump: That's right.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: So, Mike Rowe told me about a company.

Donald Trump: Good guy.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Oh, yeah. Mike -- let me put my glasses on. I want to get this right.

Donald Trump: I can't believe you wear glasses, huh?

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Fifty.

Donald Trump: Huh?

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Sewer Sentry, right? Brad Colbert, I believe that you knew his father --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: From the Texas Rangers.

Donald Trump: Yup. That's true.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: So, they have -- they -- they came up with this little tiny invention. It's like this -- looks like a mushroom, a little ball on it. And when you put it in the manholes, it separates the gas, and the little ball comes up and the water can't come out of the manhole. So, it doesn't -- the sewage water doesn't spill into overflows.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: It costs a quarter. You don't need a committee for it. You don't need -- you just put them in. I think it -- I think one city was like a quarter of $1 million, as opposed to the $20 million they spent. And it pays for itself in a year and it's done. So, here I am in Louisiana going, "Oh, this is great."

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: And, oh, we have to form a committee. We have to do this. [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Well, you have a great new governor in Louisiana. I bet you, he'd take a look at it because your new governor, a Republican --

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Is -- he was the attorney general. Now, he's a governor. So, if you give me that, I'll send it to him, OK?

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Well, thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: Sounds good, right?

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Yeah. And --

Donald Trump: Why, is that something -- I mean, it's a big problem in --

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: It's a problem everywhere.

Donald Trump: Uh-huh.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Our -- our drinking water, you know, the fluoride in it. We're seeing -- and then now, we're seeing sewage. And it's a lot of autoimmune diseases --

Donald Trump: That is -- that is not --

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Are happening with our kids.

Donald Trump: If you -- if you give me, I will send it, and I'll bet you get action.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Yeah. It was -- I moved. I moved. One, because my daughter is in equestrian now and I had to move to New Jersey. But -- but we eventually had to move because not only that, what we're seeing with the hurricane storms, the insurance companies jacking it up. Now, I'm blessed to have -- make a good living, but I'm not paying $300,000 a year --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: In house taxes. So, I made --

Donald Trump: Insurance is one of the biggest increases, and it's happened in the last four years. People are going crazy with the insurance costs. And I -- I say what about self-insurance? You know, sometimes, people are better off with self-insurance. They can't afford the insurance. And then the problem is when you need the insurance, they don't want to pay and they negotiate, right? They say, "We're not going to pay you," and you end up getting $0.05 on the dollar.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Exactly.

Donald Trump: It's a problem. It's a real problem.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: And, you know, I know you have a million things to do, but father to a grandfather, I would like to ask you a question.

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: I made a mistake with my child, my daughter, when she wanted to get into equestrian. I was supposed to tell her she was allergic -- I didn't do that -- to horses because it's -- it's expensive, it's unbelievable. And you guys talked a lot about it. Now, my daughter is now going to Wilmington [ph] Florida to compete --

Donald Trump: OK.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: And I had to move the horses down there.

Donald Trump: So, she's very good, right?

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Very good. Like, I'm -- I'm in.

Donald Trump: That's good.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: I'm in.

Donald Trump: Good.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Yeah. After this is over, I'll be sweeping this place up.

Donald Trump: Good.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: For every extra --

Donald Trump: Good.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: But you're -- now, your granddaughters and your family, they ride horses as well? They do equestrian?

Donald Trump: Not too much. They like it. They do it, maybe a little bit, but not -- not like your daughter. No, your daughter is supposed to be very -- like you, a talented athlete, right?

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Yeah, yeah.

Donald Trump: You can see it. No, I've heard that.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Yeah, my son plays baseball in the travel leagues. I'm the GL. The way I look at it, you're the first one in, last one to leave, daddy invest.

Donald Trump: Right.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: I just forgot to put [Inaudible] summer camp.

Donald Trump: Because baseball -- yeah.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: A little cheaper.

Donald Trump: A little bit less.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: It never ends, though.

Donald Trump: No, but it never ends.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: No. But we're going to be in Wilmington [ph]. How far is Wilmington [ph] from Mar-a-Lago?

Donald Trump: So, Wilmington [ph] is about 20 minutes away.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Is there -- can I get a group rate?

Donald Trump: Yes, you're -- no, you're going to come over. We're going to have dinner with your daughter and your family, your wife. We're going to come over and have dinner. But do you mean, Wellington or Wilmington?

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Wilmington [ph]. I can't -- I say it wrong because if you -- I just paid to have the horses --

Donald Trump: Right. Right.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Moved. So, it's a little traumatic for me.

Donald Trump: Yeah, it could be. But it's -- either one is about, yeah, 20, 25 minutes. So, come over. I'd love to have you on.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: No, but you're a terrific guy. Look, it's -- that show has caught on and the whole group is -- is great. But I just -- I've always watched you. You always were defending me, and a lot of people don't defend me, and I like people that defend me because I think I'm doing the right thing, and we have a lot of bad people in our country.

Donald Trump: You know, we have a lot of people that -- you almost say they must hate our country because what they do is so bad for our country. But I just have always appreciated it.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Well, I'm not allergic to straight talk.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: And every man of consequence that I learned from in my life never bullshitted nothing with me, whether it was Dusty Rhodes, whether it was my football coaches, whether it was -- anybody I was with, they always told it to me straight, even when I didn't like what I wanted to hear, because I always believed everybody can handle bad news and good news, but no news and bullshit -- don't piss down my back, as my grandmother used to say --

Donald Trump: Right. Right.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: And tell me it's raining. And that's one thing that you have never done. You always -- if you don't want to hear it -- because the American people can accept bad news, because when we know how bad it is, then we can look forward to getting it better, and that's -- in this age of endorsements.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: You know, that's why you have my endorsement, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: I appreciate it.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: You can take that cup of coffee and do whatever you want with it.

Donald Trump: No, no, no, it means a lot to me. It does.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: But --

Donald Trump: You know, I think this is going to be the most important election in the history of our country.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: I agree.

Donald Trump: Because our country is going bad. You know, I hate to say -- our -- I wouldn't do this with just politics. Our country is going bad. The things we do. I mean, men playing in women's sports, OK?

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Not -- absolutely not.

Donald Trump: As -- as crazy as -- and let's not say it's the most -- but it's just crazy, the whole concept. Having no borders. Having elections where you're not allowed to ask somebody whether or not they happen to live in the country. Just anybody can walk in.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's really wacky. And we're going to get it changed, Tyrus.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: I believe that. Well, now, one -- I have to ask this because you're -- you're -- you love sports almost as much as I do, especially boxing.

Donald Trump: Yeah, I do.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: And -- and --

Donald Trump: I -- I love -- I love it.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Do you miss not being able to do all that stuff? Because, like, WrestleMania IV and V are part of my childhood.

Donald Trump: Right.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Inspired me to end up becoming a wrestler. I thank you and Gutfeld for that.

Donald Trump: I did -- I did that -- I mean, in the WWE Hall of Fame.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Yes, you are.

Donald Trump: And Dana is a good friend of mine with UFC. What a job he's done, right? Dana White is -- he's like an incredible guy. And yeah, I was always involved. And then I remember, in those days -- well, Hulk is a great guy.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Yeah.

Donald Trump: You have to say.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Yeah.

Donald Trump: He was great.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Then when he ripped his shirt off, and then listen, I was Mr. Wonderful Paul Orndorff guy --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: But I got it. But that was -- I think that was a great moment. And so, you are very -- you're very quick and you -- you can talk trash with the best of them.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Who was the biggest influence, was it Don King or Muhammad Ali? Because your style is like ours. Like you -- when you come to talking trash -- and I know you -- you hung out with those guys. I know a lot of -- I did the search.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: I know that you have been --

Donald Trump: No, I was --

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: It's almost -- it's hilarious after reading and the stuff I saw, and I just saw a little bit. There was -- it's hard to find. But you have been a regular guy with -- you never cared what color somebody was --

Donald Trump: No.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Or -- or who they slept with. All you cared was the content of their character and if they could do the damn job or not.

Donald Trump: They were both friends of mine. Now, Don King is still alive, you know.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Yeah.

Donald Trump: He's 92 years old.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Yeah.

Donald Trump: He lives in Florida. He's a great guy. He endorsed me, very strongly endorsed. He said, "You got to vote for Trump." And I probably spoke to him a week ago maybe, and he was great. Very different guys. But there's nobody -- Don King -- each incredible. Don King, nobody like that. And Muhammad Ali, nobody liked that.

Donald Trump: These were two unique people. You know, Don King was a tough cookie, too.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Oh, yeah.

Donald Trump: He beat the hell out of people. Unfortunately, it cost him a lot.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But he was a tough guy -- he was a tough guy, but he's a big supporter. Muhammad Ali was actually a friend of mine.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Yup.

Donald Trump: I knew him pretty well. He was amazing, actually. He was amazing. And, you know, you -- you look at some of the fights. Sonny Liston had no chance of being beaten, and he got beaten badly, twice.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Oh, yeah.

Donald Trump: And then when you look at George Foreman, another really good guy, but he just had George Foreman.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: George Foreman, at that time, was bulletproof.

Donald Trump: He -- bulletproof. Remember when he fought three guys and knocked him out?

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: I was a little young, but I remember that -- that --

Donald Trump: He fought three -- he fought three guys one night, and he -- but -- but the third guy -- and Muhammad Ali was watching. The third guy, he was getting a lot of tired, you know. And never -- what --

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: What's your favorite -- what was your favorite all-time big prize fight that you were at?

Donald Trump: Well, believe it or not, I was at Madison Square Garden. I think it was -- I think it was Ali-Frazier I.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Oh, so you were there. That's, in my opinion, the most historic fight of all time.

Donald Trump: I was there as a young guy, a very young guy. And I remember, there were many heart attacks. Can you believe it? They had heart attacks. Men -- I heard -- I don't even want to say because it sounds ridiculous, but there were a lot of heart -- it was the craziest evening. Two undefeated legendary fighters.

Donald Trump: They were both undefeated. And it was brutal. And that was the days of the 15-round fight, you know.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Yeah, when they had the fight.

Donald Trump: And -- and I can't say it because, you know, look, I'm not in the ring, but those fights were better, you know, that -- those extra three rounds. I mean --

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Well, that was the -- that was the championship rounds.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: When they say 11 to 12 [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: They were the championships. Right.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Now -- now, how are you dressed for that because it was the '70s and there was wild, crazy. Now, you've always been kind of -- you've never been a big fad, but did you have -- was it just the suit or did you have the jacket?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I -- I think just pretty normal, but I was a very young guy.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But in terms of an event, I think that was maybe the greatest event.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: That was the first Super Bowl.

Donald Trump: But now, you have Dana White, who's done such a great job with the UFC. I don't know the boxing, unless something happens, the boxing doesn't look the same as it did.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Fighting over in Saudi Arabia is not the same thing, with all due respect.

Donald Trump: No, no, but it's -- he's done a great job with the UFC. Would you ever do the UFC stuff?

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Watch it? Yeah.

Donald Trump: No, from years ago.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Oh, years ago? Yeah, if it was available [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Can you take the shots to the face? Because a lot of --

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Oh, I'm not going to get hit in the face. I had a one-shot. Most of my fights were over in about five or six seconds.

Donald Trump: Well, that's good.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: That's the weird thing would be fighting one guy. Usually, I had to fight three or four in clubs. So -- but those days are behind me.

Donald Trump: I asked Dan Gable. So, he was probably the greatest wrestler of that type, right? And he was fantastic. I said, "Would you have done well in the UFC," if -- you know, if they had it then. And he said, "No, because I could never -- I would never let people hit me in the face." You know, it's a whole different -- it's a whole different culture, frankly.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Well [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: You can get hit in the face --

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: In the wrestling background like his is --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Is a [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Lot of --

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: I think Kurt Angle would have been tremendous --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Had he, you know, not broke his neck and stuff, but I -- I know you -- I could keep you here forever and I'm getting the -- the circles and the do-offs [ph]. And I -- Mr. President, thank you. This --

Donald Trump: I would only do this one for you. You don't know what's going on. I am having -- I make -- I'm the keynote speaker --

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Yes.

Donald Trump: At the biggest dinner in New York probably of the year, and I had a choice. I was going to walk in and say, "Could you do me a favor? Could I do this interview tomorrow or maybe next week?" And I said I'm not doing it to Tyrus. And I got people over at the big hotel, and that room is packed, and everybody's wearing white tie, not black tie.

Donald Trump: I don't like wearing white tie, but it's white tie, and it's waiting for me. And I said, you know what, I got to do it with Tyrus because I respect him. And Tyrus has always -- I tell you -- your people, he's always stuck up for me when maybe it wasn't the thing to do and he's always there. So, I'm here for you. And I'm a little late, but that's OK.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: I would -- I would have waited till tomorrow, sir, but I'm glad you did it today.

Donald Trump: Thank you, man. Special guy.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Best of luck to you.

Donald Trump: Take care of yourself.

George 'Tyrus' Murdoch: Yes, sir. Thank you.