Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-monica-crowley-podcast-august-29-2024

Monica Crowley: My great honor and privilege to welcome back the champion of the forgotten men and women of our great country, the fiercest warrior we have ever had, and the best president of our lifetimes, the 45th and 47th president of the United States, Donald J. Trump. Hi, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Hi, Monica. Hi. Nice to talk to you.

Monica Crowley: Hi. Well, it's always an honor and a pleasure to talk with you, too. So thank you so much for joining me. Let's start with the left's weaponization of government with you being their main target. You just survived an assassination attempt, and you're leading in the polls. So, of course, they indicted you again, even though the Supreme Court ruled on presidential immunity.

Monica Crowley: So, first, sir, your reaction to this new wave of election interference. And second, as president, how will you deal with this deeply corrupt legal system, the DOJ, the FBI, and all of these out of control judges and prosecutors who have leveraged the system for political ends refuse to fairly enforce the law and abuse their power.

Donald Trump: Well, people have no idea how corrupt the system is. It comes out of the White House. In this case, it just -- it is deep seated, but it really, really comes out of the White House. And when you look at it, it's a disgrace, it's a disgrace. They have -- they go after me for nothing for -- it's interesting.

Donald Trump: Like election interference, when they rigged the election, they go after me for things that nobody would ever even think about. You know, legal scholars have looked at these cases and said this is ridiculous, but they go with them anyway. They want to get you bad publicity so that you can -- you know, so it's harder to get elected.

Donald Trump: The good news is I think the American public sees it. We had another one come down yesterday, which we won. We thought we won the case. We thought the case was essentially over. And this guy, deranged Jack Smith, who's a deranged prosecutor, who's lost a lot of cases, vicious cases, and hurt a lot of people, this guy came down with another one yesterday, trying to rejigger the case that he lost.

Donald Trump: And it's a disgrace. And it's all headed up by Kamala Harris in the White House and -- and Biden. I guess maybe Biden now is gone. Who knows? Nobody knows where he is. We don't even have a president. But it's a shame when you see what happens. And I would think it influences people now. So far, it's been driving the polls up a little bit.

Donald Trump: But, you know, it's -- I think, you know, they only do it for election. It's called election interference. It's used a lot in third-world countries. Never used here until now. But now, it's been used. I mean, I have like nine different lawsuits, all of them coordinated with the White House.

Monica Crowley: You know, you mention Biden, who is a nonentity, Mr. President, and Kamala Harris, who's also a cipher and a nonentity. And it seems to me that when I look at the Jack Smiths, I look at Merrick Garland, I look at Lisa Monaco, who's number two at DOJ. I look at -- at Juan Merchan, the corrupt judge in New York City, they all seem to be somehow connected to Barack Obama.

Monica Crowley: So, while we talk about Biden and Harris, the Obama machine is behind a lot of this, is it not?

Donald Trump: Well, I assume so. Lisa Monaco runs the cases in New York, and she's close to Weissmann. She does whatever Weissmann tells her to do. And -- but she's really doing it for Kamala. And she's been working with Kamala for a long time. You know, Biden, I don't know if Biden knows he's alive. She's been working with -- with Kamala for a long time because that's Kamala's business.

Donald Trump: She destroyed San Francisco. She destroyed -- I mean, think of what she did to California. California is not even livable anymore. And she -- and she's the one that started the ball rolling -- ball rolling. And it's a -- it's a disgraceful situation. The -- it's called the weaponization of government.

Donald Trump: That's what they've done. Never done it like they did to me. I won the big case, as you know, about two weeks ago in Florida and very conclusively won it. And I'll win the other stuff, too. But I'll win -- some of it has to be on appeals because we have judges that are totally corrupt. They're in areas where a Republican can't win, to be honest.

Donald Trump: A Republican just about can't win, doesn't matter. And it's a -- it's a disgraceful situation. We've never had it this way before, but we have it now. And, you know, it takes time, it takes effort, and you spend money. Instead of on commercials, you spend money for lawyers. And so, it's -- you know, it's a very -- it's a very dangerous situation.

Donald Trump: And that can revert back, you know, that can revert to the other side, too. I didn't like the idea, the concept of Hillary Clinton going to prison. I can tell you that. And she should have gone to prison for what she did. But to take -- you know, you're trying to unify the country, to take the president's wife and put her in prison, I didn't think that was a very good look, to be honest with you.

Donald Trump: And then, I come in. And they -- they just -- they just don't stop. And this is outside radical left people like Andrew Weissmann. There's a couple of other people that I won't even mention their names. They don't deserve it. But we have the whole list. And they control -- they have total control over Lisa Monaco.

Donald Trump: And she's running, you know, the DOJ. I don't believe it's Garland. I believe it's Monaco. And, you know, she's -- they're -- they're Trump haters. They have Trump derangement syndrome, let's put it this way. And the reason is I won a race that they didn't think was going to happen. We got them by surprise, and then they fought a different kind of a battle.

Donald Trump: In 2020, we did better. I got many more -- millions more votes, but it was a very corrupt election, as you know. Well, you see it yesterday with Facebook coming out and saying they did whatever the DOJ wanted us to do and the FBI. And they lied like hell. And I would think they'd have liability. I mean, somebody's got to have liability here.

Donald Trump: It's just -- it's -- it's ridiculous. My lawyers tell me that they might not have -- you know, maybe I should talk to other people because I just can't even believe it. Somebody -- I mean, he came out and he said he hid things. He -- you know, the laptop, the laptop from hell. He -- he hid that. You take a look at the 51 intelligence agents where they all knew it wasn't, but they said it was Russian disinformation.

Donald Trump: And they said I had a 10-point swing in the polls. I lost by a tiny little fraction, a fraction of 1 percent, you know, like one-eighth of 1 percent. It's -- it's just a disgrace. Our country is so corrupt. We have a corrupt country, whether you like hearing it or not. And it's one thing I taught people.

Donald Trump: They used to think that the elections were honest and the borders were sealed. Now, they know the borders are an open sieve that's destroying our country, and the elections are dishonest as hell. We ought to go to paper ballots. We ought to go to same-day voting. One thing, you know, these votes started in January -- on September 6th.

Donald Trump: They started a couple of weeks. And they go forever. And where are these votes being stored? And, you know, who -- who's storing them? Why are they being moved around? You know, why did -- they say, "Why are those moved?" "Oh, well, we're just moving them. We're fixing the area." It's a disgrace what's going on in this country with the votes.

Donald Trump: If we had an honest vote -- like California, they send out millions and millions of ballots, millions. Everything is sent out. You know, Jimmy Carter actually had a commission because they always say conspiracy theory, when I say the mail-in voting. Mail-In voting, by its nature, can't be honest. It's not honest.

Donald Trump: It's very dishonest. California sends out millions and millions of mail-in ballots. Just -- I mean, some people get seven, some people get three. And the areas that they get them are the Democrat areas. That's where they get the extra votes. In fact, Republican areas don't necessarily get votes unless they complain.

Donald Trump: And then, you automatically lose California. The Republicans should have been doing this for years. They should have been fighting this kind of stuff for years. And when COVID came along, a lot of decisions were made that were really unfair decisions. We have to get back to fair elections because the people in this country, they're not going to take it.

Donald Trump: They're not going to take it. They know what's happening. They get it.

Monica Crowley: Let's talk about an issue that brings both of those issues together, Mr. President, election integrity and the Harris no borders policy. It's not open borders, it's no borders, which, of course, now, she's trying to run away from. Do you support the SAVE Act, which would block noncitizens from voting in this election and in the future?

Monica Crowley: Do you support adding the SAVE Act to the spending bill that Congress is going to take up next month in September to try to get it into law before this election?

Donald Trump: Absolutely. And I think you should also change your elections to paper ballots. I think you should get a lot of things for that. You know, that's a big deal. When they extend that bill, they'll extend it again and again and again. And they ought to -- the Republicans ought to try and get some things for a change that, you know, the House and the Senate, they ought to go for getting things.

Donald Trump: They don't get anything. They extend everything. And then, it comes to -- let's say I win the election. Then, you know where it comes due, Monica? It comes due for me. And the Democrats don't extend, they don't extend. They play a different game. They play a much different game. So, that's what they ought to do, and we'll see what they do.

Donald Trump: But the -- the -- if they don't get the SAVE Act, if they don't get much tougher than the SAVE Act -- the SAVE Act is just one element. They ought to go into a whole thing where you want to have borders, they ought to focus on borders. You know, the House bill that was passed, that's the real bill that should be passed.

Donald Trump: But they -- you know, the original one, and not this horrible one that was foisted upon us by some people that had a bad day. But they ought to focus on borders and elections. And if you can't get the borders right and if you can't get the elections right, they ought to close it up, just close it up and let it sit.

Monica Crowley: You know, on the SAVE Act, Mr. President, it was reported a couple of days ago that Senate minority leader, Mitch McConnell, opposes including it in the spending bill. So, if that is true, I guess he wants illegals voting in huge numbers, which would likely mean your defeat. So, what would you like to say to Senator McConnell and other Republicans who might oppose this?

Monica Crowley: And if they don't get it into the bill, would you support shutting down the government over it?

Donald Trump: I would shut down the government in a heartbeat if they don't get it and if they don't get it in the bill. And, you know, part of the problem is we had -- we -- they gave away trillions and trillions of dollars to these people on the green new deal, on the Inflation Reduction Act, which wasn't even meant to be for inflation reduction.

Donald Trump: They named it that so it sounded good. Now, if they don't get these bills, they should close it down and Republicans should not approve it. Now, I would disagree with them on that. You have to get -- you can get a lot -- I mean look at the debt ceiling, look what happened with debt ceiling, they extended it into the term of the next president.

Monica Crowley: So, you were calling today on Senator -- Senator --

Donald Trump: They got nothing. And by the way --

Monica Crowley: I'm sorry, sir.

Donald Trump: They got nothing for it.

Monica Crowley: Right. Are you calling on Senator McConnell?

Donald Trump: They extend it into the term of the next president and got nothing for it.

Monica Crowley: Are you calling on Senator McConnell then and all Senate Republicans to make sure -- and House Republicans, too, to make sure the SAVE Act is in the spending bill?

Donald Trump: Well, it should be in the bill. For some reason, they don't do it. They don't do things that can really help our nation. It should be in the bill. And if it's not in the bill, you ought to close it up. But you need more than the SAVE Act, you need borders, should be in the bill, real borders. Like we had, like the -- the congressional bill of a year ago.

Donald Trump: That was -- that was the real deal. And, you know, they don't -- they don't do that. It's unbelievable to me how they don't use leverage. They have such leverage, and they don't use it. So, I'm not there, but, you know, I have influence. But it seems to me, you know, they only need a small, fairly small number of Republican votes.

Donald Trump: And that's how they got all this, you know, trillions and trillions of dollars that should have never been granted, by the way. Should have never -- if I was there, well, I wouldn't be asking for it so you wouldn't have had that problem. I wouldn't have been asking for it. They loaded up the country with debt.

Donald Trump: They loaded up the country with money, and they spent it unwisely. Then, they haven't even spent it yet for the most part, they haven't spent 70 percent of it. But, no, if the SAVE Act is -- the SAVE Act is only one thing though. SAVE Act is -- is good, but you should get much more than the SAVE Act for this.

Monica Crowley: Speaking of that, you know, you mentioned the original House bill. But then the Democrats got on board and they created this other Frankenstein border bill. And Harris and the left and the media, they keep hitting you over your role in killing, what they call, the bipartisan border bill. Just so that everybody can understand, I'd love for you to please explain why that bill was so bad and needed to die.

Donald Trump: Well, I didn't kill it, but I spoke badly about it. I didn't call people and say don't vote. I could do that, I think they'd listen to me. But I didn't kill it. I just said it was a terrible bill. It allowed millions of people into our country. It made it worse than it is right now. And you don't need a bill to close the border.

Donald Trump: All you have to do is say close the border. I didn't have a bill to close the border. We had an invasion of our country. I closed the border. I had the safest border in history. And now, we have the worst border in history of any country. There's never been a country like this that has this kind of a border.

Donald Trump: It's more than an open border. It's a border where they're sending prisoners from other countries. They're sending criminals from other countries. They're drug dealers. These other countries all over the world are being emptied out of their criminals. Their jail population is being substantially reduced.

Donald Trump: And they're, you know, letting the people -- mental patients, the mental institutions are being emptied, and everybody's coming into our country. And you say that, and it's like talking to a wall. It's like even the people. I don't know. You know, I see polls where we're even. I don't know how you can be even. These people destroyed our country.

Monica Crowley: Can I ask you a related question, Mr. President, about everything that we've talked about so far? And that is public safety, which has collapsed in our cities and our communities all across the country because of Harris and the Democrats turning their back on law enforcement and those crazy leftist prosecutors we were talking about, putting violent criminals back on the streets.

Monica Crowley: It is absolute mayhem out there. And all Americans, but especially American women, are really concerned about their and their families' safety. We all want to go back to a different time in America when we felt safe like during your first four years in office. So, I want to ask you. What will you do this time to restore law and order so that American women and, in fact, all Americans will have greater safety and security?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't know, you hear about American women, but I hear that, you know, I don't do as well with American women. And yet, I'm the one that gives them safety. I don't know if that's right or not. I don't know how it's possible that I don't -- these people are -- they're nonexistent as far as -- they're worst.

Donald Trump: They actually encourage criminals. I mean, they're worse. Cashless bail, you don't have to put up any cash. Somebody murders somebody, they're back on the street an hour later murdering other people. We have a -- we're the Wild West. Our country has become the Wild West. It's just a disgrace. But people have to do about it.

Donald Trump: They have to vote for me. Look, I look at polls where we're even. I don't understand how it could be. Not -- it has nothing to do with me. I have strong borders. I have strong on crime. I have all these different things. I have low taxes. I have no men in women sports, which is a different kind of a thing.

Donald Trump: But how ridiculous is it. I have closed borders. We'll get people in, but they have to come in legally. I mean, I have all these things that are all right, and we're 50 over 50 in polls? Now I was beating Biden by a lot actually, and they took him out. You know, how about that? That's the first time that's ever happened, too.

Donald Trump: You go in, you're -- you spend $100 million, you're winning the race easily. They say this guy is not going to win the race. They go in, they take him out, and they give you somebody else in the middle of the campaign. But this is the way the country is now. Our country is in such trouble. But women are going to have to get out and vote.

Donald Trump: You know, they're not going to have safety. If they -- if they want safety, they're going to have to vote for me. That's why I said I always got the women vote, in my opinion. But maybe not, I don't know. I look at polls, and it sort of looks like we're even. And so, that means that women are voting for somebody like her, who's a Marxist.

Donald Trump: She's a radical left Marxist, and she's going to destroy the country. And women will vote for and these liberals will vote for them. And the ones that are going to get hurt the most are the liberals. They're the ones that are getting mugged all over the place. They think they're going to innocently walk out to buy a loaf of bread, and they get whacked.

Donald Trump: And yet, you know, you can't -- you can't take their vote. It's an amazing -- it's an amazing phenomenon. They want something, but they're not willing to vote for it.

Monica Crowley: Well, I will say this woman who has literally been with you day one, June of 2015 --

Donald Trump: Yup.

Monica Crowley: I've been with you. I want all American women to know that President Trump offers far greater protection for you and your family economically, your physical safety, foreign policy, the border. If you're looking for greater protection, greater safety and security, there is only one choice, and that is President Trump.

Monica Crowley: I know that I only have a couple of more minutes with you, Mr. President. I want to ask you about unity. So, we've got Elon Musk, Bobby Kennedy Jr, Tulsi Gabbard. There will be others joining and endorsing you from the other side. I know that. And you've talked about creating this unity party. Unity is something that this country desperately needs.

Monica Crowley: But is it possible to achieve unity when so many on the other side want to destroy you and the rest of us who love our country and want to destroy the country itself. Is it possible?

Donald Trump: Well, these people actually do want to destroy the country. And I've always had success because we were so successful, just prior to COVID coming in, that there was unity taking place at levels that people hadn't really seen before because we created the greatest economy in history. But, you know, it's an interesting question.

Donald Trump: You always like to say unity. But when you see the destructive policies where they have open borders, where they allow prisoners, terrorists, and mental patients to be dropped into our country and do nothing about it, they don't even remove them when they do nothing about it. When she's the border czar, but she said she wasn't the border czar.

Donald Trump: When they take advertisements out about how great her border was, and people start to believe it. You know, if you're driving a cab, if you're a carpenter, if you're an electrician, you're not into politics like you would be or I would be, Monica, and they see a commercial that -- I saw it yesterday that she did a wonderful job at the border.

Donald Trump: And they'll put that commercial on because they have a lot of money. They get a lot of money from groups that you don't want to be talking about. But they get a lot of money. And they put that commercial on over and over, people think they did a good job at the border when they've had the worst border, most dangerous border in history.

Donald Trump: Anywhere, history of the world, they've had the most dangerous border. So, you know, when you talk unity, I think it's a question for down the road because we have to save the country before we think about total unity. This country is going down, and this country is going to be another Venezuela pretty soon.

Monica Crowley: Yes, that's why we need to elect you. Two final questions for you, Mr. President, with regard to the assassination attempt. The more we see what happened that day, the more suspicious it all looks. It looks like the three-letter agencies are slow-walking a lot of this evidence, a lot of the videos, etc.

Monica Crowley: Does it look increasingly to you like this was a suspicious, maybe even inside job?

Donald Trump: Well, it's strange. The father hired the most expensive lawyer. He lives in the area and supposedly not very much money. I had the most expensive lawyer. Think of this, who's paying for this lawyer in Pennsylvania? High-end, very, very expensive lawyer, top of the line, right? You know, where does he get the money to hire a lawyer that costs hundreds of thousands of dollars? Is the lawyer doing it for free? I doubt it.

Donald Trump: Are the Democrats paying for his legal fees? Is Marc Elias involved and that group? is Weissmann involved. I don't know, maybe they are, maybe they're not. But who's paying for this lawyer? Then, you have the case of all of these apps that they can't get open. They can't get his phones open. And, you know, it's very suspicious, very suspicious.

Donald Trump: Why can't they get the apps open? Why can't the FBI get the apps open? Don't forget, the head of the FBI said I may have been hit by shrapnel or some flying glass. OK? And that was -- that was even disputed by -- all you have to do is take a look at it. They've shown it 50 different ways, 200 different ways.

Donald Trump: But that was their first. You know, he may have been hit by some shrapnel, you know, maybe just grazed by a little shrapnel. And they knew that wasn't true. So, you say, "Why did they say that? Why did the -- why did the director say that?" Because that was so far off that he met with a tremendous -- I mean, even his own side said, "You can't say that. There was no glass. I guess he said maybe the teleprompter, it's not even glass, it's something else. But it wasn't broken. But, you know, you say, "

Donald Trump: Why did he say that?" There's so many things going on here that you do have to wonder. You do have to wonder. But they have apps or they have some things, and they're foreign-based from what I understand. And you say like, "Why is it that they can't get them open?" Apple should open them easily. You know, when they were going after you and all your friends, they were able to open up their phones very easily, right? But for an assassin, they can't get their phones open.

Donald Trump: I think those phones ought to be opened by this afternoon because they're foreign-based. And I think they ought to get -- and I think they ought to find out who's paying for the lawyer, where's the money coming from. Because I wasn't thinking this way three weeks ago. But -- but the more you see it -- the more you see it, the more you start to say there could be something else, and that's really dangerous for the country.

Donald Trump: So, you know, I think they should clear up all doubt. This shouldn't be like the Kennedy where they're waiting for so many years. I'll be opening that up like in my first week. But, you know, everybody waits for it, the Kennedy assassination. This shouldn't be that. They should have all the facts. And, you know, it's harder to get the facts as time goes by.

Donald Trump: But they ought to get those phones open, and they ought to find out who he's been speaking to. That's what I think.

Monica Crowley: Well, you know, 60 years later, we're still talking about the Kennedy assassination, right?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Monica Crowley: But you were shot five or six weeks ago. And the imperial media, the regime, they've all buried it. They don't want anybody talking about it, which also lends credence to this idea that this is very suspicious --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Monica Crowley: And could have been an inside job. Before we --

Donald Trump: They don't want to talk about it.

Monica Crowley: No, of course not.

Donald Trump: They don't want to talk about it.

Monica Crowley: Of course not --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Monica Crowley: Which also raises --

Donald Trump: You know --

Monica Crowley: It raises big suspicions --

Donald Trump: Well, they didn't want to talk about the election of 2020 either.

Monica Crowley: Right.

Donald Trump: They just don't want to talk about it because they know they're guilty as hell. And the only way you can stop it -- it's amazing. People that want to have a fair election are indicted. The people that cheated on the election are allowed to keep cheating. It's -- we have a very, very corrupt section of our country, very corrupt.

Donald Trump: Very, very terrible thing. But we fight on, Monica. We fight on. But it is -- it is so bad. Think of that, though, the people that are fighting for justice and -- you know, and by the way, when they say something about the election, they end up getting rejected. Whereas you have all these Democrats in Congress and Hillary and everybody else, they could say whatever they want, Stacey Abrams, they all could say whatever they want, no problem.

Donald Trump: But if we say it, it's -- we're conspiracy theorists. It's a disgrace what's going on in our country. And we're going to have to get a lot tougher. And if they win again, I don't think we're going to have a country.

Monica Crowley: We won't. It will be over. Before we let you go, Mr. President, let me ask you sort of a big existential question. Because since the assassination attempt, you have spoken more openly about God and your faith. Do you see all of this as a spiritual battle? I mean, of course it's Trump versus Harris, Trump versus the regime, Trump versus the system.

Monica Crowley: But more personally, do you see this as -- because a lot of people believe you were protected that day and really throughout your life by the hand of God. Did you feel his presence that day? And do you feel the hand of God on your life?

Donald Trump: Well, I do because it's either the greatest miracle or you're the luckiest person in history because there was no way that that -- you know, the shooter was, in shooting terms, extremely close. My sons, who are shooters, good ones, they said almost impossible for a bad shooter to miss. And he wasn't a bad shooter.

Donald Trump: He was somebody that went to the range and shot and practice, if you can believe it. But so -- it was -- and the turn of, you know, the events like bringing down the immigration charts, the chart that said how great the immigration was under me and -- but I use it only about 20 percent of the time. It's always on my left and it's always brought down at the end.

Donald Trump: So, that I would be turned around at the very beginning of the speech when the shot was fired and flipped around just so that the bullet you know grazed me as opposed to really gotcha is a miracle. And there is something -- I think -- I'll tell you what -- I know people that became believers because of this event, and they weren't believers.

Donald Trump: And, no, it enhanced my belief. I think it enhanced -- I mean, if that's -- I think that's basically what you're asking. No, it enhanced because it's -- it's amazing that I'm talking to you right now, actually.

Monica Crowley: Well, we're all praying for you and your protection, and we absolutely are in a spiritual war. This is good versus evil, God versus the enemy. However you want to look at it. But there's something much bigger going on here, and you are leading the charge on the good side, Mr. President. And, you know, I say this all the time.

Monica Crowley: To have the weight of this responsibility of saving the United States of America and, by extension, the West which is in collapse, to have that all on one man's shoulders has got to be very heavy and has got to be very profound. So, I really appreciate you saying that. You know, you really felt God in that moment, you feel God in your life.

Monica Crowley: Because, Mr. President, as strong as you are, and Lord knows you're the fiercest warrior we have -- we've ever had, no man can do this alone.

Donald Trump: Well, we're fighting some very, very bad people, evil people. And I'm talking about from within, I'm not talking about other countries. That's much more easily handled for a guy like me. This is -- we are fighting some very corrupt and very evil people. And the press is at the forefront of it because they used to be the police in a sense.

Donald Trump: They exposed things. They only expose other things. They expose wrong things. You know, they went along with the Russia, Russia, Russia hoax, they go along with all the hoaxes, and they actually said -- it's not even exposing, they actually are party. The press is extremely dishonest in our country at levels that nobody could believe.

Donald Trump: You know, unless you're involved in it, you don't really understand how dishonest and corrupt the press is, the media. And it's amazing to me. Why? Because everything that they want is her policies before she changed everything, before she flip-flopped, the press was OK. And now, look at the way the press is supporting her.

Donald Trump: And, you know, this thing -- she hasn't done -- like you and I are doing an interview. If one thing is said wrong in this interview, it's a headline, right? So, you know, I don't care. But if one thing is said wrong, it's like a major headline. With her, she doesn't have to do an interview. She doesn't have to do anything.

Donald Trump: And now, she's being interviewed by Dana Bash, who was very fair to me, along with Jake Tapper, in the debate with Biden. But I mean, I was, you know, surprised at how fair they were. But if Dana Bash gave her a fair interview, she wouldn't be able to get through it. And --

Monica Crowley: Well, she's -- she's going to sit there -- she's got to sit there with a male chaperon. I mean, this is supposedly, you know, the first --

Donald Trump: Yeah, to go into -- I can't -- yeah, I can't believe it. And maybe it's working. I mean it's probably working. It's -- her polls are -- were sort of even, I guess. I mean, I think Fox is the worst pollster I've ever seen. They've been wrong about 2016. They were wrong about 2020. They are the worst pollsters, whoever does Fox -- and it's obvious, it's probably Paul Ryan who hires them.

Donald Trump: But, you know, he's on the board of Fox. He's one of the worst. But, you know, I look at these polls, and they're sort of like even. And I say how can you be even? They want people flowing, prisoners coming from other countries that are going to end up killing them. You know, they're going to kill them.

Donald Trump: We're not going to have enough police to take care of the people that are coming in. We don't have enough police. And they're not going to want to be police because these people are so dangerous that people aren't going to want to be police. They're allowing our country to become a third-world country, and nobody wants to stop it.

Donald Trump: And our press is corrupt, and they're absent. They're missing from action. So, thank you very much, Monica. I appreciate it. I'll leave you on a very high note.

Monica Crowley: Mr. President -- Mr. President, thank you so much. And by the way, I just want to mention, President Trump has a brand new book out coming out next Tuesday called "Save America." It's a gorgeous coffee table book. He handpicked all of the photographs in there. It makes a lovely gift for all of the Trump lovers in your life.

Monica Crowley: But you should also buy it for the haters, too, because they might learn something. You can get those books at 45books.com. Although, Mr. President, you're going to have to change the name of that website to 47books.com pretty soon.

Donald Trump: Well, I hope so. I hope you're right. It's -- if we don't have to do that, this country is finished. I really believe that. It is totally -- I would never say that. But if we don't win it, this country is finished.

Monica Crowley: It is. This is our last shot. The country is hanging by a thread, and thank God we have you. I want to thank you so much for joining me here today. We are all behind you 100 percent. We're praying for your protection, and we cannot wait to vote for you again.

Donald Trump: Thanks, Monica. Thank you very much. Thank you.

Monica Crowley: Thank you, sir.