Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-fox-friends-telephone-interview-september-11-2024

Brian Kilmeade: Joining us right now on the phone to react after that very busy night, the 45th president of the United States, the GOP presidential nominee, Donald Trump. Mr. President, how do you feel about the night, 105 minutes long? You've done this before. I think your eighth one. What is your review of your -- of your performance?

Donald Trump: Well, I looked at the poll numbers. I listened to Harold Ford. I don't know what he was watching because I think he wasn't watching the debate that I was in yesterday. I think we did great. It was 3 to 1. It was a rigged deal as -- as I assumed it would be because when you looked at the -- the fact that they were correcting everything and not correcting with her.

Donald Trump: And we knew it when it was 100% good coverage for her over the last month or last year. I looked at it, and only bad coverage of me no matter what. The press is so dishonest in this country, it's amazing. Now, I didn't mind because, frankly, I knew -- I was pretty sure that's what they would do. CNN was much more honorable.

Donald Trump: The debate we had with Biden was a much more honorably run debate, but this was incredible. I mean, everything -- so many things I said were debunked, totally debunked like Charlottesville, like -- I could -- I have a list of seven different things. And she could say anything she wanted. Everything -- every time I spoke, and my stuff was right, they'd correct you.

Donald Trump: I thought it was terrible from the standpoint of ABC. They're the most dishonest, in my opinion, the most dishonest news organization. And that's saying a lot because they're all essentially really dishonest. But I thought I did a great job. It was three on one, and I thought I did a great job. Now, we sent you the polls, but every single poll last night had me winning like 90 to 10.

Donald Trump: We had -- C-SPAN at one point was at 80 to 20, and I don't know how it finished. That was late last night so I have no idea, but it was at 80 to 20. I told that to Bret Baier. And we sent him a lot of polls, and we sent you a lot of polls this morning. And every single poll had us winning by a lot, despite the fact that it was an unfair debate, obviously.

Donald Trump: And it was -- it was a three on one, and that's OK. I've had worse odds in my life. I've had it before, but never so obvious. A lot of people are very angry about it. You know, you have corrupt news organizations. You have a lot of bad people, it's amazing, in that business -- in your business.

Ainsley Earhardt: Yeah. Mr. President, we kind of expected it because when you look at the Media Research Center, they said 100% of the stories covered on ABC about Kamala, 100% of the time was positive. Ninety-three percent of the time when they covered you, it was negative. So, it was infuriating to watch them fact-check you and not her when she brought up IVF, when she brought up Project 2025 several times.

Donald Trump: Right.

Ainsley Earhardt: And when she brought up Charlottesville. Here are some of the lies that she said about you. Listen. [Begin videotape]

Kamala Harris: The detailed and dangerous plan called Project 2025 that the former president intends on implementing -- couples who pray and dream of having a family are being denied IVF treatments. If Donald Trump were to be reelected, he will sign a national abortion ban. And what did the president then at the time say? There were fine people on each side.

Kamala Harris: On that day, 140 law enforcement officers were injured, and some died. Donald Trump, the candidate, has said in this election, there will be a bloodbath if this and the outcome of this election is not to his liking. [End videotape]

Ainsley Earhardt: And the bloodbath, you were talking about the economy. It's a term that's used a lot when people are talking about a bad economy.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Ainsley Earhardt: What's your reaction to -- why didn't the moderators correct her?

Donald Trump: Because they're dishonest and because I think ABC took a big hit last night. I mean, to be honest, they're a news organization. They have to be licensed to do it. They ought to take away their license for the way they did that. Bloodbath was referring to the economy. Everybody loved the term because as soon as they heard the word, it's sort of a vicious word, but referring to the economy.

Donald Trump: They have created an economy -- bloodbath was the word that I used, and it was fine in that context. And they were trying to make it sound like it was a riot or something, and it was a bloodbath. IVF, I was a leader on IVF, the IVF -- the IVF, which is fertilization, I was a total leader on that. When I first heard about it like right from the beginning, I was one of the leaders on it, and the Republican Party has been a leader on it.

Donald Trump: She tried to say it was just the opposite. The -- the whole thing with abortion, what he said, I mean, it was incredible. I think he corrected me six times, and each time I was right.

Steve Doocy: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: I believe each time I was right, didn't correct her at all, and she was saying these things. She was using like Charlottesville -- she was using Charlottesville, and everybody -- you take a look at Laura Ingraham, she did it incredibly. She had it totally debunked. She said that, in fact, it makes it angry -- she makes -- she gets angry when people hear about Charlottesville when they use that because what they did is they stopped, and they didn't put the following sentence in.

Donald Trump: And when they put the last sentence in when it was all put together, what I said was absolutely perfect. And ABC knew that, everybody knew that, frankly. I think they lost a lot of credibility. But regardless, look, the polls are saying that I was -- I won that by 80-20, 90 -- we have one here, 92 to 7.

Donald Trump: And I sort of believe that's right. I thought, look, I've been told I'm a good debater. I think it was one of my better debates, maybe my best debate, I think. I don't know. That's why I'm disappointed in this guy, Harold Ford. I don't know if he's still there, but I don't know what he was watching because he was just as dishonest as ABC in my opinion.

Steve Doocy: Mr. President, I interrupted a moment ago. They just -- on the face of the Pentagon every year for the last 23 years, we have gone down to the Pentagon at 6:46. That's sunrise down in the Washington, D.C. area.

Donald Trump: Right.

Steve Doocy: When they unfurl that flag to commemorate American Airlines Flight 77 that crashed into the Pentagon, it killed all 64 on board.

Donald Trump: Right.

Steve Doocy: A hundred and twenty-five people at the Pentagon, 184 people lost their lives 23 years ago today. And I know -- I know you are going to take part in some of the commemorations as well here in New York City and in Pennsylvania.

Donald Trump: That's right. I'll be doing that in a little while. In fact, right after this call, I leave. I'm going down to the World Trade Center site, and I'll be down there for much of it. JD is going with me, and we had -- we had a great talk about it yesterday. It was very, very sad. It's a horrible day, horrible day.

Donald Trump: There's never been anything like it. Just a horrible day. And then going to Pennsylvania, of course. And so, I'm going to be doing both of them. Sometimes, I'll do all three. Sometimes it doesn't work out when they're sort of simultaneously done, but we're going to be doing two of them today.

Steve Doocy: So, yeah. So, last night, I mean, all three planes are there. You've got Air Force Two. You've got Trump Force One. JD Vance is playing. We're all together. You guys are going to be at the site together. President Biden I think will be there. Are you going to say anything to them?

Donald Trump: Oh, I don't know. I'm not sure. It's, you know -- look, everybody should be very angry at how badly they've run this country. Millions of people are floating into our country, many of them should not be here. They're criminals, many criminals coming in, many terrorists coming in. People coming there, emptying their jails into our country.

Donald Trump: They're emptying their -- think of it. They're emptying their mental institutions. People that are mentally ill are being dropped into our country. And these two people, and it's both of them, they allow it to happen. What they're doing is terrible. I saw your report yesterday on -- in Ohio with Springfield, Ohio and Aurora -- if you look at Colorado, Aurora, Colorado, these thugs from Venezuela in Aurora have taken over.

Donald Trump: People from Haiti, I guess, have come in illegally, totally coming illegally into our country. And they've -- they've destroyed Springfield, Ohio. They destroyed --

Brian Kilmeade: Do you think you've made that point last night? Do you think you made that -- do you think you've made that point last night that you believe the border is directly affecting all these cities and all these towns?

Donald Trump: Oh, I think I made it twice or maybe even three times. In fact, I said, I wonder if I'm saying this too much. How can you say it too much? They've allowed 21 million, I think is the real number. It could be more than that. Twenty-one, that's bigger than New York State. They've allowed 21 million people come into -- come into our country.

Donald Trump: Many of these people are criminals. And by the way, those countries are being emptied out of their criminals, and their crime rates are way down. Their prison populations are being dumped into the United States. Their populations in prison are way down. Their mental institutions, their populations are way down.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: And it's all over the world. It's not just South America. They're coming in from the Congo and Africa. They're coming from all over the world, the Middle East, Europe, Asia. They're coming in from everywhere, not just South America. And they're coming in at numbers you've never seen. They're literally destroying our country.

Donald Trump: These people have no idea, or maybe they do. The only reason they can be doing it is because they hate our country. They hate our country.

Ainsley Earhardt: Yeah. I mean, when you compare the border numbers, the terror watch list suspects under you, there were 11, under Kamala Harris, 375. Now, foreign policy did come up at last night's debate. Listen to this sound bite. Our audience can listen to this, and we'll get your reaction on the other side. [Begin videotape]

Donald Trump: If she's president, I believe that Israel will not exist within two years from now. Look at what's going on in the Middle East. This would have never happened. I will get that settled and fast, and I'll get the war with Ukraine and Russia ended. If I'm president-elect, I'll get it done before even becoming president.

Kamala Harris: Well, I will tell you I agreed with President Biden's decision to pull out of Afghanistan. Donald Trump, when he was president, negotiated one of the weakest deals you can imagine. He calls himself a deal maker, even his national security adviser said it was a weak, terrible deal.

Donald Trump: It's a very good agreement. The reason it was good, it was -- we were getting out. We would have been out faster than them, but we wouldn't have lost the soldiers. We wouldn't have left many Americans behind. They blew it. [End videotape]

Ainsley Earhardt: You said when you were at the town hall with Sean Hannity, you said a lot of people, "You might not like me, but you're safer under me. You have more money in your bank accounts under me." So, why do you think our country would be safer under you, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Because I deal with foreign policy. I'll give you an example. Afghanistan, we had a great agreement, but it was agreement subject them -- to them doing a lot of different things. They didn't do those things. And when they didn't do them, we terminate the agreement. These clowns had no idea what to do.

Donald Trump: They had Milley who's incompetent. They had Biden who's incompetent. All of the people are incompetent, nobody ever gets fired. They don't fire anybody. They let them just stay on, retire, no problem. Milley should have been -- Milley should have been fired and reprimanded like you've never seen. These people are incompetent.

Donald Trump: They left billions of dollars worth of equipment behind. You had 13 dead soldiers. The -- the -- they shouldn't have used that airport. They should have used Bagram, which, by the way, they gave up and they shouldn't have given it up because that's only one hour away from China where they make their nuclear weapons.

Donald Trump: No, no. They took a good agreement, but the agreement was subject to the Taliban doing things. And remember this, in ending that, every single -- I went 18 months without one soldier killed. I spoke to the head of the Taliban, Abdul. And I said -- I had nice tough talk with him. Not one soldier was killed in 18 months until that catastrophe happened.

Donald Trump: It was absolutely -- we were running it perfectly, but the agreement didn't mean anything because they had to -- in other words, they had the agreement kick in --

Brian Kilmeade: It was conditions-based. It was conditions-based.

Donald Trump: Yeah. They didn't do the things. Who would take their military out first? They're incompetent. They took the military out first. You're supposed to take the military out last, and they left lots of Americans behind. And then they had the worst airlift nobody's ever seen.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: People falling off an airplane from 3,000 feet in the air, many people. They are incompetent, and they shouldn't be running the country. And we'll end up in World War III because of these fools.

Ainsley Earhardt: Lawrence Jones, who we know you think is doing a great job. And he is -- there he is. He's live in a diner. He's also in Pennsylvania. He's in Washington, Pennsylvania, and he's talking to the people. And I think, Lawrence, right, some of the folks in the diner want to ask the president questions.

Lawrence Jones: That's exactly right, Ainsley. Let's bring it out to the people. Mr. President, not a lot from the moderators about the issues last night, but in this swing state of Pennsylvania, these issues are true. Sir, you own a car dealership, part owner of it. And you say -- this is your birthday by the way.

Unidentified: It is.

Lawrence Jones: And what is your question for the president?

Unidentified: Good morning, President Trump.

Donald Trump: Good morning.

Unidentified: My question is, what are some of the immediate steps that you will take to improve the economy and get us out of this mess that Biden and Harris have left us in?

Donald Trump: Right, great question.

Lawrence Jones: Mr. President.

Donald Trump: The first thing I'd do is close up the border. People have to come into our country legally. They can't come in the way they're doing now. We have millions and millions of people coming in, even a month -- on a monthly basis and they're destroying our country, and it affects our economy. The other thing I'd do is drill, baby, drill.

Donald Trump: I'd be drilling, and I'd get energy prices. And I'll reduce your energy by half within 12 months, half. And I hope that, Lawrence, if you're listening, Lawrence, I hope you go and do a little shout out poll. And I don't know the people there, but I love the people there. I can see it. But why don't you do a shout out poll who they thought won the debate last night? It would be great.

Lawrence Jones: You know we always do the poll at the end, Mr. President. I think you --

Donald Trump: Oh, why don't you do it while I'm on the -- yeah, but I'm on the phone now.

Lawrence Jones: Is there a lot of people supporting President Trump today? OK.

Unidentified: USA. Fight, fight, fight.

Lawrence Jones: So -- but Mr. President, this young lady right here, she's concerned about the future of the country. She's concerned about the grandkids, and she's concerned about the stress on these parents. Ma'am, what is your president -- what is your question for the former president?

Unidentified: I would like to know what kind of programs or policies he could implement to reduce the parental stress with parents having to work one, two -- I have family members who are working three jobs, trying to make ends meet right now.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Unidentified: Spending more and more time away from their families.

Lawrence Jones: Thank you.

Donald Trump: That's right. Well, we have big -- you know, you have a --

Lawrence Jones: What are you going to do on day one, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Right. Child care is a No. 1 priority, and I have no choice because I have a daughter named Ivanka. And maybe you never heard of my Ivanka, but I have a daughter named Ivanka. And that's all she talks to me about is child care for the people. And she's the one that got it started, and Marco Rubio helped a lot.

Donald Trump: And a lot of the Republican senators, we put in a great child care, and we'll be expanding that. And that will help you a lot.

Lawrence Jones: So, Mr. President, we got a young voter right here. Not -- not all the young people are voting for Kamala Harris. But you have a concern about the media and cutting through the noise there. What is your question for the former president?

Unidentified: Hello, President Trump.

Donald Trump: Hi. Hi.

Unidentified: I'm just curious on how you're gonna combat the -- all the fake news and break through some of the noise to get the undecided voters to vote for you this November.

Donald Trump: Well, by doing a show like this.

Lawrence Jones: That's a good question, Mr. President. What -- what do you got to do?

Donald Trump: That's a great question. Because you really do it by doing a show like this with Lawrence and the group. You have to get your word out, and you don't have a fair media. You have a very liberal, biased media. I have no idea why. I actually have no idea. Think of it. They don't want walls. They don't want borders.

Donald Trump: They don't want good economies. They -- the things they want are destructive to our -- our country. But I will tell you that it's very important if you're doing what I'm doing, you have to do shows like this. That's another thing. Kamala doesn't do any shows. She doesn't do interviews. She doesn't talk to people.

Donald Trump: She doesn't do anything like that. And that's not fair to the public because they don't know what they're getting, but they saw last night what they had. They had a rigged show with somebody that maybe even had the answers. I mean, I'll be honest. I watched her talk, and I said, "You know, she seems awfully familiar with the questions."

Donald Trump: And you get pretty good at that stuff after a while. But when I saw how -- how totally rigged that was, I take a look at it, and I watch, and I say, "You know, you have to get out there." And one of the things I did is I said, let's do this show at like -- what time is it? 6:30 in the morning. And it's an honor to do it.

Donald Trump: But you have to go out, and you have to do the shows. You have to go out and do media. And some of the media is honest. It's not all dishonest. That's the good news. But much of it is. Let's say close to 80%, and I mean seriously dishonest.

Lawrence Jones: So, Mr. President, the final question. We're in Pennsylvania. We cannot let this interview end without talking about fracking. And there's a lot of people concerned about what happened on the debate stage last night and that Kamala Harris' position wasn't fully prosecuted yesterday. The people know that she flip-flopped on the issue.

Donald Trump: Right.

Lawrence Jones: So, how are you going to make the case so you can win Pennsylvania?

Donald Trump: So, I'm leading in Pennsylvania in just about all the polls, and I'm leading by some in a lot. And one of the issues is fracking. I've been for fracking from -- it's like the day I was born. Always fracking. She's always been against it, and she's been against it strongly. And if she won, she would end fracking in Pennsylvania 100%.

Donald Trump: She would end it, and that would be it. All she's doing is she just changed her view just a very short time ago. She went, "Oh, I'm totally in favor of fracking," all of a sudden. She is totally against it. You have every clip, and Sean Hannity plays them every night. Every clip, she's against fracking.

Donald Trump: All of a sudden, she's losing in the polls. She's not doing down. Her president is doing horribly. How did he do in the debate? At least she could speak, but her president goes down. They did a palace coup in the president. She comes out, and she does fracking. To -- so, I say to the people of Pennsylvania, you know what you have with Trump, and I'm with you.

Donald Trump: I went to school in Pennsylvania. I have my friends in Pennsylvania, and I'm a fracker. And that's 500,000 jobs in Pennsylvania and a lot of your income. Pennsylvania would be devastated if they take that away. She will obviously take that away. Oh, she'll take away drilling in Texas. She's going to take away -- they ended ANWR, the biggest oil site in the world that Ronald Reagan couldn't get in Alaska.

Donald Trump: They ended it. I got it approved, and they ended it. And nobody can believe they did. We had the biggest site in the world. They ended it in the first week in office. Think of that.

Lawrence Jones: Yeah.

Donald Trump: They cut the Keystone Pipeline. They will end fracking. Keystone Pipeline, one of the biggest pipelines in the world, they ended it in the first day or the first week that he was in office. They will end fracking because she's not a fracker. And they'll also take away your guns.

Lawrence Jones: Yeah.

Donald Trump: They will confiscate your guns.

Lawrence Jones: Mr. President, thank you so much for talking to the folks here in Pennsylvania at the diner. I'll send it back to the guys because I know you have a prior commitment to go visit the heroes at 9/11 Memorial. I'll send it back to you, guys

Donald Trump: Well, I want you to take that poll, though, soon. You got to take that poll so I can watch it. Thank you. Thank you, everybody, very much. Thank you.