Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-charles-benson-wtmj-milwaukee-june-18-2024

Charles Benson: President Trump.

Donald Trump: Let's go. Let's go.

Charles Benson: Good to see you. You ready?

Donald Trump: How are you?

Charles Benson: I'm doing well. Thank you for your time.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Charles Benson: All right. He tells me we're ready. So, let's talk about Milwaukee. Democrats have pounced on what they -- what's been reported that you said about the city. They even put up billboards with what you allegedly said. So, let me get right to it and ask you directly, did you say Milwaukee is a horrible city?

Donald Trump: No, I didn't say it. They're liars. You know they're liars. They lie about everything. They've got the worst policy in the world. They lie about every single thing they do. I chose Milwaukee. I said, I do say, and I say it all the time, I said it to you and I said it to anybody that wants to listen, crime is way too high, as it is in many cities, and they got to watch the election because the election results last time in Milwaukee were terrible.

Donald Trump: I mean, it was just terrible, what happened. But other than that, I like Milwaukee. I'm the one that picked Milwaukee. And they are just such liars, such horrible people. And we have to turn -- and look, Joe Biden is the worst president in the history of our country. There's never been anybody like him, not even close.

Donald Trump: And we have to win this election.

Charles Benson: So, let me ask you about crime because crime is an issue in cities all across America. But when you look at --

Donald Trump: Well, Democrat-run cities.

Charles Benson: Do you think it's just Democrats? I mean, it happens everywhere.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] Yeah. The top 25 cities are Democrat, and they're -- they're run by Democrats and there's crime. You take a look at other cities, there's not so much crime and there's not -- in some, there's virtually no crime, run by Republicans. Big difference.

Charles Benson: So, Milwaukee has seen a decline over the last year. But my question to you is how -- how will you then work with big city mayors, Democrats like Cavalier Johnson, to address issues of concerns? He says there's just too many guns in the hands of the wrong people.

Donald Trump: Well, there's too many guns in certain hands. And certainly, I would agree with that, 100%. And you can do various things about that, and you're going to have to do it, because, in some cities, you do have -- you have the wrong people having guns. You don't have the right people, you have the wrong people.

Donald Trump: We have to work with the Democrat mayors. They are -- I mean, you take a look, the -- the big troubled cities are run by Democrats. And, you know, we chose this one because we still have confidence in the mayor. And the mayor really wanted it, but so did other cities. We picked Milwaukee because I wanted Milwaukee.

Donald Trump: I actually was the one that wanted it. And then they come out with, you know, the -- the fabrications, which is all they're really good at coming out with. I will say this, we're going to work with the mayors of the cities and some -- in some cases, governors of states, and we're going to solve the city problem.

Donald Trump: We have to. We have to get much tougher on crime.

Charles Benson: Anything specific?

Donald Trump: Oh, well, just basic great police work. You have to give the authority and the -- the control back to the police. That's been totally taken away. I was -- when I was president, I brought out the National Guard because, in Minnesota, Minneapolis was burning down. It was burning down. I've never seen anything like it. And the governor is supposed to go. He just didn't want to call.

Donald Trump: I got him, and we saved that city. We literally saved that city. The police weren't allowed to do their job. You remember they took over a police precinct? I mean, you can't even believe this stuff. So, we're going to give the police back a -- the honor -- the honor of doing what they want to do. They want to make sure that it doesn't happen.

Donald Trump: You know, if a policeman does his job, oftentimes, they're -- they lose their pension, they lose their family, they lose their house. They lose everything. They go after them. And we can't have that. One of the things I want to do is immunity for police where we give them, we grant them immunity. We give them protection from what happens to them.

Donald Trump: That's why you see in cities where stores are being robbed and the police are standing outside watching as they walk out with televisions and every other thing. We have to give the authority back to the police. We have to have safe cities. The ones that are most affected are African Americans, Hispanic Americans.

Donald Trump: Inner cities are the ones that are -- you look at Chicago. It's unbelievable what's happened to the African American in Chicago. They -- they're losing two, three, four people a day. And, you know, they've had days, they've had weekends where 25 people were shot. And that's like a war zone, and we have to stop it.

Charles Benson: So, let me ask you about the convention is in Milwaukee in four weeks. This would be day 2 of the convention. There's a report out of Chicago that says you may be overnighting in Chicago instead of Milwaukee. Is that the plan?

Donald Trump: Well, they have -- probably, they think because I have a hotel there. I have a beautiful hotel there, a beauty, as good as it gets. But I'm staying here. I was always planning on staying here. It's an hour and a half, maybe sometimes two hours. And again, I chose Milwaukee for a reason. I chose Milwaukee.

Donald Trump: And they -- you know, just so you understand. When the Democrats were here, they didn't even hold it, and Biden never came. I think he stood out in the parking lot for about a minute, and then he left because he's --

Charles Benson: During the pandemic.

Donald Trump: During the pandemic, yeah. And they did not do your -- your city justice, I can tell you that.

Charles Benson: Let me ask you about something President Biden is saying today. He is talking about a new process for noncitizen spouses and children to obtain permanent residence in the country. Estimated to impact about 500,000 noncitizens. Do you support any protections for that specific group living under the threat of deportation?

Donald Trump: Well, it's not going to be that group. It's going to be that group, perhaps, but it's going to be many others. It's going to be a lot of the people that have poured in from prisons and from -- if you take a look, from mental institutions. They're being emptied out all over the world. It's going to be much more than that.

Donald Trump: They're not stopping there. The only reason they're allowing all of these people into this country is for the vote. And, you know, for a while, people weren't sure why would somebody do it. They're allowing them in. They want to try and sign them, but vote. They're doing it now. It's an illegal process. We're -- we're going to stop it in court.

Donald Trump: If the courts don't stop that, then the courts should be ashamed of themselves. But they're trying to get votes and this is all about votes because they're way behind in the election. Biden's way behind in the election. We just had a great poll coming out of, actually, Wisconsin. We're doing very well in Wisconsin, as we have in the past.

Donald Trump: And frankly, they're doing that just for the purposes of the election.

Charles Benson: So, no, you wouldn't support that effort. But what about permanently ending DACA? Would that be a priority in your --

Donald Trump: Well, we'll look at DACA and I've looked at DACA for a long time. We dealt a lot with DACA. It's a complex issue. But there are some people that deserve to be here, but there are a lot of people that don't. When people pour into the country from prisons, they're murderers, they're drug dealers, and they're gang members and we want to make them citizens, I'm not in favor of that.

Charles Benson: And just go back to the noncitizens who -- spouse, you know, they're married to a U.S. citizen, there's not a window for them?

Donald Trump: We have to look at individual cases, but they're not looking at that. They're using that as an excuse to sign up people from all over the world that shouldn't be here. It's just an excuse.

Charles Benson: One more question for you. You're doing better in the polls when it comes to the African American vote, but it's still an uphill climb for you. And I want to ask you something specifically. For voters -- Black voters who might be skeptical, don't know if you will fight for them when they see inequities, disparities in housing or the economy or on the job, what would you say to them that you would be a president for them in those situations?

Donald Trump: Well, I'm doing really well, better than any Republican has done in a hundred years, actually. And I think that when they look at criminal justice reform, that I got that nobody else got. I got it. And without me, they couldn't have had it. And other presidents tried, including Obama, but they couldn't -- they just couldn't get it. Obama tried with Biden, and they couldn't get it done.

Donald Trump: And a lot of people tried. I got it done, criminal justice reform. Opportunity Zones. I got Opportunity Zones done with Tim Scott, the senator from South Carolina, a great guy, and he had this idea, and we put it into practice. And it's been one of the most successful economic development programs ever. We did the historically Black colleges and universities -- universities and colleges, and we were able to get that funded, which, for years, they've never had any funding.

Donald Trump: They'd have to come on a year-by-year basis. We got long-term funding, more money than they needed, more money than they asked for. We gave it to them because we felt they needed it. I got very familiar with the heads of those colleges and universities. I say, "Why do you come back every year?" They felt -- and one of them looked at me and said, "We feel like beggars.

Donald Trump: We come back to Washington every year to come, you know, for money." And I got them long-term financing. I got that taken care of. And I think when the Black people and Hispanic people, too, the jobs, they look at their job numbers, they look at all of the things that we did. Nobody has done -- and I say this, nobody has done more for the Black person, for the Black people, than anybody than me since Abraham Lincoln.

Donald Trump: That's a big statement, OK? Abraham Lincoln. That's a long time ago. But there's been no president that's done for the Black people what I've done since Abraham Lincoln.

Charles Benson: I appreciate your time.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Charles Benson: Appreciate the opportunity.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Charles Benson: Thank you for your time.

Donald Trump: See you soon.

Charles Benson: We'll see you in a couple of weeks.

Donald Trump: OK. See you.

Charles Benson: Yeah. Yeah.