Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-hugh-hewitt-radio-october-7-2024

Hugh Hewitt: President Donald Trump. Mr. President, welcome back. It's great to have you. I appreciate very much you joining me on 10/7, the anniversary of that horrible day.

Donald Trump: Right. It was a horrible day. It should have never happened. It would never have happened, guaranteed. Even Democrats admit it. I saw some congressman the other day. He said that wouldn't have happened. And whether we like it or not, the attack by Russia on Ukraine would not have happened. But it did happen, and it happened as bad as there was, it was just an incredibly bad thing.

Donald Trump: And it will get straightened out. It's been amazing to see what's happening now, but it'll get straightened out, Hugh.

Hugh Hewitt: Now, Mr. President, when we spoke in April, you said to me that Israel needed to win and win quickly. They are winning, but they're still fighting, and they're now fighting in Lebanon. Do you think Biden and Harris have been holding back Israel from winning?

Donald Trump: I do. I think everything they do is the opposite. In particular, him. Now, she's a dumber person than him, but he has the worst foreign policy of anybody in history, probably. You know what you do with him? I realized it the other day. You could be one of the greatest foreign policy presidents. All you do is listen to what he says and do the opposite.

Donald Trump: If you've done the opposite for 30 years with this poor guy, this poor, pathetic guy, if you've done the opposite for 30 years, you would have been successful. But he's never gotten it right. And, you know, I don't have to go back into the old secretaries of state and all the people that talk about it.

Hugh Hewitt: Oh, Secretary Gates said that, for 40 years. Now, it's up to 45.

Donald Trump: You know he did. And the others, him and others did. Everybody did. Everything is wrong. Everything is wrong. All you'd do is, whatever, he said, "Don't get bin Laden."

Hugh Hewitt: Yes, he did.

Donald Trump: Everything is wrong that he's done. Now, it's --

Hugh Hewitt: Now, Iran has rained ballistic missiles down on Israel twice On April 13th --

Donald Trump: Yup.

Hugh Hewitt: And, of course, October 1. If Netanyahu told you when you're back in the White House, and it happened again, I've got to hit Israel -- I've got Iran at X, Y, and Z sites, would you do what Biden did? "Well, you can't hit this, you can't hit that." I mean, would you try and micromanage Israel?

Donald Trump: Well, first of all, he's the one -- Biden is the one, with her, and she was very much involved, that gave us the worst withdrawal in the history of withdrawals of any kind, and that's Afghanistan. That was the worst, most embarrassing day in the history of our country. And they were saying do it this way.

Donald Trump: They took the soldiers out first, you know? We had a strong agreement, and if they didn't do the agreement -- and they didn't. So, what we would do is we'd hold them in abeyance, and, oh, we did numbers. They were -- they were perfect. But then we can't -- when we were out, what he did, Hugh, is incredible.

Donald Trump: He took the military out first. And you take -- remember, I called a child up to the stage one time during a rally. A little kid, he was 5- or 6-years-old. And I said -- I gave him the facts. I said, "So, would you take the military out first or last?" "Sir, I'd take the military out last." He was 5-years-old.

Hugh Hewitt: Yeah.

Donald Trump: They moved, this stupid Milley, he was a dumb guy. He was the one that said, "Let's leave all the equipment, all that beautiful, brand-new military. Let's leave it in Afghanistan. We're going to leave it in Afghanistan," so that they have $85 billion dollars' worth of equipment. He was a dumb guy. I knew that.

Donald Trump: Early on, I knew that. So, what you have to do with them, it's sort of listen to them -- because you always have to listen to a president, and then you have to do whatever you want. Now, Bibi was held up a little bit, because, psychologically, you have a president. He probably maybe would have been further along, but he's pretty far along.

Donald Trump: He's not listening at all, you know that. They don't even speak.

Hugh Hewitt: Yeah, well, right now, Biden is talking through the media, "Don't hit the oil refinery, don't hit the nuclear sites." Do you think that's wise, or would you tell Netanyahu to do what he needs to do?

Donald Trump: No, I said don't hit the nuclear. Did you ever hear of anyone say don't hit the -- he's going "Don't hit the nuclear." They asked him the other day, "Would you hit --" "Well, I don't think you should hit the nuclear." I thought it was the opposite, OK? You know, I sort of -- I sort of thought it was the opposite.

Donald Trump: The nuclear is the biggest single problem the world has. Not global warming, where the ocean will rise one-eighth of an inch in the next 500 years. You know, these people are crazy. The biggest problem we have is nuclear warming, not global warming. And the nuclear people can't have the nuclear. The nuclear is the power.

Donald Trump: You know, I rebuilt our entire nuclear force, and our nuclear is the best in the world. And Russia is right behind us. And you know what? I'll tell you, you never want to use it. If you have to use it, it's obliteration. It's a dangerous thing. And Iran is very close to getting it. They would have never had it with me. I would have had a deal a long time ago because they were bust.

Donald Trump: They were totally busted. They were ready to make a deal. They would have made a deal. And these guys didn't do anything. I mean, we did -- if you think of what we did, the Abraham Accords, Golan Heights, we did so much, there's never been a president that was so good to Israel or the Jewish people.

Hugh Hewitt: I agree with that. Ambassador Friedman was on last week and we talked about all that. Let's talk about Iran. I -- I saw Doug Burgum come back from Israel. And the governor went on Fox News, and he said the appeasers, the Biden-Harris appeasers, have taken it so that Hamas has got $100 million dollars for Iran in the last year of your presidency, and they're getting $350 million dollars to the military wing of Hamas the year before 10/7. Do you think the American people put that together, that they were broke and out of money and barely able to support their proxies under you, and now they're flush?

Donald Trump: They were out of business. I had them out of business. I put, as you know, big sanctions on Iran. I told China, if you -- China was their biggest buyer. I said to President Xi directly, I said, "Look, we're friends. If you buy any -- if you buy one barrel from Iran, one barrel, you don't do business with the US anymore.

Donald Trump: We go cold turkey, which a lot of people would like to do anyway. And just one barrel, plus we're going to put big sanctions on anything that gets through, like 200 percent." And he said I'll pass. He passed. Everybody passed. They did no business, and they were broke. They had no money. And it was a big story.

Donald Trump: If you remember in my fourth year, there were stories all over the place that incredibly, during Trump, there was no -- you know, we didn't have one terrorist attack. We had nothing. They had no money. They weren't giving any money because they had no money. They had to survive. And I would have made a fair deal with them.

Donald Trump: I only wanted one thing. You can't have a nuclear weapon. You cannot let them have a nuclear weapon. Because I know what it is -- I know what it is because I dealt with --

Hugh Hewitt: If Israel hits their nuclear sites, will you applaud?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I dealt with Kim Jong Un. And he has nuclear weapons. And you tend to speak a little bit differently when they have nuclear weapons.

Hugh Hewitt: Yes.

Donald Trump: Does that make sense to you?

Hugh Hewitt: Yes, it does.

Donald Trump: We can't --

Hugh Hewitt: Well, Nixon met with Mao, who was the greatest murderer of the 20th century, because they had nukes. He met with Brezhnev.

Donald Trump: Right.

Hugh Hewitt: I noticed you didn't meet with Khamenei, and he did not have nukes. Can they be allowed to have nukes?

Donald Trump: No, they can't have nukes. No, they can't have nukes. Nukes, if you would see the power of these weapons that I renovated and rebuilt at great cost -- I rebuilt the whole military. And then, you know, they gave $85 billion of it away to the Taliban and to Afghanistan. Can you imagine? They gave $85 billion dollars away.

Donald Trump: They gave everything.

Hugh Hewitt: So --

Donald Trump: This is the worst group of people, these are the worst negotiators in the history --

Hugh Hewitt: Oh, yes. Yes, I agree.

Donald Trump: Every time somebody gets kidnapped, they give -- you never notice, it's like $6 billion. Every time -- if you catch a mountain climber -- how about these kids, they go mountain climbing in Iran, they get caught? We pay $6 billion dollars all the time, $6 billion. I paid nothing. I got 58 people out, and I paid nothing.

Donald Trump: And I got tough ones out. I got people out from North Korea. That's a lot tougher, and I paid nothing. I don't pay because --

Hugh Hewitt: Mr. President, if they --

Donald Trump: Once you pay --

Hugh Hewitt: If Israel hits Iran and goes after the nuclear sites, will you applaud Israel and back them up?

Donald Trump: Well, you want to do what they want to do. Now, they may be making a deal with Iran right now, you know, to be honest with you, because Iran's not looking so good. You know, Iran is not looking like they looked two months ago, if you want to know the truth. They could be making a deal. They could be doing some very smart things right now.

Donald Trump: There are a lot of things they can do. But the nice thing is they're entitled to an attack, and nobody will be upset if they attack, because they're entitled. Because Iran hit them with 187 missiles. And by the way, how good is the shield? And the United States should have a shield.

Hugh Hewitt: Amen.

Donald Trump: If and when I'm elected, we're going to have a shield that is going to be built in the United States. You know, despite what everyone says, that was our technology that does that. That was ours. It was nobody else.

Hugh Hewitt: Now, let me turn to antisemitism in the United States. Your daughter is Jewish. Some of your grandchildren are Jewish. Your son-in-law is Jewish. Jewish students are not safe on many American campuses. Your alma mater, my alma mater, Biden and Harris have ignored this. I mean, they really have ignored it. If you're president, will you send the DOJ to those campuses, the office of civil rights from the Department of Education to enforce the law?

Donald Trump: Hundred percent. I mean, the law is being broken, hundred percent. You wouldn't think you'd even have this. Did you ever think two years ago, three years ago, that you'd ever have this discussion?

Hugh Hewitt: No, I didn't.

Donald Trump: I'm unbelievable what's happening. And when you see these riots, and you see a lot of people, too. But, you know, a lot of the people in that -- a lot of those people are Jewish people. You know that. They're Jewish kids.

Hugh Hewitt: Oh, yeah. There are some outliers, but most Jewish students are afraid to be overt on places like Harvard and Penn.

Donald Trump: Yeah, but then you have other Jewish students that are afraid. Yeah, that's true, and they should be afraid. I never thought I would see this in my life with the campus riots and what they're saying and what they're doing. And they have to put them down quickly. They really have to put them down quickly.

Hugh Hewitt: They need federal help, though, and that's the Department of Justice.

Donald Trump: What Columbia did was so horrible.

Hugh Hewitt: They need a Department of Justice that will prosecute these people that assault Jewish kids --

Donald Trump: What Columbia did was so horrible.

Hugh Hewitt: Because assault is --

Donald Trump: Absolutely.

Hugh Hewitt: That's real. That's not a protest. That's not the First Amendment. It's assault.

Donald Trump: No, no, that's real. That's real. And they're being assaulted. But look, let me ask you, Hugh. Did you ever think you would see this? I mean, I thought this was like semi-ancient stuff, you know, from 200 years ago, from 80 years ago.

Hugh Hewitt: No, we had demonstrations in the 70s and the 80s, but nothing like this.

Donald Trump: But did you ever think you were going to see this again?

Hugh Hewitt: No. No.

Donald Trump: Pretty incredible to watch.

Hugh Hewitt: Now, Mr. President, you're a developer, so I want to talk to you about Gaza. I worked with land use developers for 35 years when I was actively practicing law.

Donald Trump: Right.

Hugh Hewitt: You know how to build things. Gaza is in ruins. Could Gaza be Monaco if it was built -- rebuilt the right way? Could someone make Gaza into something that all the Palestinian people would be proud of, would want to live in, would benefit them?

Donald Trump: It could be better than Monaco. It has the best location in the Middle East, the best water, the best everything. It's got -- it is the best -- I've said it for years. You know, when -- I've been there, and it's rough. It's a rough place, before the -- you know, before all of the attacks and before the back and forth --

Hugh Hewitt: Right.

Donald Trump: What's happened over the last couple of years. And I said, "Wow, look at this." I mean, they have the back of a plant facing the ocean, you know. They'd have -- there was no ocean as far as that was concerned. They never took advantage of it, you know, as a developer. It could be the most beautiful place, the weather, the water, the whole thing, the climate.

Donald Trump: It could be so beautiful. It could be the best thing in the Middle East, but it could be one of the best places in the world. And, you know, there were other civilizations. I don't know if you know this. It's crazy. But that's been a rough neighborhood. That's been a rough place. You know, underneath that is -- are two other civilizations where they're -- you know, they were wiped out and they started over, and they build on top.

Hugh Hewitt: Oh, yeah.

Donald Trump: It's amazing. I mean, that's been a very contentious area for a long time, I can tell you that.

Hugh Hewitt: Do you think your partners -- can you get the Abraham Accords going again and get your partners, like UAE, Bahrain, and possibly Saudi to help you, and Egypt, to help you in Gaza if you're president again to build it the right way and get rid of the fanatics?

Donald Trump: Yeah, yeah. So, I'll tell you, I think -- not only the Abraham Accords -- you know, the Abraham Accords is one of the great things that's ever happened in the Middle East. That should be loaded up with everybody right now. And you know, I made the statement the other day, people said -- oh, I would have gotten, in my opinion, 50/50 chance, maybe more than that, Iran would have been in the Abraham Accords.

Donald Trump: They wanted to make a deal so bad until we had that phony election. They wanted to make a deal so bad that it was -- and Biden missed the opportunity. Now -- then, he pours money down their throat, gives them billions and billions, hundreds of billions of dollars, takes the sanctions off. They wanted to make a deal so badly.

Donald Trump: I would have had everybody, and I believe I would have had Iran. You would have had real peace in the Middle East.

Hugh Hewitt: Well, that would have stunned me because I think they're fanatics and you can't deal with them. But let me tell some of my affiliates we're going to a break here.

Donald Trump: You couldn't tell when they had no money, I'll tell you.

Hugh Hewitt: You're right.

Donald Trump: You could have dealt with them when they had no money.

Hugh Hewitt: Let me ask you, Mr. President, about the other side of the world, about China. In the two debates, your debate on ABC and JD Vance's debate on NBC, the name Xi Jinping was not brought up. Are those networks compromised by their need of the China market to be open to them?

Donald Trump: Well, they don't bring him up, because Biden is compromised by China. He's had a lot of -- he gets a lot of money from China, or he got a lot of money from China, tremendous amount of money. And he's totally compromised. And with China, what he's done with China is amazing. Now, my tariffs that they left -- you notice that they left my tariffs?

Donald Trump: You know why? Because they make so much money, and they hold China back from taking our steel industry and other things. You know, we had tariffs on steel. They've left almost all my tariffs. They would love to get rid of them. But tariff, to me, is a beautiful world. Now, I'm not going to -- you're not arguing it. You said -- you know, I stopped wars with tariffs.

Donald Trump: I had no wars at all other than I finished off ISIS. The nice part, I finished off, I got rid of ISIS. And you know, nobody thought they could do that. You know, the ISIS was supposed to take five years to get rid of, I got rid of it in a month. We have great military. Let me tell you, we have great generals.

Donald Trump: Not the guys you see on television, Milley and Mattis and these guys. They are terrible. They are terrible. They're just like fronts. But we have great generals, and we have great soldiers. And there's not -- they're not woke. Don't think they are. You could put them in a woke machine for two years, and they'd come out, they wouldn't be woke.

Donald Trump: They're not -- these are not woke people. They can't be woke people. Mentally, they can't be.

Hugh Hewitt: But, you know, there's a recruitment crisis, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Hugh Hewitt: The only people that made their number were the Marines. Can you fix that?

Donald Trump: It's very easy to fix. They're ashamed of our military. They're ashamed of our military. They don't want to be in our military. They did -- you know, the whole mandate thing was a disaster for the military, the mandate where they insisted everybody do this and that. That was a disaster for our military. And I met people over the last couple of days.

Donald Trump: They left the military because of the mandate was a disaster for us. Our military will be fine once you have a president that's intelligent, OK? We have dummies.

Hugh Hewitt: All right, Mr. President. I want to go back to Xi Jinping.

Donald Trump: These people -- just so you understand, these people are not intelligent people that are running our country.

Hugh Hewitt: No.

Donald Trump: But President Xi is extremely intelligent. And, you know, when I say that, the press goes, "Oh, he called him intelligent." Yeah, he runs 1.4 billion people. He's not -- and he runs it with an iron fist. These are very smart people. They're at the top of their game, the leaders of the country. And we have two people that are mentally deficient.

Hugh Hewitt: You know, you and I have a friend in common in Richard Nixon. And he went and saw Mao, and he went and saw Brezhnev, and he met with everyone. He didn't agree with everyone, but he met with everyone. What do you think Kamala Harris would do in a meeting with Xi Jinping or Putin or Kim Jong Un?

Donald Trump: Well, it wouldn't be her. She's just a front. There are some vicious communists and vicious fascists and Marxists that are involved in our country. Let me tell you, we have the enemy from within. The enemy from within are bad people in our government. And you see them on occasion. And what about Nancy Pelosi?

Donald Trump: She owns a lot of Visa stock. They sue Visa, the Department of Justice, or injustice, as I call it, sues Visa, and viciously, but she sold her stock the day -- she had it for years. She sold her stock the day before the lawsuit. Nothing happens to her, and it's hardly a story. She got out. But these are bad people.

Donald Trump: She's a bad person. I call her crazy Nancy. She's crazy as a bedbug. When you have people coming in --

Hugh Hewitt: When you see Kamala Harris, though, go on air, and say I'm going to build 3 million houses, I know how to build houses and what goes into it, the EPA, the Army Corps of Engineers, the US Fish and Wildlife Service.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Right. Right.

Hugh Hewitt: The state, the local, you develop all over the world. Does she have any idea what she's talking about? The government can't build 3 million houses. They can't build a Lego set.

Donald Trump: No, no. She's nuts, OK? She's nuts. She's worse than him. Now, he's out of it, and he's been out of it for a long time. And I knew that. I used to talk about that with you, and people said what are you talking about.

Hugh Hewitt: Yes, you did.

Donald Trump: He was out of it, and he was exposed in the debate. And if I didn't have that debate, you know, I'd probably be running against him. But I actually think that, maybe, he would have been tougher than her, because they're starting to find out that she's mentally deficient now. And people don't want to have another four years of a mentally deficient person.

Hugh Hewitt: Well, she also wants to give $25,000 to new homebuilders. That'll just drive up the price of houses, and then she says --

Donald Trump: That's going to drive the prices up, yeah. Your price is going to be $100,000 dollars more now. No, no, everything they want to do is wrong. First of all, you have to let the private sector do it. You just have to let them do it. She wants to go into government housing. She wants to go into government feeding.

Donald Trump: She wants to feed people. She wants to feed people governmentally. She wants to -- she wants to go into a communist party type of a system. When you look at the things that she proposes, they're so far off. She has no clue. How about allowing people to come through an open border, 13,000 of which were murderers.

Donald Trump: Many of them murdered far more than one person, and they're now happily living in the United States. You know, now, a murderer, I believe this, it's in their genes. And we've got a lot of bad genes in our country right now. They left -- they had 425,000 people come into our country that shouldn't be here that are criminals.

Donald Trump: And you know one of the worst stats? Three hundred twenty-five thousand young children are missing. Can you imagine if that was my --

Hugh Hewitt: It's astonishing what's happened. I can't believe anyone's going to vote for them.

Donald Trump: Can you imagine if that was Trump?

Hugh Hewitt: Now, I want to turn to the campaign, and then I want to turn to Jack Smith. On the campaign, Mr. President, it appears to me that you're going to win Michigan, which is -- Michigan has the largest ArabAmerican population in the country. It's got a large Jewish American population as well. You're winning both groups.

Hugh Hewitt: It's like, the Arab American Institute said you're tied, 42-41, with Kamala Harris among Arab Americans. How can that be? Why are they voting for you and Jewish Americans in greater numbers than ever before?

Donald Trump: Because I want to see everything get worked out. I want peace. I don't want to see people killed. I want peace, and they know that. And the Jewish people know that. And both sides like it, and know that I can get peace. I'll get it, just like I did. We had no wars with Trump. You know, there were no wars with Trump.

Donald Trump: People don't realize it. I took over ISIS, and I decimated ISIS. They were gone in one month. It was supposed to take five years, according to Mattis. It was supposed to take five years. I went over to Iraq, and I worked with some real generals, General "Raisin" Caine. I had some real generals over there.

Donald Trump: Lucky, I went over there. You get out of Washington, it's like -- it's actually a very good -- we have great military. Our military is great. Don't let anyone tell you. It needs help. I rebuilt it, but now we have to do more, because they gave so much of it away. You know, they gave so much of it away, random tanks, random planes --

Hugh Hewitt: Oh, we need so many submarines. We need so many ships. Let me close here, Mr. President. I want to wrap up by 9. The chief legal analyst for CNN is a leftist, liberal, Elie Honig, former --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Hugh Hewitt: assistant United States attorney for New York, Harvard Law, chief legal analyst for CNN. And I want to quote him. "The larger, if less obvious headline, is that Jack Smith has essentially abandoned any pretense. He'll bend any rule, switch up any practice so long as he gets to chip away at Trump's electoral prospects.

Hugh Hewitt: At this point, there's simply no defending Smith's conduct on any sort of principled or institutional basis." I agree 1,000 percent with it. It's an unconstitutional appointment as the judge in Florida ruled.

Donald Trump: Right.

Hugh Hewitt: But, well, he's trying to influence the election. Do you think anyone notices?

Donald Trump: And the judge is, too, because the judge should have never let that come out. It was all nonsense anyway. It's just like the other one. Remember the Florida case? They said, "That's the biggest case, the biggest case." I won it in totality. It's done. That was the biggest case. I'm winning these things all over.

Donald Trump: It's pure election interference. Here's the only thing good about it. The public really gets it. My question was will they get it? They have weaponized the Justice Department. Never done before in this country. It's done in third-world countries and banana republics. They've weaponized the Justice Department.

Donald Trump: And the public gets it. And the Supreme Court got it, too. Thank goodness the Supreme Court --

Hugh Hewitt: Well, if you would -- last time you were on, you said you were going to put out a list of maybe Supreme Court justices and maybe your national security team.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Hugh Hewitt: Do you have someone in mind for attorney general? because DOJ is on its back. The FBI is on its back. And there are great men and women in both places, but they need leadership at every level.

Donald Trump: Well, first of all, if you did a poll in the FBI, I'm at 97 percent. But that one little floor, I'm not doing too well at. But the agents, they love Trump. They love me so much. They want me back so much. They want to straighten out everything, and we're going to get it straightened out. Look, this is a corrupt administration, the most corrupt administration in history.

Donald Trump: They're also incompetent. They're grossly incompetent. I mean, when you see Tucker, when you see this -- think of this. Hunter, Hunter Biden is getting $500,000 for a painting, and he's sold many of them for half a million. You know, when that one came up, I said, "That's too far." Your famous "Where's Hunter?" He's selling paintings.

Donald Trump: That one's too far. That one, they can't get away with. They got away with it. Getting $500,000 dollars a painting, he never painted before. He's painting. And he doesn't even do it. He has other people paint them. The whole thing is -- this is the most corrupt administration. Do you remember in the debate with him, the original when I had that low-life Chris Wallace doing it, and I said, "Why is he getting $3.5 million dollars from the mayor of Moscow's wife?

Donald Trump: Why?" And Chris Wallace wouldn't let me ask. He couldn't answer the question. Chris Wallace stepped in and said, "Well, we're not going to be talking about that." Three months later, it became a big deal. You know, they were asking the same question. This is -- this is the most corrupt administration in history.

Hugh Hewitt: Well, they closed it out in time. Let me close with Pennsylvania. We're on in Scranton and Philly, we're on in Pittsburgh. We're on in Erie. I want to focus on Pennsylvania. Kamala Harris wants to pretend that she's in favor of fracking. I don't believe her.

Donald Trump: No.

Hugh Hewitt: Fracking depends upon the EPA, the Army Corps of Engineers, the US Fish and Wildlife Service. She will shut it down quietly. She'll smother it to death. Do you think Pennsylvanians believe her?

Donald Trump: I think they don't believe anything she says. Everything she says is a lie, you know, is a total lie. Look, she had one thing in her resume. It was a big deal. You know, I talk about it a lot, because it's so simple for people to understand. I worked at McDonald's, she said. I worked there. "Oh, it was so hard.

Donald Trump: It was so this. I worked there for so long. It was so terrible." She worked over the french fries, OK? "It was so terrible, the heat was so --" she never worked there, OK? That was one of many lies. Now, that was sort of -- you know, it's a bigger lie than people think. What I like is it's so simple to understand.

Donald Trump: You know, a lot of her lies, you know, they go around. Although she doesn't lie in a complicated way because her mind doesn't work that way. She's not a smart person. She's a low-IQ individual. And this country can't have a low-IQ person doing this for another four years. We had it for four years with him.

Donald Trump: We can't have a low-IQ person. She's a stupid person. We can't have a stupid person as our president. There will be no fracking in Pennsylvania, hundred percent. They'll keep the electric car mandate, which is the dumbest thing anyone's ever heard. All of the things that they want to do. But the worst of all that they're going to keep, we'll end up in World War III, OK? That's probably number one.

Hugh Hewitt: Would you please name your national security team like Grenell and O'Brien and Cotton?

Donald Trump: Oh, a lot of the people that you like are going to be there, OK? And I can name all the people that you like, and I like the same people. So, you'll have those people, and you'll have more. And the beauty is what I got through. And I had a lot of great people, Lighthizer, I had so many great people.

Hugh Hewitt: Oh, Ashtabula. You bet.

Donald Trump: And some of the bad ones, it's nice, I know who they are. I know the good ones, the smart ones. I know the dummies. I know the weak ones. I know the people. When I got there, remember, I was a developer from New York. I took a crash course. And I have great people. We have great people lined up. You see that.

Donald Trump: I think --

Hugh Hewitt: Last question, Mr. President. A guest earlier told me today you're going to New York to Brooklyn to the Rebbe's funeral place. Congratulations.

Donald Trump: Right. I am.

Hugh Hewitt: Very smart move on 10/7. It's a somber day. Do you think Israel will recover fully?

Donald Trump: I think Israel will recover, and maybe recover much stronger than the past. I think what they've done with the pagers, I mean, the pagers, did you ever hear anything like that?

Hugh Hewitt: Right.

Donald Trump: But with the walkie talkies and pagers and all of the different things, I mean, I think they've shown a level of warfare that's been pretty amazing, whether you're for them or not for them. It's been amazing. Israel would be good -- I think that Israel has to do one thing. They have to get smart about Trump because they don't back me. I did more for Israel than anybody.

Donald Trump: I did more for the Jewish people than anybody. And it's not reciprocal, as they say, not reciprocal.

Hugh Hewitt: I think your numbers are rising with Jewish Americans. They may not say it out loud, but I think they're rising, Mr. President. And I --

Donald Trump: But we should have a hundred percent, and I'll never hit that, but we should have a hundred percent. But it's been an honor talking to you. You're a real professional. You really are, Hugh.

Hugh Hewitt: Thank you, Donald Trump. Keep coming back after you're president again. Good to talk to you.

Donald Trump: I will, hundred percent.

Hugh Hewitt: Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you.