Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-brian-kilmeade-fox-radio-july-10-2024

Brian Kilmeade: Joining us now, President Donald J. Trump. Mr. President, welcome back.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much, Brian. Big rally last night. I will say.

Brian Kilmeade: I know. It was good. I thought it was significant that you had the vice president kind of a home -- a vice presidential finalist. Marco Rubio introduced you. It makes sense because it's -- he's a Florida congressman.

Donald Trump: Right.

Brian Kilmeade: But what did you think of his speech? What did you think of -- what do you think about him now, knowing that it's only going to be days away from making an announcement?

Donald Trump: Well, he's very good. And we have some great people that we're looking at. We have, as they say, a deep bench. But Marco was great last night, very popular. And he's certainly one of the people that we're looking at. You know, over the next week or so, I'll announce. I'd love to do it during the convention.

Donald Trump: You know, in the old days, they did it during the convention, and it kept the convention very exciting, actually. So, we'll see about that. But pretty soon, we'll be announcing. But we have some great people, as you know. You know all of them.

Brian Kilmeade: Right. You got JD Vance, who's with Governor Burgum in North Dakota, and then you have Tim Scott. Those are the four finalists. Should I expand that at all if I'm thinking comprehensively about what's on your mind?

Donald Trump: Well, you could. You know, I think I'm pretty well set in my own mind. But, you know, you got some good people, and I have changed a little bit, but you have -- they're all great. Anyone would be fantastic. Anyone would be a lot better than laughing Kamala. She's terrible. Kamala is just terrible. You know, she was in charge of the border.

Donald Trump: She never went there.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: And she was in charge of trying to get a little peace action going for Ukraine. That didn't work out too well. He went to war, instead of peace. There was war instead of peace. I wouldn't say she did too well on that. No, the whole group is a disaster. Biden is a disaster. Not a good guy either because he weaponized government.

Donald Trump: And he's a bad guy. He's a crook, and he weaponized government. And, you know, somebody told me, "Oh, I feel sorry for him," because at the debate, he was so pathetic. They said, "I feel sorry for him." I said, "Don't feel sorry for him. He's a bad guy. He's absolutely a bad guy, and he's destroyed this country.

Donald Trump: He's absolutely destroyed this country." So, I said, "Don't feel badly for him."

Brian Kilmeade: Mr. President, also, when you talk about finalists for this, I'm wondering if it factors in that Joe Biden not -- might not be the nominee and if does that factor in who you pick? Because a lot of people think it's got to be Kamala to be No. 1, she goes and picks a battleground state governor like Shapiro or Whitmer.

Brian Kilmeade: Does that change your thinking? Maybe you need Virginia and you might want to go get a Youngkin.

Donald Trump: I don't think it does. You know, I've asked that question a lot. Am I waiting for that, you know, for the ax to fall? And frankly, you know, I'm -- I'm amazed that -- I -- you know, I hope he can carry it on. I just assume. We planned for him. But whether we plan for him or anyone else, the planning, I think, is the same.

Donald Trump: It's a policy that the Democrats have: open borders, high taxes, high interest rates, being weak on foreign. I mean, look at how bad they're laughed at by everybody. This guy is walking around being laughed at by the leaders. I know all these leaders. He's being laughed at by the leaders of foreign countries.

Donald Trump: It's ridiculous that he's our president. But he'll probably stick it out. He looks like he's going to stick it out. And it's an incredible phenomenon. Nobody's ever seen like -- and he can't put two sentences together, it's --

Brian Kilmeade: But is he --

Donald Trump: Pretty incredible phenomena.

Brian Kilmeade: Mr. President, is it in your interest, is it easier, is that a better opponent for you than anybody else, Joe Biden? Is it -- I'll give you a quote from David Axelrod. He said, "Trump's not talking anything about Biden's bad debate. He's not running a blitzing campaign ads about the bad debate. Lara Trump last week said that it would be an affront to democracy if Biden were not the nominee.

Brian Kilmeade: Why is he doing that?" His conclusion is that you want Biden to be your opponent. Is that the right conclusion?

Donald Trump: No, I don't care if it's him or somebody else. It's also policy. It's more about policy than anything else. And these radical Democrats are all radical. Everyone that they're talking about is a radical left lunatic. And whether it's Biden or whether it's somebody else, I think it's the same. They want open borders.

Donald Trump: They want all the things we just discussed and much more. No -- no more gasoline-powered cars. They want you to go all-electric, which don't go far and made in China. Very expensive. You know, they want -- you know, as an example, I say it. It's almost embarrassing to have to even say it, that they want men playing in women's sports, and I want the opposite.

Donald Trump: So, you know, I mean, it's --

Brian Kilmeade: So, it's policies, not the person.

Donald Trump: Almost an opposite philosophy. It's actually, Brian, an opposite philosophy. What's good and true and right, they almost want to -- in all cases, they want the opposite. The green new scam is costing us trillions of dollars. It's ridiculous. They're wasting money.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: And they're -- then, of course, tremendous inflation. And we're going to stop all that.

Brian Kilmeade: So, Ian Bremmer, I think you know for the president of Eurasia Group, said NATO allies -- more -- and other countries are very concerned about what it would mean if Donald Trump were to become president given his stated policies on Russia, Ukraine, and NATO, and the EU. Should they be concerned?

Donald Trump: No, they should be happy because you wouldn't have had Ukraine attacked if I were president. You wouldn't have had it. I had a very good relationship with President Putin. We got along very well. That's a good thing, not a bad thing, by the way. The fake news says, "Oh that's terrible." Don't forget, I was the one that stopped the pipeline.

Donald Trump: That was the biggest thing that ever happened economically to Russia. I stopped it. Biden came in and he approved it. I mean, you tell me --

Brian Kilmeade: Nord Stream 2.

Donald Trump: Who's tougher on Russia. I add sanctions --

Brian Kilmeade: And now, they stopped [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: That -- I had sanctions that he never had. I had -- what I did with Russia was very tough, but I got along with Putin. You wouldn't have had -- you wouldn't have had Ukraine attacked by Russia if I were president. You wouldn't have had Israel attacked on October 7th if I were president. You wouldn't have inflation if I were president.

Donald Trump: We would have had a much different -- this would be a much different country because, right now, we're a failing country. We're a mess.

Brian Kilmeade: But, Mr. President, in terms of NATO, there's people that believe that you want to get out of NATO. Is that what you want to do?

Donald Trump: No, I just want them to pay their bills. We're protecting Europe. They take advantage of us very badly. Not so much worse. I tell you what, very badly. You look at China. It's -- you know, China is terrible, but I straightened them out. And then we had COVID, and I had to focus on other things. And we did an incredible job.

Donald Trump: We got it back. We saved the country. This country would had gone into a massive depression if I weren't president. And I gave him a stock market that was higher than pre-COVID when COVID first came in. And what he's done to the economy is horrible because of inflation. The costs have gone up at a level -- I think it's close to 50%, not 20% or 25%.

Brian Kilmeade: So, you're not looking to get out of NATO?

Donald Trump: Actually, they cost -- they don't -- they don't include -- you know, they don't include the real costs, OK? When something really goes haywire like interest rates, they don't include that in their cost of inflation. But what they've done with inflation and what they've done to this country by allowing millions of people -- I think 20 million people will be the number by the time this guy gets out.

Donald Trump: Hopefully, November 5th is going to be the biggest day, most important day in the history of our country. But you're talking about 20 million people, many coming from institutions -- mental institutions, insane asylums, coming from jails and prisons all over the world. Do you know that other countries have the best crime numbers they've ever had?

Brian Kilmeade: Because they're sending them all here.

Donald Trump: Because they're sending all their criminals into the United States. Not just South America. They're sending all of their criminals, Brian, into the United States. We're going to have a problem, and we're going to get them out.

Brian Kilmeade: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But this is what they're doing.

Brian Kilmeade: And I think that there's a lot more sentiment now to get rid of sanctuary cities than there were in 2016 when you ran because we got 67,000 in New York. I want you to know what President Biden said about NATO last night. He says allies are paying. Cut 31. [Commercial break] So, he's taking credit for that.

Brian Kilmeade: Should he?

Donald Trump: Of course, he shouldn't. They're under attack. With me, there was no attack. Everybody felt comfortable. And I took in billions and billions -- hundreds of billions of dollars. Stoltenberg, the secretary general, said, "Trump did something I didn't think was possible." I took in the money that he's spending right now.

Donald Trump: If I didn't take it in, they wouldn't even have a NATO to fight Russia. It was me that took in all the money. But they felt comfortable because, frankly, they weren't going to be attacked. They knew Russia would never attack as long as I was president. When he became president, of course, they're paying right now.

Donald Trump: They're under attack. If they didn't pay right now, the United States, if they were smart, would say, "Well, I'm sorry, we can't protect you." Because they have the money to pay. But he makes a big deal out of it. Think of it. They're under attack. He is such a dumb president, it's not even believable. Of course, they're paying.

Donald Trump: They don't want to be attacked. They don't want -- they want to make sure Russia -- the United States stays right behind them. Russia doesn't attack them.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: But it's real easy to get money when you're at war with Russia.

Brian Kilmeade: Understood. Yet -- so -- so they have sanctions on Russia, and the people that are going around those sanctions are India. Who -- Modi is a friend of yours. Yesterday, the day that Vladimir Putin rockets a children's hospital, he gives him a bear hug. Does that bother you?

Donald Trump: Well, who knows what he knew? And frankly, I -- I do get along very well with Modi. I get along with most of the -- the people. And that's a good thing, by the way, not a bad thing. It's a very good thing because we want to stay out of wars. You know, this -- this fool we have as a president, he's a fool.

Donald Trump: He got us into Ukraine. Because of him, Israel was attacked. Now, the Middle East is blowing up like it -- like you haven't seen it in a long time. I took everyone out. I got out of the Middle East. I wiped out ISIS. I rebuilt our military. I wiped out ISIS in four weeks. It was supposed to take five years.

Donald Trump: I knocked out ISIS in four weeks. Got rid of the worst terrorists in the world.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: And did a job. This -- this country was safe, and the whole world was safe. Look, if you look at Viktor Orban, who's the -- the big chief, the big boss over there. You know that.

Brian Kilmeade: Hungary.

Donald Trump: Hungary.

Brian Kilmeade: Yeah.

Donald Trump: He said, "The only way the world is going to be safe is if Trump comes back as president." He said, "When Trump was back --" As he used a different word. I wouldn't have used it, but that's OK. He said, "China was afraid of him. Russia was afraid of him. Everyone was afraid of him." There was no war at all.

Donald Trump: We had no war. We didn't have Russia and Ukraine. They weren't even thinking about it.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: We didn't have -- take a look at Taiwan. That's going to be next. Take a look at what President Xi of China is doing with Taiwan.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: We are -- we are really in very -- we're very close to World War III, all because we have an idiot president.

Note: [Commercial break]

Brian Kilmeade: So, let's look at the Middle East. If -- with -- Iran has a new president. They are supposedly very -- in a very short time about to get a nuclear weapon. Does Donald Trump -- President Trump, if you take over in January of -- of -- and you hope to, does -- does he allow Iran to get a nuclear weapon? What would you do at this point?

Donald Trump: Iran should not have a nuclear weapon. They should have never been in a position where they could have had. If I were president, they wouldn't even be thinking about a nuclear weapon. And now, they're months away from getting one because Biden doesn't have any idea what he's doing. He's grossly incompetent and he has no idea.

Donald Trump: Iran should never be allowed to have a nuclear weapon, and Biden should never have allowed them to get this far. They're way -- they're way advanced now.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: They would -- they would have never even been thinking about nuclear weapons if I were president. That's the one thing. And I would have made a deal with Iran. We would have made a deal with Iran within one week after the election. But after the election, why would they make a deal? They said, "We're going to deal with somebody else.

Donald Trump: We're going to start dealing now with a stupid person." And that's what they're dealing with.

Brian Kilmeade: Would you be --

Donald Trump: They're very close to having -- they're very close to having a nuclear weapon.

Brian Kilmeade: Would you be holding back weapons from Israel like President Biden is doing now?

Donald Trump: Israel has got to finish the job. The answer is no. But Israel has got to finish the job.

Brian Kilmeade: Which means getting Sinwar and wiping out Hamas?

Donald Trump: Got to let them go and do the job. They've got to finish the job.

Brian Kilmeade: Understood.

Donald Trump: And Biden knows that, too. But Biden doesn't know -- you know, Brian, Biden -- if you look at the Palestinians, they can't stand Biden. He's being hit by every side. Nobody likes him. Israel doesn't like him, and the Palestinians don't like him.

Brian Kilmeade: Understood.

Donald Trump: Because he has no idea where he is. Nobody has any idea.

Brian Kilmeade: Did you see the --

Donald Trump: He doesn't have any idea where he is.

Brian Kilmeade: Did you see a big dip -- you haven't seen --

Donald Trump: You know, you're dealing with a very -- you're dealing with a very low-IQ individual. You do know that.

Brian Kilmeade: Well, after three and a half -- you hadn't seen him in three and a half years, and, well, you saw him at 2020 at two debates. What was the difference between the 2020 Joe Biden and the 2024 Joe Biden?

Donald Trump: Well, I thought he wasn't good at the debates. I thought I beat him badly in both debates. Some people said I was too aggressive in the first one and should have let him talk more, which I probably would agree with that. But I beat -- I beat him in both debates easily by every standard. And second debate, he was saying things that were crazy.

Donald Trump: He talked about energy. Remember the last question? I said, "It's Perry Mason time," you know, meaning, he said -- he admitted something that he should have never said. But no, I think -- I mean, he was worse on this one, but I don't know.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: You know, something --

Brian Kilmeade: Do you think he was --

Donald Trump: Maybe something is wrong. Maybe something -- look, he has the delegates. He's allowed to run. They're not going to stop him. He's allowed to run if he wants to. The only thing that can stop him, if he decides he can't do the job.

Brian Kilmeade: A couple of things.

Donald Trump: And that's a big admit. You know, if he decides he can't do the job, you know, that's a very big -- that's a very big statement. He shouldn't have been doing it anyway. Look, he's done a horrible job. We're in wars all over the place. We have inflation, the likes of which no one's ever seen before. We're not respected on the world stage.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: We had the most embarrassing event in the history of our country, Afghanistan. Not that we got out because I was getting out, but I was getting out with strength and dignity. The way he got out was so embarrassing to our country.

Brian Kilmeade: And we -- and we seem to --

Donald Trump: It looks like a --

Brian Kilmeade: Yeah.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] You know, that was one of the major reasons Putin went in. When Putin saw how incompetent Milley and all these guys were, he said, "This is a great time to go in and take Ukraine," which is, by the way, the apple of his eye.

Brian Kilmeade: So, a couple of things. Just looking at Nikki Haley yesterday, she said, "I'm giving -- I recommend all my delegates go to President Trump." And they said, "Are you -- are you going to the Republican convention?" And she says, "I have not been invited." Is -- is -- from your understanding, are you -- have you not invited her and would you want to invite her?

Brian Kilmeade: Is that an oversight or intentional?

Donald Trump: Well, I'll take a look at that. I mean, I have heard that this morning, so I'll take a look at that.

Brian Kilmeade: So, you would like to see her go?

Donald Trump: I don't know. I'm going to take a look at it. I want to see -- I know she gave her delegates over. You know, there was a lot of bad blood there. She stayed too long. She was being soundly defeated at every place, but she just wouldn't leave. And so, we had to continue onward for two extra months, which was ridiculous.

Donald Trump: And she was doing badly. She was losing badly. But -- I mean, her mistake was she continued on. She just, you know, keep going. I had that the first time, too. You know, I had a gentleman from Ohio continued on. He just wouldn't --

Brian Kilmeade: Kasich.

Donald Trump: You know, he just kept going. He wasn't getting anything, he wasn't doing anything, he wasn't getting any votes, but he continued on. There's a time to which you leave. You know, Ron DeSantis left right after Iowa. She should have left right after Iowa. She came in third. She didn't come in second. Ron came in second.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: But he left after Iowa because he saw there was no way he could win.

Brian Kilmeade: So, you're still a little angry that she stayed in so long?

Donald Trump: Well, she came in third, there was no way. So, I'll just say this. You know, I wish she didn't stay so long.

Brian Kilmeade: Right. But do you think she helped you with moderates? That she had a group of people that maybe are hard for you to get?

Donald Trump: No. They're not going to vote for Biden. Biden is a low-IQ president. They're not going to vote for him. They're going to vote for Trump. And, you know, all the polls are showing that we have very big numbers. I think bigger than the polls. I mean, I -- I watch Fox. I watched yesterday the classic John Roberts, except, you know, Fox always tells me you can't use Rasmussen.

Donald Trump: I send him these great polls, my people do, and they won't use them. And then John Roberts said, "Oh, the Democrats sent us a poll. This is a poll." And it had me, like, leading Biden by one. I'm -- we're leading by huge numbers.

Brian Kilmeade: Well.

Donald Trump: But, you know, they put on -- John Roberts puts on a poll. I guess it was John Roberts. He puts on a poll where it was given to them, leaked by the Democrats. Of course, what does he think -- what does he think they're going to leak him? It wasn't even a real poll. Nobody ever heard of it.

Brian Kilmeade: Well, we both think John Roberts --

Donald Trump: The poll that was leaked by the Democrats.

Brian Kilmeade: Yeah. Well, we -- he just shared it, but we both love John Roberts. The biggest pole shift in the -- in the -- in this election cycle just happened yesterday, all going your direction. And now, the Politico says that New York is in play. So, you have Minnesota now in play. You have New Hampshire now in play.

Brian Kilmeade: Virginia now in play. And now, they're saying New York is in play.

Donald Trump: Well, I think the whole country is in play. We have a low-IQ president, and they don't like it. We had a great country four years ago.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: We were respected all over the world. I beat ISIS, and there were no wars. There were no wars started.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: There were no wars contemplated. We weren't going to have any wars -- in the world, we weren't going to.

Brian Kilmeade: Gotcha.

Donald Trump: And what Viktor Orban said is he said that he's talking about the world. He said the world is going to blow up unless Trump is put in --

Brian Kilmeade: Well, I am --

Donald Trump: Because these people did respect me.

Brian Kilmeade: No, I hear you.

Donald Trump: And they respected our country.

Brian Kilmeade: So, now, you'd look at this platform. I know Michael Waltz and Marsha Blackburn worked on it, too, and you simplified it. And for the first time --

Donald Trump: Right.

Brian Kilmeade: No nationwide ban on abortion for the first time in 40 years. IVF is OK with you. No mention of traditional marriage because I guess we're pulling -- you're pulling back on that a little. It seems as though this is something that's targeting moderates. What was your approach to this platform?

Donald Trump: Well, it's not targeting moderates. It's common sense. They basically had, in some cases, gay bans. I don't want that. I'm -- it's not what we're about. They had other things that are ridiculous. The abortion issue is much simplified right now because I brought it out, you know, by getting rid of Roe v. Wade.

Donald Trump: That was an incredible thing because after 52 years -- and everybody wanted this, Democrats, Republicans, and all legal scholars wanted it. They didn't want it to be in the federal government. They said it's a states issue. And I was able to bring it back into the states. And now, the states are voting. And honestly, in some cases, the votes are liberal; and in some cases, it's more conservative.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: But the states are now voting. And it's the people that are voting. But, you know, Brian, the people are voting, and it's the way it was supposed to be. If you remember, for 52 years, they've been trying to get it so it's states -- it's in the states, but it got stuck in the federal government with Roe v. Wade.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: I was able to get that out. That was a great service. Now -- and it's turning out very liberal. Look at Ohio. Ohio went for something that's much more, I will call it, liberal than --

Brian Kilmeade: Gotcha.

Donald Trump: People would have thought. But, you know --

Brian Kilmeade: But yet, that's firmly in your column by about nine points. Could we just go quickly --

Donald Trump: It's now a vote of the people.

Brian Kilmeade: Real quick.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Brian Kilmeade: On your --

Donald Trump: It's the vote of the people.

Brian Kilmeade: On your vice president candidate, word is that you won't pick JD Vance because of his facial hair. Is that -- is that true?

Donald Trump: No.

Brian Kilmeade: Facial hair [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: I've never heard that one.

Brian Kilmeade: Number two, Doug --

Donald Trump: No. He still looks good.

Brian Kilmeade: Doug Burgum, the thing that hurts --

Donald Trump: He looks like a young Abraham Lincoln.

Brian Kilmeade: Right. He's a -- he's a handsome man. Doug -- Doug Burgum.

Donald Trump: No, he's a nice guy.

Brian Kilmeade: On abortion in North Dakota, he signed something, a legislation they handed to him. Does that hurt him?

Donald Trump: Well, it's a little bit of an issue. It's a pretty strong ban. You know, I think Doug is great, but it is a strong -- he's taken a very strong stance or the state has. I don't know if it's Doug, but the state has.

Brian Kilmeade: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's -- so it's -- it's an issue.

Brian Kilmeade: And lastly, Marco Rubio --

Donald Trump: Everything is an issue.

Brian Kilmeade: Yeah. Marco Rubio and being from Florida, would that stop you from -- from picking him?

Donald Trump: No, but it does make it more complicated. You know, you do that and it makes it more complicated. There are people that don't have that complication. Now, it's fairly easily fixed, but you have to do something with delegates or there has to be a resignation, you know, etc., etc. So, it's not like picking some people where it's very easy, where there is none of that.

Donald Trump: Florida, meaning two people can't be running on the same ticket. You actually can, but they take delegates, and taking delegates is, you know, a very risky thing to do, right?

Brian Kilmeade: See you in Milwaukee, Mr. President. Thanks so much for the quality time for our audience and thanks so much for the insight. Do you think you'll make your pick tomorrow of vice president?

Donald Trump: No. Not tomorrow. I'll make it close to the convention. I would love to do it. You know, it used to be picked during the convention, Brian. And it made the convention, frankly, more interesting. The pick used to be during the convention. That's what I'd like to do. But, you know, with --

Brian Kilmeade: Secret Service.

Donald Trump: Modern technology --

Brian Kilmeade: Yes.

Donald Trump: If you can believe it, it's like everything else. And like voting used to be better with all paper ballots. I mean, modern technology, there's a lot of things, and it makes it easier --

Brian Kilmeade: Gotcha.

Donald Trump: If you pick before the convention.

Brian Kilmeade: Mr. President, thanks.

Donald Trump: But I'd love to be the old-fashioned way and do it during the convention.

Brian Kilmeade: All right. You do -- you do make the final pick there. You'll make that choice. Mr. President, thanks so much. Have a great day.