Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-lawrence-jones-fox-news-barbershop-bronx-october-17-2024

Donald Trump: Nice to see you all.

Unidentified: Nice to see you.

Donald Trump: Wow. How are you? Nice to see you?

Unidentified: Good, sir. How are you?

Donald Trump: How good are the barbers here?

Unidentified: Excellent.

Donald Trump: I'll bet.

Unidentified: Excellent. Excellent.

Donald Trump: Let's see. I can see they're good. They look good to me. Nice soft floor. What's that all about?

Unidentified: [inaudible] [inaudible]

Donald Trump: What is this -- wrestling matches? Thank you. Nice to see you all. How are you? Nice to see you?

Unidentified: Thanks, Mr. President. Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Big hands, strong guy, big --

Javiel Rodriguez Sr.: How are you?

Donald Trump: How are you? Nice to see you?

Javiel Rodriguez Sr.: How are you doing, Trump?

Donald Trump: So, you're the owner?

Javiel Rodriguez Sr.: My son is the owner, the youngest one.

Donald Trump: Oh, you did that very nice and easy?

Javiel Rodriguez Sr.: Oh, yeah.

Donald Trump: Is he as good as you?

Javiel Rodriguez Sr.: He's great.

Donald Trump: Good. Nice to see you.

Unidentified: [inaudible] I've been following you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Lawrence Jones: So, Mr. President, you know, I've been going to the barbershops all across the country.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Lawrence Jones: So, I wanted to have a natural conversation --

Donald Trump: Good.

Lawrence Jones: You know, with these folks right here. So, this fellow right here, he used to be in law enforcement for some years. What would you say is the most important issue facing the country right now?

Unidentified: For me, it's the border.

Donald Trump: Right, right.

Unidentified: It's the border --

Donald Trump: I agree.

Unidentified: And how to control that, how to keep illegal migrants from coming into the country. Very important for me. And if I had a question to -- to ask about it would be how do we do the -- how do we control the -- the city, sanctuary city, because New York is a --

Donald Trump: We get rid of them.

Unidentified: Yes.

Donald Trump: We get rid of them because they're sanctuary -- you know what they're for? Criminals, and all over the country. The criminals go there. But you're right, you know the polls are showing that inflation and the -- and not the border. The border is third. They have inflation and the economy as the No. 1 and No.

Donald Trump: 2 issue. I disagree. I think inflation is massive, the economy is massive, but the border to me is like -- it's the fabric of our country. And we had the strongest border in recorded history. Four years ago, you had a border -- you didn't have the problems that you have now. Last week, they announced that we had 13,099 convicted murderers released from jails all over the world.

Donald Trump: You know, it's not South America, it's all over the world, including South America. So, I agree with you. I think the biggest problem we have is the border. It's something -- and it's also the hardest thing to solve. And the only way you can solve it, you have to get the criminals, the murderers, you got to get them out.

Donald Trump: You got to get them out fast before they prey on our people.

Unidentified: And that was the big question for me because I'm a -- I'm a retired New York City detective.

Donald Trump: Right.

Unidentified: So, in New York here, we've -- we've run across that for -- all the time.

Donald Trump: The other problem you have is that you're not allowed to do your job.

Unidentified: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And when you were there -- you go back 10, 15 years, when you were there, you were allowed to do your job.

Unidentified: Yes.

Donald Trump: New York's finest. They're still New York's finest, but they're not allowed to do their job.

Unidentified: So, when you were president, I know for a fact I was able to do three things. I was able to see money, save money, spend money.

Donald Trump: Right.

Unidentified: Now, in the past almost four years now, I'm losing my business, basically.

Donald Trump: You're losing it?

Unidentified: The money's just not there.

Donald Trump: It's your business?

Unidentified: It's my business. I started it for the past 10 years. And the only time I knew I made it was when you were in office. So, I could speak for myself.

Donald Trump: Right.

Unidentified: And the thing is it's like I don't know what more to do. How can we make the economy come back?

Lawrence Jones: How -- how do you get to the bottom of it?

Donald Trump: So, here's what we're doing. Number one, it all began with the oil. They screwed around with what I did with oil. We had the greatest -- we were energy independent. You remember back four or five years ago, $1.87 for a gallon of gas. We actually had it lower than that for your car, $1.87. Now, it's at 3.

Donald Trump: 5, but it was much higher. They brought back my policies to break even. But by that time, the damage was done. And now, you have inflation and you have the cost so high. And they haven't gone down. We're going to do two things. Interest rates are going down, it's going to be brought down. It's going to be brought down fast.

Donald Trump: But much more importantly and quicker, we're going to drill, baby, drill. You've heard that, right? Drill, baby, drill. We're going to get our oil. We're going to have much more of it than we're going to do, four to five times more than we're doing right now. We can do that. These people are amazing.

Donald Trump: They can do it. And we'll be supplying it to Asia. We'll be supplying it to Europe. We'll be supplying it to everywhere. And that's going to bring down prices. It's going to bring down the cost of everything. If you make donuts -- when you look at these stores, they have trucks that deliver. They have stoves and ovens.

Donald Trump: You have your lighting, you have all this, you know, equipment. And all of that electric equipment that he's using on your beautiful head -- you have a good-looking head of hair. I'm jealous. Look at that flat top. I'd have a flat top. I wish I had a flat top. You never had -- you never had a hair loss problem, didn't you?

Unidentified: No.

Donald Trump: He's lucky. He's one of those gifted ones. Anyway, what -- what you do -- those machines are very expensive. They're running the machines. They're electric. When that comes down, every -- like in a shop like this, no matter what you do, it's about energy. We're going to bring it down, we're going to get the prices down.

Donald Trump: How is your rent done in terms of -- do you own the store, or is it rented?

Javiel Rodriguez Jr.: No, it's rented.

Donald Trump: And is your landlord a good guy? Is he OK?

Javiel Rodriguez Jr.: Yeah, he's a good guy. Yeah.

Donald Trump: You cut his hair, I hope.

Javiel Rodriguez Jr.: I mean, he comes in from time to time.

Donald Trump: You know what? If you -- if you're as good as your father says, right, and you cut his hair great, that's very important, the barber to a guy.

Javiel Rodriguez Jr.: Yeah.

Donald Trump: So, he could be a wealthy landlord, but he'll give you a low rent because having a good barber is a very important thing, I can tell you.

Javiel Rodriguez Jr.: Yeah.

Lawrence Jones: So, Mr. President, you got a young guy right there --

Donald Trump: That's a big thing, though, what he's --

Lawrence Jones: It's a -- it's a huge thing.

Donald Trump: So, how has your rent been? So, where was it like five years ago, the rent?

Javiel Rodriguez Jr.: I mean the rent was significantly -- significantly lower. Now, it's gone up about 1,200 since.

Donald Trump: Yeah. It's OK, it's a big increase.

Javiel Rodriguez Jr.: My issue was more of the energy. I've been paying 2,100 since I first opened up. And the last seven months it shot up to 15,000.

Donald Trump: What?

Javiel Rodriguez Jr.: Fifteen thousand. And that's --

Donald Trump: You went from 2,100 --

Javiel Rodriguez Jr.: To 15,000 at this establishment, yeah.

Donald Trump: How many heads can you -- can you take care of? That's -- that's a lot of heads.

Javiel Rodriguez Jr.: I mean -- yeah.

Javiel Rodriguez Sr.: It's crazy. It's like somebody's stealing electricity from us.

Donald Trump: So, it went from 2,100 to 15,000?

Javiel Rodriguez Jr.: Yeah. They added --

Donald Trump: So, there's an example, though. Energy, right? So, energy, when that comes down -- ready, I -- I almost hate to say it because you'd be at 7,000, right? But --

Javiel Rodriguez Jr.: Right.

Donald Trump: Your energy bill from January 20th, if I win -- we got to win.

Unidentified: [inaudible] [inaudible] [inaudible]

Donald Trump: And we're in -- by the way -- and we're in New York, and these guys love New York. If we win -- oh, I love this guy. Look at that.

Unidentified: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Give me that hat, I'm going to sign that.

Javiel Rodriguez Sr.: Here, here, here. Here it is. Here it is.

Donald Trump: Come on, give me that hat.

Javiel Rodriguez Sr.: Oh, sorry.

Donald Trump: I love this guy. Thank you very much. That's beautiful. I'll sign yours, too, look at that one.

Unidentified: Thank you.

Javiel Rodriguez Sr.: [inaudible]

Unidentified: So what's -- You might not be able to book him. He's very busy.

Javiel Rodriguez Sr.: I don't know why --

Unidentified: Yeah.

Donald Trump: He's going to keep busy for a long time. So, let me ask you. How much is it, like, a haircut, an average haircut? Guy comes in, he wants --

Javiel Rodriguez Sr.: Thirty dollars, $40.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Javiel Rodriguez Sr.: Right now, at this point.

Donald Trump: What did it used to be?

Javiel Rodriguez Sr.: Fifteen, 12, 15.

Donald Trump: Fifteen.

Javiel Rodriguez Sr.: Yeah.

Javiel Rodriguez Jr.: We're talking about 10 years ago. And now --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Javiel Rodriguez Jr.: We had to make -- make it make sense --

Donald Trump: Right.

Javiel Rodriguez Jr.: You know, like, we can't charge a regular price especially out here and not --

Donald Trump: Do you have guys like these guys? Do they come in and negotiate the price?

Javiel Rodriguez Jr.: Yeah. All the time. All time.

Donald Trump: They probably do. I would --

Lawrence Jones: What's your question for the president?

Javiel Rodriguez Jr.: What is the plan to do about the fast -- the food health care industry and getting the artificial foods bans -- banned in our urban communities that have less access to organic whole foods?

Donald Trump: So, Bobby Kennedy, right, everybody likes Bobby. And he's so big into the health, food, and women, things, everything, he wants to do things -- and the environment. And he endorsed me, the first time a Kennedy has ever endorsed a Republican. Maybe it's going to be the last, but I doubt it. And he's a great guy.

Donald Trump: He would be so perfect. He doesn't like artificial foods, and he doesn't like pesticides and all the stuff they put on him. And if you listen to him for 10 minutes, I mean, he says, "Other countries that don't do anything are healthier than us, OK?" We're not that healthy --

Unidentified: [inaudible]

Donald Trump: To put it mildly. So, no artificial foods. We don't want artificial -- we have plenty of food. The food isn't our problem. And our farmers are great, and our farmers aren't allowed to do their job. You know our farmers did great. Four years ago, they were doing the -- just about the best they've ever done.

Donald Trump: They're not doing well at all now. We're not going to have artificial foods. We don't want artificial foods, we want healthy foods. And a lot of things are going to be going. And I'll tell you, I'm going to have Bobby Kennedy involved in it. He's a great guy. And even the way -- when I mentioned his name, all of you guys -- and your tough cookies.

Donald Trump: You know, you wouldn't think -- sometimes, you'd say, maybe you wouldn't like a guy like Bobby. But he -- he's a person that talks more about food and health than anything else. So≤ I think that's cool. So, we'll get it -- we'll get it taken care of.

Javiel Rodriguez Jr.: Absolutely. Thank you.

Donald Trump: You'll be healthier in four years from now than you are now. And you look very healthy to me by the way.

Lawrence Jones: All right, brother.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Go ahead.

Lawrence Jones: What do you have for the president?

Unidentified: President Trump, my biggest concern is the future and the future generation.

Donald Trump: Right.

Unidentified: My kids' generation.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Unidentified: A lot of people are worried that attaining the American dream at this point in time and in the near future is going to be unattainable for this upcoming generation, which I have kids that are part of that generation.

Donald Trump: How many kids do you have?

Unidentified: I have two, a 17- and an 18-year-old.

Donald Trump: Good, good.

Unidentified: Now, the big one -- I believe one of the biggest hurdles we have when it comes to attaining that American dream is overtaxation.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Unidentified: When it comes to federal taxes --

Donald Trump: Right.

Unidentified: I know you -- we're going to bring back -- I'm sure you're going to start back up the pipeline.

Donald Trump: Right.

Unidentified: The Keystone Pipeline.

Donald Trump: In two minutes.

Unidentified: Which is going to generate an abundance of revenue.

Donald Trump: Right.

Unidentified: Also, with the tariffs that you've spoken of. So, my question is with all this extra revenue --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Unidentified: We're going to be bringing into the country, so do you believe, at some point in time, we could find a way once the country is back on its feet and getting enough revenue and paid off our debt?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Unidentified: Do you think it's possible to find a way to eliminate federal taxes for --

Donald Trump: There is a way. There is a way.

Unidentified: And how do you feel about it [inaudible]

Donald Trump: You know, in the old days, when we were smart, when we were a smart country, in the 1890s, you know, this is when the country was relatively the richest it ever was. It had all tariffs, it didn't have an income tax.

Unidentified: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: OK? Now, we have income taxes, and we have people that are dying. They're paying tax, and they don't have the money to pay the tax. Now, in the old days, 1890, 1880, we had so much money. They had to set up committees, blue ribbon committees, how to spend our wealth. We had no idea how to spend it. It was so much money.

Donald Trump: Then, we went to the income tax system, and the rest is sort of history. But, no, there is a way. I mean, if we -- if what I'm planning comes out -- it's a great question, by the way. Very --

Unidentified: Everyone could attain the American --

Donald Trump: You're a pretty sophisticated cat, you know?

Unidentified: Everyone could attain the American dream if it wasn't for the high cost that -- the burden of high taxes --

Donald Trump: Everything.

Unidentified: And we're taxed at every step of the way --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Unidentified: When we make it, when we spend it --

Donald Trump: Regulations. And regulations. So, I cut more regulations in four years than any other president by four times. Yeah. Let's go. You were going to ask one question.

Unidentified: What is one thing that you probably felt like you didn't do in your first term that you feel like you could do better now?

Donald Trump: I'll tell you, the one thing -- because I did -- look, we had the best economy with the best borders. We had a lot of -- so I did a lot of good stuff, rebuilt the military. It's all about people. I got to get the right people. You know, when I went there, I won -- 92 percent of the presidents, 92 percent, for the whole history of our country, were politicians.

Donald Trump: Eight percent were generals. No admirals, 8 percent were generals. That's it, that's 100 percent, 92 and 8. There were politicians and there were generals, General Washington, you know, etc., etc., George Washington. Thank you. You're doing very good at that?

Lawrence Jones: I got -- I got -- I got --

Donald Trump: I'm just going to sign this, give me that.

Lawrence Jones: I got longer arms than you.

Donald Trump: You do have longer arms. So, they were -- so, here's what we do. We take all of that, and we come -- and here comes Donald Trump down the line. And so, it's about people. It's all about people. I went to Washington 17 times in my entire life, so I wasn't a Washington person. I was a New York person. So, when I went to Washington, all of a sudden, I'm standing in the White House opposite the Lincoln bedroom, and I say, "Man, this is so amazing."

Donald Trump: But I didn't really know too many. So, I had to rely on people to give me recommendations for people, to run agencies to be secretary of this, secretary of that, all big stuff. And I didn't know anybody, I had to rely -- and I still did great. Look, we rebuilt the military, we knocked out ISIS. We did all these things, we did great.

Donald Trump: We had the best economy, we had the best everything. Everything was good. But I had some people that I -- if I had it to do again, I wouldn't have used. Now, I've been there four years plus another four that I'm sort of there in a way. I know the best people. To me, it's all about people. You got to have the right people.

Donald Trump: We have the best people lined up. We're going to do a great job. Listen, so I'm going down to see The Wall Street Journal. If I had my choice, I'd stay with you for two or three hours because you guys are great. You guys are the same as me, it's the same stuff. We were born the same way.

Unidentified: Yup.

Donald Trump: I grew up in Queens and all of that. I mean, you know, it's -- I had a great father. I had a father who was a great guy. He was tough but good, big heart; big, big heart. And he was a construction guy pretty much and a real estate guy, and I learned a lot from him. He was great. But I know you people so well.

Donald Trump: Without knowing you, I know you so well. When I walked in here, I said this is -- this is home territory, and I really appreciate it. And you are a fantastic -- I bet he's a fantastic father.

Javiel Rodriguez Sr.: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Take care of that guy, all right?

Lawrence Jones: I think we got time for one more, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: OK, good.

Lawrence Jones: Go ahead, brother.

Unidentified: Mr. President, there are thing that if --

Donald Trump: Is he a good barber, too?

Unidentified: Yeah.

Javiel Rodriguez Jr.: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Who's better you or him as a barber?

Unidentified: He is.

Donald Trump: How long have you worked here?

Unidentified: Eleven years.

Donald Trump: That's fantastic.

Unidentified: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Could he give me a good haircut, yeah?

Javiel Rodriguez Jr.: Absolutely.

Lawrence Jones: You going to do it?

Javiel Rodriguez Jr.: I mean --

Unidentified: That's the master right there.

Donald Trump: Who's the master? Is he the best?

Unidentified: That man right there. He's the oldest guy. Thirty-five years, I've been coming in 35 years.

Donald Trump: He looks like a young guy.

Unidentified: Yeah. I've been coming to him since 1991.

Donald Trump: That's great. Good job. You did a good job with your boy, I tell you, right?

Javiel Rodriguez Sr.: Yeah.

Donald Trump: You did a good job with your son?

Javiel Rodriguez Sr.: He's a great kid.

Donald Trump: He's doing good.

Javiel Rodriguez Sr.: I'm -- I'm proud of him.

Donald Trump: And do you have other kids, too?

Javiel Rodriguez Sr.: Yeah, I got four, four altogether, two girls and two boys.

Donald Trump: All good. I'll bet all good.

Javiel Rodriguez Sr.: They're all doing great.

Donald Trump: I can look at him and see that you all turned out --

Javiel Rodriguez Sr.: Yeah, I'm happy. I'm at peace.

Donald Trump: Do they work here too at all?

Javiel Rodriguez Sr.: No, no. One works with him in his restaurant.

Unidentified: Two of them work with me at the restaurant.

Donald Trump: Oh, good. What do you do?

Unidentified: I -- I'm a real estate investor --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Unidentified: And I own a restaurant and a bar.

Donald Trump: Good, great.

Unidentified: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Great. You look great.

Unidentified: I'm here next to the president. I got to look great. Mr. President, I think we can say here collectively -- I met all these guys today for the first time, but we all love America just like you. Amen. Yes. Yes. And that's why we're here.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Lawrence Jones: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Really nice. Thank you, and thank you.

Lawrence Jones: Thank you.