Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-brian-kilmeade-podcast-september-23-2024

Brian Kilmeade: Mr. President, we're now in the backstretch under 50 days. Is there a closing plan to close -- to close out the battleground states that's different from the previous 300?

Donald Trump: Well, there is a plan about closing, it's called closing the border and we're going to do that immediately and we're going to drill baby drill and we're going to bring down inflation. We're going to bring it -- we're going to cut prices. You have to cut prices, not just bring them to a level. You have to cut prices.

Donald Trump: But we're going to end up with the strongest economy anywhere in the world, and we're going to do it very quickly. We have more liquid gold under our feet than anybody. We're going to use it. And we're going to pay down debt. We're going to reduce taxes still further, and we're going to have a country back again.

Donald Trump: But most importantly and immediately, we're going to close our border because we have millions and millions of people pouring in from jails and prisons and mental institutions and terrorists, and we're not going to stand for it anymore.

Brian Kilmeade: 18,000 people out there. About another 18,000 on the outside in Nassau County, Long Island and you probably made a lot of them happy by saying, "Hey, I know I had in tax reform, I got rid of the SALT," but now you want to add that. Allow them to take their state and local taxes off their tax returns.

Donald Trump: We're really looking to do that and we want to do it for New York. We also want to win New York. We think we can because of what's happened with the migrant crisis. Everybody's coming into New York, people that frankly that just got out of prisons from the Congo and from the Middle East and from lots of other places.

Donald Trump: And the people of New York, look, I left here, this was a great place. Now, it's a place that's overrun by people that shouldn't be in our country, by very dangerous people, street gangs. You see what's happening in other states. It's not only in New York, but --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: -- you look at what's going on with the Venezuelan, taking over the real estate in Colorado with guns like even our military doesn't have, guns and rifles. So no, we got to turn it around. We're going to turn it around fast. We have to deport all of these criminals that have been brought in, and we will.

Brian Kilmeade: First time since 1988, the Teamsters have not endorsed a Democratic candidate. They didn't endorse anyone, but they released a poll. The poll shows their membership voted by -- for votes for -- is going to vote for you by about 20 points.

Donald Trump: Yes, are they're going to be --

Brian Kilmeade: What does that mean?

Donald Trump: -- we're up to almost 60 percent of the vote. Well, it's a great honor. I -- the Teamsters have been with me for a long time. We did a lot of buildings in New York. I did concrete buildings. They were the truck drivers for the concrete. And I --

Brian Kilmeade: So, you had no problems with the unions ever?

Donald Trump: I got along with the unions and I got along with non-unions, too. I got along with everybody. I was very good at building things and you know, you go to different parts of the country, you go down south and you don't have unions. And in New York, you have very strong unions, but I always got along with them.

Donald Trump: I got along with the Teamsters. Look, this is the first time in many decades that they haven't endorsed a Democrat, but they went out and they actually took a poll of the members and I was at 60 percent. That's pretty good. That's pretty good.

Brian Kilmeade: After seeing Kamala Harris, vice president for the first time, and debating her for the first time, and then seeing some of her follow up interviews, what kind of opponent is she?

Donald Trump: Well, I thought that she had a debate which was interesting because she wasn't answering any questions and I thought it was a great debate for me. I thought it was one of my best debates that I've ever had and some people disagreed. But I felt it was the strongest debate I ever had. I thought I was treated very unfairly by ABC.

Donald Trump: They had -- it was three on one, but that was OK, too.

Donald Trump: I thought we did really well. We exposed it. She told a lot of things that weren't true, and I told things that were true. Like as an example, when I said we have massive crime, I was interrupted by David Muir saying that crime has actually gone down. Well, no, the Justice Department, I don't know why they did this, but somebody maybe likes me over there.

Donald Trump: They just released, as you saw, numbers saying that crime is up 44 percent and beyond that in some categories. So, I was right and ABC hasn't apologized yet. No, I thought the debate was very good. My poll numbers are great. We just had a Rasmussen poll that I'm up six and I think we're doing very well. Don't forget it's a very unfair process.

Donald Trump: They did a coup of Biden. The Biden thing was over. We had the debate. It was a good debate and he was down either 19 or 21 points depending on which poll you look, and I figured that was going to be a win and they told him there was going to be a win and we want you out, and they actually did a coup and they put her in. And I actually believe if they -- when the people find out what she stands for, all of the things that she stands for, I think that we will do as well or better than we would have done against Biden.

Brian Kilmeade: Mark Penn, a Democratic pollster, is calling for an investigation of ABC and the moderators. He wants the communications pulled to see if they were talking to each other because of the fact check on you and none on them, and the questions and topics. Do you join in those questions?

Donald Trump: Sure, I do. I think they should be investigated and you know, they have to get a license from the federal government. They -- they asked me 9 or 11 different times about things that I was right on. In virtually every case, I was absolutely right, like the crime, like Charlottesville, like a lot of other things.

Donald Trump: They asked me about things that I was right on, and they didn't ask her anything about things that she was wrong on. And they knew that she -- bloodbath as an example. She knew, they all knew that she was wrong on these things.

Brian Kilmeade: You're talking finances.

Donald Trump: And so, so what is so sad is that they're allowed to do that. So, they interrupted me, but they didn't interrupt her and she was the one that was wrong.

Brian Kilmeade: You have a 50 -- a 50 percent cut, a 0.5 percent cut, a massive cut of the fed right before the election.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Brian Kilmeade: It's the first one -- you know, it's the biggest one in a long time.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Brian Kilmeade: Do you think politics plays a role in it or is it because inflation is tamed?

Donald Trump: Well, I think it's two things. I think our economy is terrible, so you could make the case for them, or it's politics or maybe it's a combination of both. But the economy is bad. Inflation is killing people. We're going to get the inflation way down. I'm going to reduce energy bills for people by 50 percent within the first 12 months.

Donald Trump: That's the kind of stuff we have. We have more liquid gold under our feet than any country in the world, Saudi Arabia, Russia. I'm going to reduce energy costs for people. That means air conditioning, heating, cars, everything by 50 percent and we'll do that within 12 months. And I'll be able to do it easily.

Brian Kilmeade: I understand -- I missed this, I was here, but you did make history today with bitcoin. The first --

Donald Trump: Yes.

Brian Kilmeade: -- cryptocurrency purchase. Do you --

Donald Trump: It's true.

Brian Kilmeade: -- I don't even get it. Do you understand what -- you bought hamburgers.

Donald Trump: Well, I did. I bought a hamburger with bitcoin. They said it was the first purchase ever made, I guess, of a hamburger or something. And now look, I'm a believer in staying at the top. This is a hot thing and rather than having -- giving it to China like the AI stuff, you know, artificial intelligence, China is going crazy about it. They're also going crazy on bitcoin and crypto -- cryptocurrency.

Donald Trump: And I do understand it. I think it's going to be a very hot industry and it already is, actually.

Brian Kilmeade: The former First Lady has a book coming out, a memoir. What do we get from that book? I haven't read it yet. How important is it for her to put that out?

Donald Trump: Well, she's a tremendous person, very precise, very accurate. And I do believe she loves her husband. That's probably the biggest surprise to a lot of people come to think of it. But she loves her husband. She's a -- a terrific woman, a terrific First Lady. No matter where I go, they just go crazy over Melania.

Brian Kilmeade: And lastly, do you -- where -- I know you and your safety and the special Secret Service, but do you worry about your family, too?

Donald Trump: I do -- I do. I don't talk about it, but I do. I have to worry about family. I have to worry about everybody. I worry about you. I worry about everybody because, look, we're under siege and no country has ever suffered like we have for the last three and a half, almost four years. When they allow millions of people to come into our country from prisons, right, from prisons and terrorists and people from mental institutions, and they take over our parks, look at New York.

Donald Trump: They can't play Little League baseball anymore. You know, that doesn't sound serious, but it is serious when they take away your whole lifestyle, when they live in hotels better than our -- our incredible veterans who are lying on the street opposite the main entrance to a hotel. And in that hotel you have illegal aliens that have come in, and by the way, destroying the hotel, fighting at levels that the police don't even want to go into the hotels.

Donald Trump: When you have that happening in this city and this country, I do, I want to protect everybody.

Brian Kilmeade: Lastly, JD's got a debate coming up. CBS, Margaret Brennan, Norah O'Donnell. Do you think he'll get a fair shot? What advice do you give him?

Donald Trump: He won't get a fair shot, but he will handle it very good, very smart. I think he's done great. People are really liking him. He's tough, smart. He loves our country. He's going to have no trouble. That guy is a whack job. The wacko -- this guy to be president someday, the vice president pick?

Brian Kilmeade: Are you talking about Walz?

Donald Trump: I thought it was a terrible -- absolutely. I thought it was a terrible pick. I thought there were -- I -- I would have put him last on the list. How she could have picked him, but she was actually the last. You know, they put her in the list too, and she ended up behind him. This was a coup of Joe Biden.

Donald Trump: Joe Biden, whether you like him or not, had 14 million votes. She had none and they threw him out. That's a coup.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: That is not democracy.

Brian Kilmeade: You've got 18,000 people waiting for you, 10,000 on the outside, are you ready?

Donald Trump: I'm ready, I'm all set.

Brian Kilmeade: Got get them.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Brian Kilmeade: Thanks, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you.