Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-sean-hannity-fox-news-september-10-2024

Donald Trump: I feel good.

Sean Hannity: All right. Joining us now, he's on the set in the spin room himself. Did you have fun?

Donald Trump: I had a good time. I think it was our best debate ever. I thought it was really good. We had three against one, but I anticipated that.

Sean Hannity: Let's talk about that. Three against one, and all of her radical positions, they leave on the table.

Donald Trump: Yeah. No, we had a lot of -- a lot of negative kind of stuff. Look, I saw on your show last night, they had 100 percent positive coverage on ABC and I had 94 percent negative coverage.

Sean Hannity: Ninety-three -- 93 percent negative.

Donald Trump: I exaggerate.

Sean Hannity: You got an extra percent nonnegative. As you were with her tonight, to think that we come out of this debate and we have no answer to her co-sponsoring the Green New Deal, $93 trillion --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Sean Hannity: I say the end of capitalism. To come out of this, you know, government-run health care and no answer to eliminating private health insurance. The fact that --

Donald Trump: Well, we brought them all up. You know, every one of the things --

Sean Hannity: You did bring a lot of it up.

Donald Trump: That you -- we brought it all up. And I also ended with why hasn't she done it before? Why didn't she fix -- you know, she's there complaining. Why didn't she fix all these things that she's complaining?

Sean Hannity: Were you really willing to leave the stage and -- and go home if she was going to go fix it in Washington?

Donald Trump: No, you know what, I would have left. I would have said, "Go home and fix it. I'll leave with you, OK?" But she doesn't -- she's not going to fix it. So, she's complaining about all the stuff that's wrong with the country, and they've been there for three and a half years. And I put that, I wanted to save that for my last little summation.

Donald Trump: And I actually mentioned in there, too. I just thought it was a great debate. I think we -- we showed the weakness. But the sad part is they're destroying our country, you know, when you get right down to it. Debate, good debate, I enjoyed it, but it's a very sad thing because our country is in decline.

Donald Trump: We are really being laughed at all over the world, and that's -- that's tough to take.

Sean Hannity: Do you think it's strange that somebody could support something as radical as sex change operations paid for by taxpayers for convicts and illegal immigrants; and for illegal immigrants, free housing, health care, education, and not get asked a question about it?

Donald Trump: And when I -- I brought it up --

Sean Hannity: You did bring it up.

Donald Trump: Of course, they weren't so happy when I brought it up, but I brought it up. I brought up the fact that they're doing sex change operations on illegal immigrants, and those are expensive operations and they shouldn't be done for a lot of reasons.

Sean Hannity: There were a lot of things said that weren't true about you tonight, that you would support a national abortion ban.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Sean Hannity: You've never said that.

Donald Trump: Yeah. I never said that.

Sean Hannity: That you support Project '25.

Donald Trump: Correct.

Sean Hannity: You never read it. I don't even know what it is either.

Donald Trump: I don't want to read it.

Sean Hannity: OK. Number two, that -- that she said in 2000, I -- I took back my position on banning fracking.

Donald Trump: Yup.

Sean Hannity: No, CNN fact-checked that --

Donald Trump: Yup.

Sean Hannity: And said no. The mandatory gun buyback at the end of the debate, she lied about that, too.

Donald Trump: That's right. That's right. And she -- and she wants to confiscate guns.

Sean Hannity: And you called her out for a lot of it.

Donald Trump: I -- I called her out on everything that you said. I think I got everything out. Now, with all of that being said, I was amazed because I really thought there'd be fair. I have to say, CNN, a few weeks ago, was sort of fair against Biden, but this one was stacked. I figured it would be after watching 100 percent positive coverage of her, and she's done a terrible job as vice president.

Donald Trump: And look, she's the worst vice president we've ever had. She was the border czar. The worst border ever in the history of the world, not just in our country. And he's the worst president we've ever had.

Sean Hannity: So, she's --

Donald Trump: Sean, they're destroying our country.

Sean Hannity: I'm very aware. And if we look at her tax plan, which is OK, price gauging or gouging and the largest tax increase, not only in American history, but world history. Her campaign is saying tonight, Washington Post is reporting, that she wants a second debate. What's your answer?

Donald Trump: That's because she lost. She wants it because she lost.

Sean Hannity: Do you have an answer?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't know. I have to think about it. But if you won the debate, I sort of think maybe I shouldn't do it. Why should I do another debate? She immediately said, "We want another debate." That's, you know, what happens when you're a prizefighter and you lose. You immediately want a new fight.

Sean Hannity: You want a rematch.

Donald Trump: You want a rematch. The guy that won is sort of happy and thinking about it.

Sean Hannity: Would you be inclined to say yes or no?

Donald Trump: Maybe if it was on a fair network, I would do that. But --

Sean Hannity: I think let Hannity moderate it.

Donald Trump: Yeah, no, I think that would be fair.

Sean Hannity: Like I did Newsom and -- and Ron DeSantis.

Donald Trump: I think it would be fair. You would be fair, actually.

Sean Hannity: I would be fair.

Donald Trump: If you want to know the truth.

Sean Hannity: I'll let you both talk. I'll let you go at each other.

Donald Trump: I thought they would be fair. They weren't. But I felt very comfortable.

Sean Hannity: Yeah.

Donald Trump: We have the best policy. She has no policy.

Sean Hannity: You know, one thing that interested me -- because I've known you for a long time, and one of the things that I -- I was watching in you tonight is that you were just, you were all business. You know, a lot of times, when you're at your rallies or we do a town hall --

Donald Trump: No [Inaudible] Sean, they're destroying our country.

Sean Hannity: Is that what it was? Is it the seriousness of the moment?

Donald Trump: Yeah. There's nothing -- there's nothing to smile about. You know, I can -- I'm a good smiler, but there's nothing to smile about. They're destroying -- we have 21 million people that have been released into our country, and many of them are criminals and terrorists and -- and people from mental institutions.

Sean Hannity: Laken Riley, Rachel Morin, Jocelyn Nungaray.

Donald Trump: All dead.

Sean Hannity: I -- you know, I list all these names --

Donald Trump: Yeah, I know.

Sean Hannity: On the show of people murdered, people raped, people -- victims of violent crime. Names a lot of people never heard of. You've called Laken Riley's family.

Donald Trump: I did.

Sean Hannity: You -- you --

Donald Trump: I was with them. I was with them.

Sean Hannity: Who else do -- you met her family.

Donald Trump: She was this is incredible --

Sean Hannity: You met the families of --

Donald Trump: I met them all.

Sean Hannity: Afghanistan.

Donald Trump: Nungaray. I met -- I met --

Sean Hannity: You met Nungaray's family.

Donald Trump: Yeah. I met five or six of them. Not even talking about the 13 soldiers that were killed in Afghanistan, the families of the 13 soldiers, which Biden won't even talk to, and he's the one that caused their death, just as if he had a pistol in his hand. He and her caused their death, just as if literally they had a gun in their hand.

Sean Hannity: Yeah. It's pretty amazing. When you're in a situation like that, what is going through your mind? What is -- what goes -- what goes on behind the scenes? How do you prepare for your debates?

Donald Trump: Well, I think you sort of -- I always say I've been preparing all my life for these debates. You know, you can't go in like she did. She goes into a room and she memorized lines, more or less. I thought I got one cute one, I'm talking. When I said, "I'm talking," when she started interrupting me.

Sean Hannity: Well, she said that to Mike Pence, "I'm speaking."

Donald Trump: I wanted to get even for that.

Sean Hannity: Yeah.

Donald Trump: You know, that was not very nice, what she did. But no, I thought it was -- we're getting -- we're getting great reviews.

Sean Hannity: It's interesting that the one thing -- one line that really stuck out that did make me laugh out loud is when you said you were going to send her a MAGA hat. There are a lot of positions now, all of a sudden, she's come over to your side. She's been against the border wall.

Donald Trump: Right.

Sean Hannity: She's been against --

Donald Trump: There's only one problem --

Sean Hannity: Yeah.

Donald Trump: If she ever won. Immediately, from the day after that election, everything would go back to confiscate your guns and forget about oil and everything else. You know, they were cutting back on oil way back. They got rid of ANWR, the biggest oil site, perhaps, in the world in Alaska. They did things that are so bad and so destructive.

Donald Trump: But energy prices started doubling up, and she immediately went back to the Trump plan. But I would have been now four times higher than they are right now because that was three and a half years ago.

Sean Hannity: Right.

Donald Trump: When she cut it, she cut everything out. She went to wind and went to all this other stuff that doesn't work from an economic standpoint and even a visual standpoint. I don't get the wind. You take these gorgeous plains and deserts and all this stuff. They put these windmills up. They go up like a 30-story building, in some cases.

Donald Trump: They destroy everything. They cut out all -- and the environmentalists say, "Aren't they wonderful?" But it's the most expensive form of energy, and it's never going to do for our country.

Sean Hannity: So, if we look at the issues on the economy, on immigration, on law and order, on energy, and America's role in the world --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Sean Hannity: Is there anything --

Donald Trump: It was all covered.

Sean Hannity: You can point to that you would say they have been successful on?

Donald Trump: No, they have been unsuccessful at everything, and even the economy. I said, as part of the economy, you've let 21 million people -- more than that, I think, with all the gotaways.

Sean Hannity: By the way --

Donald Trump: That's killing our economy.

Sean Hannity: Including known terrorists. And we do have the murders and the rapes --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Sean Hannity: And the violent crime.

Donald Trump: Oh, and you haven't seen anything yet. Wait till you see it in the months to come.

Sean Hannity: You know what scares me, and I've said this on the air, is by having open borders, unvetted illegal immigrants that I don't think it's a matter of if, I think it's a matter of when --

Donald Trump: Well, it's happening.

Sean Hannity: That this country is going to be attacked.

Donald Trump: If you look at Springfield, Ohio, look at what's happening there. You look at Aurora in -- in Colorado.

Sean Hannity: In Colorado.

Donald Trump: These beautiful little towns and little cities, small cities, they're being taken over by illegal migrants. I mean, the people that poured in. And they have weapons like our military doesn't have. You know, they have AK-47s. They have weapons like our military doesn't have. And, you know, some sheriff in one of these towns where he's got two deputies, and they -- they're not into this.

Donald Trump: There's no way they can protect the people from this. But look at what's going on in Springfield today, it's -- nobody's ever seen anything like it.

Sean Hannity: Yeah. We really appreciate it. I know your people are calling for you to roll. What made you come to the spin room?

Donald Trump: I just felt I wanted to. I was very happy with the result. It's a very unfair situation. They've weaponized our government politically. So, I mean, that's unfair. And I just felt we had a great night and I'd come over here. I actually gave a little bit of a news conference. We were swarmed.

Sean Hannity: By the way, I could hear it. You --

Donald Trump: No, no, we were swarmed.

Sean Hannity: You were interrupting my show, by the way, just for the record.

Donald Trump: But I had to come over and do yours. I would hate like heck to leave here and I didn't do Sean.

Sean Hannity: No, I'd be mad.

Donald Trump: That would've --

Sean Hannity: I would --

Donald Trump: That would've been --

Sean Hannity: I would take that as a personal offense, there's no doubt.

Donald Trump: I would be in big trouble.

Sean Hannity: All right. So, no answer on their offer for a second debate?

Donald Trump: Again, the reason you do a second debate is if you lose, and they lost.

Sean Hannity: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And we looked at one poll, it was 92 to 7.

Sean Hannity: Yeah.

Donald Trump: We looked at another one, 86 to 3.

Sean Hannity: Wow.

Donald Trump: I mean, we have all of these results coming in, but I'll think about it, yeah.

Sean Hannity: OK.

Donald Trump: It's very quick.

Sean Hannity: Mr. President, thank you for taking time.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, Sean.

Sean Hannity: We really appreciate it.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. I appreciate it.

Sean Hannity: Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Sean Hannity: All right. Hey, Sean Hannity here. Hey, click here to subscribe to Fox News YouTube page and catch our hottest interviews and most compelling analysis. You will not get it anywhere else.