Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-caitlin-huey-burns-cbs-news-york-pa-august-19-2024

Caitlin Huey-Burns: President, great to see you. Thanks for your time today.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Caitlin Huey-Burns: You just gave a speech on the economy. You talked about lowering taxes for families. Do you support a child tax credit?

Donald Trump: Well, I was the one that did the child tax credit, and I do support it, and I want to have it. But we're going to bring --

Caitlin Huey-Burns: Five thousand dollars as JD Vance suggested?

Donald Trump: We're going to bring in -- we have -- we have two forms, even three forms. And as you know, it gets negotiated with Congress, but we're doing the maximum. My daughter Ivanka was very involved in that, if you remember. She wanted it more than anybody. She understood it better than anybody, wanted it more than anybody.

Donald Trump: And the answer is yes, we will take care of children in this country. We're going to take care of our seniors. We're going to have no tax on Social Security for our seniors. We're going to have no tax on tips, which was sort of stolen from us, as you know, by Kamala. But we're going to -- we're going to take care of our people, but we're also going to make sure that we are a great manufacturing hub again.

Donald Trump: That's why we're here at this plant, which would have trouble if things that we want to do don't happen. We have to create our industrial base. We have to create jobs in this country. We just can't keep losing them. And as you heard, 350,000 jobs were lost this year in manufacturing. That's hard to believe. That's a hard thing to believe.

Caitlin Huey-Burns: I do want to ask you about your opponent, Kamala Harris, the vice president.

Donald Trump: Yup.

Caitlin Huey-Burns: You have criticized her appearance. You've criticized her intelligence. Is that the message to win over those moderate voters that you're going to meet in the middle?

Donald Trump: No, I don't think so. I think that the message is what a bad job they've done, I mean, if you look at this economy, if you look at inflation. And, you know, I love this country. I have to do what it takes to win. I have to get this country going because we're going to lose our country. We're going to -- we're very close to losing our country.

Donald Trump: And if you look at what inflation, which was caused by them with all of the things that they did -- I handed them essentially no inflation, and inflation has destroyed our country. It's -- it's known -- you know, inflation is known throughout the generations as a country buster. But we've suffered some of the worst inflation that any country has ever suffered, and we're not going to let that happen.

Donald Trump: We have to stop them. So, I'm not a fan of hers because what she did is she actually signed the Inflation Reduction Act. It was her vote. It was a tie vote. She, as vice president, had the final decision and she signed it. That is what gave us -- and their bad energy policy is what gave us tremendous inflation, which, frankly, is killing our country.

Caitlin Huey-Burns: Does the fact that she is a woman change your calculus about how you approach this race?

Donald Trump: No, it doesn't, except that it's pretty unfair. I'm running against one person. He got 14 million votes. He's running and doing well. And perhaps he had a bad debate. Perhaps I had a good debate. But he's running, and that's my opponent. All of a sudden, they say, "Listen, we don't like you anymore because you're losing by a lot, so we're taking you out. We're going to give it to somebody else."

Donald Trump: So, right in the middle of the campaign -- really much more toward the end of the campaign, they take somebody out, they put in a new person who got there with no votes. It's very -- I mean, it's very -- it's a terrible thing for our country, and they talk about destroying democracy. They are destroying democracy.

Donald Trump: They take somebody who didn't get one vote and the bosses of the Democrat Party just put her there. I think she's going to do very badly. Actually, I think she's going to be easier than Biden because when people hear that she believes in a Marxist philosophy, which she does -- people didn't know all the -- the things that we're bringing out right now.

Donald Trump: They didn't know it. Her father is a Marxist professor.

Caitlin Huey-Burns: Do you --

Donald Trump: She believes in Marxism. This country will not sustain that. This country is not going to go for that.

Caitlin Huey-Burns: Why insult her intelligence?

Donald Trump: Well, I -- I have to do that -- well, I don't think she's a very bright person. I do feel that. I mean, I think that's right. I think I am a very bright person and a lot of people say that. I don't think she's a very bright person. And you know what, our country needs a very smart person, and I don't think she's a very smart person. So, I'm not looking to --

Caitlin Huey-Burns: So, why [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: I don't consider that an insult. That's just a fact.

Caitlin Huey-Burns: But what evidence do you have for that?

Donald Trump: I looked at the things that she said. I looked at the way she deals. I looked at her record of -- of -- her crazy record. I look at her policies. I just don't happen to think so. Now, I could say she is, and I know that would be very nice, but -- and the other thing, we have to win this election. If we don't win this election, you're not going to be asking me or anybody else questions. You're not going to have a country anymore.

Caitlin Huey-Burns: Do you think those personal attacks are necessary for you to win the election?

Donald Trump: I hope they're not. But if I don't think somebody's good at something, if somebody's not good at something, I've always spoken my mind. I don't think she's very good at this. I think she'll destroy our country.

Caitlin Huey-Burns: Will you accept the results of this election?

Donald Trump: Absolutely. I assume it's going to be a fair election. If it's going to be a fair and free election, the answer is absolutely I will.

Caitlin Huey-Burns: What does fair mean to you? What does that mean?

Donald Trump: It means the votes are counted. It means that votes are fair. It means that they don't cheat on the election. They don't drop ballots. They don't install new rules and regulations that they don't have the power to do. They don't use 51 intelligence agents to give phony reports, which had an effect on the election.

Donald Trump: They don't do many of the things that they did in the last election.

Caitlin Huey-Burns: If you lose this election, will it have been legitimate?

Donald Trump: If I see that we had a fair and free election, which I hope to be able to say, but if I see that, I will be -- you will never see anybody more honorable than me. I'm an honorable person. You see the report that came out on Biden today from Congress with all of the money that he stole.

Caitlin Huey-Burns: But you -- but you didn't accept the results of the last election.

Donald Trump: Well, that's right because there were many problems with the last election. You know it. So do they.

Caitlin Huey-Burns: Even though all of the legal cases were dropped.

Donald Trump: And so does everybody. No, no, they weren't brought because the judges wouldn't take them because they said it was after the election. Well, how else are you going to find out cheating until after the election? I think things have been done over the last the four-year period that will make this a free and fair election.

Donald Trump: And certainly, I -- if -- if for some reason I lose -- and I think if I lose, this country will go into a tailspin, the likes of which it's never seen before, the likes of 1929. But if I do and it's free and fair, absolutely, I will accept the results.

Caitlin Huey-Burns: We are one month removed from the assassination attempt on your life.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Caitlin Huey-Burns: I'm wondering if you are suffering any PTSD from that experience.

Donald Trump: No, not at all, but I do -- in thinking about it, it's a miracle that I wasn't killed, as you know. You saw the flight of the bullet and everything else, so they say an eighth of an inch away, an eighth of an inch. And there has to be a reason. And I do believe in God. I also believe perhaps God had a purpose that he wants to save this country, and I think that may have really been a reason.

Donald Trump: We have to save our country. Our country is going bad. We're a failed nation. We're failing very badly. You just take a look at the mess that's happening right now in Chicago. The answer is it was a very -- it was a very close call. An eighth of an inch and I wouldn't be talking to you right now. And I think God has a reason for doing things, and his reason might very well be that he wants to save this country and maybe save the world.

Caitlin Huey-Burns: Have you suffered any other kinds of effects?

Donald Trump: No, not at all. I haven't. I mean, I -- I got better, I healed well, and I haven't. But --

Caitlin Huey-Burns: I want to --

Donald Trump: It could have been -- it could have been very bad.

Caitlin Huey-Burns: I want to ask you about the Supreme Court. If -- are you going to release a list of Supreme Court nominees that you would pick?

Donald Trump: Yes, I will.

Caitlin Huey-Burns: Anybody that's on that list right now?

Donald Trump: I'll be releasing it, I'd say, over the next three or four weeks. I think the Democrats should do the same thing. But I'll be releasing. Last time, I released a list of approximately 25 people, and I picked from that list. I think it's an important thing to do. I will be releasing a list over the next probably month or so.

Caitlin Huey-Burns: You were influential in -- in picking three Supreme Court justices to overturn Roe v. Wade. Do you have any regrets about the overturning of Roe v. Wade?

Donald Trump: Well, they've wanted to overturn it for 52 years. For 52 years, they've worked to overturn Roe v. Wade. They wanted to bring it back to the states. All legal scholars, all Democrats, all -- everybody wanted to bring it back. This is for years and decades and decades. And they brought it back to the states.

Donald Trump: And now, the states are controlling it. It's in the hands of the states. And people are voting. And frankly, I believe in the exceptions like Ronald Reagan believed in the exceptions. I think most people, most Republicans do believe in the exceptions. And we are having a great response. Ohio voted. And by the way, they voted more liberally than some people would have thought.

Donald Trump: Kansas voted. Many of the states have voted or are in the process of voting. And what it did is it brought it back to the states and allows the people to vote. And we can -- after 52 years, we can clean up something that, frankly, has been a very hot bone of contention. We want to unify our country, and people have different thoughts on it and all.

Donald Trump: But -- and I will say this, that, in some cases, it was a more liberal vote or a more progressive vote than some of these states would have thought. And in some cases, perhaps it will be the other. But it's now in the hands of the people. And again --

Caitlin Huey-Burns: So --

Donald Trump: Democrats and Republicans, everybody wanted to do this for 52 years, and I got it done, and we should never be in the federal government. The federal government should have nothing to do with this issue.

Caitlin Huey-Burns: So, no --

Donald Trump: And it's being solved at a state level, and people are very happy about it.

Caitlin Huey-Burns: So, no regrets.

Donald Trump: No regrets. No. I wouldn't have regrets. Again, I did something that was -- most people felt undoable. They didn't want it in the federal government. It shouldn't be in the halls of the federal government. It should be in the state governments. And I was able to bring it back to the state governments.

Donald Trump: And now, the people are voting. And again, they're voting, in many cases, with the exceptions, the three exceptions, like Ronald Reagan, like myself.

Caitlin Huey-Burns: As president, would you enforce the Comstock Act, which could prohibit the sale of or the distribution of medication abortion by mail?

Donald Trump: No, we will be discussing specifics of it. But generally speaking, no, I would not.

Caitlin Huey-Burns: You would not enforce the Comstock Act.

Donald Trump: I -- I would not do that.

Caitlin Huey-Burns: Should medication abortion be widely available?

Donald Trump: Well, it's going to be available, and it is now. And as I know it, the Supreme Court has said keep it going the way it is. I will enforce and agree with the Supreme Court, but basically, they've said keep it the way it is now.