Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-fox-and-friends-august-22-2024

Brian Kilmeade: Joining us now is the 45th president of United States who wants to be the 47th and he is the GOP presidential nominee, President Donald Trump. President Trump, welcome back.

Ainsley Earhardt: Good morning.

Donald Trump: Good morning.

Brian Kilmeade: So, Mr. President, first off, the first time you're doing an outdoor event, you didn't hesitate when you heard this woman collapsed. You walked over to see for yourself. Did you have any hesitation walking down those steps without the protective glass around you?

Donald Trump: No, I didn't really. I wanted to help the woman. She had problems. She really had a problem. You know, it was very hot, close to 100 degrees. I'm going to be in a pretty hot place today, too, from what I just saw in your weather forecast. But she was in trouble. No, I -- I didn't really. I didn't think too much about it. I don't want to think about it, actually.

Donald Trump: I felt we had very good protection.

Ainsley Earhardt: Mr. President, when you listen to the DNC and all the speeches, they're spreading so many different lies. And we eat, breathe, and sleep this, as you do, too, more than we do.

Donald Trump: Right.

Ainsley Earhardt: And you -- you know that what they're saying is wrong, but you don't hear your take. You -- you -- there's no one fact-checking. And here is Governor Tim Walz trying to still connect you to Project 2025. Listen. [Begin videotape]

Tim Walz: Some folks just don't understand what it takes to be a good neighbor. Take Donald Trump and JD Vance. [Audience boos] Their Project 2025 will make things much, much harder for people who are just trying to live their lives. They spent a lot of time pretending they know nothing about this. But look, I coached high school football long enough to know, and trust me on this, when somebody takes the time to draw up a playbook, they're going to use it. [Applause] And -- and we know, if these guys get back in the White House, they'll start jacking up the costs on the middle class, they'll repeal the Affordable Care Act [Audience boos] they'll gut Social Security and Medicare [Audience boos] and they will ban abortion across this country with or without Congress.

Tim Walz: Here's the thing, it's an agenda nobody asked for. It's an agenda that serves nobody except the richest and the most extreme amongst us. [End videotape]

Ainsley Earhardt: All right. So, this is your chance to set the record straight. What's your response?

Donald Trump: Well, first of all, he's a total lightweight and he shouldn't be even having any access to possibly being president. The guy, he's been a terrible governor. They've had nothing but problems in their state. He has no capability. They call him coach. He's a semi-coach. He coached some football for a little while.

Donald Trump: This guy is a -- a lightweight, and he shouldn't have access. And for him to say about Project '25 is disgraceful. They know I have nothing to do with it. I had no idea what it was. A group of people got together, they drew up some conservative values, very conservative values, and, in some cases, perhaps they went over the line, perhaps they didn't. I have no idea what Project '25 is. But they use it, and they know it. Just like Charlottesville, totally discredited.

Donald Trump: They used Charlottesville. You know, Biden gets up all the time, says Charlottesville, he ran because of Charlottesville. He got -- he got run out of office by the Democrats. They did a coup on him, and he's sitting someplace in California on a beach. And because he's in California, it's crime-ridden -- crime-ridden place.

Donald Trump: It's not the same place. More people are leaving than coming. And all of the things that these people have done. Kamala has been the worst. She -- everything she touched turned bad. California turned bad. San Francisco, you can't walk into San Francisco. You barely can go into California anymore. People -- it's a state that's in terrible, terrible crime, trouble, and every other form of trouble, monetary trouble.

Donald Trump: It's got nothing. Drugs all over the place. You go into Los Angeles, you can't walk down the streets. It's a shame between Gavin Newsom, but it was really more Kamala because she was your district attorney in San Francisco. San Francisco is unlivable now, unlivable. Fifteen years ago, it was the most beautiful city, one of the greatest cities in the world.

Donald Trump: Today, it's unlivable. It's going to have to be -- hopefully be able to be brought back, if that's possible. Kamala, who's a Marxist and a radical left -- frankly, she's a radical left lunatic. And if she became our president, if -- this country would turn out to be a big version of San Francisco or a big version of California itself.

Donald Trump: So, these guys, they talk about that. They talk about all different things that they know are totally discredited. They have a thing with soldiers where I'm looking over the graves of soldiers and saying horrible thing about dead soldiers from World War I. It was totally made up. It was a made-up story. Confirmed -- that was confirmed by my side of it by 26 people in the military that it never happened.

Donald Trump: They had one lunatic talking about it, and they used it all the time. There's nobody that loves the military more than me. Nobody did more for the military. I rebuilt the military. They gave $85 billion of it away to Afghanistan in the dumbest and -- and one of the most horrible things that's ever happened, probably the most embarrassing moment that ever happened to our country the way they pulled out.

Brian Kilmeade: And she was the last one in the room. And she was the last one in the room when that decision was made.

Donald Trump: Sure, she was the last one.

Will Cain: And president --

Donald Trump: No, she -- well, she made the decision. She made the decision, and it was one of the most embarrassing decisions, not -- Brian, not the fact that we got out, the way they got out. I was ready to get out, but I was going to keep Bagram. That's one of the biggest air bases in the world. It was one hour away from where China makes their nuclear weapons, one hour away.

Donald Trump: Very important that we keep it. They left Bagram. The biggest runway, the most powerful runways, can -- can handle the heaviest loads. This was designed billions and billions of dollars years ago. We gave them the keys. And now, China occupies Bagram. We should have kept that. That was the one thing we should have stayed, not because of Afghanistan, but because of China, and we gave it up. They took the soldiers out before they did -- soldiers first.

Donald Trump: We left people. We have -- to this day, we have people living there that can't get out. We -- 13 great people who I know the families, as you know, 13 great people killed; 45 absolutely obliterated, the arms, the legs; and hundreds of people killed during that day. People falling off planes. Many people falling off planes from 3,000 feet up in the air.

Donald Trump: That's like three times the height of the Empire State Building.

Will Cain: President Trump, you're talking about --

Donald Trump: It's so sad to see.

Will Cain: You're talking about so many --

Donald Trump: And then I have to listen to -- excuse me, then I have to listen to a lightweight like this get up and absolutely lie. But they all lied, and they mentioned my name, I read, where -- and -- and frankly, I watched where you said -- your group said -- you said specifically, I think they mentioned me 297 times, they mentioned the border once, they mentioned crime twice.

Donald Trump: They don't mention the economy because the economy is horrible. They defrauded the people of our country with -- with the job numbers. You saw that. Eight hundred and eighteen thousand fake jobs they put on the rolls. They thought they could keep it. They thought they were going to keep those numbers until right after the election when they could announce a revision.

Donald Trump: But they weren't able to do that because they had a leaker and somebody leaked the numbers. They were fraudulent job numbers, just like they have fraudulent crime numbers. The FBI didn't include New York, Chicago, and Oakland, and a couple of other places that aren't doing so well in crime.

Lawrence Jones: So, Mr. --

Donald Trump: If they would have included --

Lawrence Jones: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Those numbers, they're the worst crime numbers we've ever had.

Lawrence Jones: So, Mr. President, let's talk about Chicago. You brought it up. I had the opportunity -- I've been going all over Chicago for years now. But I went to a barbershop, and there was a lot of people there. They talked about you. They talked about Kamala Harris stealing the tip plan from you. They say they're open.

Lawrence Jones: This is a little bit from the folks that I talked to. Watch. [Begin videotape]

Unidentified: We've been doing these barbershop tours since '03, and it's really enlightening to hear individuals start to change their political direction. I think it's time that Blacks, in -- in general, need to boost our political IQs. Stop being blindly faithful to a one-party system that does not work for us. So, I've always liked Donald Trump.

Unidentified: You know, he was an icon for years in our community. And all of a sudden, now, he's this big Klansman [ph].

Lawrence Jones: What changed?

Unidentified: I think the -- I think the powers that we saw, his potential in our community. If -- if somebody -- the Republican started to come and really communicate in these communities, they'll come to the barbershops and they'll start to see. We're talking the same language. But they don't have -- they don't -- they don't know how to communicate, so they'd rather not do it. [End videotape]

Lawrence Jones: So, Mr. President, he says that you got to directly communicate to the voters. Will you be on the ground, at barbershops, local communities talking about the issues that matter to them?

Donald Trump: And I am going to be doing that. I like that guy, and I like those people. And I watched yesterday as you did it. You are doing fantastically, by the way. I watched yesterday as you did the -- the interviews. Those are great people. Those are people who just want safety. They don't want much. He wants to run his barbershop.

Donald Trump: The people that were getting the haircut -- I was thinking about maybe going there myself because that's -- they -- I like the work. Maybe they'd do -- they'd make my hair look better. I'd pay a lot of money for that haircut. They could make my hair look better. But, you know, honestly, those are great people.

Donald Trump: Those are hardworking people. They're strong, they're tough, and they know they're being conned by the Democrats. You have a corrupt political system in Chicago. Look at your governor. The governor is an incompetent guy. He was thrown out of the family business. He was Hyatt Hotels. I was partners with them years ago in a job in New York.

Donald Trump: They threw him out of the business. I know the family very well. They threw him out because they didn't want him in the business. He ends up being governor. He has money, he ends up being governor. He's incompetent. Look, the Chicago and the whole Illinois thing is very, very corrupt. But we're putting a big play there.

Donald Trump: We're putting a big play in New York. You have the same situation in New York. If you went to a barbershop, any barbershop that you're talking about, if you went to a barbershop in New York, in Los Angeles, in any place you want to talk about, you're going to find the same thing, the same reaction. They're really upset.

Donald Trump: And I watched the mothers on your show this morning before we went on. It's so sad. They've given up on life. You have the worst prosecutors. They go after guys like me. They don't go -- they go after me because I question the elections and things like that. It's nonsense. If an election -- if you can't question an election, you -- we don't have a country.

Donald Trump: But when people get killed, when their children get killed, nothing happens. I remember Jussie Smollett. I said you got to prosecute this guy, and they did. But Jussie Smollett was given a free hand. And yet, these killers -- and they know who they are. The worst thing is they know who they are. They don't even go and pick them up. And you have many communities like that.

Donald Trump: Chicago is terrible in that respect, but you have many communities like that. Chicago, 20 years ago, was a great city. I built a great building in Chicago. In fact, I see it every time they do the skyline. But Chicago has gone really wrong, and I think I'm going to get a tremendous amount of votes from Chicago.

Lawrence Jones: What would you do differently, Mr. President? What would you do differently, though? You see what the Biden administration -- are you sending in the National Guard? Are you mobilizing the business? Are you going to change the education system? Day one, if there's a Donald Trump presidency, what would you do in Chicago?

Donald Trump: First of all, you -- I know the people in Chicago. I know the police because I built the building there. I spent a lot of time building it. It was a -- it's a great building, a really great building. And what happened is I got to know a lot of people, including the police. You have a great police force in Chicago, just like you do in New York, just like you do in Los Angeles.

Donald Trump: You have great -- they're not allowed to do their jobs. You've got to let the police do their jobs, number one. Number two, you have to do a policy of stop and frisk. When you see a guy coming down the street and you can -- the police know every one of them. They know their middle name. They know where they live.

Donald Trump: They know every one of them, the local police, and they're great. You got to let them do their job, stop and frisk, and take their gun away. You've got to do it. If somebody has -- because they have all these guns. You know, it's very interesting, the toughest gun law, the toughest, by far, in the whole United States is in Chicago, and yet it's the most -- it's --

Brian Kilmeade: The most violent.

Donald Trump: Fourth of July weekend, 117 people were shot and 17 died. Think of that. That's worse than Afghanistan. Afghanistan doesn't have that. No place has that. That's a war zone. This last weekend, during the -- just prior to the start of the convention, with all the police, everything else, do you know that, so far, five people have been killed?

Donald Trump: You don't read about it because the press doesn't want to report about it. Five people have been killed in Chicago during the Democrat convention.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: It's terrible.

Will Cain: Mr. President, let's talk about the Democratic National Convention. We'll stay in Chicago. Let's go to the stage. Tonight, Kamala Harris will take the stage. Many people have pointed out, if we're talking about policies, many of which you're talking about this morning, you win. If we're talking about personalities, it's playing into Democrats.

Will Cain: And as you pointed out, they're trying to talk about your personality. Brian interestingly brought up, they're no longer saying you're a threat to democracy. They're saying things like you're a fraudster. And they are, as you pointed out --

Brian Kilmeade: Selfish.

Will Cain: Putting lies out there like the suckers and losers hoax or the bloodbath hoax or the very fine people hoax.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Will Cain: And Tim Walz said last night that you were going to introduce a national abortion ban. The question is how do you, as Kamala Harris takes the stage, turn this into something about how you or she will affect the lives of Americans and less about you or Kamala Harris as personalities?

Donald Trump: Well, first of all, in terms of personality, I don't think she has a personality because she's allowed crime to flourish wherever she went. And if I were a person, I wouldn't like that personality. That's not the personality I want. Whatever she's got, they don't have it because San Francisco was crime-ridden, and it's gotten worse and worse.

Donald Trump: I mean, she had policies, that $950. You can steal anything you want up to $950 in a store and they're not going to prosecute the people. They have policies that are absolutely insane. This guy, Walz, comes out and he wants tampons sold in young men's bathrooms. You have to have tampons available, not even sold, available in young men's bathroom.

Donald Trump: We're -- we're giving our government away when we put two lunatics like this in. They can't. If they -- if they take over our government as president and vice president, our country doesn't stand a chance. The whole world -- I know every leader. The whole world is laughing at us. They can't even believe it's happening.

Donald Trump: Biden was incompetent. He was the worst president in the history of our country. I see the way they're trying to build him up. It was an overthrow. She is worse than him because she's actually a radical left Marxist. That's what she is. That's what she's always going to be. She's going to ban fracking. She's going to ban all energy production coming out of the ground.

Donald Trump: She is going to ban everything that's good. And she's going to go to like the all-electric car mandate. How ridiculous is that? They're too expensive, they don't go far, and they do have a market, but we want gasoline-propelled cars, we want hybrids, we want lots of things. We can have everything. What they're doing to our country is unbelievable.

Donald Trump: And most importantly, they've made our country very safe. And internationally, they've made it even more safe. As bad as -- when you see Chicago and the cities, as bad as they are, much worse internationally. We're going to end up in World War III because she's incompetent. Biden sent her -- Russia would have never happened with Ukraine if I were president.

Donald Trump: Israel, the attack on Israel would have never happened. Iran had no money. They had no money to give to Hamas or Hezbollah. But let me tell you, and a little-known fact and the press doesn't want to talk about, Biden sent -- I call her comrade Kamala -- sent comrade Kamala to see Putin in Russia three days before the attack.

Donald Trump: She went. She said she gave her case. He attacked three days later. He attacked three days later. He laughed at her. He thought she was a joke. Now, he's really laughing when he sees her. Can you imagine her negotiating with President Xi of China, with Kim Jong Un of North Korea? The whole thing is like we're living in a fantasy land.

Donald Trump: And then I see the people, it's like they're having a party. They don't mention the border. All they do is make up lies about me. Every one of those things -- and I'm really appreciative that you brought that up, Brian. Every one of those things is a lie, what they say about me. Project '25, I have no idea what the hell, and I don't even want to see it, I don't want to read it because I want to say I have no idea what it is. Some people get together, they do something that's extreme.

Donald Trump: I assume it's extreme. I don't know because I don't even want to see it. It doesn't matter. On abortion, I will bring it up. We did a great thing. We got rid of -- we did something that for -- for 52 years people have wanted to do. They wanted to get rid of Roe v. Wade. They wanted to bring that subject back to the states.

Donald Trump: Every Democrat wanted that, every Republican, every liberal, every conservative, and every legal scholar, and I did it. And it's now back in the state where it belongs, and they're taking votes to states. Ohio came out with a much more liberal policy than people would have thought. Kansas, the same thing.

Donald Trump: Texas maybe will be different. And what it was is they want the vote of the people. They want -- now, I will say, like Ronald Reagan, I'm for exceptions for -- for rape, incest, and the life of the mother. I'm for exceptions. Ronald Reagan was for exceptions. Most people are for exceptions. You have to follow your heart.

Donald Trump: But it's being voted on, and an issue that's ripped our country apart for 50 years is being solved at the voting booth, and states are voting in what they want. And a lot of these policies, I will tell you, are much more liberal than people would have thought happened. But they say -- they say in the -- I want a federal ban.

Donald Trump: I would never. And they know I've said it. There will not be a federal ban. This is now back in the states where it belongs. And again, every Democrat, every Republican, everybody wanted Roe v. Wade terminated and brought back to the states. Then about 10 years ago, they started talking about the number of weeks and the number of this and that.

Donald Trump: No, right now, it's in the hands of the people. The people in the individual states are voting. I did something that's going to bring our country together eventually, but because they lie so much at this convention, they make it sound like it's -- I want to -- I want a federal ban. It won't happen. It's not going to happen.

Ainsley Earhardt: All right.

Donald Trump: It's in -- it's in the hands of the states.

Ainsley Earhardt: Right. Mr. President, yesterday, there was a big announcement or big rumors spreading that RFK Jr. might be dropping out, might be endorsing you. His spokesperson said they will give a live address tomorrow about his path forward. And now, there are rumors that he might join you at this rally in Arizona tomorrow to announce that he's supporting you.

Ainsley Earhardt: What's the truth? Have you talked to him?

Donald Trump: So, I've known him for a long time. He's a -- as you know, he's a little different kind of a guy, very smart guy, and a very good person. If he endorsed me, I would be honored by it. I would be very honored by it. He really has his heart in the right place. He is a respected person. Women love some of his policies, and I guess some people don't like some of his policies.

Donald Trump: But overall, I thought the Democrats -- he was a Democrat. I don't know what he is right now, but he was a Democrat. They treated him very badly. I think he would have -- you know, he goes around saying he would have beaten Biden in the primary. I think there was a good chance. What they did to him was what they did to Biden.

Donald Trump: They really were harsh and threw him out. They wouldn't let him go to the vote. I mean, they made it impossible for him to compete in primaries because he was doing so well, and they basically made it impossible for him to do what -- I think he would have been -- I think he would have overthrown Biden because Biden is so bad as a president.

Donald Trump: When I hear this talk about Mount Rushmore, I turn off your television. If I have to read an article, I just throw it down. Mount Rushmore for this -- this man who is the worst president in our history. He's allowed -- and she is because she was the border czar. Now, she -- she just -- you know, she disowns that.

Donald Trump: She's allowed millions of people to come into our country. Many of these people totally unchecked, totally unvetted. Many of these people came into our country, think of this, from prisons and jails --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: From mental institutions and insane asylums. And, Brian, there's many terrorists coming in, many, many terrorists.

Brian Kilmeade: Yeah, there's no doubt about it. There's 99 on the FBI watch list that are in our country right now, and we just talked to a sheriff that says we have more -- more people turn themselves in, but more gotaways than ever before with these new rules. Mr. President, they keep bringing up the fact that you -- you were against the bipartisan bill that Senator Lankford and Senator Murphy came up with about six months ago.

Brian Kilmeade: You didn't want it done. What didn't you like about that bipartisan bill on the border?

Donald Trump: Everything. It was no good. Millions of people -- in that bill, millions and millions of people would have allowed to be -- come in. And, you know, Senator Lankford hurt himself. He's a fine person. He hurt himself by even putting that forward. But more importantly, you don't need a bill if they want to close the border.

Donald Trump: I had the best border in history. You see the numbers. You see the famous chart that probably saved my life, if you want to know the truth. But the chart that I was pointing to that I made a turn to the right showed that they had the least number in recorded history the week that I left office. We had, by the way, the lowest inflation and we had the least number of illegal immigrants coming into our country.

Brian Kilmeade: But you just didn't like that bill. They said that you killed the bill for political reasons. Did you kill it because you wanted to do it yourself, and if you fixed the border, it would have hurt your chances of getting reelected? What do you say to that?

Donald Trump: Brian, I didn't want -- I didn't do anything on the bill. People would ask my opinion, but I didn't do anything on the bill. I think they respect my opinion. It was a terrible bill. But more importantly, if they want to fix the border, they don't need a bill. The president of the United States would -- which is what I did.

Donald Trump: I didn't have a bill to close the border. I closed the border. I had the safest border. I had the least drugs coming into our country in 38 years. I had the least -- you have -- the human traffickers are horrible, and they're trafficking children and they're trafficking women, mostly women. But I had the lowest number of -- we went after them with a vengeance.

Donald Trump: Nobody's ever gone after them. They will be very happy -- I'll tell you what, they would be very happy to see these lightweights get back into office. They don't want Trump back. But I had the lowest human trafficking of children and women in -- in -- ever recorded, ever. And, you know, the internet makes it very hard because the internet -- that's become a business based on the internet.

Donald Trump: The internet has brought that into a modern business. And it's almost as big as the drug business for these people. But I had the lowest number of drugs, everything. We had a great border. All Biden had to do is go to the beach and leave it alone. We had the best people. We had guys like Tom Homan and Brandon Judd and all these people.

Lawrence Jones: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Paul is taking Brandon Judd's place, as you know. He's fantastic. All -- all of these people are -- were stars, and they were doing such a good job. I had a policy, Remain in Mexico. You couldn't come in. Mexico is going crazy with me, by the way. Remain in Mexico, you couldn't come in. The policy was so good.

Donald Trump: They ended it in the first week, no longer remain in Mexico. It was so incredible. They couldn't come in unless they got approved. We'd check them. Very few of them were able to come in because there were so many criminals. We kept criminals out. Now, you have murderers, drug dealers. Countries are sending from all over the world, not just South America, all over the world, they're sending their killers, their murderers, their drug dealers, and their jails are being emptied out into the United States of America.

Donald Trump: They are destroying our -- they are destroying our country. She is a Marxist. She has no idea. She wants to have open borders. And if she got elected, the next day, she'd have no drilling and she'd have open borders.

Lawrence Jones: So, Mr. President --

Donald Trump: With me, it's the opposite. If I get elected, I drill, baby, drill first day --

Lawrence Jones: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And we have closed borders.

Lawrence Jones: And when you look at the polling, you're winning on the issue when it comes to the border. You're also winning on the economy, which is why we were surprised when we found out this new data, and it shows that 818,000 jobs that the Harris and Biden administration claimed to have created over the past year, they didn't actually exist.

Lawrence Jones: And this has been the largest revision ever in the last 15 years. So, Mr. President, was this purely incompetence? What do you think is going on here?

Donald Trump: No, I think it was a fraud. Eight hundred and eighteen thousand jobs, do you know what that is? Almost a million jobs. They said they had them and they didn't have them. And I was surprised, too, because I'd see their job numbers -- everyone knows the economy is lousy. I'd see their job numbers, I was surprised.

Donald Trump: It was a fraud. That was absolutely a fraud. They ought to investigate themselves. And by the way, nothing will happen. But the Bureau of Labor Statistics came out with a revision because somebody leaked it, and when they leaked it, they had to come out and give the real numbers. They found almost a million jobs that they said that they created.

Donald Trump: That made their numbers look better. But now, their numbers are horrible. The economy is bad. Inflation is killing our country. The border is ruining the fabric of our country. We have to get the criminals out. We have to get the people from the mental institutions back to their mental institutions. Our country is being destroyed.

Donald Trump: And the press -- I mean, thank you for taking these calls. But you look at -- you look at NBC and you look at ABC fake news and you look at all of these people, CBS, they don't even talk about the border. They don't talk about the drugs that are pouring into our country. They don't talk about the million people that they falsely reported had jobs and they don't have jobs.

Donald Trump: They don't exist. It was a total fraud. They don't really talk about it. They don't talk about Biden. The day Biden spoke, that morning, in Congress, they said that he stole $27 million. I have not seen that story anywhere, but a very light mention, to be honest with you, on Fox, very light, much lighter than it should be. If that was me that stole $27 million, it would be headlines.

Donald Trump: They wouldn't even be talking about the convention.

Will Cain: Absolutely.

Donald Trump: The man stole -- or they say the man and the family, the morning of their convention, on Monday, $27 million. They have it all documented. They don't even talk about it, the -- the newspapers, the press.

Will Cain: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: There's not a story to be heard.

Brian Kilmeade: Right. That's the --

Donald Trump: The only one that reported a little bit about it was Fox.

Will Cain: You're talking about the House GOP Oversight Committee's investigation into the Biden influence peddling schemes, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: You're right.

Will Cain: But I do want to stay on the economy because it's the No. 1 issue to voters far and away.

Donald Trump: Right.

Will Cain: And I want your opinion as a businessman. We get very little from Kamala Harris, again, back to policies and how this affects Americans and the economy, very little. But what we have gotten are things like price controls. And in the Biden-Harris' proposal -- Biden-Harris administration's proposal, taking capital gains to 45 percent tax --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Will Cain: Talking about a clawback of -- of unrealized gain. As a businessman, what would that do to the economy?

Donald Trump: So, just a couple of things, real quick. Price controls have been used many, many times over the years, usually by dictators and all, but they've been used many times. They've never ever worked. Venezuela used price controls and Venezuela got driven out. I mean, they're -- you can't get a loaf of bread. Although, now, we're buying oil from Venezuela.

Donald Trump: Let's not even talk about that. We're now buying oil, instead of using our good stuff. They don't have good -- they have tar. You have to refine it. And we refine it in Houston, Texas, and that spills into the air in Houston. So, Venezuela might not be as poor as it should be, but Venezuela would have made a deal with us very quickly.

Donald Trump: They were on the ends of the line. But the price controls have been used many, many times, many, many times over years. Even Richard Nixon tried them. They've always led to huge inflation and lack of -- you don't get anything. You -- you end up with empty stores. They are a disaster. Thirty-eight different cases -- 38 cases were abject total failures.

Donald Trump: So, that's on price controls. And just on the other, you know, we have countries and companies that are multinational. You raise your taxes like that, that would put us at the highest level of any country. Every one of these big multi -- these -- these guys get paid to make profit. They're -- some of them are very good.

Donald Trump: Some of them aren't, but like everything else. But they're very good and they're very smart. They will move their companies out of our country. They did it with Ireland. The pharmaceutical companies left. A lot of companies, they moved to Ireland. A lot of them moved to Ireland, of all places, and that's very nice.

Donald Trump: I hope they're happy.

Brian Kilmeade: Because the corporate rate is like 18 percent there.

Donald Trump: Yeah. No, but they're not going to pay 45 percent --

Brian Kilmeade: That's right.

Donald Trump: Because they can move to many other countries.

Brian Kilmeade: Yup.

Donald Trump: Germany. They can move to many other -- and -- and by the way, those countries really want these companies to move. So, when people think, oh, we're going to charge them 45 percent, we're going to charge them. I heard a thing, she wants to charge them 55 and 60 percent. They'll say thank you very much. And all of a sudden, you'll announce that they got up. You say, where is such and such a company?

Donald Trump: Well, they moved to Europe. They are in some place in Europe. They will leave the country. We -- I had it down so nice. I was able to get it down --

Brian Kilmeade: Well, you had it down to 21. And they wanted to raise it to 28.

Donald Trump: I got it down from 48 -- yeah, I got it down from 48 to 21. I wanted to get it down to 15 or 16. But what that did is it gave the largest job spurt we've ever had. We had -- prior to COVID coming in, we had the strongest economy in the history of the world of any -- of any country. Now, what happened is we had COVID.

Donald Trump: We did a great job with COVID, including all of the -- the various drugs and everything else that we got, the gowns, the masks.

Donald Trump: What we did was incredible. Never -- I got a lot of credit for the economy. I got a lot of credit for rebuilding the military. Never got credit for that. I handed him something that was great. You know, more people died during his COVID -- of COVID during Biden than during Trump, and I had it during the really bad period all over the world.

Donald Trump: But we gave it back. Now, he had what's called a bounce back, and this happens with all -- what you do is people are staying in and then it bounces back. And he picked up all of those jobs that I created and he tries to take credit for it. It's common in -- when you have pandemics, you have what's called a bounce back.

Donald Trump: When the pandemic starts to end and when it ends, people bounce back and they bounce back into the job. Those are my jobs. Those aren't his jobs. They routinely bounce back. And we created the greatest job machine in the history of our country. We created the greatest economy in the history of the world.

Donald Trump: It was interrupted by COVID. But even that, when I turned over, the stock market was higher than just prior to COVID coming in.

Brian Kilmeade: All right.

Donald Trump: It was a miracle what happened.

Lawrence Jones: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But we will do it again, and we will create the greatest economy in history.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: If these two people take it over, this country is finished. She's a Marxist, and that's where she's going to be: open borders, no drilling. Our country will die.

Brian Kilmeade: Mr. President, you got 75 days to -- to win or to lose. If you win, it would cap the greatest comeback in American political history. Best of luck.

Ainsley Earhardt: Thank you so much for joining us.

Lawrence Jones: Thanks, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Well, Brian, if I might say, you know, we're leading in the polls and we're out there working hard. You mentioned that, you know, RFK would be the biggest thing. I said, well, we made -- I'm making big speeches every day. I'm going to make another one.

Brian Kilmeade: Yeah.

Donald Trump: So, we're really out there. But we're leading in the polls, and we're going to continue, and we're going to win. November 5th is the most important day in the history of our country. Remember that because, otherwise, we're not going to have a country.

Brian Kilmeade: And early voting starts in a couple of weeks. And early voting starts in a couple of weeks.

Donald Trump: That's right, exactly.

Will Cain: All right.

Ainsley Earhardt: Thank you so much, Mr. President.

Brian Kilmeade: It's going to be exciting.

Lawrence Jones: Thanks, Mr. President.

Ainsley Earhardt: We did [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Thank you all very much.

Ainsley Earhardt: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you.