Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-theo-von-podcast-august-20-2024

Theo Von: I have some tour dates to tell you about. I'll be in Las Vegas, Nevada over Labor Day weekend. If you're going to be there, then I will, too. I'll be in Bend, Oregon; Spokane, Washington; Portland, Oregon; Vancouver in the Canada; Oklahoma City; North Little Rock; Springfield, Missouri; Kansas City, Missouri; Sioux Falls; La Crosse; Green Bay; Moline; Lafayette, Louisiana; and Beaumont, Texas.

Theo Von: All tickets through theovon.com/T-O-U-R. And thank you so much for your support. I can't thank you enough. You know, my ninth-grade civics teacher, Barbara Olinger, would be tickled to know that one of her students is getting a sit-down with a president today. So, I just want to speak her name. She taught me to care about our country, and I still do. Today's guest is the 45th president of the United States of America and he's currently running for president on the Republican ticket.

Theo Von: He's been an entrepreneur, a businessman, a television personality. We sat down at his club in Bedminster, New Jersey, and we want to thank the crew there for helping us make the production happen. He's one of the most famous people on Earth, and I'm grateful for this chance to learn more about the man behind the headlines.

Theo Von: Today's guest is Donald Trump.

Donald Trump: But your thing is going really great. My son's a big fan of yours, Barron.

Theo Von: Really, Barron is?

Donald Trump: Yeah. Oh, yeah.

Theo Von: He just graduated high school, right?

Donald Trump: That's right. He just did. He -- he knows you very well. He said, "Dad, he's big."

Theo Von: Wow.

Donald Trump: You're a big one.

Theo Von: That's cool.

Donald Trump: So, that's good.

Theo Von: What --

Donald Trump: But that's -- that's where it is nowadays, right?

Theo Von: Yeah. Well, it's interesting, you know, yeah, I can't believe that we're able to get platforms, and we -- I started in my kitchen, and then, yeah, it just evolved out of there.

Donald Trump: That's fantastic.

Theo Von: I mean, it's pretty unbelievable. What -- does Barron --

Donald Trump: Do you want to start? You go ahead.

Theo Von: Yeah. We're good. Are we rolling?

Donald Trump: Yeah, sure.

Theo Von: We're good? Yeah, does -- yeah, does Barron play sports or anything?

Donald Trump: He does. He plays golf and different sports, soccer. He loves soccer, very good at soccer. He's a good athlete, Barron.

Theo Von: Yeah? Is he going to go -- has he already picked a college or no?

Donald Trump: He has, and he's getting set to go in the fall, good college, a very good one. And he was always a very good student. He's smart -- smart guy.

Theo Von: Which one of -- yeah, like, which one of your kids -- like, yeah, what's something you admire about each one of your sons?

Donald Trump: Well, Don is a hunter. He's a great, great hunter and knows everything about that world and guns and all. He was the first one that said, "Dad, boy, you got lucky, " because I didn't realize that 130 yards is actually very close in that parlance. And he said, "You got lucky." He knew immediately. When he saw that, he said it's incredible because that's considered a pretty close distance.

Theo Von: From how far the shooter was?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Theo Von: Oh, yeah.

Donald Trump: And the guy wasn't a bad shooter supposedly. You know, he was a very disturbed guy, but he wasn't a bad shooter. And Eric, likewise, he loves the business. He loves real estate. Also very much of a hunter and understands a lot of things about that. They were sort of -- as young guys, they were with their grandfather, and he would take them hunting in Czechoslovakia and somehow they developed very well and --

Theo Von: Czechoslovakia. Damn.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Can you imagine?

Theo Von: It's a lot of letters even.

Donald Trump: That's a long time.

Theo Von: Yeah.

Donald Trump: That's a name you don't hear too much anymore, but it was --

Theo Von: I'd need a scope just to get through the spelling of that word.

Donald Trump: That's right. A lot of people -- a lot of people.

Theo Von: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But -- so he'd go. They'd spend time in Europe, and they'd do that. That's where he learned a lot about. Both of them are really good.

Theo Von: With your dad, they would go?

Donald Trump: No, grandfather, actually. The -- the -- they had a grandfather who was a wonderful outdoorsman and athlete. And during the summer, he'd take them out into the woods and they'd go hunting and lots of things, and they loved it. They got to love it. And that's Don and that's Eric.

Theo Von: Yeah. They're funny.

Donald Trump: Oh, yeah.

Theo Von: They have a good sense of humor, too. Like, whenever I see them at UFC, it's like --

Donald Trump: Yeah, right.

Theo Von: Yeah, I just -- like the first time, I was nervous, I think. And then after that, whenever I've seen them, it's like it's fun to kind of cut up with them a little bit.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Yeah. Well, they're -- they're good -- they're good guys, and they -- they really -- they get along great with the rest of the family. We all get along great. We have a good family. And -- but I love you, I see we -- you talk about a great guy. How about Dana White, the job he does, right?

Theo Von: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I want to thank Dana, too, for helping get us set up together.

Donald Trump: Yeah, that's right.

Theo Von: He makes it happen. I like Dana. He's -- he's -- he doesn't waste words. He doesn't waste time. He likes to, I think, be efficient. And he likes -- he has a -- seems like a strong sense of integrity for himself.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Nobody like him, actually. It's -- you know, there's an expression that everybody is replaceable. Not Dana.

Theo Von: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Nobody could do what he does, and he's made that sport into a big monster sport.

Theo Von: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And it's interesting. And we go there and we enjoy it, go with him. Sometimes, we do walk-ons with Dana and the place sort of likes it.

Theo Von: Oh, yeah, I've been there.

Donald Trump: Yeah, but --

Theo Von: There's a video of us. I was in -- behind you in one -- one video. I'm sure the dogs here will pull it up. But yeah, those are some of my favorite -- those are some of my favorite things ever. It became -- UFC became my favorite sport during the pandemic --

Donald Trump: Right.

Theo Von: Because Dana was brave enough to stay open. You know --

Donald Trump: He was it. He was the whole ball game. He was the only sport, and he -- he'd open up in arenas with nothing other than very good fighters.

Theo Von: Yeah. Yeah.

Donald Trump: And they would be fighting. He had some of the best fights during the pandemic.

Theo Von: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But he would do that --

Theo Von: That was exceptional. There it is right there. See, look.

Donald Trump: Oh, yeah.

Theo Von: There you are, and I'm right behind you there.

Donald Trump: Oh, wow. Yeah.

Theo Von: Clapping with that hat. I'm the white guy in the hat.

Donald Trump: Oh, that's great. That's right. The white guy in the hat is right. That's great.

Theo Von: Yeah. I mean, there's a lot of us there, but I was one of them, for sure.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Theo Von: Yeah. See, that's me right there.

Donald Trump: Good sport, isn't it?

Theo Von: Yeah. I'm a Dustin Poirier fan. So --

Donald Trump: Oh, he's great. He was --

Theo Von: I know.

Donald Trump: Boy, I'll tell you, he's a warrior, that last fight he had.

Theo Von: Yes.

Donald Trump: Whether you like it or not, he is a warrior.

Theo Von: Yeah. Yeah, it felt like he didn't get the -- he didn't get the victory, but it didn't feel like he lost.

Donald Trump: No, he didn't lose that fight. He -- he really -- the man he was fighting was tough. He was tough and didn't expect that same fight. But he, oftentimes, will -- he -- he makes people suffer.

Theo Von: Yeah.

Donald Trump: There's no question about it. No, he's all -- he's all -- he's a pro -- he's a professional.

Theo Von: Yeah, he's all heart. He's from Louisiana. That's where I'm from.

Donald Trump: It was -- as that fight went along, he just got stronger and stronger.

Theo Von: I know.

Donald Trump: And he was getting pounded and he was going to be choked out about four different times, and he just wouldn't let it happen. No, you say hello to him. He's good.

Theo Von: Yeah, I'll -- I'll make sure to --

Donald Trump: He's a really great fighter --

Theo Von: And he cooks Thanksgiving dinner every year.

Donald Trump: Oh, wow.

Theo Von: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Maybe I'll have to go some time.

Theo Von: Oh, yeah. I mean, he --

Donald Trump: He must do good food.

Theo Von: He does, yeah. He does some good stuff over there. Yeah, what was the first -- do you remember like the first fight that you ever went to, whether it was -- it was UFC or boxing or anything?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I do. It was Joe Frazier-Muhammad Ali in Madison Square Garden many, many years ago. And I think that was the first fight I went to. I liked -- I always liked the boxing.

Theo Von: How old were you? You remember?

Donald Trump: Oh boy, I don't know. You can deduct it from what I am now, but it was a long time ago. But they were two undefeated fighters. They were both undefeated. Muhammad became a friend of mine. So did Joe, Joltin' Joe. He was -- they were two great fighters.

Theo Von: Yeah.

Donald Trump: That -- that fight was incredible. I think they had like many heart attacks that night, literally heart attacks in Madison Square Garden. I think it was Madison Square Garden. And the fight was so unbelievable. Two undefeated heavyweight champions of the world. There was no UFC and there was no competition, really.

Donald Trump: It was it.

Theo Von: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And so, you had the two guys. And remember that Muhammad wasn't allowed to fight because of lots of different things. And he was a terrific guy. Both terrific guys, very --

Theo Von: And they finally made it happen, they finally made that bout happen.

Donald Trump: And they made it happen. So, you had two undefeated heavyweight champions fighting.

Theo Von: And who took you to the fight? You remember?

Donald Trump: I went with my father and my brother Robert, and it was just -- I don't know, I must have been very young. It was a long time ago, but you would never forget it. That was one of those moments.

Theo Von: Oh, yeah.

Donald Trump: But no, literally, there were like many heart attacks in the arena.

Theo Von: Because people are having too much fun or what do you think, it was drugs?

Donald Trump: No, they're just having heart attacks because it was such a crazy event.

Theo Von: Oh, yeah.

Donald Trump: It was so -- the people were just -- I know a friend of mine, a father, he went -- he had a bad heart attack. Literally, they took him out. They were taking people out.

Theo Von: That's an early KO.

Donald Trump: It was a -- and I don't hear that anymore. I mean, there were other exciting sporting events.

Theo Von: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I don't think there's ever been -- I don't know. I guess, there has. But you would think Joe Frazier-Muhammad Ali, their first fight, but it was a very exciting time.

Theo Von: Yeah. And just people being -- I guess -- yeah, sometimes our systems aren't ready to handle the amount of excitement that's going on, you know. Like I think, like, yeah, maybe people just couldn't even handle so much joy, you think? Like you think it was that people were just so excited.

Donald Trump: They had heart attacks. I mean, they just had -- I guess they do in maybe Super Bowls or something.

Theo Von: Oh, people have heart attacks eating a thick soup, you know. So, it's like I'm not surprised that something so awesome like that would make your heart be like, yeah, I'm out.

Donald Trump: Yeah, but I never hear of it.

Theo Von: Anymore.

Donald Trump: You know, I'm sure it happens. Just that one. But we had an exciting event the other night with Elon, Elon Musk and me.

Theo Von: Oh, yeah. I listened.

Donald Trump: We had a pretty big audience for that one, I can tell you.

Theo Von: Yeah, I listened for probably about like 20 minutes. I thought it was cool. It was -- I think the tough part was just like the -- just like it would have been neat if you guys could have been in the same spot, you know. But I still thought it was exceptional.

Donald Trump: Yeah, I heard -- I heard the audio was great. And actually, they put out a clear tape of it because they had clear tape.

Theo Von: Oh, nice.

Donald Trump: They had so many millions and millions of people watching, like record numbers of people. And I'm trying to figure out -- we're on a cell phone or I was, and, you know, that's a lot of people coming into a cell phone one way or the other.

Theo Von: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But I heard some people had a problem with the audio. I don't know. I don't do that thing. You know, that was done, and -- and we had a great conversation. It was for two hours and 15 minutes. They just put out a clear tape of it, a perfect tape of it, but --

Theo Von: I have to go back and listen to it.

Donald Trump: I sounded -- I think I sounded -- somebody said your voice was distorted or something, and -- and, you know, I guess it happens. Look, it was such a big thing, such a big audience, but I would have -- I would have loved to have seen the clear tape originally. They put it out right after the show. So, now, it's a clear tape where -- a perfect tape done there.

Theo Von: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But when it goes through different phone systems and everything else -- you think, if we were together, that doesn't happen then? Because I think his voice was more clear than --

Theo Von: Yeah, maybe because he was the one who -- who was like initiating the call. I'm not sure. Yeah, I'm not sure about how -- how all that works. But yeah, I know that in post, a lot of times, they can tighten things up and make it better, you know.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Theo Von: I -- yeah, it's amazing how Elon like -- the cost to have really have your own voice in the world is $44 billion dollars, basically.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Well --

Theo Von: If you want to have your voice. Like, you know, I'm saying he has his own -- like he has his own channel.

Donald Trump: And he does what he wants to do.

Theo Von: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And he's a fantastic guy, and he's a brilliant person, and the country should be very proud of him, actually. I have Truth, which has been very successful.

Theo Von: Truth Social, you mean?

Donald Trump: Truth Social, yeah. And that's been very successful in getting my voice out. Well, I needed a voice because, you know, I was on Twitter and I was on Instagram, I was on all of it, and I was on Facebook. And when you added it up, I had -- I -- I was told by Zuckerberg and others, it was like record-setting type of numbers.

Donald Trump: And then one day, I didn't have anything because they canceled -- I mean, they canceled.

Theo Von: There's such a collusion there, right?

Donald Trump: Yeah, it was -- it was a pretty bad thing. And so, I had nothing. So, after about a month -- you know, I have a lot of things to say. And after about a month, I said, you know what I'm going to do, I'm going to just go out and put out an old public relations statement. You -- you remember that? And although you're a little young to see it, but in the old days, you'd put out a statement.

Donald Trump: And I did, and it was just gobbled up. It was really gobbled up. And I opened Truth, and Truth has become terrific, actually, for me.

Theo Von: Your platform.

Donald Trump: I really want it just as a platform. I mean, it's more important than anything else. And --

Theo Von: At least you have your voice then. You can say what you want to say.

Donald Trump: Well, it gave me my voice back, yeah. I had hundreds of millions of people. Even now, I haven't been too active on X, but I have, I guess, 90 some odd million people on it. And -- but I was much higher than that when I was actually on it.

Theo Von: It's like almost all the people -- I don't even know how many people there are.

Donald Trump: Yeah, it's -- I mean, it's been -- but I -- I love the job he's done, and he's brought a certain voice back into -- into play.

Theo Von: Yeah.

Donald Trump: The previous people were terrible, terrible.

Theo Von: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Every time you do a thing, you'd be red-flagged. They'd put up a red flag.

Theo Von: Oh, yeah --

Donald Trump: Every statement you made, you'd be red-flagged.

Theo Von: Yeah, they just -- it's almost like -- yeah, it's like when you have a babysitter and they don't want to have any fun or whatever.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Yeah, right.

Theo Von: That's kind of the vibe I got. When you -- yeah -- yeah, because I see you at the -- at the fights. I see you. Sometimes, you'll sit right by Dana. And sometimes, I'll sit -- you know, like me, I'll go with like David Spade sometimes. He's a close friend of mine.

Donald Trump: Good.

Theo Von: And yeah, I'll see you come in with Kid Rock and -- yeah, you don't drink at the fights.

Donald Trump: By the way, Kid know -- Kid Rock is -- he's terrific. He came to the convention. He knocked them -- he knocked everybody out. He was -- he's a great guy. He's just a great guy. He's -- he's popular, very popular.

Theo Von: Oh, he's -- he's definitely -- he's a real dirt serpent, too, dude. He's a freaking legend, you know.

Donald Trump: He's -- he's --

Theo Von: He's a legend.

Donald Trump: He is a legend --

Theo Von: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I guess, in a true sense.

Theo Von: Oh, 100 percent. People love him, dude. Look at him. I went to his show not long ago somewhere and people -- I think some guy had a heart attack there, too, but it was like was funnel cake related, I think, type of vibes.

Donald Trump: He draws big crowds, actually, it's amazing. I saw one. He was out someplace recently, had 80,000 people. He's -- he's big stuff, but he's really -- forget about that. I call him Bob. You know his is name Bob, right? It's Bob. Kid Rock, but it's Bob. But he's a really good guy and he's cool --

Theo Von: Yeah, I've been over to his house a bunch.

Donald Trump: He's a cool cat, right?

Theo Von: Yeah. Oh, yeah. I mean, I live in Nashville. Right when I got into town, he -- yeah, he hit me up one night and he was like, "Hey, man, I'm having a birthday party this weekend. You should come." And I didn't even know him, you know.

Donald Trump: Right.

Theo Von: And it was nice of him. And since then, we've done a lot of fun stuff together. His brother's missing a leg, too, which is crazy.

Donald Trump: Yeah, his brother is --

Theo Von: He looks like the lamp -- have you ever seen that movie the lamp like from like "A Christmas Story" or whatever?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I don't know.

Theo Von: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But he's fantastic. Their family -- the father, I knew very well. He just passed away, and it was a tough one --

Theo Von: You knew his dad.

Donald Trump: For the brother. I did, and he was -- he was fantastic.

Theo Von: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I got to know him through knowing Bob. And I'll tell you what, it's just a fantastic family, the whole family.

Theo Von: Yeah. No, I love Bob. He and I joke around together a lot. We've spent a lot of time together. Look at his brother right there.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Theo Von: Dude, it's dangerous.

Donald Trump: And you know what, he plays golf and he plays well. He -- he hit a perfect drive with me. He -- I said, "Do you play?" We're on the 17th hole. I said, "Do you play?" He goes, "Yes." I said, "Oh, really? Do you want to hit a shot?" And he said OK, and he got up. Well, it was very hard for him to put the -- I mean, it was really a tough situation because he has to get the ball on the ground and the tee and everything else.

Theo Von: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Nobody did it for him. And he did it. I mean, he goes to the ground and he did it, gets up. He swung. And I'm a good golfer. He had a perfect shot, out to the right with a little hook. Nobody knows what that means in your audience probably, but that's like a perfect shot. And I said, "That is perfect." He said, "I'll do it again." I said, "Don't do it again because you'll never be able to hit a shot that good," and it was really amazing.

Donald Trump: He's a -- he's great.

Theo Von: Oh, yeah.

Donald Trump: And -- and Bob, really --

Theo Von: He'll do it again, too. He's a repeat offender.

Donald Trump: He love the family. Yeah. They really have an amazing family. They love --

Theo Von: Bob is great. I'll -- I've been to parties at his house. You know, one thing that's really nice about him is I'll go do something with him and then like a few days later, he'll send a nice note or he'll send like a photo, like a framed photo --

Donald Trump: Not surprised.

Theo Von: To say, hey, man, I had a nice time.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Theo Von: Yeah -- yeah, I noticed, at the events, you don't drink and you don't drink or smoke, right?

Donald Trump: I don't drink or smoke.

Theo Von: You never have?

Donald Trump: No, I never have. I -- I had a great brother who taught me a lesson, don't drink -- don't drink, and he said don't smoke. He smoked and he drank, and he was a great guy. He was a handsome -- very handsome guy.

Theo Von: Is he older -- he was older?

Donald Trump: Older -- quite a bit older, yeah. And he would -- he had a problem with alcohol and smoke a lot. But, you know, I tell people no drugs, no drinking, no cigarettes.

Theo Von: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I tell that to my kids all the time. I'd say no drugs, no drinking, no smoking. And --

Theo Von: It was tough.

Donald Trump: He had -- well, he'd always tell me, he'd say never. So, he was, you know, really old enough that you would look up to somebody -- and I'd look up to him anyway.

Theo Von: Did you admire him?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I -- I admired a lot -- so much about him. He had so much going. He had the look. He had --

Theo Von: What was his name?

Donald Trump: Unbelievable personality, like an incredible personality.

Theo Von: What was his name, Donald?

Donald Trump: His name was Fred, Fred Trump. And he had a problem with alcohol. He got addicted to it because it's -- and, you know, they say alcohol is tougher than drugs to get off of. I've -- I don't know if you've ever heard that. I was --

Theo Von: Yeah, I'm in recovery, actually. I've been in -- I've been in recovery so like most of the last 10 years.

Donald Trump: From alcohol?

Theo Von: From drugs and alcohol. Drugs --

Donald Trump: Which -- which is worse?

Theo Von: For me, drugs is the problem, but if I have a drink, then I -- it's tougher for me to prevent myself from getting it.

Donald Trump: It sets off a chain.

Theo Von: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But is -- which is harder to quit? I've heard alcohol is harder to quit than drugs, if that makes sense. I don't know.

Theo Von: Oh, yeah. I mean, I can only imagine because it's probably more readily available.

Donald Trump: More readily -- well, and it's social and you're sitting, and everyone's drinking and all.

Theo Von: Yeah. Rarely do you go to a dinner and everybody's eating like, you know, Xanax or something, you know, for appetizers.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Theo Von: Usually, people are having like a mint -- you know, a mint julep or something a little fancier. Negroni, I just learned about.

Donald Trump: Right.

Theo Von: But yeah.

Donald Trump: So, you have a problem with that then?

Theo Von: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Oh, wow.

Theo Von: I've had -- it's been in my family. My family, it's like -- yeah.

Donald Trump: Can you -- can you stay away from it?

Theo Von: Yeah, I've done a good job. I mean, I go --

Donald Trump: So, how long have you been off?

Theo Von: I go to recovery meetings. I've been off most recently two -- a little over two years.

Donald Trump: Do you ever go back on?

Theo Von: Yeah, I've had stints where I go back on and --

Donald Trump: And -- and you don't control it?

Theo Von: It's tough -- it gets -- it goes downhill pretty quick.

Donald Trump: No kidding. So, you --

Theo Von: You think it's going to be easy.

Donald Trump: You think you're controlling it.

Theo Von: And then you're damn. Yeah, you're doing --

Donald Trump: Boy, that's tough.

Theo Von: You'd go kart and racing with hookers and stuff. It gets bad.

Donald Trump: So, the only way you can do it is just not to do it, right?

Theo Von: Right. So, then, in the end, you're like I have to not do it. Did you see -- like with your brother, did you -- could you see it or any -- like --

Donald Trump: Oh, yeah.

Theo Von: Man.

Donald Trump: I was amazed because he -- he had so much going -- he had everything going. I think he -- probably, it had happened in college at a fraternity maybe or -- I don't know, somewhere along the line, it happened. And all of a sudden -- you know, this is not unique. This is a very common story, unfortunately, but -- and then the family would see it and start to notice it. And it didn't get better.

Donald Trump: It didn't get better. I was amazed, you know, he lived for so long in bad conditions, you know, in terms of -- I was amazed that his body could hold out. It held out. And it had bad moments and -- but his body was unbelievably strong that he could -- that it could withstand this.

Theo Von: Yeah, it's the body -- your body is so resilient.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Theo Von: Do you remember the last time that you saw him or spent with him?

Donald Trump: I do and --

Theo Von: I'm sorry to ask you about this. Is that all right?

Donald Trump: Yeah, no, it's -- well, you know, the reason it's good talking about it is it might help other people. If it helps one other person, it's worth a conversation.

Theo Von: We talk about that stuff a lot on our -- on our podcast.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Theo Von: Yeah. A lot of our audience struggles or has struggled with alcoholism, addiction, intimacy disorders, all types of stuff, you know. So, it's like a -- it's pretty kind of normal conversation, but --

Donald Trump: You know, the interesting thing is, and I tell people, so I never had a cigarette and I've never had a glass of alcohol, and my brother was incredible. He would tell me because he knew he had a problem and he'd say don't ever drink, don't ever smoke. He'd always add smoking because he did smoke a lot, which is, you know, not very healthy.

Donald Trump: But he'd say don't ever drink, don't ever drink. He'd tell me every time, he'd said don't ever drink because he knew he had this --

Theo Von: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Addiction. And I never had a glass of alcohol. Never ever did I have a glass of alcohol.

Theo Von: Wow.

Donald Trump: Because of him. And I would say that if I did drink, I could, you know, conceivably be the type of personality --

Theo Von: It could happen to you.

Donald Trump: That would have --

Theo Von: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Like you, that would have a problem. But I never had. And -- and the only thing I say to people is if -- too late for the people that you're talking about, but if you don't drink, you don't miss it. I mean, I -- I don't even think about alcohol or --

Theo Von: Right. It's not a part of your world.

Donald Trump: I don't think about cigarettes.

Theo Von: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I don't think about any of that. If you -- if you don't take drugs or if you don't have alcohol, it's real easy not to drink it. It's --

Theo Von: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I had a friend who went to the Wharton School of Finance with me. He was a very smart guy.

Theo Von: Where is it, Wharton School?

Donald Trump: That's in Philadelphia. That's at Penn.

Theo Von: Oh, yeah. Rocky.

Donald Trump: Right. And it's a great, great school -- great business school. And it's part of the University of Pennsylvania, the business school.

Theo Von: OK. Oh, it's nice down there.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Theo Von: My friend's brother went there or something.

Donald Trump: Well --

Theo Von: We ate in there then once.

Donald Trump: Then he was smart because it's a great school.

Theo Von: And --

Donald Trump: But this -- this person that I met, he hated the taste of Scotch. He hated it, couldn't stand it, but he insisted on having it because he wanted -- he felt it was important to be able to drink. I said, "No, just don't drink." He said, you know, to be successful in business, you have to sort of interact and you have to drink.

Donald Trump: And I said, "Don't do it." Anyway, he became an unbelievable alcoholic, uncontrollable alcoholic.

Theo Von: Oh, I thought like one of the best.

Donald Trump: And he died. Yeah, and he died. He was a -- you know, he -- but he hated the taste of Scotch --

Theo Von: And he still take it.

Donald Trump: And then he then he couldn't live without it.

Theo Von: Wow.

Donald Trump: Literally.

Theo Von: Well, I think I noticed a lot of like in the recovery rooms and stuff, it's a lot of people that have -- they're missing something inside of them --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Theo Von: And so, they --

Donald Trump: Could be.

Theo Von: They take on like, you know -- they want to try and fill it up with something else.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Theo Von: Yeah, do you remember the last time that you spent with your brother?

Donald Trump: I do, and he'd have periods where he'd get sick, very sick, and we thought we'd lose him or we lost him, then he'd get better. And that happened five or six times. I mean, well, you thought you lost him, and then he got better. And it was amazing. I mean, he was, in a certain way, very strong in that sense.

Donald Trump: And I just tell people it's -- it's so tragic. Don't drink, just don't drink.

Theo Von: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And you're not going to have a problem. Like even you, if you didn't drink, you would never -- but you probably maybe wouldn't be successful like you are. You know, it's part of your -- your story, right?

Theo Von: It's helped me a lot. Yeah, yeah because I don't know what would happen probably. I think it's just too risky.

Donald Trump: It is risky.

Theo Von: What's something that you miss about him or like that -- yeah, like what's something that you miss about him, Fred?

Donald Trump: Well, he was wise in a sense. I mean, think of it. He's got this problem and it was very important for him to convey to me not to have this problem. And I couldn't have been successful if I had that problem.

Theo Von: Yeah.

Donald Trump: If I had that problem -- and I think maybe I'm a personality type where I could have had the problem if I drank. But if you don't drink, you're never going to have it. I mean, I don't miss -- when I see somebody light up a cigarette and just they're in heaven, I don't miss that at all.

Theo Von: It's weird. It's so -- it's very native of American to --

Donald Trump: Isn't it -- isn't it crazy?

Theo Von: Bizarre. And, you know, I think, sometimes, our older brothers, they kind of like -- they take the speed bumps for us --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Theo Von: Like as younger brothers so that we don't have to. You know what I'm saying? Does that -- you know what I'm talking about?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I --

Theo Von: Like my brother went through a lot of stuff so that I didn't have to go through it, and then I got to see him and learn.

Donald Trump: Is he OK now?

Theo Von: Yeah, he's doing great now. Yeah, he's doing great now, but it's just -- it's like -- yeah, that's one of the blessings, I think, of having an older brother is like --

Donald Trump: Well, you can learn through history, too, whether -- even if it's not a brother.

Theo Von: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's by watching other people. I mean, you can see if you have a friend who's an alcoholic or even just by reading about people, you can learn.

Theo Von: Oh, yeah.

Donald Trump: It doesn't necessarily have to be a brother. But in this case, it was very personal. It was a brother. And I learned not to drink and I learned not to smoke cigarettes. Now, I don't know that I would have smoked cigarettes. I probably would have drunk. I think, you know, there's no reason not to drink. But I had a reason because he told me, you know, just --

Theo Von: That was it.

Donald Trump: Don't do it. Yeah.

Theo Von: Yeah. That was kind of a blessing then.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Theo Von: And where did you -- did they -- did you guys ever do anything fun together, like one nice memory that you have with him?

Donald Trump: He had a great talent for flying. He was a pilot.

Theo Von: Oh, sweet.

Donald Trump: And he loved it. And he --

Theo Von: Did you ever fly with him?

Donald Trump: I did. I flew with him. He was a great pilot and very talented. Other pilots would come to his house to study with him.

Theo Von: Watch him fly.

Donald Trump: And -- and he was really talented at that. But ultimately, he had to give that because of the alcohol. He had to give that up, which was a hard thing for him to do, but he had to give that up.

Theo Von: Election day is coming up on November 5th, and there's this really cool website, sendthevote.com, that makes it easy to register to vote. It's nonpartisan, which means they don't care who you're voting for, they just want to make sure you can vote. Head over to sendthevote.com. They'll help you sign up, register, and even check if you're good to go. I'll drop a link in the podcast description.

Theo Von: Let's all get out there and cast our votes this November. Again, that is sendthevote.com. S-E-N-D-T-H-E-V-O-T-E.com. AI might be the most important new computer technology ever. It's storming every industry, and literally billions of dollars are being invested. So, buckle up. The problem is that AI needs a lot of speed and processing power.

Theo Von: So, how do you compete with costs spiraling out of control? Well, it's time to upgrade to the next generation on the cloud, Oracle Cloud Infrastructure or OCI. OCI is a single platform for your infrastructure, database, application development, and AI needs. OCI has four to eight times the bandwidth of other clouds, offers one consistent price instead of variable regional pricing.

Theo Von: And of course, nobody does data better than Oracle. So, now, you can train your AI models at twice the speed and less than half the cost of other clouds. If you want to do more and spend less like Uber, 8x8, and Databricks Mosaic, take a free test drive of OCI at oracle.com/theo. That's oracle.com/theo, O-R-A-C-L-E.com/theo.

Theo Von: Yeah, it's crazy. That's the wildest thing to watch, is people losing everything, you know.

Donald Trump: Yeah. No, they lose everything and many, many people. And you have -- in those days, it wasn't drugs, it wasn't like don't drink, don't take drugs. I don't think drugs -- I don't even know, were they even a factor? They happened a pretty long time ago. But I think, in those days, I don't think -- were drugs a factor?

Donald Trump: You go back 25 years ago.

Theo Von: Not like it is now.

Donald Trump: Well, certainly not like now.

Theo Von: Yeah, and that -- that actually takes me into something else I wanted to talk about.

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Theo Von: Like alcohol -- alcoholism and addiction is something that's really ramped up, even like you're saying, like in the past 20, 30 years in our country, right?

Donald Trump: Right.

Theo Von: And during the opioid epidemic, they estimate that like almost 600,000 people died.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Theo Von: And that doesn't even include the broken hearts and the deaths of families and circles of trust, all -- you know, just people that lost a brother, doesn't even include the actual -- the siblings.

Donald Trump: Right.

Theo Von: You know. And so, the ripple effect of that is huge. And there's that -- there's that Sackler family that pretty much got away with it. You know, they had a financial slap on the wrist, but we're one of the only countries that allows drug advertisements and pharmaceutical companies to advertise on television.

Theo Von: Like what do you think is -- are things that you can do to help curtail that when you get into office?

Donald Trump: So, well, we did a great job. We had --

Theo Von: Does that make sense or not?

Donald Trump: Yes.

Theo Von: That question.

Donald Trump: It does make sense. And we had committees, blue ribbon committees in certain cases, but committees that would meet. The big problem we have is -- you know, fentanyl is probably the biggest. Opioid is bad. Opioid is bad, too.

Theo Von: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I think that's bad because everyone thinks -- you know, in many cases, they think they're going to do away with pain. And literally, the time is so short. If you take it for like two weeks, you're almost addicted to it. It's incredible when you think --

Theo Von: The whole -- yeah, all of that is horrible. But why do we allow --

Donald Trump: How do get -- how did you -- how did you get addicted? How -- how did --

Theo Von: No, I would just do cocaine. That was really -- yeah. So, not just -- yeah.

Donald Trump: That's down --

Theo Von: And it was --

Donald Trump: That's down and dirty, right?

Theo Von: Yeah, and this is -- yeah, this -- I mean, it was -- yeah.

Donald Trump: But you don't anymore?

Theo Von: No, I don't do it anymore, man, and I'm not doing it.

Donald Trump: Is it too much -- too much to handle?

Theo Von: Some of the stuff started to get a real rattle in it, too. I don't know where we were even getting it from in this country, but yeah, it started to make me feel like I was a mechanic or something.

Donald Trump: So, the thing you'd go back to then is alcohol, for the most part?

Theo Von: Right. Yeah, but -- well, what I want probably is cocaine, but I know that if I have a drink, then it'll give me -- it'll like -- be like, OK, well, I had a drink, then I can do this.

Donald Trump: Is cocaine a stronger --

Theo Von: Oh, yeah.

Donald Trump: Up?

Theo Von: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Cocaine will make you --

Donald Trump: So, you're way up with cocaine more than anything else you can think of?

Theo Von: Cocaine will turn you into a damn owl, homie. You know what I'm saying? It'll -- you'll be -- you'll be out on your own porch, you know.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Theo Von: And you'll -- you'll be your own street lamp. You're freaking.

Donald Trump: And is that a good feeling while --

Theo Von: No, it's horrible.

Donald Trump: It's a miserable feeling.

Theo Von: But you do it anyway, just like the guy you're saying with the Scotch. Like you did -- you didn't -- you knew it was bad, but you still --

Donald Trump: So, it's not even good during what would be normally the good time, in other words. Oh, wow. So, why would you do it?

Theo Von: I wouldn't. That's why I don't.

Donald Trump: Yeah, that's -- that's terrible.

Theo Von: But it's crazy because that's what alcoholism is I think, it's that it trumps the why.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Theo Von: It like -- it doesn't -- and it just -- you don't -- and you just go to. It's like so that's why they say that it's cunning, baffling, and powerful. That's what they say about alcoholism.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Yeah.

Theo Von: And it is. It's -- it's --

Donald Trump: Which is a bigger problem in our country would you say?

Theo Von: Opioids.

Donald Trump: Bigger than alcohol?

Theo Von: Oh, for sure. I think it's -- that's one of the biggest problems.

Donald Trump: And compare that to fentanyl.

Theo Von: Oh, yeah. Well, that's the problem is people are making fake opioids because they can't afford real ones or they're just getting them off the street --

Donald Trump: Right.

Theo Von: And then they put fentanyl in them.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Fentanyl is like laced into everything now, it's horrible.

Theo Von: It's horrible. Yeah. They found some in a baby rattle somewhere, I think. I don't even know where that was. But one of the things I was wanting to ask you about was like -- so there's like the Big Pharma lobbyists, like there's 1,800 Big Pharma lobbyists in Washington, DC.

Donald Trump: Right.

Theo Von: There's only 535 total representatives or senators, total. So, just the fact that there's this whole other almost drug government --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Theo Von: That's there kind of pushing the -- you know, pushing agendas and influencing things. Like how do we stop that, man? It just seems like -- it's obviously killing people. Like people are dying, you know. It's like what do we have to do that our own government won't help us?

Donald Trump: Well, you have to stop listening to lobbyists. You know, I was not a big person for lobbyists. And if they have even a little access to like a president or a senator or a congressman or woman --

Theo Von: They're snakes.

Donald Trump: They get a lot of money.

Theo Von: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And in some cases, they just take the money, they don't do anything. But you have a lot of lobbyists in Washington pushing and certainly a lot for the -- for all of the things that we're talking about, including alcohol.

Theo Von: The lobbyists are winning it feels like.

Donald Trump: Yeah, they're winning. They're making a lot of money. Absolutely.

Theo Von: Can you stop that? Can a -- can a president stop that? Like how do we stop that?

Donald Trump: Well, one way you could stop it is to say if you're going to go into government, you can never be a lobbyist. In many cases, they have rules and regulations where you can't do it for four years, three years, five years, whatever.

Theo Von: You mean be a lobbyist after you were an elected official.

Donald Trump: Yeah. I mean, you could --

Theo Von: Is that what you're saying?

Donald Trump: You could say that if you're an elected official or if you work in government, you can never be a lobbyist. You have people that work in government and they give out contracts to the military and then they leave and they work for them -- for the people that they're giving out contracts to.

Theo Von: Right. That's exactly what happened with the Sackler family with the drug companies. They hired people that were on the FDA to work for them so they could loophole the laws.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Theo Von: Or, you know -- but can we outlaw lobbyists or we can't do that?

Donald Trump: Well, there's a whole constitutional thing there. I mean, can you make somebody never ever go into the business if you're -- if you work for government, and especially if you're giving out contracts? In other words, you're a powerful person within some industry, the Navy, the Army, any -- you know, anything.

Donald Trump: It could be military procurement, etc. There's a whole thing, like there's a whole question as to you give out a contract and then, all of a sudden, you're working for the person you gave out the contract to or the company that you gave out the contract to.

Theo Von: Right. It's like you're playing both sides of the net.

Donald Trump: Well, it's -- and it's obviously a problem and it's a big problem, and we were doing things about it, but then we had to get down to other business. We had to solve some -- we had a lot of problems with this country, a lot of problems.

Theo Von: It's pretty clear that the establishment doesn't like you, I would say. What do you think?

Donald Trump: Well, I think the people like me.

Theo Von: Oh, yeah, the people.

Donald Trump: Because we're leading now in all the polls. We're leading in -- Rasmussen just came out a little while. Rasmussen is a very highly, highly regarded poll and we're leaving by like -- leading by five points.

Theo Von: Rasmussen.

Donald Trump: Rasmussen poll.

Theo Von: I haven't seen that.

Donald Trump: And -- and others also. And we're doing well. But I think the people like me a lot. You know, we won, and then we did --

Theo Von: I agree. No doubt.

Donald Trump: So, we won in 2016, and then we did much better in 2020, much better, got millions and millions more votes. And --

Theo Von: But why does the establishment keep trying to sink you? Like what is it that they are so afraid of?

Donald Trump: Well, in some cases, the things we're talking about right now. They want to sell product that I'm not interested in. They want to have certain boats and certain ships and certain planes and certain everything bought. Pharma is another one that's, you know, interesting.

Theo Von: Or do they push back against you, you think?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I think they do. Well -- yeah, I think -- I think it's pretty obvious that they do. In one way, that's a positive thing politically because when you can show that they push back, the voters seem to like it. But we have a lot of -- a lot of popularity. We have a lot of -- a lot of people that want to see me come back and win because we had a great time.

Donald Trump: We had the greatest economy in history when I was president. We had --

Theo Von: Oh, yeah. My cousin got a boat.

Donald Trump: Yeah, we had the best numbers.

Theo Von: During that.

Donald Trump: African American, Hispanic American. If you look -- Asian American, job numbers, women, men, everybody. We did a -- we did a lot of good things. We cut -- we cut taxes more than anybody else, including Ronald Reagan. We cut regulations, which created jobs. We had a great period of time, and I think the people want it back.

Donald Trump: Based on what I'm seeing, the people want it back.

Theo Von: One thing that you did -- recently, we had Bernie Sanders on.

Donald Trump: Right.

Theo Von: And --

Donald Trump: Interesting.

Theo Von: And I know --

Donald Trump: That's very interesting.

Theo Von: Certainly, you guys don't agree on a lot of things, but I think you both acknowledge how horribly rigged the health care system is against the American people because hospitals and insurance companies get away with hiding their prices from all of us, and literally, they can charge whatever they want. You know, it's like you sign up and say, yes, I'll pay.

Theo Von: You trust the hospital, but then you get home and the bill is -- it's whatever, you know, which pretty much feels like some form of -- of extortion to me. That's what it seems like to me.

Donald Trump: It's a form, yeah.

Theo Von: But you had an executive order where you created a federal rule forcing hospitals and insurers to publish all their prices.

Donald Trump: Yup.

Theo Von: Right? So that people would be able to know, OK, if an MRI costs $600 here, and it's $5,000 there --

Donald Trump: Yup.

Theo Von: Then I can go here and save myself money.

Donald Trump: Right.

Theo Von: But that hasn't even been enforced. Like hospitals --

Donald Trump: Biden -- Biden got away with it.

Theo Von: Hospitals and insurance companies, they're not in -- they're still not showing their prices.

Donald Trump: They hated it.

Theo Von: Of course, they did.

Donald Trump: And because it would -- would have made it very competitive. And Biden let it go. He didn't -- he never enforced it. And to get that approved was a big deal. And that would have brought down the price of -- of, you know --

Theo Von: So many things.

Donald Trump: Not only, you know, just care, right, care, physical care, mental care. That would have brought down the -- the cost of care by 50, 60 percent, and Biden and Kamala didn't press it. It was a big thing to get it, but I'll be pressing it. And because --

Theo Von: You will be?

Donald Trump: I will be pressing it -- yeah. And because I'll be pressing it, there are some people that are vehemently against it for financial reasons, you know, for money reasons. But I'll be pressing it.

Theo Von: Those people can go to hell. Dude, that's insane.

Donald Trump: Yeah, I know. These are bad people.

Theo Von: Especially because one of the leading causes of bankruptcy in America is medical debt. I mean, it's --

Donald Trump: Wow.

Theo Von: That's crazy.

Donald Trump: It's pretty crazy.

Theo Von: And I don't even think I made that up either.

Donald Trump: No, it's -- when you think of it -- at first, when you said it, I said wow. And then I'm thinking about it, I'm saying it's really not a wow, it's I understand it.

Theo Von: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Tremendous lobby, tremendous powerful lobby.

Theo Von: Well, yeah, because -- I mean, think about, what else is going to put you in medical like in -- in that much of a debt. It's like -- I think that's -- I believe that that's accurate. Who's behind -- who's behind the health care insurance, that whole thing? Like who's behind it all? It feels like Chuck Schumer is this kind of like deviant mastermind back there somewhere.

Donald Trump: Well, he's one of the people that has hurt and he's one of the people that keeps the prices high. And he's -- you know, gets a lot of contributions from the people on the other side. Yeah, and him and plenty of other people, a lot of people. It's a very powerful lobby.

Theo Von: But wouldn't they want --

Donald Trump: You know the most powerful lobby, the lawyer lobby.

Theo Von: That's -- that's the --

Donald Trump: And that feeds into that also. You know, it all feeds into it.

Theo Von: Wait, hold on, just so I understand, Donald, sorry. So, that -- that lobby is a very powerful one.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Theo Von: But why do those people want people to suffer, though? Just so they can make money?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Theo Von: That's crazy.

Donald Trump: Yeah, it really has to do with money. That's --

Theo Von: How much money do they need? Can we just give them --

Donald Trump: They probably start off by saying this is terrible, and then they eventually say, well --

Theo Von: But can we just, as a country, say, hey, how much -- OK, you need $3 million? We'll give you that. Fuck off.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Theo Von: We want to be healthy.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Theo Von: Like can't we make a deal with those people?

Donald Trump: They're very tough to deal with, and they've been taken care of by drug companies and others for years. You know, you have politicians that have been, for years, being taken care of by people that make a lot of money and they want to keep making a lot of money. And it is -- I mean, in that case, it's not a power thing.

Donald Trump: It's a money thing.

Theo Von: Yeah.

Donald Trump: A lot of money.

Theo Von: What are some of the other lobbies that are out there that we don't even know about?

Donald Trump: Well, the most powerful lobby is the lawyer lobby, I would say. The teachers' lobby is important or powerful, sometimes, really, to the detriment of everybody. But the most powerful lobby is probably the lawyers. Who would think that, right? But they have -- they're -- they're -- that's why if you wanted to get rid of court cases and cut down litigation costs, which, in this country, is out of control, loser pays.

Theo Von: It's crazy.

Donald Trump: What you do is you go loser pays. In other words, the loser of a lawsuit has to pay for the other side -- has to pay back all the money the other side spent.

Theo Von: You think that would solve it?

Donald Trump: Yeah, it would get rid of 75, 80 percent of -- of the litigation. We are a very litigious country.

Theo Von: It's on -- everything is under -- it's all bureaucratic. It's all bull. It's all dirty paperwork.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Theo Von: It's a bunch of rigmarole.

Donald Trump: Well, if that would happen, you'd get rid of a lot of it, but the lawyers are opposed to it. It will -- it probably will not happen no matter what because, obviously, the lawyers want to --

Theo Von: Can you do -- what would have to happen? The Supreme Court would have to vote on something to make it happen?

Donald Trump: I -- I don't know. I think that it maybe would have to go before the Supreme Court, but the most powerful lobby is that lobby. And if you wanted to get rid of litigation, if you went -- and, you know, Europe has it, a lot of places have it in different countries where loser pays. If you sue somebody and you lose, you have to -- you have to pay the costs of the other side.

Theo Von: Yeah, that makes sense, I think.

Donald Trump: And what happens is people don't sue. It's a tremendous difference. But this country -- the lawyers are very much opposed to it in this country. It's too bad.

Theo Von: Yeah, man. It's just pretty heartbreaking, I feel like. There was a rumor that you almost had RFK Jr. as a potential vice president.

Donald Trump: No.

Theo Von: OK. Just a rumor. And --

Donald Trump: Yeah, no.

Theo Von: And did --

Donald Trump: I like him. I've always liked him, but --

Theo Von: Yeah, I like him, too. He's -- Bobby and I are friends. He's a friend of mine. I've known him for years.

Donald Trump: No, he's a good man.

Theo Von: Yeah.

Donald Trump: He's in there pitching. It's tough. It's a two-party system and he's a third party. You know, it's a tough thing. He can't get registered now in New York. I see New York. And the Democrats have really opposed him vehemently. I haven't, but the Democrats have really opposed him.

Theo Von: So, you think he should be allowed to run everywhere?

Donald Trump: Well, the laws don't allow that.

Theo Von: OK.

Donald Trump: And the laws don't allow, unless you have 15 or 20 percent or whatever it is, they don't allow you to debate. You don't have to debate. So, you can't get on the stage. You can't -- and the debates are very important. I mean, I had a debate with Joe Biden.

Theo Von: Oh, yeah, I saw that.

Donald Trump: And that was a very meaningful -- that was a very consequential debate to put it mildly.

Theo Von: Well, yeah, they -- they -- they -- they took the hand out of the puppet after that.

Donald Trump: Well, they wanted to debate. They gave me everything that I didn't want, CNN. And then they gave me Dana Bash and Jake Tapper. Now, remember this, they were very straight during that debate. I have -- I gained a certain respect because Jake Tapper, who I call Fake Tapper, but, now, I don't do that.

Theo Von: I saw at Whole Foods one time.

Donald Trump: I don't do that so much anymore. You did. But I thought they were very evenhanded, if you want to know the truth, during the debate. It was good.

Theo Von: I didn't feel like they -- like they moderated -- I didn't feel like that they pushed a lot of stuff.

Donald Trump: They had certain pressure on them to be evenhanded. I think it's hard to not do that. But they were very evenhanded, and it was a great debate, but a very important debate.

Theo Von: Well, after that, it seemed like suddenly everybody had been like, oh, Biden's fine. And America for like 18 months -- like my dad was really old when I was born. My dad was 70 when I was born, right?

Donald Trump: Right. Right.

Theo Von: So, I don't like seeing senior citizens get taken advantage of, right?

Donald Trump: Right.

Theo Von: I felt like that happened a lot when I was a kid. And so, I think, for me, it reflected on me like it made me really angry because I was like I know this guy is not well, it's not fair to pretend that he's well.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Theo Von: It's not fair to him because he doesn't know you're pretending, you know. And it just seemed like the cruelest thing you could do. And then we're all kind of supposed to believe this thing that we know is not real or media is just saying this is real, and we're like -- we're just being gaslit as humans about something that's like moral, like this is a human man.

Theo Von: This is somebody's grandfather. And then they just disappear. He just disappears. And suddenly, it's like --

Donald Trump: It was a coup.

Theo Von: Kamala is the --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Theo Von: Is the one that went in. What do you think happened in the back rooms there because that almost was overnight that happened?

Donald Trump: I know what happened, and you're not supposed to do that. It's not supposed to be probably constitutional. She got no votes. He got 14 million votes. All of a sudden, they're telling him to get out or they threatened him.

Theo Von: But who are they when you say that?

Donald Trump: And he is an angry person. Well, I would say Schumer, Pelosi, and numerous other people, the heads of the Democrat Party.

Theo Von: Yeah. Thugs.

Donald Trump: And they did. They threatened him violently, I think, and he didn't want to get out.

Theo Von: You think they really threatened --

Donald Trump: Remember, he said, "Only God will get me out," right? Only God will get me --

Theo Von: Somebody dressed up like God and just chased him out of there.

Donald Trump: Yeah. And what happened is they -- they went to him and they said -- this was after the debate. Now, if he didn't have the debate, he would still be --

Theo Von: Running.

Donald Trump: Running.

Theo Von: Yeah. So, they set him up. They knew they were going to pull him.

Donald Trump: That I don't know. I mean, he had his debate. Maybe he wanted to. I heard he didn't. I heard they offered me things that I would never accept, and I accepted them. They said CNN, they said Jake Tapper, Dana Bash. They -- they said all things that I could not take, and I accepted all of them. And, you know, look, it was a good debate for me. It wasn't a good debate for him.

Donald Trump: I think he'd still be running right now. You wouldn't have her. She was one of the most disrespected people in the whole country. She was -- she was a failed vice president. She was the most -- she was considered the worst vice president in the history of our country. She had no chance. You know, if you go back six weeks, they were saying how bad she was, and they wanted to choose from 11 different people.

Theo Von: Do you feel --

Donald Trump: I thought that's what they were going to have.

Theo Von: Oh, you thought that's what they -- well, that would have seemed more Democratic, I think.

Donald Trump: They were -- they were -- they wanted to be politically correct and they chose her.

Theo Von: I feel like it would have seemed more -- but, dude, I got so angry when they sidetracked Bernie a few years ago or --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Theo Von: That wasn't fair.

Donald Trump: It happened to Bernie twice.

Theo Von: Yeah.

Donald Trump: If you think about it.

Theo Von: Yeah. Oh, it was crazy. Yeah, 2016 and '22. He just got -- you know, it just wasn't cool, like whatever you think.

Donald Trump: No.

Theo Von: It's just like we have to be able to believe --

Donald Trump: Would you like Bernie -- is he -- are you friends with him or something?

Theo Von: No, I met him the other day. I like --

Donald Trump: Was that the first time?

Theo Von: It was the first time.

Donald Trump: Were you impressed by him?

Theo Von: I -- yeah.

Donald Trump: One thing, he's -- he's still sharp, right?

Theo Von: Oh, yeah, he's still sharp.

Donald Trump: He doesn't suffer from what Biden did.

Theo Von: No, no, no, no. No.

Donald Trump: Mental dullness.

Theo Von: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Right?

Theo Von: I mean --

Donald Trump: Mentally gone.

Theo Von: Biden is just -- Biden is like --

Donald Trump: Mentally gone.

Theo Von: He's -- you know, somebody put a merry-go-round in his head, I heard. But that's, you know -- but they didn't plug it in. They didn't tell him.

Donald Trump: Yeah, that's probably right.

Theo Von: But -- no one thing I liked -- I liked about Bernie. Well, one of the things is, is the health care. I just feel like we spend so much money in different places and people are sick and the opioid epidemic. I just feel like -- and the lower cost of drugs. Those are things that I --

Donald Trump: And did Bernie -- because I got insulin down, and they took credit for it, but I got it down to $35. And I said, "I hope I win because somebody's going to take credit." It took -- it takes a period of time before it kicks in statutorily. And I got it down to $35, which was a very low price, and they took credit for it, which is, you know, now, I'm taking credit because I'm talking to you.

Donald Trump: You know this.

Theo Von: Well, yeah, if you did it, then you should be able to take credit for it.

Donald Trump: Where she just -- I just watched her performance today, so she went out and --

Theo Von: Who? Kamala?

Donald Trump: Yeah. She lied about everything. She said this Trump tax, that Trump tax, that Trump tax. He's going to tax this. He's going to tax -- all these different things, and I'm not going to tax them. She made it up.

Theo Von: Did you know that four companies controlled over 80 percent of the US meat industry and China now controls the largest portion of US pork? These companies are using mobster-like tactics to crush American family farms. And with the additives that they're putting into our food, Americans are stuck with sketchy meat.

Theo Von: So, what can we do about it? Let me tell you about a company that's coming up swinging on behalf of the American family farms and your family's food security, Moink. The business is simple. Moink's meat comes from animals raised outdoors where a pig is free to be a pig. Hey, buddy. Their farmers are given an honest day's pay for an honest day's work, and they deliver meat straight to your doorstep at prices you can actually afford.

Theo Von: So, keep American family farms farming by joining the Moink movement today at moinkbox.com/theo. Sign up today and get free hot rolls in your first order. Spelled M-O-I-N-Kbox.com/theo. Oink, oink, get Moink, moinkbox.com/theo. You know what it is, brother and sisters, baby. It's time for those wiener uppers, Daddy.

Theo Von: You feel me. bluechew.com. They're helping -- BlueChew is a unique online service that delivers the same active ingredients as Viagra, Cialis, and Levitra but at a fraction of the cost in chewable form. Sign up at bluechew.com, consult with one of their licensed medical providers. And once you're approved, you'll receive your prescription within days.

Theo Von: BlueChew wants the entire country rock hard. They told me that that's the mission. They will not stop until every man is bricked up like a brick house. And we've got a special deal for our listeners. Try BlueChew free when you use promo code Theo at checkout, just pay $5 shipping. That's bluechew.com, promo code T-H-E-O to receive your first month free.

Theo Von: Visit bluechew.com for more details and important safety information. And we thank BlueChew for sponsoring the podcast.

Donald Trump: Look, people in politics, many of them, not all of them, are really liars, but she's really a liar. She made up a series of lots of different taxes that Trump's going to charge you on clothing. He's going to charge you on this or that. And actually, she's the one -- your taxes are going to go up by four times.

Donald Trump: And if the Trump tax cuts -- because I got the largest tax cuts ever, but they expire in a number of months pretty soon. She has to be able to do something about it and she's unwilling and incapable. I'll tell you what, if she's -- she's the worst vice president ever. He's the worst president ever, a deadly combination.

Donald Trump: And we have a country where the borders are bad, where the world is blowing up. You look at Israel, you look at Ukraine, you look at all the different things that are happening.

Theo Von: Oh, yeah.

Donald Trump: She is -- and she has no clue. And you know what I say about her? Why don't you do it? You know, she complains about everything. She's been there for three and a half years. Why don't you do it? All you have to do is say why don't you do it? Why didn't you fix it? You could fix it right now. Don't, you know, do whatever you're doing.

Theo Von: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And she won't talk to you, and she won't talk to anybody. She won't be interviewed.

Theo Von: She's welcome to come on. I would love to -- to get to talk to her.

Donald Trump: I know. I'm sure she'd be very exciting. Actually, you could make her exciting, probably.

Theo Von: You think?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I think so.

Theo Von: Somebody said she's a good roller skater, that's what I heard, which is crazy.

Donald Trump: That's about it.

Theo Von: Yeah. Yeah, I mean, look, we're going to wrap it up soon, OK? Is that what you're saying?

Donald Trump: Yeah, please.

Theo Von: OK, Donald. Sorry. Speaking of -- speaking of Kamala and speaking of the border, we had two border patrol agents that came on in the past two years, right?

Donald Trump: Right.

Theo Von: Because we wanted to learn about it from --

Donald Trump: Sure.

Theo Von: People that are there on the ground. And one of the things that we found out was, a lot of times, they keep arresting the same people because the -- the -- the people that are coming in illegally aren't being prosecuted. That's one of the biggest problems they were saying. What can we do differently to make things safer at the border?

Theo Von: It's -- the fact that a family can't -- a father can't -- you know, can't sleep at night because he doesn't know who's going through his yard or going through it, it's just not fair. It's not what you sign up for when you're an American. What are you going to do differently?

Donald Trump: So, the border is -- well, I did it. I did it. We had the best border.

Theo Von: Oh the wall, they should have kept it. I agree.

Donald Trump: We had the wall built. We had more going to come beyond -- long beyond what I promised. I built hundreds of miles of wall. And it worked. Walls worked, you know, walls and wheels. I say it all the time.

Theo Von: Walls and wheels.

Donald Trump: Two things that never get obsolete, wheels and walls.

Theo Von: Well, they also supplied infrastructure. Like people don't understand, the wall also was a place where Border Patrol agents could go to get water, to get food, to rest.

Donald Trump: Absolutely.

Theo Von: It provided like a shelter out there as well.

Donald Trump: It worked.

Theo Von: They're in the middle of nowhere. They said it worked. The -- the two that I've spoken to said it worked.

Donald Trump: Wall work. And I was going to do 200 miles of wall. We had it built, and we -- to -- you know, to the specs -- specifications of the Border Patrol. We were going to put it up, and it would take three weeks to put it up. That's an additional 200 miles to fill up certain areas that, you know, when you --

Theo Von: Yeah.

Donald Trump: When you make the wall, then all of a sudden, they start coming through other areas. We had it wired, and they wouldn't do it. They wouldn't put it up. And I realized they wanted open borders. Kamala wants open borders. She's going to have open borders. We'll have 50 million, 60 million people because of them.

Theo Von: Sick.

Donald Trump: We have over 20 million people, in my opinion, right now. They came into our country. Many come from prisons, jails, mental institutions, many terrorists. Do you know that other countries now, their crime rate is way down because they're sending all their criminals?

Theo Von: They're all here. It's a party.

Donald Trump: They're sending all of their criminals to us. And who would take this? Why is this a good thing? It's horrible. She should be ashamed. And, you know, she was the border czar, too. He put her in charge.

Theo Von: Oh, yeah.

Donald Trump: She was the worst border czar in the history of the world.

Theo Von: She's a roller skater. That's what somebody told me the other day.

Donald Trump: She's terrible.

Theo Von: But what are you going to do? What's going to happen with the border when you're back?

Donald Trump: We're going to seal the border, and I had it very well sealed. We had the -- we had the most successful border in the history of our country. We're going to seal the border. We're going to finish up certain areas of the wall because they didn't do it. And we're going to have an unbelievable border. And we're going to spend a lot of time getting the criminals out.

Donald Trump: Look, we have murderers in our country.

Theo Von: Oh, I don't think people should be allowed to be in our country if they're criminals.

Donald Trump: Well, then you're going to be very unhappy to know that we have a lot of people, hundreds of thousands of murderers. We have -- we have people -- drug dealers, talking about drugs. It's -- it's not even believable that they'll do it. So, what they've done is they've allowed murderers, people in prisons, people in jails, people in mental institutions, insane asylums, and terrorists to pour into our country by the hundreds of thousands.

Donald Trump: And they are in our country right now. And the country that brought them out said if you ever come back, we're giving you the death penalty or we're going to kill you.

Theo Von: Well, in Brooklyn, alone, there's a huge -- there's a huge building that is housing just Haitian people. They're just housing, just wandering around Brooklyn all the time, my friends are telling me.

Donald Trump: Well, they have some -- they have some rough people, too. Really rough people.

Theo Von: So, you're -- so when you -- so if you get reelected, the border, you're going to continue that project?

Donald Trump: Well, I -- I had it done.

Theo Von: You're going to make sure it's safe?

Donald Trump: We had it -- we had the safest border and the best border in the history of our country. And now, it's a disaster.

Theo Von: Biden -- somebody invited Biden to the border, and they said he went to a border's books, dude. And I was like that's --

Donald Trump: Well, they invited her and she went to a place that doesn't have a problem, you know. She's a disaster. She's -- she is the worst vice president. It's the worst administration in the history of our country. She's a part of it. And she won't do an interview. She would never do an interview like this. She won't do an interview.

Theo Von: I'd love for her -- yeah, I want to learn more about her.

Donald Trump: Well, I think you should ask her to come on.

Theo Von: Tell Barron I said thanks, man. Yeah.

Donald Trump: He's a big fan.

Theo Von: I hope to get to meet him someday. He seems like a neat kid.

Donald Trump: Yeah, he is. He's great.

Theo Von: Is he? Yeah, And yeah, thank you for your time. I can't believe that I got to be able to sit down with you. I'm grateful to -- to Dana White as well for setting this up. And --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Theo Von: And yeah, I just appreciate you giving me your time today, Donald Trump. Thank you so much.

Donald Trump: Thank you. It's an honor. And good luck with your situation. You're going to do it. You beat it, right?

Theo Von: Oh, yeah.

Donald Trump: You beat it. Good luck with it.

Theo Von: Thank you, brother.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. [Begin videotape]

Busta Rhymes: For 50 years now, hip-hop has been a reflection --

Chuck D: Of culture and society.

Fat Joe: That includes stories of struggle --

Method Man: And pain.

Rick Ross: Social injustice.

Fat Joe: Racial inequality.

Rick Ross: The marginalization of communities.

Fat Joe: Today --

Method Man: We confront a health care system --

Busta Rhymes: That has been rigged against all of us.

French Montana: Hospitals forced patients to sign contracts for services --

Fat Joe: Without ever showing us actual prices --

French Montana: Stifling competition --

Fat Joe: Overcharging, without accountability.

Method Man: And if we can't pay --

French Montana: These same contracts --

Fat Joe: Allowed them to take everything we own --

Method Man: Creating so much fear --

French Montana: That millions and millions of Americans refuse to enter our hospitals --

Fat Joe: Putting our health and our lives at stake.

Chuck D: This is an American humanitarian crisis.

Fat Joe: We love our nurses.

Method Man: And we need our doctors.

Fat Joe: But hospitals and insurers --

Rick Ross: Rigging a system to make profits off of people that's in struggle is unforgivable.

Method Man: We demand prices and --

Busta Rhymes: Transparency in health care.

Chuck D: Power to the patients. [End videotape]