Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-fox-friends-august-7-2024

Brian Kilmeade: Let's welcome the 45th president of the United States, GOP presidential nominee, President Donald Trump. Mr. President, welcome back.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Ainsley Earhardt: Good morning.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Good morning.

Brian Kilmeade: So, your reaction to Governor Tim Walz joining Kamala Harris to go against you and JD Vance?

Donald Trump: I would say my reaction is I can't believe it. I never thought this was going to be the one that was picked. I know him a little bit. I helped him very much during the riots because his house was surrounded by people that were waving an American flag, doesn't sound like very bad people, and he called me and he was very concerned -- very, very concerned that it was going to get out of control.

Donald Trump: They only had one guard. I guess it was at the mansion or at his -- his house in some form. And he called me. I said, "What do you want me to do about it?" I was in the White House. He said, "If you would put out the word that I'm a good person --" And I did. I put out the word. I said, "He's a good person.

Donald Trump: I hope everything's good." And everybody put down their flags and took their flags with them, but they took their American flags and their MAGA flags and they left it. It was thousands of people. And that was the first time I said, "Wow, that's very interesting." And he called me back and he thanked me very much.

Donald Trump: That's my only thing I ever had to do with him. He's a very, very liberal man, and he's a shocking pick, and I'm thrilled. I could not be more thrilled.

Ainsley Earhardt: Yeah. I mean, when they selected him, it's really a gift for you because this election is all about the issues. And all of you all have records. You've been the president. We know -- we know where the economy stood. We know what your record is. We know what Kamala Harris' record is. And we know what his record is. And they are extremely progressive.

Ainsley Earhardt: Talk about how you're going to handle this on the campaign trail. Will you just really hone in on how they voted in the past?

Donald Trump: Well, I am. I'm going to be doing that, what he's doing, what he wants. If you look at his record with no walls, no security, let everybody in, he's worse than they are. You know, nobody knew how radical left she was, but he's a smarter version of her, if you want to know the truth. He's probably about the same as Bernie Sanders.

Donald Trump: He's probably more so than Bernie Sanders. She is more so than Bernie Sanders. That's got to be your guide, Bernie Sanders, and that's not a great guide. But this is -- there's never been a ticket like this. This is a ticket that would want this country to go -- to go communist immediately, if not sooner.

Donald Trump: We want no security. We want no anything. He's very heavy into transgender. Anything transgender, he thinks is great. And he's not where the country is on anything.

Steve Doocy: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: This is a shocking -- let me tell you, this is a shocking pick, and I think it's very insulting to Jewish people, and I think it's very insulting to people that want security. I think it's very insulting to anything having to do with making America great again.

Steve Doocy: Mr. President, is it true that your team thought for sure that it was going to be Josh Shapiro? Because there was one reporter who was at a JD Vance event yesterday, and there were some fliers printed up talking about how JD Vance -- rather about how Mr. Shapiro was a fraud and corrupt and a lying conman and stuff like that.

Steve Doocy: So, it sounds like you were ready to take on him.

Brian Kilmeade: That sounds like what you would say.

Donald Trump: Well, look, I'm no big fan of Josh Shapiro. I know the state very well. I think we're leading pretty good in that state. But I would have said it would have been a better choice. I would have said others would have been a better choice. And interesting, just about all of them, except this one, is better than her.

Donald Trump: She is not nearly as good as the people she was looking at. I know them all in one form or another. And in fact, there was a poll done and there were some studies done. She's the worst of the group, and she's the one that's leading it. Look at this decision. This is a really bad decision for the country.

Donald Trump: You know, ultimately, I want the country to have good decisions because, ultimately, what we want is for the country to do well. The country can't do well with these two people.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: They have -- they are very similar. And, you know, you would -- you would have thought she would have reached out and got somebody that's got some different -- because her -- her record on security is horrible. She was a border czar, which she doesn't admit it now. You know, the only thing they have going is the media will play off all of the bad things, bad things that happen during her term.

Donald Trump: She was so bad that five weeks ago, they wanted to remove her because she was unthinkable to be president. They were going to go with anyone. And then they were afraid that they would offend people if they did that. And all of a sudden, inch by inch, and then she ends up taking over. And now, the same press that thought she was the worst vice president in history, which is true, going along with the worst president in history.

Donald Trump: And he went down after the debate, and there was nothing much they could do if they tried to come back. Then they brought her in, and everybody said it'll never be her, she's so bad, she's incompetent. And after they studied it a little bit, they realized it's not going to be so easy to do. So, they say, well, look, the press is going to do whatever we want because the press is a rigged deal.

Donald Trump: The press is -- the media -- outside of you people, of course, but the media is -- is so -- they're trying to build her up to the next Margaret Thatcher liberal version, and I don't believe it's going to happen. I hear she's -- hasn't taken one interview. She would never do an interview like this. That -- that I can -- with any network.

Donald Trump: She doesn't do interviews because she can't answer questions. I don't know how she debates. I heard she's sort of a nasty person, but not a good -- good debater. But we'll see because we'll be debating her, I guess, in the pretty near future. It's going to be announced fairly soon, but we'll be debating her.

Donald Trump: I'd like to see it on Fox, by the way. I would like to see it -- my preference would be Fox, but we have to debate [Inaudible]

Steve Doocy: Do you have an announcement, Mister -- are you working stuff out behind the scenes because we haven't heard about it yet?

Donald Trump: No, but I can tell you, every network loves me very much right now. They love me very much. I've never been so loved by CBS and by ABC fake news. So -- and by NBC -- and by NBC. No, they're all in love with me now so that, you know, I say yes because it's up to me, obviously, also.

Brian Kilmeade: But --

Donald Trump: So --

Brian Kilmeade: On the debate --

Donald Trump: But the most important thing is we get debate. I think debates are very important, and I think she'll be exposed, just like Biden was exposed. Nobody knew Biden was that bad. And then he was exposed during the debate, and they tried to have a series of comebacks after that. And they didn't work out too well, and they viciously overthrew him.

Donald Trump: I mean, he was overthrown. Using -- using every trick in the book, they overthrew him. It was -- it was pretty amazing actually to watch.

Brian Kilmeade: Yeah. I want to come back to the debate, just -- just to close this up. You're in litigation with George Stephanopoulos on ABC. So, there's a --

Donald Trump: Yeah, in what is --

Brian Kilmeade: Right. And the judge says, yeah, this is -- the lawsuit is going to go forward. So, how could you go on ABC, especially if he's going to be one of the moderators?

Donald Trump: Well, you could use that as an excuse. I could use that. I've said that is there a conflict? And, you know, there might be. George Slopadopolus, and he's got problems. And, you know, they've got problems. But they're going to have a -- I guess, David Muir is going to be the host. In that case, you have all the hosts are pretty much named.

Donald Trump: And you have Bret and Martha, and they're great. And I'd love to see it on Fox, but, you know, it takes two to tango.

Brian Kilmeade: Well, maybe -- maybe you get two, maybe you get two debates.

Donald Trump: She doesn't want a debate. Look, she doesn't want a debate. She wants to say I don't want a debate, but I do want a debate. You know, when it came to Biden, I accepted everything. I accepted Jake Tapper. I accepted -- I accepted everything because he didn't want a debate. After I accepted everything, the only thing I said, "Let's stand up." They wanted to sit down at a desk.

Donald Trump: I said that's not going to look so great. So, I said let's -- but I accepted everything. And, you know, pretty much, that's the way I do it right now because I want to debate her. I think it's important for the country that we debate. Now, where it is? You know, I'm all for Fox. I'd like to see it on Fox. I think Fox would do a really good job.

Donald Trump: But two people have to agree.

Ainsley Earhardt: All right. Mr. President, let's talk about some of the issues. Mr. Walz -- Governor Walz said this about you, that you don't understand kitchen table issues. Listen. [Begin videotape]

Tim Walz: Donald Trump is not fighting for you or your family. [Audience member calls out "You are"] He never -- he never sat at that kitchen table like the one I grew up at wondering how we were going to pay the bills. He sat at his country club at -- in Mar-A-Lago wondering how he can cut taxes for his rich friends.

Tim Walz: [End videotape]

Ainsley Earhardt: Mr. President, what's your response to that?

Donald Trump: Well, I think it's just the opposite. I think if you see the vote, those people are all voting for me, the people that he's talking about with the kitchen table. And I was not always sitting at Mar-a-Lago either, but I was sitting at lots of other places and built an unbelievable business, one of the greatest businesses.

Donald Trump: I built a business that is phenomenal. That's been really determined now how good it is. And, you know, I could have a very simple life and a very good life and continue to do what I love. I love business and I love creating jobs, and that's what we're doing. We'll be creating jobs at a level that you've never seen before.

Donald Trump: If you look at our administration, the most successful administration, from the economy standpoint, there ever was. There's never been any administration that was even close, numbers-wise. And by the way, they had inflation the level which our country probably has never seen. You know, they say you go back 72 years.

Donald Trump: Well, I think we probably never have seen inflation like that, and it's killing the -- the same people that he's talking about, it's killing. Inflation has destroyed their administration, and they have no idea what to do about it. It's getting worse. And you had a crash the other day of over a thousand points.

Donald Trump: It's a very bad situation that we're going in. We could end up in a depression if these people are reelected.

Brian Kilmeade: So, let's talk about antisemitism. Van Jones had interesting things to say about antisemitism. He says this on CNN. "It's just because he's a moderate --" they're talking about Shapiro not getting the job, "or is there some anti-Jewish bias there?" He goes, "You also have antisemitism that's gotten marbled into this party.

Brian Kilmeade: You can't be for the Palestinians without being anti-Jewish bigot, but there are some anti-Jewish bigots out there and there's some disquiet now." And there has to be how much that just happened, how much is this pick, I guess he's saying, caving into the anti-Jewishness, antisemitism that's marbled into the party.

Brian Kilmeade: Do you think that's marbled into the party? Because if I could bring in something else that's new, CNN did a poll, and they asked New York Jewish -- Jewish New Yorkers, if the election was today, who you'd vote for? And for the first time maybe ever since Ronald Reagan, you have a one-point lead over Kamala Harris among Jewish voters in New York.

Brian Kilmeade: Your reaction to -- to Van Jones and that poll.

Donald Trump: Well, we're going to try and win New York, and that hasn't been done for many, many decades, as you know. But we're trying to win New York, and we're very close to doing it. And probably that's another reason I was somewhat surprised. I think that any Jewish person who votes for a Democrat or, in this case, these people, but who votes for a Democrat should have their head examined.

Donald Trump: They are so bad. If you look, they are so bad to Jewish people, what they've done and the way they talk and their policy and everything else, far beyond just what happened because everyone thought it was going to be Shapiro. It turned out not to be Shapiro. I have very little doubt that it was, you know, not for the reason we're talking about.

Donald Trump: It was because of the fact that he's Jewish, and they think they're going to offend somebody else. And you wouldn't feel very comfortable if you're in Israel right now with this team. This is the worst team ever assembled for a Jewish person or for Israel, either one, the worst team ever assembled. This is a team that will not be there.

Donald Trump: And I think I'm going to get a tremendous amount of Jewish votes. I think I was doing fine there, but I think it's a big difference. Traditionally, Jewish people vote for Democrats. But, you know, we won -- last time, we won Miami, we won areas that nobody's ever won before with -- with Jewish people. But when he didn't pick Shapiro -- and I don't think Shapiro was the second-best person or the third.

Donald Trump: I think there were other people better than him. I know them all. And, you know, so -- but I was shocked when it -- when it came down to the final two that he didn't pick Shapiro. I was very surprised.

Steve Doocy: Mr. President, here's another soundbite of the current vice president talking about, you know, on her watch with Joe Biden, things are just absolutely great, right? Watch. [Begin videotape]

Kamala Harris: And Pennsylvania, we fight for a future with affordable housing, affordable health care, affordable child care, paid leave. We fight for a future where we bring down prices that are still too high and lower the cost of living for America's families. [End videotape]

Steve Doocy: OK. So, there -- you know, she was -- she is copilot to Joe Biden. So, while inflation and prices have been through the roof during their administration, now she's put -- trying to put on a happy face about how we're going to turn it all around. Mr. President, I'm sure you've seen, over the last week or so, her team has been leaking to The New York Times.

Steve Doocy: You know, all those things we used to stand for were not for them anymore because we've adopted all new policies. That's probably one of the reasons why she has not appeared on television. And so, she's trying to appear more moderate to appeal to people in the middle, and she's getting away with it. The honeymoon for Kamala Harris, it must drive you crazy because she's -- it's still going on.

Donald Trump: Yeah, it does, and there's only one thing because she's just talking about Pennsylvania, no fracking. That means your energy prices are going to go through the roof. But that means -- that means Pennsylvania is going to lose half a million jobs. More important than the half a million jobs, they're going to lose tremendous streams of money.

Donald Trump: She wants no fracking, and she wants no fracking. She's trying to say now that she wants -- you know, she's gone through every single thing that was a horror show, and she disavows it now. She disavows the no fracking. If she does no fracking -- and she will 100 percent do it. One thing I've learned about politicians, and you -- you people knew it maybe before me, but I've known it for a long time, their first thought is the thought that they end up doing.

Donald Trump: She's for no fracking. She's for defund the police. You know, she's a big -- she was the original defunder of the police. She was the original no cash bail, cashless bail, which has caused havoc. And look at how she's destroyed San Francisco. She started it out as the DA in San Francisco with policies that were so bad.

Donald Trump: It's a crime-ridden place. It went to the greatest city in America. It's a crime-ridden place right now. It's not livable. You can't even live there. And then she went to attorney general, she's destroyed California. Her and Gavin New-scum have destroyed -- absolutely destroyed California. And what a shame.

Donald Trump: What a beautiful place it was, but it's not beautiful anymore. She cannot get away because if she does this to America, every one of us are going to either be leaving or we're going to be living like -- we're going to be living like dogs. Our whole country, our whole system is going to collapse. Even the talk about her has -- has driven the stock market down.

Ainsley Earhardt: Yeah.

Donald Trump: You know, when the stock market goes down, when you see it go down, that's because she gets a decent poll number. She gets bounces in her poll, the market goes down. The stock market will collapse like in 1929 if they're elected.

Ainsley Earhardt: We -- we know people are pulling a lot of their money out. If you looked at your 401(k) on -- on Monday, you were in tears. You put on -- on social media, Trump cash versus Kamala crash. And analysts are warning, even though there was a turnaround yesterday, the rebound doesn't mean the market meltdown is over.

Ainsley Earhardt: And when we go out to these diners, Mr. President, this is the No. 1 issue: the economy, inflation, how it's affecting us. People can't retire right now because they're losing their money. The other issue is the border. And you have Tim Walz who said that if you build this wall that's 25 feet, he wants a ladder factory where he sells ladders or gives ladders to the illegal immigrants that are 30 feet so they can climb the wall.

Ainsley Earhardt: He wants to pay for illegals' health care, just like Kamala Harris does, their tuition, and give them driver's license. He actually signed that into legislation in his state. And he supports to make Minnesota a sanctuary state.

Brian Kilmeade: It is. Yeah.

Ainsley Earhardt: So, talk about -- it is now. Talk about the economy, what you're going to do for the economy, and what you're going to do for the border.

Donald Trump: The first thing we're going to do is we're going to drill, baby, drill; and then number two -- and I can do lots of things on the first day. It's not one thing or two things or four things. We're going to do lots of things on the first day, but we're going to close up the border. We're going to let people come in, but they have to come in legally.

Donald Trump: I built 571 miles of wall. We built a lot, much more than I said I was going to build. I was then going to add 200. We were 300 -- 200 miles. We were 300 -- literally, we were just -- right there, we could have had another 200, almost 300 miles of wall, and they decided not to put it up. I had it in May.

Brian Kilmeade: We paid for it.

Donald Trump: And they sold it. Brian, they sold it for --

Brian Kilmeade: I know.

Donald Trump: For nothing. They sold it for 5 percent of the cost. It's very expensive. That wall is exactly what Border Patrol wanted. It wasn't my preference. I had a different wall. I had the most gorgeous wall you've ever seen, but they had to have steel, concrete, and rebar, and that's what it is. Inside that steel is concrete, inside that is rebar.

Donald Trump: They needed a certain wall, a high tech -- it's very high tech. It's all wired for cameras, for everything. I put it up. They sold it for 5 -- for 5 percent of the cost of building it.

Steve Doocy: Wow.

Donald Trump: And all they had to do was flip it. All they had to do is -- it was all in place. We would have had 200 miles additionally, and the wall would have been unbelievable. And by the way, walls work. You've heard me say, two things work. Everything is obsolete, but two things work, walls and wheels. They'll never change.

Donald Trump: Walls and wheels.

Brian Kilmeade: So --

Donald Trump: Everything else [Inaudible]

Steve Doocy: Well, Walz is running for vice president now.

Brian Kilmeade: Mr. President, we know you dodged an assassination attempt, and we still look at the footage and can't believe it, and we're so thankful, the whole country is, even if they're voting for you or not. But then there's this story about Asif Merchant. He's 46 years old. He was in New York City. He's got a Pakistani family and a Tehran family.

Brian Kilmeade: It looks like he was trying to meet with a hitman, thankfully the FBI had infiltrated, to assassinate you. Your thoughts about this devious plot?

Donald Trump: Well, I'll tell you this, I'm in a very dangerous business. Being president is a dangerous thing and especially when you're an active president, when you're somebody that wants to make our country secure, when you want to build a strong military. We built -- I rebuilt our entire military. I mean, we gave a lot of it away to Afghanistan, which is like shocking.

Donald Trump: That was -- by the way, the Afghanistan, when -- when we showed that gross incompetence in Afghanistan, I was getting out, but we were getting out with tremendous dignity and strength. We were the boss. It was -- we were going to keep Bagram. If you remember, we were going to keep Bagram because it's literally one hour from where China makes its nuclear weapons.

Donald Trump: They gave Bagram, and China has now assumed control of Bagram, and nobody wants to tell you that. We were going to keep Bagram. But the Afghanistan move was so bad. I think it was the lowest point in the history of our country. It was an embarrassment. The worst time in the history of our country in terms of that.

Donald Trump: And we gave that up. It was like the most horrible thing.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: And that gave Putin the feeling that, wow, these people are incompetent. I can go into Ukraine. And frankly, as you know, under me, Iran was broke. There was no Hamas threat. There was no Hezbollah threat.

Brian Kilmeade: And Mr. President, also Kamala Harris was the last one in the room when he -- when Joe Biden signed off on that. Meanwhile, one of your favorite people, Lawrence Jones, is live in Sturgis. Lawrence, take it away.

Donald Trump: No, he's good. Thank you.

Brian Kilmeade: You have some people that have some questions for you.

Donald Trump: I love that.

Lawrence Jones: Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Hi, Lawrence.

Lawrence Jones: How are you doing, Mr. President? We're live from Sturgis.

Donald Trump: I'm doing good.

Lawrence Jones: Say hello to the -- the -- the -- so -- so the people have some questions for you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Yes. Thank you.

Lawrence Jones: I want to bring in Brett. He was talking about he has his daughter, his grandchildren now living with him. And he says -- you're concerned about the economy. What is your question for the former president?

Unidentified: So, Mr. President, I appreciate you giving your time here.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Unidentified: One of the big concerns is what are you going to do about bringing down the rent and things like that in the economy? Because out of eight children that I'm a father and a stepfather to, five of them are struggling and I'm giving them part of my income on a regular basis. How are you going to make the economy not just -- just the -- you know, the food and -- and electricity, but bring down the rent prices, the housing prices so that these kids can survive and without their parents' help?

Lawrence Jones: Such a good question. Mr. President.

Donald Trump: You're right. I hear it very well, and I tell you, first of all, I love the people that you're with. I know that -- I must have at least 99 -- perhaps 100 percent of all of them. And I think they're incredible. We are going to drill, baby, drill. We're going to bring down the cost of energy. Energy is what caused the worst inflation, I think, in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: Food prices are up 50 percent, sometimes more. You look at bacon. Bacon has quadrupled. You can't order bacon. You can't order anything. We're living horribly. We have the worst inflation we've probably ever had in our country, and it started because of energy. We're going to drill, baby, drill. And then we're going to have China and all of these countries that were treating us good when I was there, toward that -- I mean, it took me a long time to get them to behave properly.

Donald Trump: All of these countries are going to again stop like four years ago. I could ask you, you were in great shape. You had low energy costs. You had low food costs. Everything was good. You could buy a house. You had low interest rates, 2 percent interest rates. You had gasoline at $1.87. Now, it's $5 and, by the way, going up and going up very substantially.

Lawrence Jones: Yup.

Donald Trump: But you had gasoline at $1.87 a gallon. Nobody talks about that anymore. Nobody even can believe it's going to happen. It's going to happen again. We've got to get the energy prices down, and everything else is going to be tumbling down with it, the prices, because what Biden has done to the economy is so horrible, and what he's done to inflation in our country is just very destructive.

Lawrence Jones: Mr. President, it's the perfect segue.

Donald Trump: We're going to get it down for you [Inaudible]

Lawrence Jones: I -- it's the perfect transition, Mr. President, because I met Linda at the airport yesterday. And when I talked to her, I said, what is the No. 1 concern? She's concerned about Kamala Harris and her energy policy. What is your question for the former president?

Unidentified: Mr. President, what can we do --

Donald Trump: Hi.

Unidentified: To achieve a permanent long-term energy solution to keep us energy-independent?

Lawrence Jones: Such a great question. Mr. President.

Donald Trump: It's a great question. It's such an important question. And look, we're run by people that are not smart people, OK? Not smart people. We have more liquid gold, you've heard me say this a million times, under our feet than any other country, Russia, Saudi Arabia. You can add them all up. We have more than anybody.

Donald Trump: We were energy-independent four years ago. And now, we're -- we're begging Venezuela for oil. Venezuela. They don't even have oil. They have a tar. You have to take tar and you have to refine it. It's a terrible process. We have the best, the most beautiful, the best highest quality oil under our feet. Texas and numerous other places.

Donald Trump: We have the best stuff. We don't use it because Biden doesn't -- he talks about the environment. You know, it's amazing. They talk about the environment, and yet we refine the Venezuelan tar, OK? We refine it, and it goes up into our air. It's done in Houston, the only plant that can do it. We are going to bring the energy costs down.

Donald Trump: Everything else is going to be tumbling. And we don't need energy from any other country. We have -- and we have to fill up the strategic reserves again. That's down -- it's the lowest number it's ever been. He's using the strategic reserves, which is meant for military, which is meant for war and very important things.

Donald Trump: He's using it to try and keep gasoline prices down, and we can't allow that to happen. We have to fill up the strategic -- I was filling that up at levels that they've never seen before. We have to fill up the strategic reserves immediately. We can't let people use that to fill the car. We will have the energy prices to a point where they're low -- as low or lower than they were four years ago.

Lawrence Jones: Yup.

Donald Trump: But remember, I had you down to $1.87 a gallon, and that was beautiful. They were good times. Thank you.

Lawrence Jones: Mr. President, it was a good time. I drive a big truck, so I remember that. Got one last question for you. A lot of folks here are talking about Social Security, and this gentleman has a question on that point.

Unidentified: Yeah. Mr. President, a lot of seniors, our only income is Social Security. Last year, they had adjustable income of 1.2 percent. Meanwhile, inflation was probably 7 percent or higher. How about making it mandatory whatever inflation is, that that would be the income for the Social Security instead of this 1.2 percent pathetic -- pathetic adjustment?

Lawrence Jones: Mr. President.

Donald Trump: I got it. It's a great question. We -- we could do a lot of things to help the people. People on Social Security are being killed. And one of the things I'm doing is no tax for seniors on Social Security, and I'll get it done quickly. No tax for seniors on Social Security. And for all you waiters and waitresses and everybody else out there, drivers, we're not going to have any tax on tips.

Donald Trump: No tax on tips. Remember that. No tax on tips. But we're going to have no tax for seniors on Social Security. And they are ruining -- they're going to destroy Social Security because millions of people are coming into our country and they're putting them on Social Security. They're putting them on Medicare.

Donald Trump: They're putting them on all of our things. They're destroying it. You will -- they are destroying Social Security. We're going to make -- and remember, I was there for four years. I didn't raise the age. They wanted to raise the age. They wanted lots of things. I said no way. We left Social Security the way it was.

Donald Trump: Now, we're doing no tax for seniors. You deserve that. We have plenty of other things we have. I told you about liquid gold.

Lawrence Jones: Yeah.

Donald Trump: We have more than anybody else. We don't have to do that. We don't have to hurt people on Social Security. So, we are going to do no tax on -- for seniors on Social Security and also no tax on tips for the waiters that are standing right next to you.

Lawrence Jones: So, Mr. President, I'm going to send it back to the couch, but the people here are going to kill me if I don't ask you. They want to know, will President Trump be at the next Sturgis right here to be with the people? [Applause]

Donald Trump: Are you ready? I love Sturgis. I love it. I love it. And I love that state. In that state, we win by so much. The answer is absolutely yes. I will be there. Absolutely, yes.

Lawrence Jones: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Lawrence.

Lawrence Jones: Thank you, Mr. President. Back to the couch. [Audience chants "USA"]

Steve Doocy: That is exactly what they wanted to hear.

Ainsley Earhardt: Look at that.

Steve Doocy: Lawrence in Sturgis, very nicely done. And Mr. President, thank you very much for taking half an hour to chat with us today.

Ainsley Earhardt: Thank you so much.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you. It was great fun. Thank you very much. I'll talk to you soon.

Brian Kilmeade: All right.