Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-newsmax-sebastian-gorka-july-23-2024

Sebastian Gorka: Mr. President, welcome to Rob Schmitt Tonight.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much, Sebastian. That was quite a day, and quite a time, but it was an incredible convention, I will say. The best I think, the best ever of either party. There was never anything like it.

Sebastian Gorka: I was there with my wife, who's now a GOP official in Virginia, which is now in play. I'd never been to a convention before, and it was quite a sight to behold. You addressed tens of thousands of patriots. Uh, Mr. President, earlier today, the director, the disgraced director of the Secret Service, Kimberly Cheatle, tended her resignation in a very strange statement, where she first states that she is hanging up her spurs, but then doesn't mention why.

Sebastian Gorka: She simply talks about recent events. Uh, the day after they tried to murder you, Mr. President, I wrote a piece in BrightBot where I said, "This was inevitable. This was the assassin who had to happen, because the Democrats have normalized violence. They've called you a threat to democracy for eight years now." I must ask you, in front of your loyal Newsmax viewers and American voters across the nation, do you feel safe with her having left?

Sebastian Gorka: And do you trust her example, the FBI who raided your home to investigate what happened in Butler, and to get to the bottom of it, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Well, I just heard that she is out and she, I don't think had much of a choice. That was a pretty bad day for -- by any circumstance. Uh, forget about me for a second, we lost a great patriot, Corey and two wonderful gentlemen were badly hurt. This was, uh, bad and there some other less serious injuries too.

Donald Trump: This was a bad day for this country and certainly, they should have had people on that rooftop, and they should have told me that there was a problem. I guess, maybe they didn't know or something -- uh, they haven't gotten to the bottom of that yet. It should have happened, I would say, within an hour, not 9 days, 10 days.

Donald Trump: So she was, uh -- that was seems to be inevitable that she was -- that she left. And I don't know if she was fired or she left. Probably she left 'cause Biden doesn't ever fire anybody. He didn't fire anybody for Afghanistan, he didn't fire -- he doesn't fire anybody for anything. So, uh, which is one of his problems.

Donald Trump: So, um, that was a rough time. Do I feel safe? Yeah, I've -- I have to feel safe, otherwise I guess, I wouldn't be able to do this stuff. I made a rally three days later in Michigan and it was incredible. That was an incredible rally, uh, one of the best we've ever had. And the love is so unreal. Now they have really beefed it up. They should have beefed it up before.

Donald Trump: I know that we've been asking for them to beef it up. You know, we have crowds of 40, 50,000, 60,000 people. In New Jersey, we had 107,000 people. And when you have crowds like that, you need more people for the crowd. Forget me, and for me too, but as president, for any president. But you have to, uh, have more people and I know that our people have been asking for more people consistently and not getting them.

Sebastian Gorka: Uh, since the assassination attempt on you and the loss of Chief Comperatore, uh, what you predicted after the first debate on the golf course, that they're going to ditch Joe Biden and Kamala is the candidate, has occurred. Very strange, he, uh, stepped down from the candidacy on a post on Elon Musk's platform X. And then yesterday, he called in to the Biden new headquarters.

Sebastian Gorka: Uh, she is apparently the anointed candidate. There are some on the conservative commentariat who say, "This a far more dangerous opponent for you. The, uh, minority vote, the woman's vote." Is it possible for Kamala Harris to separate herself from the disastrous Biden regime that she served as its deputy for the dangerous incompetence she showed with regards to the border, as the borders are?

Sebastian Gorka: How do you think this opponent rates against the incumbent, Joe Biden?

Donald Trump: Well, I think it's polling about the same. I noticed I was 10 up and 11 up in polls that I was about he same on Biden. Um, a poll just came out where I was 11 up. So it's about the same on polls. I don't know that it stays there. It's very early. A lot of things happened. In the mean time, this has been a very active period, uh, to put it mildly.

Donald Trump: But I would say from the debate on, uh, this has been a rather active period in the world of politics. The debate night was a very big moment. And then, uh, you had a series of events, and then of course, you had last Saturday. That was tough when there was the, uh, the shooting. That was real bad. And you know, you've had a lot of big things happen in the meantime.

Donald Trump: I think, uh, look, she destroyed the city of San Francisco. She was the worst, she was the worst at everything. She was the worst vice president and he was the worst president. By the way, he was the worst president we've ever had, and her ratings are lower than his ratings, so I don't know how she can do well.

Donald Trump: But maybe she can. It's a crazy world out there. Um, she was, uh.. she's terrible. You look at what happened to San Francisco, and a lot of people blame her. She was a prosecutor out there and, uh, she was terrible and she did a terrible job. San Francisco's a different place, not even livable in many ways.

Donald Trump: I hate to say that, but it's not even livable in many ways. They got to get that together. They're gonna lose that city. And who would've thought 15 years ago, you would've been saying something like that. And as you know, she as the border czar and essentially, she never went to the border. She went one, but she went into a location where, uh, you would love to have dinner, you know, very soft.

Donald Trump: That was a location where nothing was happening, and they knew that. Uh, so she essentially never went to the border. Uh, the border was, uh, the worst border anywhere in the world, probably in the history of the world, the most bor -- And I think you're gonna have, by the time hopefully we get them out, uh, you're gonna have 20 million people coming in, many from prisons, many from jails and prisons.

Donald Trump: If you think of it, there is a slight difference, and also many from, uh, mental institutions, and even insane asylums. They're emptying out into our country, and also many, many terrorists are pouring into our country. And she's the worst border person in history. And yes, guys like Tom Homan or Brandon Judd, they will tell you, there -- there's never been anything like that.

Donald Trump: She was the border czar, she knew nothing about the border. The border is the most devastating thing to happen to this country in so long.

Sebastian Gorka: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And I'd put up there also, the way we withdrew in Afghanistan. I mean, there's so many things. Nothing good happened during this administration, nothing.

Sebastian Gorka: Well, let's talk about the foreign affairs when you were the president, when we were in the White House as part of your team. Not only was America safe, the world was stable. Now new wars for four years.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Sebastian Gorka: But Israel has experienced the greatest loss of life since the Holocaust on October the 7th. We've just heard that the vice president is going to boycott the president, the prime minister of Israel's visit to Washington D.C. You will be meeting with Benjamin Netanyahu on Thursday. How bad is it for international affairs and our allies, such as Israel, that Biden is the nominee for the Democrats?

Donald Trump: Well, it's amazing actually that they -- that any Jewish person, any person that, uh, is Jewish, uh, frankly that has even a little respect. 'Cause you know in this country, a lot of Jewish people are not big fans of Israel, which is something that they've never been able to explain to me. But that any Jewish person or any person that believes in Israel and loves Israel can even think about voting for a Democrat.

Donald Trump: Obama was horrible, he is horrible, Biden is horrible, horrible. And, uh, they're not good for anyone else either. Actually in Michigan, the Palestinians there, nobody wants to vote for him, neither side wants to vote for him. And that's probably one of the many reasons he got out. I mean, the obvious reason was obvious to all, it was a big con game.

Donald Trump: Keeping him in was a con game. But, uh, no, it's, uh, uh, pretty amazing that, uh, she refuses to meet with them, and they asked whether or not they could meet with Mana, said certainly. You got to meet with both sides, you got to get it settled, you got to get it finished, you got to get it over with. They've got to do their job.

Donald Trump: October 7th would've never happened. You know, you were in the administration. October 7th would've never happened if we were there, Sebastian. Okay? I say plural.

Sebastian Gorka: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But if I was president, October 7th would've never, ever happened. And by the way, Russia would've never attacked Ukraine either. And we wouldn't have inflation.

Sebastian Gorka: What is, uh, her culpability as well, not just with regards to the border international affairs. But it seems that there's been a cover up. We've been told for three and a half years, there's no problem with Joe Biden. Clearly he's not fit to serve, that's why he's standing down. Is Kamala Harris not part of the cover up concerning the fact that Biden was unfit to serve, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Everybody is. Everybody. They -- everybody that dealt with him is. And I saw it immediately during the debate, where the debate was a big moment 'cause that sort of revealed things, and you know, he didn't do exactly well in the debate. But I got that very early. And, uh, look, everybody is. I -- You know, what about his doctor?

Donald Trump: There's a doctor that keeps writing out these wonderful doctor reports, tell me about him. And this took place long before this. This took place when he was locked up in his basement during COVID, where he would never come out. And he was in a basement for a long period of time. I'd say, "When is this guy coming out to speak?" And he, he virtually didn't come out.

Donald Trump: It's a, it's a very sad, very sad state of affairs for this country. And look what's happened in the last period of time. Look what's happened in the last, uh, three and a half years to our country. We've been overrun with, with m- hundreds of thousands and millions of frankly criminals from jail, mental institution, people from mental institutions.

Donald Trump: I mean, and, and by the way, ker- terrorists at a level that nobody has ever seen before, Sebastian. Now looking at the records-

Sebastian Gorka: Yeah.

Donald Trump: -- nobody's ever seen terrorists coming into our country at the level that they're coming in right now. It's terrible.

Sebastian Gorka: So are you, uh, are you looking forward to debating Kamala Harris?

Donald Trump: Sure. I mean, I, I would like to debate her. I'd like -- I like to debate, but I like to debate for the country and not for myself. And, uh, generally speaking, I think, uh, you know, it's a good, it's a great way of exposing people. It's a great way of finding whether or not -- number one, whether or not they're capable, and also, uh, their ideas.

Donald Trump: Uh, look at their ideas. She was up to her -- she's got to go right back. If she won, she'd go right back to open borders and destroy the rest of the country. Our country is being destroyed. You know it, I know it. I'm not sure they know it. Uh, they have some kind of a game. One, one little piece of their game is trying to register these people to vote.

Donald Trump: But you know, they do it other ways also, so it's not just that. But it's hard to believe that anybody would want to see open borders where people come in totally unvetted or unchecked. Really hard to believe.

Sebastian Gorka: Um, there are some conservative commentators, especially a former Fox program host who said, you won the election in Butler, Pennsylvania. I think that's dangerous talk. I think we have to fight, fight, fight, as you said. Um, we can't be complacent for the next three months if we wish to save America, can we, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Well, it's, uh, very interesting. First of all, you know, we, we ran now where this is our third time, and, and we did great the first two times. We did much better the second time than we did the first. Uh, the first, we won and the second they said we didn't win, but we did much better getting millions and millions more votes.

Donald Trump: And this time, it's -- there's an enthusiasm that I've never -- And I mean, look, we had -- in 2016 and 2020, we had unbelievable enthusiasm. But this is blowing it away. I've never seen anything like it. Look at the crowds, look at the crowd at Butler, look at what's going on. I mean, what a sad day it turned out to be. But, but maybe it reveals something, I don't know.

Donald Trump: Maybe there's some -- something good for the sake Corey and, and the two wonderful people that I've gotten to know through the families, I've gotten to know them. And probably others that, you know, they had to suffer so horrible, and hopefully something comes out of it, whether it's better security, or, or whatever.

Donald Trump: But something has to come out of an event like that. That was a big-time bad event, big time.

Sebastian Gorka: Well, it's incredible, uh, you, you were almost murdered. Uh, then you went to the convention, then you went to Grand Rapids, and you're off to the Carolinas, President. It seems as if you're fearless.

Donald Trump: Well, you have to do it, you know. We make America great again, it's bigger than me. That's a movement that's the biggest in the history of our country, and it's, it's bigger than me. I started it, but it's, uh, it's bigger than me, it's more important than me 'cause we're not gonna have a country left. We're a failing nation right now.

Donald Trump: We're laughed at all over the world because we have no leader. We have a leader who is a stupid man, and we have no leader. We're laughed at all over the world. All over the world, w- they're laughing at us. Our own country's laughing at us. And it's very sad what's, uh, what's happening. And we're gonna turn it around and we're gonna make America great again.

Donald Trump: It's, uh, not -- it's a, it's a -- we're a party based on common sense more than anything else, common sense. We want borders, we want good education, we want low taxes. And we don't wanna be mandated to buy an electric car. We wanna buy electric cars, baby, but if you wanna buy something else, you buy something else.

Donald Trump: We don't wanna be mandated to buy electric which is made in China mostly, and which is, as you know, is, uh, very expensive and doesn't go far.

Sebastian Gorka: Yeah.

Donald Trump: So we, we -- there's a great place for it, but, you know, it's not gonna be 100% and nobody, nobody should force that. So, so may different things. And men playing in women sports, who would want that? So we're gonna turn it around and we're gonna turn it around fast.

Sebastian Gorka: Well, may, um, God continue to protect you and your family, everyone who comes to your rallies, or yeah, rallies and help save our republic. I wanna say thank you to Jason, Eliza, Margo, the whole team that made it possible for you to join us tonight. God bless you, sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.