Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-sean-hannity-fox-news-june-5-2024

Sean Hannity: We just have breaking news, as I mentioned in my open tonight, and I want to get your reaction to the fact that the appeals court has now stopped your Georgia case, election case, while appeal on Willis' disqualification is pending. This is on the heels of Florida Judge Aileen Cannon looking into whether or not the prosecutor, Jack Smith, the special prosecutor, was appointed in an inappropriate way, which would render the case and the indictments out completely.

Sean Hannity: That is -- that is going to take place in fairly short order. A lot can change in a couple of days, with only 152 days out of an election.

Donald Trump: And what, we call him deranged Jack Smith because you look at his career, he's been overturned by the Supreme Court unanimously. So, many other things. He goes too far.

Sean Hannity: Let me ask you this. You had said something during the trial in New York. Mother Teresa couldn't beat these charges.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Sean Hannity: It was one thing that you said, and you turned out to be right. And secondly, you -- you were asked about the possibility that Judge Merchan might send you to jail. You said something that really kind of got my attention. What did you say? That it didn't faze you in the sense that if that's what it takes.

Sean Hannity: You don't have to be doing this. You could be playing golf every day and you probably wouldn't be charged with anything.

Donald Trump: Well, I think I say it about almost all of these cases that are brought against me. They are doing it for the purposes of hurting a political opponent of Biden and trying to get him to win, and he's the worst president in the history of our country. But in the case that you're talking about, I said very strongly that I'm very proud to fight for our Constitution, and if that's what it takes.

Donald Trump: Everybody said this is such a minor thing. You don't go to jail for this, all of them. But you don't understand what we're dealing against, Sean. We're dealing against this system that is so corrupt. Nobody's ever seen anything like it. I did nothing wrong in any of these things. I did nothing wrong. We did nothing wrong at all.

Donald Trump: And whether you look at the analysts, whether it's Gregg Jarrett or Andy McCarthy or Jonathan Turley or your friend, the great one, Mark Levin, Dershowitz, all of them --

Sean Hannity: Judge Jeanine.

Donald Trump: They said there's no case here. Judge Jeanine was so incredible two weeks ago. She was unbelievable. Angry. She was angry. And you know why they were angry? Because they love our country and they see what's happening. It's totally unconstitutional, what they've done. And if you look at the statements made by the people I just mentioned, and I'm not friends with any.

Donald Trump: I mean, I think they respect what I've done. They might respect me. They might not respect me. But they said there's no case. It shouldn't have been brought. And the way the judge charged the jury, told the jury, gave jury instructions, nobody's ever heard anything like that.

Sean Hannity: It was basically, when you break it down, a records-keeping issue on a misdemeanor whose statute of limitations had run out that they upcharged into a felony on a federal election, and that raises another issue of appeal. What will be your appeal?

Donald Trump: And by the way, when you say records keeping, you know, what the recordkeeping was? They charged an election -- if you look a lawyer's fee, a legal fee, and you call it a legal expense. It's known. You call a legal fee a legal expense. The bookkeeper, who I'd never spoke to, correctly wrote a legal expense for a lawyer that was paid.

Sean Hannity: We have a similar case. Hillary Clinton funneled money to a law firm, and that law firm hired an op research firm. And that op research firm hired a guy by Christopher Steele. That became the basis of what I described as the dirty Russian misinformation dossier that became the basis of not one, but four FISA applications.

Sean Hannity: And it all turned out not to be true. So, in that case, well, nobody was charged. Nobody was charged with top secret classified information there. Her home wasn't raided on her server. Deleted subpoenaed emails, 30,000 of them. We didn't hear of BleachBit. Then you have all the people that signed off on those warrants.

Sean Hannity: Nothing happens to them. Joe Biden, four locations, top secret documents. Nobody raided his house. That, I guess, we have come -- we've added a new word to our lexicon, and that is lawfare.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Sean Hannity: Or weaponization of justice.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Sean Hannity: My question to you is -- and people are saying, actually, because of an interview we did together, you said, "I would be a dictator for the day and just to secure the border and drill for oil." I thought it was tongue-in-cheek. I was sitting there with you. However, my question is a very serious one. You know, people are claiming you want retribution.

Sean Hannity: People are claiming you want what has happened to you done to Democrats. Would you do that ever?

Donald Trump: Look, what's happened to me has never happened in this country before, and it has to stop because --

Sean Hannity: Wait a minute. I want to hear that again. It has to stop.

Donald Trump: Well, it does have to stop because we're not going to have a country --

Sean Hannity: If you're elected, what does that mean? Define that.

Donald Trump: Look, what I've gone through, nobody's ever gone through. I'm a very legitimate person. I built a great business. Everything's been -- I have been under siege. Nobody's ever seen anything like this in this country. Now, in other countries, in other third-world countries or banana republics, as they say, a banana republic, we've become a banana republic.

Donald Trump: At the border, we've become a banana republic. With so many other elements of our country, we become a banana republic. You take a look at what's happening with inflation. That's a banana republic inflation, what we have. I think it could be as high as 50% if you add everything in, when you start adding energy prices in, when you start adding interest rates, which have gone from 2% to 9% and 10%.

Sean Hannity: I want to get to all of that. Focus on those that want people to believe that you want retribution, that you will use the system of justice to go after your political enemies.

Donald Trump: So, number one, they're wrong. It has to stop because, otherwise, we're not going to have a country. Look, when this election is over, based on what they've done, I would have every right to go after them. And it's easy because it's Joe Biden and you see all the criminality, all of the money that's going into the family and him, all of this money from China, from Russia, from Ukraine.

Donald Trump: During one of the interviews, I said, "What about the $3.5 million paid to the Biden family from the mayor of Moscow's wife? What about that?" And Chris Wallace defended him, said, "You can't ask that question." Well, then it turned out to be a big deal long after that debate. That was one of the debates, and it turned out to be a big deal.

Donald Trump: And Chris Wallace said we can't go there because we don't know that it's true. It turned out to be true. Millions and millions of dollars. Now, if we're going to do that --

Sean Hannity: By the way, he had dinner with her at the Cafe Milano.

Donald Trump: Correct.

Sean Hannity: And he said to America he never once talked to his son, brother, or anybody about their foreign business deal.

Donald Trump: Well, he said it, and then you found out it was absolutely untrue. Everything he says is untrue. There's never been a president like this. Look, he is a horrible president. He's destroying our country at the border. He's allowing millions of people to come in from prisons and jails, from mental institutions and insane asylums, which is a step above -- a big step above a mental institution.

Donald Trump: He's allowing terrorists to flood into our country. And the numbers are probably 16 million, 17 million, or 18 million people. You're going to have over 20 million people, I think, I believe, and a lot of other people do, too, by the time he hopefully gets out. November 5th, Election Day will be the most -- and by the way, it starts on September 22nd. It starts earlier because of early voting.

Donald Trump: But November 5th will go down as the most important election in the history of our country. It's going to be the most important day and period in the history of our country.

Sean Hannity: Will you pledge to restore equal justice, equal application of our laws, end this practice of weaponization? Is that a promise you're going to make?

Donald Trump: Well, you have to do it. But it's awful. Look, I know you want me to say something so --

Sean Hannity: No, I don't want you to say. I'm asking.

Donald Trump: But I don't want to look naive.

Sean Hannity: I don't want to --

Donald Trump: What they've done to the Republican Party, they want to arrest on no crime. They want to arrest the person that won the nomination in a landslide. There was nobody even close, in a landslide. The person that got millions of votes, more votes than any other sitting president in history, in the last election.

Donald Trump: The person that won an election that he wasn't expected to win, against Hillary Clinton in 2016. They want to arrest that person on no crime. They want to arrest. There was no crime. There was no criminality. There was no crime. And you can go back to all of these legal scholars. They can't believe what's happening.

Donald Trump: Some of them don't even like me and they're saying this is a very, very dangerous thing that's happening. No, we can't let this happen. And I will do everything in my power not to let. But there's tremendous criminality here. What they're doing to me, if it's going to continue, we're really not going to have much of a country left.

Donald Trump: It's really -- it is weaponization. You call it lawfare, you call it -- some people call it just warfare, but it is weaponization of the election. And we're talking about, I think, the most important election in the history of our country. This will go down, I believe, as the most important election in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: We can't have this stuff go on. Because you know what? When Biden goes out, everyone says bye bye, and then he gets indicted two days later and they go after him. The country doesn't want that. And you know what? They didn't want it with Hillary Clinton either. I thought it was terrible. You know, I'd make a speech everywhere.

Donald Trump: I'd say, lock her up, lock her up, lock her up. And I was at a UFC fight the other night with Dana White, who's fantastic.

Sean Hannity: You got a terrible reception.

Donald Trump: Yeah [Inaudible]

Sean Hannity: I did. Well, I'm kidding.

Donald Trump: You better tell them --

Sean Hannity: I'm kidding. I'm not telling Dana that [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: People don't understand sometimes sarcasm.

Sean Hannity: No, we played it.

Donald Trump: It was unbelievable.

Sean Hannity: It was pretty overwhelming.

Donald Trump: It was 25,000 people, whatever they had going. Absolutely. No one's [Inaudible]

Sean Hannity: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: But you know what? What I watched and it was very -- some of the fighters, two in particular, hated their opponent. And this went on for months. The fight, you know, was broadcast out and they announced the fight and they -- the hatred was real. It was the real deal. These people have -- they have a lot of hatred, and they hated.

Donald Trump: And then the fight ended and they're hugging and kissing in the ring. They're down sitting on the -- they're hugging and kissing. It's like nothing happened. Happened on two fights. There were tremendous animosity between the two fighters and the other two fighters. And at the end, that's what happened. And in a certain way, after we won against Hillary, people accept -- you know, we'd say lock her up, lock her up. And I said, "Wouldn't it be terrible if I locked up the wife of the president of the United States, former, and locked up the former secretary of state?" It's a terrible thing.

Donald Trump: You know, you're starting off. You want to bring the country together. I want to bring the country together. And success does bring the country together because we had the most successful economy in the history of our country just prior to COVID. And even at the end, I got it back. It was an amazing thing.

Donald Trump: But we had the most successful economy in history. And I was getting calls from radical left people wanting to meet. And I'm telling you, success, African American, Asian American, Hispanic American, women, men, people with diplomas, people without diplomas, people that went to MIT, Harvard, and Wharton, people that didn't get out of high school.

Donald Trump: The most successful economy we've ever had. And people that I would say, you call them on the radical left, call it whatever you want, liberal people, progressive people, they were all calling and they were saying, "Let's get together. This is amazing." Nobody -- no -- every single group, nobody has ever done better than during that period of time in my administration during that period, and they wanted to get together.

Donald Trump: And it would have happened. We would have happened. It was really something -- I'm not sure I would have been able to say to you that there was a way to unify. Success will unify. And I think we're going to have a tremendous success. We have to bring it back fast because this country is -- we're a failing nation.

Donald Trump: We are really a failing nation right now. We're being laughed at all over the world.

Sean Hannity: Let me ask you, are you following it all, the Hunter Biden trial?

Donald Trump: I am.

Sean Hannity: OK. Let me ask you about two aspects of it. There's the legal aspect of it. OK. Case seems pretty overwhelming on the gun charge in this case, in my opinion. He has -- he does not quite have this hostile venue in Delaware, as you had --

Donald Trump: No, he's got a very friendly venue. I had the most hostile venue you could have. We asked for a venue change and we asked for a judge change.

Sean Hannity: Yeah. None of which happened.

Donald Trump: And they wouldn't do it.

Sean Hannity: OK. So -- however, there's another aspect of it, and it's something that if you look at like, for example, the fentanyl flowing into this country that is killing our children --

Donald Trump: Yup.

Sean Hannity: In massive numbers.

Donald Trump: Yup.

Sean Hannity: And opioids killing our children in massive numbers, there is this issue that is very real, and I guarantee you, there's not a person that's watching this show that doesn't know somebody, family member, friend, neighbor that hasn't had to deal with addiction. You've had to deal with it in your life. You don't drink.

Donald Trump: No.

Sean Hannity: Never have.

Donald Trump: No. Never had a drink. I had a brother who suffered tremendously from alcoholism and alcohol, and it was a terrible thing to watch. He was an incredible guy with the best personality. He was the best-looking person you've ever seen. Everything was perfect. But he had an addiction. And so, I understand addiction because I -- you know, I was very close -- he was very close to me. He was an incredible guy, but he suffered a -- and I've had many friends.

Donald Trump: But my brother suffered tremendously from this addiction. In fact, he was older than me. And he'd go out and say, "Never drink. Never, ever drink." Now, in those days, drugs were not prevalent. You know, you didn't have that. But he'd say, "Never, ever drink." He knew exactly what he was saying. I used to say, "Why does he always said --" But I never had a drink.

Donald Trump: I was, you know, I -- I'm not bragging about it. I know one thing about addiction because a lot of people say, "What do you tell children?" I say, "If you don't have a drink, you're never going to have a problem. If you do have a drink, you have a good chance that you'll be addicted." Or drugs because now it's drugs are probably equal to or greater.

Donald Trump: I mean, that's --

Sean Hannity: They're dying.

Donald Trump: What's so bad. And they're dying from the -- from a drug the size of a pinhead, a little bit of fentanyl. Literally what could fit on the end of a pin can kill 10 people. It's crazy and so dangerous out there. And so many are dying where they think they're getting something and going to have a little fun on a Friday night, and all of a sudden, they're dead because of the power of what's happening.

Donald Trump: And the sad thing is that I had an agreement with President Xi of China. I said, "Listen, you're killing our people." It's going through Mexico, and Mexico is paying a big price also from me. It's going through Mexico, coming through -- most of it -- it's 95% coming through the southern border. I built 571 miles of wall.

Donald Trump: What we -- and I had the Mexican army protecting us. I said, "You're either going to protect us or I'm going to charge you big tariffs." And got along very well with the president of Mexico. They gave us tremendous protection during the time. We had the best level of numbers. Nobody's ever had numbers like the best we've ever had in terms of illegal immigration.

Donald Trump: In fact, my last week in office, we had less people coming into our country than at any time before. But importantly, we also had -- drugs were down 19%, 20%. And that's not enough. And by the way, you'll never really solve the drug problem unless you do what other countries do, and that's the death penalty for drug dealers.

Donald Trump: If you have the death -- a drug dealer, on average, will kill, during that person's life, 500 people, unless you have a death penalty, unless there's a -- something that they're -- right now, they don't even get charged with anything. If you don't institute the death penalty for drug dealers, you'll never solve that problem.

Donald Trump: You'll get it down to a number that -- like I got it down -- actually, at one point, it was 22% down. That was a great thing. But you'll never solve the problem. We set up committees. We set up all of this. The cartels are -- are run by very smart, very vicious people. They're pouring drugs into our country.

Donald Trump: Now, the number coming in now compared to four years ago is 12 times higher, drugs. So, it's not only people. It's not only human trafficking. It's drugs. The drugs are pouring into our country totally unchecked.

Sean Hannity: Back to Hunter. So, you have sympathy for addiction, OK? I think most Americans do. OK. That's not what the trial is about. And I think there are bigger issues involving the Biden family. We discussed -- we touched on it earlier, and that is, OK, how does somebody with no experience get paid millions of dollars, goes on Good Morning America, no experience oil, energy, gas, Ukraine, millions of dollars.

Sean Hannity: Then, of course, vice president at the time, Joe Biden, leverages a billion tax dollars to get a prosecutor investigating the companies and business with his sons in business with fired within six hours using a billion of our dollars.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Sean Hannity: There are other --

Donald Trump: And you have statute of limitations.

Sean Hannity: There are real legal issues.

Donald Trump: Excuse me. The really big stuff and their trial is -- look, I feel very badly for them in terms of the addiction part of what they have right now because I understand the addiction world. And I've also, not only a brother, I've lost a lot of friends to addiction, drugs, alcohol, and there are other addictions also, frankly.

Donald Trump: It would be nice if people would do certain things and live certain ways, but you're not able to -- they're just not able to break it. I've had -- I've had friends that are so strong -- my brother was a strong person. I've had friends that were so strong, so powerful, they couldn't stay away from a glass of alcohol.

Donald Trump: They couldn't stay away from a drug. They had to have a drug. But, you know, the way that you solve the problem, don't have them. If you don't have a taste for alcohol -- I remember when I was going to school, college, I had a friend. He hated the taste of Scotch, hated it. It was like -- but he wanted to develop it because socially, he thought it was a good thing.

Donald Trump: You know, he'd sit down with the bankers, and you know all of the -- the Wharton School of Finance, they want to have dinners with bankers, right? That's a big thing. And they wanted -- he developed a taste for Scotch. And by the time he finished, he ended up being a very bad alcoholic. He's -- I mean, 20, 25 years later, he ended up being an alcoholic, and he couldn't stay away.

Donald Trump: I say the way you stay away, just don't drink. Just don't have it. If you don't have drugs, if you don't experience early on, you're not going to have a need for it. You're not going to have an addiction. If you don't drink alcohol, you're not going to have an addiction. You're not going to have this -- this insatiable urge to have a drink.

Donald Trump: And I say that to people, with your children. They ask me, "What do you think? In children, what do you tell them?" I say, "No drugs. No alcohol." I also say, "No cigarettes. Don't have the cigarettes." Don't have cigarettes. Don't have them. I have friends, they can't stop smoking. If they never had a cigarette before, they'd have no problem.

Donald Trump: When I look at a friend that can't stop smoking, I don't understand why it's hard to stop. You know, the smoke all over the place. The fact is, if you never had a cigarette, I never had a cigarette, I have no urge to smoke. But if you are, you get addicted. It has something and you just can't stop.

Sean Hannity: There's two issues we're going to talk about. One is what I think the Democrats are going to run on and one I think on what the issues you will be running on. Democrats, democracy in peril, January 6th, abortion, abortion, abortion, all of these issues. And then, of course, we have this -- with 153 days out of the election yesterday, Joe Biden, who'd been telling America that the border is closed and the border is secure for over three years, and his vice president said it and his spokespeople had said it, and his Department of Homeland Security secretary said it. Then all of a sudden, they wanted to blame Republicans.

Sean Hannity: I don't have the power. Meanwhile, they did undo all of your policies with the stroke of a pen. Now, finally, yesterday, he implemented a new policy. However --

Donald Trump: It's meaningless.

Sean Hannity: Two million illegals a year.

Donald Trump: Millions of people are allowed to come in. It's meaningless. It's a joke. Everybody knows it. It has nothing to do with border security. And he didn't need anything from Congress. All he has to do is shut the border. You say shut the border, sign an order, and the border will close. I did it. We had the best border, the safest border in history.

Donald Trump: But your question is a large question because you're asking about a lot of things. Take abortion. For 52 years, people wanted to get rid of Roe v. Wade, and the people that wanted to do it were legal scholars, lawyers, politicians. Everybody wanted it to go back into the state system, not the federal system.

Sean Hannity: Let the states decide.

Donald Trump: Let the states decide. The people decide. Let the states decide. For 52 years, they fought it. I was able to get it done with the appointment of great justices, three great justices, plus others that joined them, as you know. And we don't have to go into all the names, but they're great. And they -- they had the courage to end Roe v. Wade, which really meant, from a legal standpoint, it now goes back to the states.

Donald Trump: And now, the states are deciding. And by the way, in many cases, like Ohio, it became -- if you want to use the word liberal or progressive, it was more liberal or progressive than people would have thought. But the people of Ohio decided. The people of Kansas decided. The people are now deciding, and it's taken it off the shoulders of the federal government.

Donald Trump: Always, they wanted it to be decided by the states, and Roe v. Wade didn't do that. It put it into the federal government. So, now, states are voting on it. And in many cases, it's -- it's more progressive, or I like the term liberal. You know, they want to get away from the word liberal, I guess. But it's -- it's more liberal in many cases.

Donald Trump: Not in all cases. In some cases, they're going the other direction. But the people are deciding. And in many ways, it's a beautiful thing to watch. So, they wanted to, for 52 years, move it back to the States. That's why they wanted to fight Roe v. Wade. Then about 10 or 12 years ago, it started getting more complex.

Donald Trump: They were talking about lots of different things. But remember this. The radicals, in many ways, are the Democrats on this issue because they want to have abortion be OK in the eighth month and the ninth month and even after birth.

Sean Hannity: You're talking about -- by the way, when you say that, you're talking about former Governor Northam --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Sean Hannity: Who said the baby will be born and the -- in that case, the baby will be born, the baby will be made comfortable, then the doctor and the baby will talk about it. I had Gavin Newsom debating Ron DeSantis on this very show.

Donald Trump: Right. I watched.

Sean Hannity: And it took a long time to get Gavin to answer, will you support any restrictions in months seven, eight, or nine? And he, at one point, got annoyed because I kept going in for an answer. And the answer came back. He goes that is a decision between a doctor and a patient and their conscience. That's it. That means, to me, no restrictions.

Sean Hannity: I think the country probably is around where Dobbs is, but the states will decide it, as you point out, because I do think it hurt the Republicans in '22.

Donald Trump: It did, but I think the Republicans didn't know how to talk about the issue. And when it came to things having to do with abortion, instead of saying the states will decide, the states will decide, it really -- it really hurt the Republicans. They didn't know how to talk about the issue. And now, I think they're learning how to talk about it. And all they're going to do is say -- and they can campaign one way or the other within the state.

Donald Trump: The states are all deciding right now, and I think it's working the way that people wanted it to work. And it's going to bring the country together on an issue that was very, very bad. But you mentioned when you -- about Gavin, I call him Gavin Newscum because he's done a terrible job as governor.

Sean Hannity: He's a friend of yours?

Donald Trump: Yeah, another name.

Sean Hannity: By the way, $70 billion budget deficit.

Donald Trump: No, no, he's done a terrible job in California. One of the most beautiful places environmentally, from a weather standpoint, the ocean, the whole thing. I have things in California. It's so beautiful. But the regulation in California is just incredible, what they've done to that state. I mean, it's just horrible.

Donald Trump: And now, people are moving out, as opposed to moving in. That never happened there. But, you know, when you talk about the abortion -- because it's an important thing to talk about, and a lot of people are afraid to talk about it, and a lot of politicians are destroyed talking about it. But like the exceptions, I like the three exceptions.

Donald Trump: And you have the three exceptions.

Sean Hannity: Rape, incest, mother's life.

Donald Trump: Correct. And you have the three exceptions. And I think people, they have to follow their heart. They have to, you know, do what's right and what's right before their god, if they're religious people, but they have to follow their heart. And I happen to believe like Ronald Reagan. Ronald Reagan was very strong on the three exceptions.

Donald Trump: And I think you should do that. At the same time, you have to follow your heart. But what's happening is everybody agrees, pretty much, that in the eighth, ninth, and beyond -- I mean, beyond is -- is really an execution. We're not even talking about the word abortion. We're talking about an execution.

Sean Hannity: Infanticide.

Donald Trump: And the -- the former governor, not the current governor. He's doing a very good job, by the way. He's doing a very -- Youngkin, doing a very good job. But the former governor before him said, "You lay the baby down and you decide with the mother what to do." The baby's born. That's an execution. I think everybody knows that in the eighth month and the ninth month and -- and beyond that -- I mean, it's hard to believe they have some states passing legislation where you can execute the baby after birth.

Donald Trump: It's -- it's crazy. It's like so many other things. Open borders, crazy. Men playing in women's sports, crazy. So, I think the Republican Party has done an amazing job in certain ways, but they've never understood how to talk about -- and I agree with you. It's hurt the Republican Party. It's hurt some people.

Donald Trump: Exceptions is very important. I believe that. But what we did is we took Roe v. Wade out of the federal government and put it in the states. And now, the people are deciding. And in some cases, not everybody's happy, but the people are deciding. And I say let the states decide. This is -- every legal scholar wanted this to be where abortion should be. And, you know, I've been following the issue very closely.

Donald Trump: But over the years, I've followed it less closely. But I always noticed that they always wanted to move it back to the states. Everybody. And I was able to do that, and it's all happening, and it's happening correctly. And I wish that Republicans could talk about it correctly. And if they would, you'd see it's a very different issue.

Donald Trump: And remember, they're not really the radical ones. The radical ones are the ones that --

Sean Hannity: No exceptions.

Donald Trump: Eighth month, ninth month, after birth, you can execute the baby. Those are the radicals, and those are the liberals and the progressives, and nobody wants to see that.

Sean Hannity: Let me ask you this. Wall Street Journal, big article, Democrats are worried. You keep reading, Democrats are in a state of panic, Democrats are in a state of panic. And now, it's something that we have covered at length on this program, and that is Joe Biden's cognitive decline. Now, Democrats are saying it, and they're saying it out loud.

Sean Hannity: And let me play you a clip of Joe and get your reaction to it. And then I'm going to but it together with a different show. I called them the night after a State of the Union address jacked up Joe. Maybe he had a lot of Red Bull or Monster Energy drinks.

Donald Trump: Or something.

Sean Hannity: Or something. Take a look.

Note: [Begin video clip]

Joe Biden: [Video clip] I've been a senator since I was 29 years old. Never left the government. In the fall, he had died that fall. He decided to -- look, I shouldn't get into this problem. Never forget, America is the strongest when we lead not only by our example of our power but by the power of our example. You can clap for that.

Joe Biden: As President Lincoln said -- Well, we'll never forget lying around and him [Inaudible] us, him -- him lying around, actually. They're trying to erase Black history. We're going to write Black history because it's an American history. On memorial day, I proudly stood with a Black man. Just checking it's afternoon.

Joe Biden: Good afternoon. Will not bring Israel and will not bring down -- bogged down -- will only bog down Israel and Gaza.

Question: What's your response to that, sir?

Joe Biden: Is Steny here? Where is Steny Hoyer? Steny Hoyer --

Jill Biden: I hear him in the back. He's drinking -- he's over by the beer.

Joe Biden: Yeah. Well, Steny Hoyer lives in the western shore of Delaware, in Maryland. The thing about -- I'm just -- let me put it this way. I remember when I was vice president and things weren't going too well. I inherited an economy that is on the brink. Now, our economy is literally the envy of the world. Too many corporations raised prices to pad their profits, charging more and more for less and less.

Joe Biden: That's why we're cracking down on corporations that engage in price gouging and deceptive pricing. Wall Street didn't build America. They're not bad guys. They didn't build it, though. The middle class built the country, and unions built the middle class. Wages keep going up. Inflation keeps coming down.

Joe Biden: Inflation has dropped from 9% to 3%, the lowest in the world and tending lower.

Note: [End video clip]

Sean Hannity: So, most days, you see Joe struggling. Now, Democrats are saying it. But State of the Union, we saw a very different, in my view, Joe. Maybe -- maybe just Red Bull. I don't know. I'm not going to make any allegations, but it certainly was not the normal Biden. How significant an issue is this?

Donald Trump: Look, we are --

Sean Hannity: Because I don't think he could sit here and have this conversation.

Donald Trump: Right. We're at the most dangerous point in the history of our country because of the power of weaponry, nuclear weapons, in particular. Weapons that are so powerful that -- and I've seen the effects. And I had an uncle, a great professor at MIT for many years. We used to talk about nuclear a lot. He understood nuclear very well.

Donald Trump: And even then, that was many years ago, my father's brother, Dr. John Trump, and I think he was the longest-serving professor in the history of MIT. I think 41 years. Very smart. We used to talk about nuclear, and he used to talk about the power of nuclear. And I'd say, Uncle John, you're not -- where a briefcase, the size of a regular briefcase would -- would do damage to the -- I don't even want to discuss.

Donald Trump: And we're a long way from that in terms of the advancement of that technology. And it's very bad, very scary. And I will tell you, we have a chance of going into World War III because of our leader. So, I don't want to get into what state he's in. You know, it's -- it's -- in one way, it's not something for me to talk about.

Donald Trump: I can tell you this. President Xi of China, Putin, Kim Jong Un, all of these leaders are at the top of their game. Mentally, they're at the top of their game, and they're dealing with somebody that's not at the top of their game -- his game. And honestly, he never was. He was never the brightest bulb. And everybody understands that.

Donald Trump: Everybody knows that. You look at his foreign policy over the years, it was always wrong. You look at all of the things. You look at his crime bill in the 1990s, how -- how horrible that was to certain groups of people. He was never great at what he did. He did it because he was hale and hearty and well-met.

Donald Trump: And I have a real problem. I love this country. I don't want to see this country get into a nuclear war and be so badly damaged. What we say won't matter. This won't matter. This place won't matter. Nothing will matter because practically nothing's going to be here anymore. The level of power -- the level of -- of power with the weapons and the weaponry, that's real weaponry.

Donald Trump: That's worse than the weaponry that we were talking about a little while ago. This is the ultimate -- this is obliteration. Maybe world obliteration. And we have a man that is not capable of even discussing it. He talked the other night about that nuclear doesn't matter so much. What matters is, think of this, global warming.

Donald Trump: The only global warming that matters to me is nuclear global warming because that's the real deal. He said it's an existential threat. He loves the words existential threat, that global warming is an existential threat. And he doesn't know why. What is it? It's weather. And I'm all for that. You know what?

Donald Trump: I'm -- in a certain way and a very powerful way, I'm an environmentalist. I'm -- I'm all -- I want clean air. I want clean water. But this is not the existential threat. Tomorrow, we could have a war that will be so devastating that you could never recover from it. Nobody can. The whole world won't be able to recover from it. And he's talking about something in 400 years from now, the -- the oceans will rise by an eighth of an inch.

Donald Trump: Look, we have a man that shouldn't be doing this job. He's not qualified. He's not mentally sharp enough. And I don't believe he was 20 years ago either. You know, they can show me clips. Take a look at the clips of how he did 20 years ago. His level of hatred for me is incredible, but all I'm trying to do is lay out the facts, lay out the facts.

Donald Trump: We have to have somebody that's sharp and strong. And Viktor Orban, who's a very strong kind of a guy, I guess. They call him a strong man. Oh, Trump likes -- I don't like strong men or hate strong men. He's leading a country. He's a strong leader. He's the prime minister of Hungary. He said, "The only way we're going to solve the problems of the world, you got to bring Trump back.

Donald Trump: China was afraid of him. Russia was afraid of him." Look, I ended the Russian pipeline, Nord Stream 2, before I came in. Even you. Nobody ever heard of Nord Stream 2. I said they're building Nord Stream 2. Everyone said, "What is that?" It's the biggest pipeline in the world going to Germany. So, we're protecting Germany, and Germany is paying billions of dollars a month to Russia for energy.

Donald Trump: And I also said it's bad for Germany because if they ever do end up with a war, which they have many times, they'll turn off the juice and Germany doesn't have a chance. That's when I gave Angela Merkel a white flag. Do you remember, I sent over a white flag at a table? She said, "What is it?" "That's the flag of surrender." So, we need a president that's sharp and that's respected.

Donald Trump: And we're closer to World War III. Now, you take a look at what's happened in the last few days. Putin is now talking about nuclear weapons for the first time really. I mean, he's talking about them all the time because Ukraine is now talking about hitting Russia, and Biden doesn't know what the hell to say.

Donald Trump: But all of these things, they're going to end up leading to World War III. I'll get the Ukrainian situation settled and I'll get it settled fast. It would have never happened. The other thing that would have never happened is the October 7th attack of Israel. It would have never happened. And you know what else?

Donald Trump: I'll add something else that wouldn't have happened. Inflation. We have the worst inflation maybe in the history of our country, far worse than they report.

Sean Hannity: It's 1.4%.

Donald Trump: Because when you add interest rates and when you add energy prices. Look at the energy. By the way, gasoline prices are going way up again. When you add all of this in, I think it's the worst inflation we've ever had.

Sean Hannity: Let me stay focused on --

Donald Trump: And our country -- our country has become, Sean, a failing nation.

Sean Hannity: You say declining nation.

Donald Trump: I say declining or failing.

Sean Hannity: So, let me go back to the [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: I say a lot of things about it. But it's -- whatever I say about it, it's real bad that.

Sean Hannity: I want to talk about the -- but let me stay focused for just a second, if I may, on the issue of we have war in Europe, we have war in the Middle East, and we have -- the Iranians, according to reports, even the IAEA, may be very close to nuclear weapons.

Donald Trump: Very close.

Sean Hannity: That should scare everybody because they're crazy enough that I think they would -- they would use them. And precarious situation. More dangerous, I think, than at any point.

Donald Trump: Dangerous time in the history of our country.

Sean Hannity: I would agree. And so, my question to you is if you are elected and you are the next president, the 47th president, how do you begin the process of restoring world order? Now, one other thing. I never thought in my lifetime I would listen to a president of our country, the leader of the free world, you know, literally tell a country that was attacked by radical Islamic terrorists that we'll support your defense, but we won't support you fighting back after the Iranians fired weapons into their country.

Sean Hannity: To me, that was a surrender in the war on terror or trying to lecture Israel. Oh, you can't go to Rafah. You can't do this. OK. Excuse me. How would we act if we lost what would be by population extrapolated out 40,000 Americans in a day?

Donald Trump: So, number one, they have to finish the job. Israel has to finish that job. They have to finish it quickly, strongly, and they have to get back to life again because it's taken too long. They have to finish the job.

Sean Hannity: You're saying go in, win, and finish.

Donald Trump: You got to win. You got to win. The attack on October 7th -- and it's getting more and more demeaned. They're demeaning it. I have people now telling me they don't think the attack ever happened. And take a look, you watch the news reports where people --

Sean Hannity: I have the 50 minutes of video.

Donald Trump: That are protesting -- sure. I know you do, and so do I. But here's the thing. You watch these people on television and they're now -- just like you have Holocaust deniers, also. They say the Holocaust never took -- it's the exact same people. They're saying it never happened. AOC plus 3. You know, Israel was the most powerful lobby in the country 15 years ago.

Donald Trump: Today, between Tlaib and AOC and all of these people, what they're doing, Israel, they don't have the backing that they once had.

Sean Hannity: You'll give it to them.

Donald Trump: Yeah, I have -- I'm good, I'm good, but they don't have the backing. Even Schumer has become like a Palestinian. Chuck Schumer, Jewish, always strong for Israel, he's become like a Palestinian.

Sean Hannity: He called for elections in the middle of a war.

Donald Trump: Yeah. It's -- it's a very bad thing. It's a very sad thing. And it's a very dangerous thing. But if you look, so many people I watch on your show where they're going and interviewing these people that are protesting just recently at Columbia and the different places, they say, "We don't believe October 7th ever happened." And they may believe that, you know.

Donald Trump: They may actually believe that. But they have to get the job done. They have to get in there and they have to get it done.