Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-newsmax-corey-lewandowski-newsmax-june-25-2024

Corey Lewandowski: President Trump. Welcome, sir.

Donald Trump: Well, it's good to be with you, Corey, a man I know well.

Corey Lewandowski: Well, sir, there's been a lot of discussion about this upcoming debate on Thursday night. We've heard how President Biden has been preparing for it. And the real question is, what have you been doing to prepare for the debate?

Donald Trump: I think I've been preparing for it for my whole life, if you want to know the truth. And I'm not sure you can lock yourself into a room for two weeks or one week or two days and really learn what you have to know. And I've been through it. I've been, you know, a popular president. We had some great elections and some amazing, you know, number of votes.

Donald Trump: Nobody got more than we got. And, you know, I know the subject. Now, you know, they may get cute because it's obviously at CNN. And I call it fake news for a long time. We'll see how they do it. I think they have a lot at stake to be fair. I think they have to be fair. But we'll see how we do. I think we'll do very well.

Donald Trump: We've -- we've done well in the past, and I think we'll do very well. I know the subject matter. But I don't think, Corey, you can just lock yourself in a room like some people do and think you're going to come out OK. It doesn't seem to work that way.

Corey Lewandowski: You know, sir, they tried that with Hillary Clinton. It didn't work. You know, we have seen how Joe Biden has not performed well over the long haul. You've made some recommendations that maybe Joe Biden has to have a drug test before this debate. You've made some great remarks, and let me just remind our viewers kind of what you've said and, you know, what your take is on it. Oh, sir, I think you said that Joe might need a shot to stay up for the debate.

Corey Lewandowski: I hear that he's practicing standing for 90 minutes as his debate prep, a little different, I think, than what you're used to at some of the rallies you've participated in recently.

Donald Trump: Well, if I have to practice standing, we have ourselves a big problem. Now, I had heard that, too. He's practicing how to stand or something standing. And now, look. Let's see what happens. I hope everybody does well. I hope we all come out as a nation. But our nation is in trouble. We've never been in trouble like this.

Donald Trump: We've never been so embarrassed as this. And we have to change presidents. He's the worst president in history, and we have to -- we have to get change. When you have millions and millions of people pouring in from other parts of the world, not just South America, all over the world they're coming from -- and they're coming from prisons and mental institutions.

Donald Trump: You have all of this happening, and you have massive numbers of terrorists, this is not going to end well. This is not -- what they've done and what they've unleashed, the Democrats, Biden, whoever's running government for him, because I don't think he's running it, but whoever's running government, what they've done to this country, will never be forgiven.

Corey Lewandowski: Sir, in another bit of news today, a New York judge partially lifted the gag order against you. Many legal scholars have said that it was illegal in the first place. Alan Dershowitz came out and said it was a violation of your First Amendment, and they were trying to stifle your ability. What do you take of this partial lifting of the gag order?

Donald Trump: Well, I think partial is very unfair because there are things we have to say, especially in my case. I'm going into a debate, and I'm going to have to talk about a gag order. What does partial mean? It's not fair. It's not fair. We've had a gag order long after the trial. The trial was ridiculous. Every legal scholar said it should have never been brought.

Donald Trump: The whole thing is ridiculous. And now, they lift just a piece of the gag order, not all of it. No, the gag order has to be lifted in its entirety.

Corey Lewandowski: Sir, on another major topic and everyone's talking about it, the rumor now may be that you could be announcing your vice presidential selection before the debate. It has been whittled down. The reports say you're down to two or three individuals. You said you know who that individual is going to be, and they're going to be in Atlanta.

Corey Lewandowski: Tell us more about how the process has played out, sir, and what you think that person is going to help bring to the table.

Donald Trump: Well, I could take any one of these people. They're great. We have a great bench. And even beyond that, we have a great bench. And we'll make a decision fairly soon. And I think people will be very happy with this decision, Corey.

Corey Lewandowski: I -- I think that's right, sir. You know, it's interesting because I'm sure you've seen the Commission on Presidential Debates has canceled their four scheduled debates because you've backed out of them. And, you know, they were such an unmitigated disaster. Now that you are in control, you'll have the opportunity to have the earliest presidential debate that this country has ever seen.

Corey Lewandowski: And really, you know, sir, I think there's a lot of pressure on Joe Biden on this debate. I think there are many in his party that want to see him off of the ticket because they're afraid of what the outcome could be come November the 5th.

Donald Trump: Well, they should be afraid. I mean, we're up in every poll. We're leading by a lot. We have criminals pouring into our country. I mean, everything is bad for our country. Nothing is good. He's done nothing good, not one thing. If you said, what has he done well, there's not one thing you could name, not one thing.

Donald Trump: Everything is bad. And so, they should feel very badly. And I will say this. The polls have been amazing. Rasmussen, which is highly respected, just said we're up 10 points, and others also that we're way up. So -- but we have to keep it there. It's an eternity. It seems like five months, and now, it's really less than that because it starts on September 6th. And that would be in North Carolina.

Donald Trump: And then you're talking about Pennsylvania, September 22nd. So, it really is right around the corner, right around the corner. We just cannot allow these people to stay in our -- as our governors because they have done such a bad job. There's never been anything like it. The whole world is laughing at our country.

Corey Lewandowski: So, sir, do you think that RFK will end up on one of the debate stages going forward? Obviously, he's not on the CNN debate. What do you think? Do you think he'll participate in one of them going forward?

Donald Trump: I don't think he has -- but I'd like him to. I wouldn't -- I wouldn't mind. I don't think he has the polling numbers to get there. He's a very liberal guy, and conservatives have to understand how liberal he is. He's as liberal as you get, but I don't think he's got the numbers to do it. He's got to show that -- first of all, he needs 15%. He's not even close.

Donald Trump: I see numbers from 5% to 7%, 8%. He's doing very poorly, actually, and seems to be fading fast.

Corey Lewandowski: Sir, let me change the topics one more time. Look, the issue of illegal immigration continues to devastate our country. Just last week, we've seen more Americans being killed by people crossing the border illegally. We've seen the problems in Texas. You know, under your administration, things were very different.

Corey Lewandowski: If you have the opportunity to serve again as the 47th president of the United States, sir, what is your plan to prevent illegals from continuing to invade our country and kill Americans?

Donald Trump: We close the border. We built 571 miles of wall. We were going to add 200 miles. We had areas that we had to close. We needed to leave them open for access for trucks and other things. But we have areas that we had to close. It would have been all done and completed in literally three weeks. They decided not to do it. Not only that.

Donald Trump: A very expensive-designed wall as per the specs of Border Patrol and ICE. We have to close the border immediately and let people into our country, but they have to come in legally.

Corey Lewandowski: So, sir, is it -- you think this is something you do as an executive order on your first day? We've seen the failures of the Biden administration. He's blaming Congress, saying that it's their fault that we continue to have this mass in-bound migration on both the northern and southern border. How quickly can you get this problem under control?

Donald Trump: Immediately. And he could to. All he has to do is say, close the borders. I did it. I had no problem with that. Now, the funding was hard, but I took it out of the military. I said this is an invasion. So, I got the wall built with -- with funds from the military. I said, literally, this is an invasion of our country, which is what it is. But we lose hundreds of -- think of it. Hundreds of thousands of people are dying at our border, coming through our border every year because of our border.

Donald Trump: And this is an invasion into our country. And that's how I got the money.

Corey Lewandowski: Well, that's great. Sir, let me ask you one last thing, and we'll change our focus to the Middle East. We continue to see Americans being held hostage overseas. It goes to the feckless, weak leadership of this president. If you're the 47th president of the United States, sir, how do you get those American hostages home?

Corey Lewandowski: Our allies no longer respect us. Our enemies no longer fear us. It is a sharp turn of events from where we were just three short years ago.

Donald Trump: So, what you have to do with that is you cannot pay. We gave -- we paid, as you know, twice this year, $6 billion for five and five, five hostages and five hostages. We paid $6 billion. When you do that -- and I paid nothing for the hostages we had, nothing. When you start paying for hostages, a lot of people are going to start disappearing.

Donald Trump: So, you can't do that. No. The big thing is they have to respect us. If they respect us like they did when I was president -- we were totally respected. If they respect us, Corey, we will not be paying anything. I got 58 or 59 people out, and I never paid. You don't have to pay. And once you do pay, all of a sudden, they start making it a business.

Donald Trump: We can't -- you cannot pay for this.

Corey Lewandowski: Sir, would your administration be able to go in and solve this problem which is taking place in the Middle East? We've seen this go on now for too long. We've seen the Biden administration slow-walk weapons to our best ally, Israel, in this -- in the region. You know, we continue to see a lack of leadership from the United States in this crisis.

Corey Lewandowski: And I think that's something that America wants to see resolved very quickly. Could you do that?

Donald Trump: No. They have no leadership. We have no leadership. We're laughed at all over the world. Israel would have never happened. Ukraine being attacked by Russia would have never happened. Inflation would have never happened. That horrible -- the way we got out, not getting out. It was good to get out, but we were going to be out faster than him.

Donald Trump: You know, if the election weren't rigged, we would have been out faster than him. But, Corey, so simple. We're not respected anywhere in the world anymore because of this leadership. We have the worst president in history. We're not respected. Once we're respected, we'll be able to do anything we want.

Corey Lewandowski: Well, that's great, sir. And listen, what do we -- what do we do with Hezbollah, sir? What's the plan? And I know you don't want to give away all the strategy, but I'm sure you've got an idea of the way you would handle that.

Donald Trump: Well, it's Hamas, it's Hezbollah, it's 28 different cells of terror, they call them. And again, Iran was busted. They had no money when I was president. Now, they have a lot of money, $250 billion. So, it's different. But you handle situations as you handle them. You got to be respected. Throughout all the world, you have to be respected.

Donald Trump: I hate to use the word feared, but that's not so bad either. And once we get it going and once we're in power -- and we have to be because we're not going to have a country. If we don't win this election November 5th, if we don't win this election, we won't have a country left, Corey. We're not going to have a country, and you know that better than anybody.

Donald Trump: We are laughed at. They think we're fools. They can't believe that Biden is the president. And we're going to turn that around. We're going to turn it around very fast.

Corey Lewandowski: Well, Mr. President, it's such an honor to have you on tonight. I wish you the very best of luck on Thursday. I'll be with you in Atlanta as you debate Joe Biden and give your message directly to the American people. It's such an honor for us to have you with us this evening.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. A great honor. Thank you.