Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-grady-trimble-fox-business-august-21-2024

Grady Trimble: While you were out on stage, there's reporting that RFK Jr. is going to drop out of the race by the end of this week.

Donald Trump: Wow.

Grady Trimble: Have you spoken to him in the last 24 hours?

Donald Trump: No, I haven't. No. I haven't, but I respect him. I've respected him for a long time. I mean, I know where he's coming from, and it's a little different philosophy. Very smart guy, however, and I had heard he was thinking about it for a period of time. But no, I have not heard this, what you're telling me.

Grady Trimble: He's going to be in Arizona on Friday. Would you have him on stage with you at your rally?

Donald Trump: Well, I think I'm going to be there on Friday. We have a big crowd. I would always be honored to. I mean, if he endorsed me, would I be honored by that? Absolutely.

Grady Trimble: I know that you've said that you'll let Fed Chair Powell stay as Fed chair till the end of his term. But what if he cuts rates before the election?

Donald Trump: Well, if you take a look at the numbers and this 800-and-something-thousand fake jobs that they said existed, which is I think a terrible thing, they did that in order to look like their economy is good. That shows the economy is horrible. That's the biggest number to -- I mean, we checked back a long ways, and there's never been a number like that.

Grady Trimble: Fifteen years, but it also means they're probably going to cut rates next month before election.

Donald Trump: Well, it means they probably have to because you'll end up with a depression perhaps. Who knows? But to hide almost 900,000 jobs and to say they existed -- and they wanted to keep that despite what you talked about with interest rates. They wanted to keep that long after the election. They didn't want it to come by any time during -- you know, before November 5th. So, they really wanted to keep that a secret.

Donald Trump: And somehow, it got out from the Labor board. It came out. It got out somehow, and people are amazed by it. That's a tremendous number. That's a tremendous hit to the economy. But what it shows you is how dishonest these people. They didn't want it to come out before the election. It shows that our country is doing very poorly.

Grady Trimble: How much of the DNC have you been watching?

Donald Trump: Enough to see. I mean, my name is very prominent. I saw in one of your shows, actually, that it's mentioned, I think, 10 times more than any other name, meaning not of a person, of a category like economy and things like that.

Grady Trimble: It's clear that the Obamas, Harris, they're trying to get under your skin with having the event at Fiserv Forum, where you accepted the nomination a month ago. The Obamas keep talking about crowd sizes. Is it working, this attempt to get under your skin?

Donald Trump: Well, we have much bigger crowds than they do. And frankly, I don't -- I didn't hear that, that they're trying to get under my skin. I'm more interested in the country. They get under my skin when the country is going down the tubes. And the country is going down the tubes. She's a radical-left Marxist, some people would say communist.

Donald Trump: That's where she's been all her life. She destroyed San Francisco. She destroyed -- I mean, if you take a look at what's happened to California, it's not just Gavin Newscum, it's -- it's her. What she did as the attorney general of California was earthshaking. She destroyed the state. So, she destroyed California and -- and the state of -- think of it. What she's done -- if you go back and just look at her career, go to San Francisco, take a look at before and after, everything she's touched has turned bad.

Donald Trump: And now, she's going to destroy the United States. We just can't let that happen. She's a Marxist. Her father is a Marxist professor. That's where she comes from. She's the greatest flip-flopper in history. Every single -- she's going to ban fracking in Pennsylvania, but now she says she isn't, but she will 100%. She's going to do all of these things that are going to destroy our country.

Donald Trump: But she's flip-flopped on virtually every single thing she said and lived with for her whole life, long before her political life. So, she's going to go back to them, and our country will be destroyed. Even if she doesn't, our country will be literally destroyed by her ideology.

Grady Trimble: I wanted to ask you about those AI-generated Taylor Swift photos you posted. It's getting a lot of buzz on the Internet. Are you worried you're going to get sued that -- are you worried that Taylor Swift is going to sue you?

Donald Trump: I don't know anything about them other than somebody else generated them. I didn't generate them. Somebody came out. They said, "Oh, look at this." These were all made up by other people. AI is always very dangerous in that way, but these were made up not by us. We didn't make them up. They're made up by other people.

Donald Trump: Maybe they were reposted or something. I don't even know which ones you're talking about, but possibly, something was reposted. We're seeing it all the time. It's happening with me, too. They're making -- they're having me speak. I speak perfectly, I mean, absolutely perfectly on AI. And I'm like endorsing other products and things.

Donald Trump: It's a little bit dangerous out there.

Grady Trimble: Last question on national security, obviously, the theme for the day. Over the past couple of days, I've heard you mention that you feel like we're marching toward World War III if Vice President Harris is elected. What are you going to do differently to prevent that?

Donald Trump: Well, we're going to have respect. We -- they -- they respected me from day one. People say certain reasons why they couldn't figure us out, etc., etc. I rebuilt our military. They've dissipated a lot of our military, giving it away to countries, various countries. And also, if you take a look at the -- I mean, the wars, the way they're spending, they're handing us -- we had ammunition.

Donald Trump: When I first came in, they complained we had no ammunition, and they went public with it, which you shouldn't go public with. I filled up all of our warehouses all over the world with ammunition. We gave it away again. They gave away our ammunition. We have very little left. You know that. You've been reporting on that.

Donald Trump: They're destroying our country. We're going to be respected again as a military and as a country, and it starts from the top. The leader has to be respected. I know all of those people. I know President Xi of China. I know President Putin of Russia. I know Kim Jong Un of North Korea. I know every one of them.

Donald Trump: And they're not going to play games with us.

Grady Trimble: If you'll indulge me with one more. I cover the auto industry. Shawn Fain, UAW president, was out there in Michigan last week and again at the DNC. He said Donald Trump doesn't know "you know what" about the auto industry. Your response?

Donald Trump: Well, I know a lot, and I know a lot about business, but I know a lot about that industry. And they're going to be going to all-electric cars. They're all going to be made in China. There won't be an auto industry left. If she wins this election, there will be no auto industry left. It's all going to be gone.

Donald Trump: If you take a look 50 years ago, 40 years ago, they've lost 50% of their industry. They're going to lose a lot more. They want to make all-electric cars now. It's not going to work. First of all, they don't go far. They're more expensive, and they happen to be made mostly in China. And they have the material to make them.

Donald Trump: We don't. We have a thing called gasoline. We have oil. We have -- under our ground, I call it liquid gold. We have more liquid gold than anybody, including Saudi Arabia, including Russia. And we want to make gasoline-propelled cars. We want to make hybrids. We want to make electric cars also, but not all-electric cars.

Donald Trump: When he agreed to that -- look, I think that most of the United Auto Workers are going to be voting for Trump. I'm going to bring back factories into this country, and they're going to all have great jobs making cars of all types, including electric.

Grady Trimble: All right. Thank you very much for your time.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you very much.

Grady Trimble: Appreciate it, Mr. President.