Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-hugh-hewitt-radio-august-21-2024

Hugh Hewitt: So glad to welcome back former President Donald Trump. Mr. President, I haven't talked to you since the attempt to kill you in Pennsylvania. So I'm very grateful that you're alive. I'm grateful that you're back. Thank you for joining me today. And did it change how you go about campaigning, that someone tried to blow your head off and almost did?

Donald Trump: Well, a little bit. They're going about things a lot differently. There are many, many more people, Secret Service people, and other people, I notice. It's, a lot people now. A lot of people. I think it's much different, actually, than it was. Absolutely.

Hugh Hewitt: Do you think about it much? Did it change you at all?

Donald Trump: I don't want to think about it, because you don't want to change. You have to do what you have to do, whatever it is. It's a dangerous profession. Being president is a dangerous job, I can tell you.

Hugh Hewitt: I know. The Iranians have been trying to kill you for five years.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Hugh Hewitt: Do you think that the lawfare and the rhetoric directed against you contributed to the climate in which you had an unhinged person like the killer in Pennsylvania, he did kill Corey Comperatore and wounded two other people. Do you think the rhetoric directed at you and the lawfare contributes to the climate that created that sort of an attack?

Donald Trump: Well, it could. You know, I was mentioned at the Democrats' little party that they have going on in Chicago, and it's pretty sad. I just heard that many people were shot during that, and five people were killed already in Chicago during this convention. That just came out, that number, which is shocking.

Donald Trump: But they don't talk about that. But I was mentioned, I think, almost 200 times. And they mentioned the economy about five times. They mentioned the border maybe none. They mentioned crime almost none. So I mean, they're out of control. These people are out of control. And they're ruining our nation. Our nation is going to hell.

Donald Trump: And we have millions of people coming haplessly, coming in from all over the world, from parts unknown, from countries people never even heard of. And they're, they're just pouring into our country, and they come in from prisons. They come in from mental institutions, insane asylums, and they're coming in like at numbers that nobody has ever seen before, ever.

Hugh Hewitt: I thought when you and Elon Musk sat down, you made that point. I want to cover inflation, immigration, and Israel, but I want to start with Israel, Mr. President. Do you think President Biden and Secretary Blinken have held Israel back? Are they making Israel basically fight to a draw?

Donald Trump: I think that Israel's being hurt very badly by the Democrats. I think they're making it very hard for the Democrats to win, very, very hard for the Democrats, what they're doing, what they're doing with respect to Israel, what the Democrats are doing, they're making it very hard for Israel to win. If you take a look at the stance, the other side is saying just hold out.

Donald Trump: If they hold out, they know they're going to win, because so much pressure is being put on Israel. Right now, Israel, the pressure that's being put on them by Biden and Schumer, who's frankly, you know, Schumer is, like is he a member of Hamas? Is he a Palestinian? I don't know, how would a Jewish person contribute to Democrats right now?

Donald Trump: They have to finish the job. Israel has to finish the job, get it done, and get it done fast. And they have to do it. They have to get it done fast.

Hugh Hewitt: Now Mr. President, if Iran hit them again --

Donald Trump: There are a lot of people that are saying October 7th, there are a lot of people are saying October 7th never existed, that it never existed. It never took place. That's starting. They used to say the Holocaust never took place.

Hugh Hewitt: I know. There are crazy --

Donald Trump: There's never been a moment like this.

Hugh Hewitt: There are crazy people out there.

Donald Trump: There's never been a moment like this for Jewish people.

Hugh Hewitt: If Iran hits Israel a second time, do you want Israel to hit them back much, much harder than they did the first time, because Biden said take the win? I couldn't believe he said that, but he said take the win. It wasn't a win. A Bedouin girl got injured, and they took 300 missiles. Would you urge Israel to hit back hard?

Donald Trump: They have no choice. Otherwise, this is never going to end. They have no choice. There has to be retribution. And it's going to have to take place. And the worst thing they have going is Biden. Now, he's out at a beach again someplace. Somebody says he looks good in a bathing suit, so spend your time on a beach.

Donald Trump: I mean, you talk about Biden, was that the overthrow of the decade? That was a complete, that was a complete coup.

Hugh Hewitt: It'll be written about for years. We won't know what happened for years. Do you think he's running the country right now?

Donald Trump: We do know. I already know, and so do you know. You know what happened.

Hugh Hewitt: Well, Nancy Pelosi. But do you think he's actually --

Donald Trump: And it all began with the debate.

Hugh Hewitt: Well, you knocked him out. Do you think he's running the country right now?

Donald Trump: Biden? I don't think he knows where he is. But still, what they did, and you know, part of the reason he doesn't, he got very much worse over the last 10 days or so. But part of the reason he doesn't, because I don't think they're allowing him to. They've taken the presidency away from this guy. They've actually taken the presidency away.

Donald Trump: This was a coup. This was the first coup of an American president, or probably of any high official. But this was incredible. I watched them, and I watched his angry speech.

Hugh Hewitt: Do you expect in your debate with --

Donald Trump: You know, he should be angry at them, and he is angry at them. But I watched that angry speech he made --

Hugh Hewitt: When you debate Kamala Harris, will you adopt the same tactics vis-à-vis Kamala Harris? You let, the best line of the first debate was when you said I have no idea what he just said, and probably he doesn't, either. Are you going to let her talk herself into a hole as well?

Donald Trump: Well, everyone's different. You know, when you debate, I did a lot of debates, I mean, from somebody that eight years ago never debate other than life is a big debate, as you know better than most. But no, I would say that it will depend on where we are at the time. You know, she turned down the Fox debate.

Donald Trump: She didn't want to do it.

Hugh Hewitt: Yup.

Donald Trump: She doesn't want to do anymore. She just wants to go to ABC fake news, which is by far the worst. ABC is the worst newscast of any newscast by far. And you know, a lot of people don't know that. You only would know that if you were subject to the things that I'm subject do. ABC, I consider them George --

Hugh Hewitt: Well, the obvious question for her is why did she skip the Netanyahu speech. It was a snub. Do you think she snubbed Netanyahu?

Donald Trump: Oh, it was terrible. Well, she went to a party. She went actually to a party. And you know that. She went to a party, a sorority party or something.

Hugh Hewitt: Yup. The sorority, a sorority party, yeah.

Donald Trump: And a very unimportant one. They have them numerous times during the year. It's a shame. And where, you know, one thing I'd like to know, as you know, in my opinion, she's a Marxist, because if you go back and look at her, what she's done over the years, she's a Marxist. Now she's changed and flip-flopped on just about everything she believe in, in life, but she's a Marxist.

Donald Trump: And where is her father? Her father's a Marxist professor. I don't know if you know that or not.

Hugh Hewitt: I do.

Donald Trump: But he seems to have, he's not around. I'd like to find out where is he. He's a professor. They don't interview the father. I think, I'd like to find out more about her from the father.

Hugh Hewitt: Well, she is a San Francisco radical Democrat.

Donald Trump: Maybe they have a good relationship, maybe they don't.

Hugh Hewitt: Did you ever build anything in San Francisco? I'm not, I know you built in Southern California. Did you ever try and develop anything in San Francisco?

Donald Trump: Well, I owned something in San Francisco.

Hugh Hewitt: Oh, you poor guy.

Donald Trump: I owned something. I own a big chunk of the Bank of America building in San Francisco. So San Francisco used to be the greatest city, maybe, in the world. And that was 15 years ago. 15 years ago, people would say, the great Bob Tisch and others, you know Bob Tisch, he passed away a while ago, but he was everywhere.

Hugh Hewitt: Yes.

Donald Trump: And he would tell me the greatest city is San Francisco. And he'd be looking down now, and he wouldn't be too happy when he sees it. But no, I have holdings in San Francisco. I own a big percentage of the Bank of America building, which I think is one of the greatest --

Hugh Hewitt: Well, that city is upside down. And that is what San Francisco Democrats do. And she is a radical, and I'm glad you are calling her out as being a radical. Will you do that in the debate?

Donald Trump: No, she's a Marxist. She's a Marxist. Maybe, she's worse than that. And she's going to change her stripes, if she got in, you will see a different person. They even have her stopping the laugh. Don't laugh, because that's the laugh of a crazy person. Don't laugh. Never laugh. You notice, she's not laughing anymore.

Donald Trump: But she is a very dangerous person.

Hugh Hewitt: She wanted to ban fracking. She wanted to ban fracking completely. Now, she said she didn't mean it. Do you believe her?

Donald Trump: Of course, she's going to ban fracking. She's going to, all fossil fuel is going to be dead. And that means our country will die very quickly, because our country is propelled by fossil fuel. Without fossil fuel, it doesn't work. Fossil fuel of many different types. And you can go nuclear, too. Nuclear now is amazing.

Donald Trump: It's very safe. You do it in a smaller combination. You hook smaller combinations up. I mean, nuclear is doing well. You know, France is heavy in nuclear. China is doing nuclear now.

Hugh Hewitt: We've got to have it for AI and supercomputing, or we will not stay ahead of the Chinese.

Donald Trump: Well, you're never going to be able to compete.

Hugh Hewitt: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Yeah, you know, it's interesting. AI, and I've learned a lot about AI, they need double the electricity that we have in the whole country. So take all of the electricity capacity that we have right now. You need double that to be dominant in AI. And if we're not going to be dominant, then China's going to be dominant, and that will be a bad day for us, because that's really the new, that's sort of the new oil.

Donald Trump: But we will have, we will not, we are in very bad shape. We have nobody is going to be able to build plants. You know, to get the approval, environmentally, to build a plant, is virtually impossible. With me, they'll have their approvals very quickly. You build electric plants --

Hugh Hewitt: I'll come back to energy in a moment, but I want to stay in Iran.

Donald Trump: Right.

Hugh Hewitt: Iran's been trying to kill you for five years. How will you put them back in the box? And how will you stop them from attacking Israel?

Donald Trump: I want to be able to get along with Iran. I want to get along with China. I want to get along with everybody. I'm not looking to hurt people. I'm looking to make the world a safer place. We had a safe planet when I was president, and I'll tell you want, Viktor Orban, as you know, from Hungary, head of Hungary, the prime minster, and a very strong guy, and a good person, by the way, in so many ways, but he said unless Trump comes back, this whole world is going to blow up. And he saw what I did.

Donald Trump: He saw that when countries got out of line, I was able to hold them in line. And the reason is that I used the economic power of the United States, and other powers of the United States. And I didn't get into any wars. I stopped wars with the telephone. I was able to get on telephone calls and stop wars, at least four wars stopped.

Donald Trump: And you look at all these places all over, and you need somebody that has a certain ability. But I stopped potential wars with telephone calls. By the way, Putin would have never gone into Ukraine, and you know that.

Hugh Hewitt: Yes.

Donald Trump: He would have, and by the way, for four years, he didn't. He didn't go in. He never went in. And you know when I left --

Hugh Hewitt: I can't imagine America under Kamala Harris. I think Xi will walk all over her, Mr. President. Do you agree?

Donald Trump: They'll be laughing at her. They will not even listen to her. And she's going to weaken our military. Our military will be weak. Our economy will be busted. We will be bankrupt as a country. We will be absolutely, you know, I was going to be very shortly totally dominant in oil. We were going to do double and triple what Saudi Arabia, we have more oil, I call it liquid gold, as you know, under our feet than Saudi Arabia or Russia by a lot.

Donald Trump: We had ANWR that I got approved, that everybody wanted that I got approved, nobody else, not even Ronald Reagan, he worked so hard. He wanted to get ANWR more than anybody, and he couldn't get it done. I got it done. In their first week of office, they terminated ANWR in Alaska. It's perhaps the size of Saudi Arabia.

Donald Trump: That's the kind of numbers that we're talking about. It's good for Alaska, but good for this country.

Hugh Hewitt: We've got a lot of oil in Pennsylvania.

Donald Trump: We do.

Hugh Hewitt: I hate to say this, because I'm from the Buckeye State, and we make fun of the Steelers' fans. But you've been in York. You've been in Wilkes-Barre. You're going to go to Erie. You got shot in Butler.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Hugh Hewitt: Pennsylvania is everything in this election, and they need energy. Do they believe Kamala Harris will actually let them produce? Because if they do, you know, we've got some bridge in Brooklyn to sell them.

Donald Trump: Yeah. I don't think they believe it. I don't think they believe it at all. And if they do, they're foolish, because look, she is a Marxist radical left, and I can say this. She's a radical left lunatic. And we can't let this person destroy our country. Her ideology is that of a Marxist, maybe worse than that.

Donald Trump: But if you take a look at what she did, she destroyed San Francisco. She then went on to destroy California. California is not the same place. It's horrible right now.

Hugh Hewitt: Oh, I left. I lived there for 25 years. I left. You don't have to preach to me. I agree with you. I want to ask you about Josh Shapiro.

Donald Trump: No, but she's the one that started it. Wait a minute. Wait, wait, wait.

Hugh Hewitt: She, Josh Shapiro would have made Pennsylvania --

Donald Trump: Are you hearing me?

Hugh Hewitt: Yeah, I am. She started it. She started it in San Franciso, but I want to start about Pennsylvania.

Donald Trump: She started it, and she destroyed it. She destroyed San Francisco. I don't even know if it comes back. You need somebody very strong to have it come back, and she destroyed, absolutely destroyed the state of California.

Hugh Hewitt: All right, let's go --

Donald Trump: What they've done with the environmental laws, with the rules, regulations, and on crime, you can do anything. Unless you're Donald Trump, you don't get in trouble for anything, because she has destroyed the state. She has destroyed the state of California. And before that, she destroyed San Francisco.

Hugh Hewitt: Oh, if you go to Downtown L.A, there are 70,000 people on the street in Los Angeles County, more now.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Hugh Hewitt: Mr. President, I want to go back to Josh Shapiro. They didn't make him vice president. They would have had it. You would have had a hard time winning Pennsylvania if Josh Shapiro was on that ticket. Do you think they didn't put him on because he's Jewish?

Donald Trump: 100%. They didn't put him on because he's Jewish. I think he's highly overrated, too, by the way, but they didn't put him on because he's Jewish. And I just can't believe, when you look at the polls, where I'm probably up to 50%, 40%, 45%, and what I've done for Israel, and what I've done, I have been the best president by far for the Jewish people.

Donald Trump: There's never been anybody like me.

Hugh Hewitt: Interesting. Walter Russell Mead said that last hour, probably the dean of American national security people, said that in the 76-year history of American and Israel relations, you're the best president. Why have they not done anything about antisemitism on campus? And have you heard them say a word about the antisemitism on campus at the DNC?

Donald Trump: The Democrats don't talk about that. They don't talk about the border. All they do is knock me. You know, it's interesting. When they say please, sir, don't be personal, don't be personal, they're very personal. They say whatever they want. And I guess I'm mentioned hundreds of times. They don't mention the border.

Donald Trump: They don't mention the crime. You know, the real crime states are terrible. The FBI did them. And they didn't include New York, they didn't include Chicago, they didn't include many places where the stats are out of control. Think of it, since the DNC opened, which is two days ago, five people killed, and many people injured.

Hugh Hewitt: Oh, Chicago's a brutal place.

Donald Trump: Brutal.

Hugh Hewitt: There were 50 missiles launched at Israel this morning, Mr. President. I want to go back to Israel. What would you do with Gaza? They've won the war, but they've got to find Sinwar. They've got to get their people back. But how would you help rebuild Gaza in your second term?

Donald Trump: Well, when you say Israel won the war, but they have not won the war of public relations, because the world is angry at Israel, because the Democrat party doesn't stick up for Israel, doesn't justify anything having to do with Israel. And so they are not winning the war of public relations, to put it very, very simply.

Donald Trump: And other nations are angry at Israel, because they're just so poorly represented by the Democrats. The Democrats are against, I can't believe it. Chuck Schumer is a Palestinian, as far as I'm concerned. And yet, when it comes to elections, for whatever reason, he'll be supported by Jewish people. He's Jewish, and yet he's totally given up on Israel, as far as I'm concerned.

Donald Trump: It's shocking.

Hugh Hewitt: Well, you had David Friedman as your ambassador, and he was great. You had Mike Pompeo as your Secretary of State. He was great. Jared Kushner was great. Robert O'Brien was great. Are you going to name your national security team before the election, or at least people who will be on it, so that the American people can be assured?

Donald Trump: I think in a sense, they'll know. I mean, they already see certain people that are out there a lot, and they know. But we're going to have great people. You know, one thing is when I went there, I had a lot of things going for me, but I didn't know people from Washington, and I had to rely on people to get names and recommendations.

Donald Trump: And I got a lot of great ones, in all fairness. But I got some that I would have never used had I know. Now, I know. I spent four years. I know people better than anybody in the history of Washington. I know the good, the bad, the dumb, the smart. I know the weak, I know the loyal. The loyal is interesting, because loyal, you never really know until certain times, until certain events happen.

Donald Trump: Loyalty is very interesting. That's something you never really know, but learn about. And that's a little bit of a hit and miss, frankly. A little bit of a hit and miss.

Hugh Hewitt: What do you think this judge is going to do to you -- yeah, what do you think this judge is going to do to you in New York next month, because I'm afraid he's a radical, too.

Donald Trump: Well, first of all, I'm not allowed to talk about it, because you know what? I'm under a gag order.

Hugh Hewitt: Oh, that's right.

Donald Trump: This is a very, this is a very, very conflicted judge, and I'm not allowed to talk, because I'm under a gag order. This is a Democrat judge who was appointed, not elected. He was appointed. I guess that means he's temporary. And he ruled on a case, and he said guilty. He made it, what he did in that case is disgraceful.

Donald Trump: It's a disgrace.

Hugh Hewitt: You're right. Let's stay away from that, because I had forgotten they still have got the gag order. I had forgotten that.

Donald Trump: But I'm not allowed to talk about the, excuse me --

Hugh Hewitt: Let me go back to --

Donald Trump: I'm not allowed to talk about the important parts. But he's a highly-conflicted judge, and people are very angry about it. And there was no crime committed whatsoever. If you take a look at all of your pundits, Jonathan Turley and McCarthy, and Gregg Jarrett and all of them, Mark Levin, everybody said there was absolutely no case.

Donald Trump: He made it a case.

Hugh Hewitt: It will be, you will win on appeal if he doesn't throw it out, but I'm not going to go down that road. Instead, I'm going to ask you about Kamala Harris.

Donald Trump: But remember this. Wait a minute.

Hugh Hewitt: She uses the same line --

Donald Trump: Wait, wait, wait. I don't know, we have a bad line or something, because you seem to talk when I'm talking. But just wait a minute. I'm under a gag order. Think of that. I'm the leading candidate. I'm actually leading it the polls. I'm just seeing right today, I'm leading despite all of the, you know, the horrible things they say.

Donald Trump: Lies, they're all lies. But I'm leading in the polls. I'm the leading candidate for president of the United States, and I have a judge who was appointed in New York city/state, appointed judge, not an elected judge, you have to get elected. He's appointed. And I have a judge who has me under a gag order where I'm not allowed to talk.

Donald Trump: So when somebody like you asks me a question about that, I can't talk about the most important aspects of the case. Nobody's ever heard of that thing.

Hugh Hewitt: Yeah, that's, you're right.

Donald Trump: Think of it. I'm a politician running. I'm leading for president of the United States. I'm the nominee of the Republican Party. And I have a gag order by a very, very highly-conflicted Democrat judge in New York. By the way, started by the DOJ.

Hugh Hewitt: Yeah.

Donald Trump: The DOJ had its people in that office. This is all a Biden thing and a Kamala thing. These two people, they're the ones. You know, when they talk about convicted felon, well, first of all, I'm not a convicted felon, number one. That doesn't happen for a while. But it's so unfair what happened. They, just think of this.

Donald Trump: It started with the DOJ. They have their representatives going and working on it, and also with the state case. This is all the DOJ, and that includes Fani. That includes Fani and her lover, Wade, in Atlanta.

Hugh Hewitt: Well, Mr. President, when you debate Kamala -- yeah, when you debate Kamala Harris, she's going to use her same line. She uses it in every debate. Kamala Harris for the people. The five words I've use my most in my life, and she's going to accuse you of being convicted. She's going to say I'm a prosecutor, and I've prosecuted people like that, and the five words I've used the most are Kamala Harris for the people.

Hugh Hewitt: How are you going to respond to that in under a minute and a half?

Donald Trump: Actually, actually, it's pretty simple. I'm going to say they're the ones that started it. They did this against their political opponent. I'm their political opponent, and they started all of this, and it's never been done in this country before. And I'm a totally innocent person. And the people know that.

Donald Trump: And you know what? If I wasn't, I wouldn't be leading everybody in polls, including her. I wouldn't be leading.

Hugh Hewitt: Well, you're winning because of immigration. I believe that Americans are sick of the border. Now are you going to finish the wall? And how quickly will it be finished?

Donald Trump: Well, first of all, I built a tremendous, you know, I built hundreds of miles of wall, number one.

Hugh Hewitt: Yes.

Donald Trump: And it was very hard to get the approval, because Congress was not behaving at that point. Now, they'll behave. But Congress was not, I don't know if you saw the kind of, did you notice who was endorsing me? I got Mitch McConnell endorsing me, a lot of people endorsing me that perhaps years ago wouldn't have endorsed me, but they're all endorsing me. I built hundreds of miles of wall.

Donald Trump: You know what I did? I said it was an invasion of our country. And I took the money out of the military. I built hundreds of miles. I then was going to add 200 miles more, far more than I said was going to build, and I was going to add 200. I built the wall, and then we had a disgusting, disgusting and shameful result in the election, and they decided not to build it. And I said whoa, that's amazing.

Donald Trump: They didn't want to put it up. And then they went open borders. And now because went open border, and she was the czar, now she says she's not the czar. She was the czar. She was the head of the border. She was the person put in charge. Whether you want to call her czar or not, but she was the czar. That's the term they used.

Donald Trump: But she was the border czar, the worst border czar in history. And then what happened is you have hundreds, and she only went their once, but she didn't really go there once. She went to a location that you'd love to go with your family for dinner, okay? [Laughter]

Donald Trump: That was not the kind of border we're talking about where people are getting killed on a daily basis.

Hugh Hewitt: No, she didn't, and the Lester Holt interview was damning. Let's close by talking about inflation, because I promised Margo I would get you off at 9:02.

Donald Trump: Okay.

Hugh Hewitt: Mr. President, she wants price controls on food. They never work. I worked for Nixon. We don't have an exhibit on price controls at the Nixon Library, because they don't work. They didn't work in the 70s. They won't work now. Does she know that? Or do you think she's economically illiterate?

Donald Trump: No, I think she's a Marxist, and that's what they want to do -- price controls. A Marxist wants to destroy the system. They want to, if it doesn't work, that's okay. That's good, because she wants it destroyed. She will destroy our country. Price controls, forget about Nixon. They've worked anywhere in the world.

Donald Trump: In history, they've never worked, because people get around price controls very easily, and very, very easily. Look, she came in with a bad energy policy. That's what caused the inflation. Then, she went back to Trump. She went back to my, and she was drilling. The difference is I would have four times now the numbers that I had when she, when they took over.

Hugh Hewitt: I agree with that. Energy is freedom. And you are a drill, drill, drill guy.

Donald Trump: So I'd have four times. They're up to my number.

Hugh Hewitt: Let me close here.

Donald Trump: No, no, no. But they're up to mine. I think this is very important. They're up to my number. The only reason is that gasoline was going up to $6 and $7 dollars a gallon. And so they immediately said go back and let them drill like they were drilling under Trump, but they really weren't, because they're not renewing leases.

Donald Trump: They're not doing a lot of the things you have to do. Here's the difference. So they're trying to compete with my number, which is okay. But I, today, would be at least four times more. We'd be double what Saudi Arabia and Russia are doing. I beat them, but we would now be more than double what Saudi Arabia and Russia would do. We would be making a fortune.

Donald Trump: We'd be paying down debt. We'd have so much energy. Energy bills would be cut in half instead of tripling and quadrupling. I mean, you have the energy is going up. Take a look at what's happening with the gasoline prices. They're getting up close to $5 dollars again, $5 dollars a gallon.

Hugh Hewitt: Oh, eggs are between $4 and $7 dollars. Let me close with nuclear power, because you brought it up. We need to get those plants built if we want to win AI and supercomputing. Will you commit to getting nuclear back on track in America?

Donald Trump: Yup. 100%. No, 100%. Not only nuclear. We have other things. Now the worst, and the most expensive is wind. And they're subsidizing, they are subsidizing these wind farms all over the place, and they're destroying the fields, the plains, the canyons. I mean, what they're doing to our country, they're killing all the birds.

Donald Trump: And it's the single most expensive form of energy. And remember, you have to replace them. They wear out. We don't need that. We have the best, we have, from an energy standpoint, there's no country in the world that has what we have, and we don't use it.

Hugh Hewitt: But she does, she's going to ban fracking. Last question. She said she's no longer for Medicare for all. Do you believe her on that? She's flip-flopped a lot. I hope you hit her on this.

Donald Trump: You can't believe anything. She's going back to what she said. Now here's the only thing. Our country will be long bankrupt by the time you get there, so it's not going to matter. This country's going to go bankrupt very quickly. We have to start paying down debt. We would have been paying down debt. We would have been doing things that today, we would have been in exactly the opposite.

Donald Trump: We wouldn't have had inflation. We'd be the dominant energy force in the world. We were energy independent under me. But we would have been dominant. We were never energy independent before. We were energy independent. We would have been the dominant energy force in the world, and we would have had, we were doing things before COVID came in. Then, we did a great job on COVID, didn't get credit.

Donald Trump: Do you know, many more people died under Biden than died under Trump, and I had COVID in prime time. We had it in the height of it before anyone really even know what it was. Nobody knew. But many more people died under Biden. His management of COVID was horrible.

Hugh Hewitt: Their management. It's Biden-Harris.

Donald Trump: But we supplied them things that should have made it much better.

Hugh Hewitt: You know, Mr. President, I'm not going to get your staff mad at me, so I'm going to close by asking you this. Back to Israel, and let's put an underscore on this.

Donald Trump: By the way, my staff, just do you understand, just so you understand, I'm not Biden. My staff doesn't tell me to get off the phone, okay? [Laughter]

Donald Trump: So you just close at a leisurely pace. I don't want to rush you. I think that's why you keep talking over me.

Hugh Hewitt: All right. Then here's my leisurely pace --

Donald Trump: Because you're afraid of my staff.

Hugh Hewitt: I am. I'm afraid of Margo and --

Donald Trump: I'm not afraid of my staff. You got used to Biden. Well, if you're afraid of Margo, I understand that. But listen you got used to Biden. No, my staff is great. They're wonderful. They don't stop me, but you know, ask me one more question, and we'll do it a different time.

Hugh Hewitt: All right, here's my last question. If Israel goes into Southern Lebanon --

Donald Trump: You're so used to Biden, you know, you people got so, you people got so used to Biden, where his staff would say that's enough, and they'd cut off the mic. All right, let's go.

Hugh Hewitt: I want a president back who talks to the press. I can't believe she hasn't done an interview in 31 days, but we'll come back to that. If Israel has to invade Lebanon to kill Hezbollah, and you are president, will you support them down the line, give them the weapons they need, and will you use American forces if necessary from carriers to stop Iran from hurting Israel?

Donald Trump: They have to do what they have to do. But that whole thing is crying out now to get something done so there can be a lasting peace. You have to make a lasting peace. I will work on that, and I'll get things done, too. And you know, they know. A lot of things going on right now, because they know I'm leading in the polls.

Donald Trump: They know if I get in, it's going to be a whole different story. And that different story is going to lead to getting a real peace, not a peace that's going to be in two years, there'll be another attack like the October 7th attack. Do you know that people are actually denying the October 7th attack even took place?

Donald Trump: I was watching it last night.

Hugh Hewitt: I know. It's astonishing.

Donald Trump: Some of these protesters, they're denying it even took place. Well, there are people that denied that the Holocaust took place. It's the same people. But they're denying that it even took place. We will get a lasting, strong, powerful peace that's going to be there. Hey, I did the Abraham Accords. I did things that nobody thought were possible.

Donald Trump: Anybody else would have gotten the Nobel Peace Prize. Anybody but me would have gotten that. But I did the Abraham Accords. People said it was impossible.

Hugh Hewitt: And will you punish campuses that permit Jewish students to be intimidated? Our alma maters have both become hotbeds of antisemitism -- Penn and Harvard. Will you punish campuses that allow Jewish kids to be discriminated against and threatened?

Donald Trump: Oh, absolutely. Absolutely. Are you kidding? You take a look at Harvard, what they're doing, and you take a look at the grants they get and all of the money and the billions of dollars that they have, it's a disgrace. The way they're treating, especially, I mean, I must say, as I'm reading, and as I'm seeing from reports, especially Jewish students --

Hugh Hewitt: Yes.

Donald Trump: They're treating them horribly.

Hugh Hewitt: Yes.

Donald Trump: They're treating them horribly. It's not even believable. You know, years ago, and we'll end at this, but years ago, and not that long ago, I'd say 10, 12, 15 years ago, there was no more powerful, call it a lobby, but there was no more powerful lobby than the Israeli lobby, than the Jewish lobby. Today, it's almost the opposite.

Donald Trump: You have people like me that are big supporters, but we're in a tremendous minority. When guys like Schumer go for Hamas and Hezbollah, I mean, look at Schumer. Why would a Jewish person be voting for Schumer?

Hugh Hewitt: It's pretty incredible.

Donald Trump: No, why would somebody who's Jewish be voting for these people? If Jewish people vote for her, and I use this expression, they ought to go out, because Kamala is a person that is very anti-Israel, and very anti-Jewish. But she solves that problem by saying her husband's Jewish, okay? But that doesn't, her actions are the worst that we've ever had.

Donald Trump: Think of it. You brought this up at the beginning. She wouldn't even meet. She didn't want to meet all with Netanyahu when he came to town, wouldn't go, you know, it's pretty important when somebody speaks before Congress, wouldn't even think about seeing him, then going. What she's doing to Israel is unbelievable.

Donald Trump: She's giving the other side tremendous hope, and that hope is going to keep the war going forever.

Hugh Hewitt: That's the most important thing you've said. You're right. The Democratic Party is keeping Hamas in the field fighting, because they think they're going to win.

Donald Trump: Absolutely. They're saying just hold out, just hold out, because they're going to be -- Israel is not going to be able to withstand the pain. If they get elected, if she gets elected, this Marxist that ruined San Francisco and ruined California, people don't even want to go there, they're not livable places, and they were the best.

Donald Trump: And they're not livable. If that one gets in, our country is finished. And we can't let it happen. You know, if I was running against some normal Democrat like there used to be, it's a big difference, I'd be talking a lot differently, believe me.

Hugh Hewitt: Well --

Donald Trump: This is a woman that will destroy our country like she destroyed San Francisco, and like she destroyed California. Just look at it.

Hugh Hewitt: I am very grateful that you are alive, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Every single policy --

Hugh Hewitt: Mr. President, you're still the best interview in America. Keep coming back, because you've got to flood the zone against these people. You've got to go everywhere and talk to everyone. I hope you do Ruthless podcast. I hope you go everywhere and talk to everyone.

Donald Trump: Well, we're doing a lot, and we always enjoy doing you. And have a good time. We'll be doing you again. Have a good time. Thank you very much, Hugh.

Hugh Hewitt: Thank you, Mr. President. Be well.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Hugh Hewitt: Bye bye.