Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-john-fredericks-real-americas-voice-july-1-2024

John Fredericks: President Trump, live, coming on right now. Mr. President, welcome back to our show. Fresh off your rout of Joe Biden in Thursday's debate. What a great victory that was. President Trump, just a couple quick announcements. I want to give a shout out to Rob Sigg, the CEO of Real America's Voice, who has done a phenomenal job in bringing the truth.

John Fredericks: You know, Mr. President, you've been on our show so many times. It's part of our growth. We're now the No. 1 news talk-operated network independently owned in America. It seems like every time you come on, we're launching a new radio market. Today is no different as you are now live in Memphis, Tennessee, on the newest edition of our network, KQPN AM 730 in Memphis, the new Down and Dirty 730. So, for all the times you've been on it, for all you do, Mr. President, thank you.

John Fredericks: And thank you for being with us again today, sir.

Donald Trump: Well, great job. I brought you luck.

John Fredericks: It's -- I would say that is the -- that's the biggest understatement you've ever made in your life ever.

Donald Trump: Good. That's good. That's good.

John Fredericks: Yeah. First time you came on, I had -- I had one radio -- one small radio station. We were on in Norfolk, Virginia.

Donald Trump: Really?

John Fredericks: Now we're -- yup. That's the first time you came on --

Donald Trump: That's great. Certainly, that's -- it does --

John Fredericks: In March of 2015. And look at us now. Look, let's --

Donald Trump: Wow, that's great. I've heard about that.

John Fredericks: Mr. President, let's get back to the debate Thursday night. Snap polls show --

Donald Trump: OK.

John Fredericks: You clobbered Biden, winning by better than 2-to-1 across the board, setting records. Can you share with us what went through your mind in the first 10 minutes when Joe Biden couldn't articulate one coherent thought when you were standing on that stage, sir?

Donald Trump: Well, you know, when you say 2-to-1, I ask, who is -- who are the ones -- because I don't quite understand it. We have had great reviews of the debate. I -- it seemed very big -- right from the beginning, it seemed big that morning. Everybody was talking about it and talking about it for weeks. But it, all of a sudden -- you know the way something feels like you have a big show and it feels big, you know, you don't know why?

Donald Trump: This thing was a monster, and it just was very important, Ted Cruz said one of the most consequential debates in American history. So many people said things like that. And it turned out to be -- everybody saw it. You know, there's -- I haven't seen one person. I was with large groups of people yesterday for certain reasons, and there wasn't anybody that didn't see it. And some of these people wouldn't necessarily be into it, and they were totally into it. So, there was something going on that was very important.

Donald Trump: It just was bigger than other debates. And as you saw, the ratings were the biggest. CNN had the biggest rating they've ever had, they announced yesterday, 51.3 million, which was the biggest number they've ever had. That was just CNN. And then, you had all the others that carried it. I have no idea what the final rating was.

Donald Trump: Have you been able to figure out the final number, John?

John Fredericks: It's approaching 100 million people saw this of what we have seen when you add in everything. And then, you add in some of the people that downloaded it afterwards, it's up to 100 million. There's not a person that -- it doesn't matter if I go to a Dunkin Donuts, a 7-Eleven, checking into a hotel that's not a person that I talk to that didn't see the debate and is voting for you.

John Fredericks: It's like 100% since Thursday. I think this thing is going to be a rout. As a result, Mr. President, the Democrats having a universal meltdown. They think you're going to win in a landslide. They think it's going to cost them not only the presidency but additional seats in the House, wipeout in the Senate.

John Fredericks: There's now open talk of Biden being replaced at the Chicago convention. Do you think you're going to run against Joe Biden eventually? Do you think he's going to be the nominee, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Well, they say he's not getting out. And they say getting him out is very hard because he has the delegates, he has the votes, and that, if he doesn't want to get out, there's not a thing they can do about it, other than I guess, later on, they can do 25th Amendment or something. But they say they can't get him out.

Donald Trump: And even the ones that want to get him out, they say it's up to him. So, you know, some would like to see him get out and some think he's their candidate. The funny thing is we're beating him badly in the polls, but nobody else is doing any better. Now, maybe that changes if there's somebody picked, or maybe somebody steps up and does a good job.

Donald Trump: I don't know, I can't tell you. But in the polling, nobody's falling any better than him. So, that's sort of interesting.

John Fredericks: Your plan to wipe out income taxes on tips has exploded across the nation. Have you also considered ending income taxes on Social Security to help our seniors?

Donald Trump: Well, a lot of people are going to look at that, and I am looking at that very strongly, yes.

John Fredericks: When you look at inflation, the cause is the rampant spending we have and the debt. Yet, nobody in Congress, Republicans included, have any gumption, any backbone, any courage to cut spending. As president, how would you do that?

Donald Trump: Well, we will be cutting spending, but we'll be increasing growth very substantially. And, you know, we're doing further tax cuts. You know, you're one of the few people that understood. When I did the biggest tax cuts ever done in the country and beating Reagan, and Reagan did very substantial tax cuts, but -- and the same thing happened to him, by the way, we did more revenue or business.

Donald Trump: We did more revenue with a much smaller tax cut -- a much smaller tax. The tax was lowered substantially for middle income, for lower income, for business, which spurred growth. That's why we had the best job numbers so that we did a tax cut so we had a lower number. And yet, the following year, we did much more revenue, which a lot of people say doesn't make sense, but it made sense to me. It always felt like it made sense to me. We did much more business, and that was a pretty amazing -- you've seen those numbers, John.

Donald Trump: It was a pretty amazing result. But the number was substantially -- we took in substantially more money. Companies were bringing billions and billions of dollars back to the U.S. You know, they made it impossible. As an example, as part of a tax cut, we made it possible for businesses to bring in, you know, just -- it's over $1 trillion back from other countries where they couldn't get them in. It was sort of locked into those countries.

Donald Trump: We had too high a tax rate, so they can't, you know, just lose much more than half of it. And so, they brought it back. And it was too complicated from the standpoint. You couldn't do it. It was just almost impossible to do. It's crazy. So, we did a tax cut, and the country did much better and did more money.

Donald Trump: And nobody would think that's possible. But we want to see if we can do something else, and we will be doing -- you know, very exciting for people. I see a lot of people that get tips. You know, some people make their money on tips, most of it. And that has become so exciting to people. Every time I stop, if we see -- because we do a lot of tours where you stop at restaurants and, you know, stop at places where people get tips, the waitresses want to hug you.

Donald Trump: And it's funny, the Biden administration just did the opposite. They put out a report, and they put out ways of doing investigation of people that get tips. In other words, they're going all into it. They've actually made people's lives miserable, if you can believe it. But Biden has made a lot of people miserable.

Donald Trump: He's a terrible person. He's really a terrible person. And he's obviously the worst president we've ever had. But he's a terrible person, and I can't understand why Democrats don't say this. They think he's a nice man. He's not a nice man, he's a bad man. He said some things during the debate that were very, very bad, very, very -- very vicious and very bad.

Donald Trump: And he's not a smart man, but he is the absolute worst president in the history of our country. He has set us back so badly, and we'll be working very hard to change that back as quickly as possible by allowing probably 18 million -- people are now saying it's 18 -- they have no idea what it is with gotaways and everything else.

Donald Trump: But to allow people to come into our country from prisons and jails, from mental institutions and insane asylums, John, insane asylums, I always say that's silence of the lambs, everybody saw that. That's --

John Fredericks: Right.

Donald Trump: Dr. Hannibal Lecter to allow people to come in from insane asylums into this country. They're just dumping. They're not -- nothing's happening. They're not doing anything. It's just they're dumping people. These countries are intelligently -- I'd be doing it if I were the president of some -- you know, Honduras or some country in South America or any place in the world.

Donald Trump: This is not just South America. This is all over the world. The Congo is emptying out their prisons. The Congo and Africa is emptying out their prisons. And they're allowing many, many terrorists to come into our country. These people are insane to do this to us, insane. And now, you're starting to see migrant crime.

Donald Trump: I have spoken with many mothers over the last few weeks whose child has been killed by migrants. I mean, this is going to be a wave of killing. This is going to be a killing field. But I'm having lunch with one of them today, a mother who lost their child last week, a beautiful, wonderful person, and had no idea of living without their child.

Donald Trump: And in one hour, the child is gone and killed and brutally killed. And it's not even possible that it could be happening. Biden is a very bad person.

John Fredericks: The only way they could beat you is through lawfare and the Department of Justice, which they've weaponized. What do you anticipate your sentencing to be from Judge Merchan, Mr. President, on July 11th, just before we get into the Republican convention in Milwaukee, sir?

Donald Trump: Well, there was no crime. Everybody knows that. He was a politically appointed judge. He was appointed. And he was not confirmed, I guess, would be the expression, I'd have to check. But, you know, normally, you run for office when you get that. He was appointed, a Democrat, very strong. And I have a gag order.

Donald Trump: I still have a gag order, can you believe it? Because he doesn't want me talking about, you know, him. He doesn't want me talking about basically things. And it's inconceivable. To think of it, the former president of the United States, who won with a, you know, a great number. Then, I run again, and I get the largest number ever in history for a sitting president.

Donald Trump: We got the largest number, millions more than we got the first time. You know, we did much better the second time. And now, we're really looking at numbers that are going to be -- you know, unless something happens through the roof. Now, we're looking at numbers. And they have a gag order on me where I'm not allowed to talk about it. Because it's so evil what they've done.

Donald Trump: They have tried to make a crime out of a noncrime. If you read Jonathan Turley and all of the different pundits, Andy McCarthy, all of the -- any of them, Dershowitz, Mark Levin, read the pundits. You got to read the pundits. Every one of them said this is not a -- this is -- this should never have been brought.

Donald Trump: This is not a crime. And it's amazing what they've allowed to happen. It's such a horrible thing for justice, the term justice in America. It's injustice in America. So, it's not a crime. It's a minor -- it's a very minor thing. A bookkeeper did the right thing, called a legal expense, a legal expense. This is the crime we're talking about, a bookkeeper --

John Fredericks: It's unbelievable.

Donald Trump: Wrote down in the books a legal expense as a legal expense. This is the correct -- people saying, "Well, it's the right thing." They didn't write it down as a construction expense. And I didn't take a deduction even but -- which is another thing that people don't even know. I don't think they even know that.

Donald Trump: But a legal expense is a legal expense. And everyone's saying, "Well, you did the right thing." I had nothing to do with it. This was just a bookkeeping posting. Can you believe it? This is what it is. And our country is so corrupt. It's so corrupt. So, I don't know exactly what's going to happen. I would think that there should be no -- there should be no sentence whatsoever here because this was not a crime.

Donald Trump: And the fact that they could get away with doing this to a political opponent. This was all a Biden -- this is a bad guy who's destroying our country. And I said, "This was all done by Biden. This was done by the Justice Department." This was -- a man was sent from the Justice Department to prosecute the trial, as you saw.

Donald Trump: You saw that. And I'm not allowed to talk about him, so I can't talk about him. This is a travesty of justice, and nobody's seen anything like it. Nobody's seen it. And again, all Biden. This is all Biden stuff. And then, you watch him up there, and he's got little ability. But, you know, he never had, Biden -- Biden never had credibility.

Donald Trump: Remember the Clarence Thomas inquest that was done by him? And you remember that. I mean, he was -- he was always -- if you take a look at Joe Biden, he was always second rate, always second rate. But he unleashed something onto the country, weaponization. And the weaponization is maybe going to be with our country for a long time.

Donald Trump: They spoke about it during the debate. And I said, "You know, this could -- this could happen to you, Joe. It's going to happen to you." Because look at all the crimes he's committed. I mean, when you look at him, the billion-dollars quid pro quo, how about that? Can you imagine if I said that?

John Fredericks: I might.

Donald Trump: The prosecutor, the billion dollars, can you imagine if I said it or some Republican said it? And he said it openly. I mean, he was stupid to say it, actually. Such a stupid thing to say because you're immediately guilty. But all of the things he's done, all of the horrible decisions he's made -- you know, the immunity statement that's coming out they say on Sunday -- on Monday, that it's going to be very interesting to see what happens.

Donald Trump: But I think it has a bigger impact on Joe Biden than it has on me, actually.

John Fredericks: Well, it'll be coming out sometime today, and it's certainly going to affect what all presidents do going forward. Mr. President, I know you're pressed for time, so let me get to this. You know, I lived in Virginia for a long time. I was your Virginia campaign chair in 2016 and 2020. You had a massive rally there on Friday, and we were there 15,000 16,000, 17,000 people.

John Fredericks: It was unbelievable. Governor Glenn Youngkin spoke at your rally. This is the first time Youngkin has appeared with you, or, quite frankly, Mr. President, even bothered to mention your name since he first ran for governor. Now, without your support in 2021 and the bus tour we did together for him in Southwest Virginia, he loses to Terry McAuliffe.

John Fredericks: So, basically, no Trump, no Youngkin. What changed? And do you trust Governor Youngkin?

Donald Trump: So, he got up and spoke, did a good job. He -- you know, I just say over the last four weeks, maybe he sees where the campaign's going. He wants to see Virginia go Republican. He's very much working toward that. I didn't know he hadn't mentioned my name. Actually, I didn't know we had a necessarily negative relationship.

Donald Trump: Actually, you're just telling me something. But I will say that, I did help him a lot. I made a tele town hall for him, a call, where I had hundreds of thousands of people on the line the night before the election, as you remember.

John Fredericks: That's right.

Donald Trump: And I think without that town hall, he would not have had a good result because we had -- I think we had 444,000 people on the line. It was a state -- statewide. I do that if I like somebody or if I want somebody to win. And a state town hall, the entire commonwealth was on that call. I mean, a lot of people, hundreds of thousands of people.

Donald Trump: You remember that call? I think you were on that call.

John Fredericks: That's right.

Donald Trump: Actually, you told me.

John Fredericks: I was, sir. Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: And it was, you know, a 11-minute call that was very strong. And those people got up, and they went out and voted the next morning. And it was very important. The campaign manager that he has, that's not his fault, but I wasn't a big fan of. He tried to downplay the fact that I helped him. I also endorsed him early on, which was a big help.

Donald Trump: And the endorsement, as you know, means a lot. I think I'm 289 and zero or something like that. It's like a huge -- it's like a huge endorsement factor. So, I helped him. But I can only say, over the last month or two, he's been very strong, and he's leading the charge that we win in Virginia. And I've been with him a few times.

Donald Trump: I'm in Virginia right now, actually. I have a club in Virginia on the Potomac, which is so beautiful --

John Fredericks: Yes.

Donald Trump: Which is a place you should take a look at sometime. It's so historic. You don't get to be on the Potomac very much. It's, you know, a very well-guarded river. It's not easy to get to be on the Potomac. This thing fronts -- the entire length of it is on the Potomac. It's incredible. And I was with him. We had very productive meetings.

Donald Trump: I mean, really, really productive meetings. And we have a good chance. I think, John, you would know better than anybody, but I think I've had some polls come out showing that we're winning Virginia, one -- in one case, we're winning it really easily. But it only makes sense that we're winning it. Who would vote for Biden?

Donald Trump: I mean, who would vote for this guy? This guy is the worst president we've ever had, the absolute worst. And you'd almost say, like if you were a Democrat, if you were a solid, solid blue Democrat, how can you vote for this guy? You know, it's almost you. I ask people this. I said -- people ask me this. They say, "Sir, how come he gets 30%?" There was a poll where he got 32% of the vote, and everyone was saying like, you know, "Why would he get 32% of the vote?" And so Youngkin's been really great, and we're going to try and win Virginia.

Donald Trump: And we have a shot at doing some really historic numbers, and I think that's important. I think that's really important, John. We have to be able -- we have to win this election. If we don't win this election, I believe our country is, potentially, it's finished. Somebody said this may be the last -- if we don't win this election, this may be the last election we ever have in this country.

Donald Trump: And you understand what that means to. And it's --

John Fredericks: I agree with that.

Donald Trump: It's very consequential.

John Fredericks: All right. Final thing, Mr. President, and then we have to wrap. You're poised right now, you get over 25% of the Black vote in America. This is higher than Richard Nixon in 1960. This is a potential political realignment, the likes of which we haven't seen in 70 years. What, in your mind, has driven this going forward and now?

Donald Trump: So -- and Hispanic vote also Hispanic, I mean, numbers that nobody's ever seen. And the Black vote, I mean, even when I do rallies, it's really nice to see. We have so many Black people at the rallies. I think when they look at my record -- and I think they've gotten to like me, you know, pure and simple.

Donald Trump: But when they look at my record and they see what I've done, the historically Black colleges and universities, I got them funded for long term. They were never funded. They'd have to come to Washington every year and beg for money. One of the heads of the colleges said, "I feel like a beggar," because they say, "Why do you keep coming back?" He says, "I have to come every year to get money." And I say, "Yeah, but you should be set on like a 10-year program or something." Anyway, I got it. I took care of them and the people know it. Those people that went to those colleges, they know that one girl, that one beautiful girl, she came from -- she came to me. It was from Georgia, she was from Georgia, where I walked into a diner.

Donald Trump: And, you know, we walk into diners, nobody knows we're coming. And I guess they do that for security, but whatever. She looked at me and she said, "You saved my college." And she was so warm. She was so amazing, actually. Her personality was amazing. So, that's one. I did criminal justice reform, which is nobody could have done that but me. Obama couldn't do it. Everybody tried.

Donald Trump: Nobody could do it. Most didn't try, actually most presidents. But Obama tried, he couldn't do it, didn't even come close. I got it done, criminal justice reform. That was big. We did economic programs, the likes of which nobody even thought of. I did a program with Tim Scott which was so consequential, so important.

Donald Trump: It was incredible the success it had, and so many other things. And I -- also, if you look at the economy, we had more Black jobs than any other president. We had the highest salaries they've ever gotten to pay and money going into their pockets and money going into their pockets after taxes. We did more for -- and I say it, and I used to kid when I said it and then I realized I was right.

Donald Trump: I did more for the Black population than any president other than possibly Abraham Lincoln. And that's a big quote. But I used to say it sort of kiddingly. And then I said, "Well, wait a minute, I'm not actually kidding. I did more for them than any other president." And somehow, they've seen it. They get it, they get it. And it's a it's a good thing to see.

Donald Trump: It's a beautiful thing to see. It's sort of bringing the country together in a way. It really is. The country's coming together. And I think they united against this radical-left philosophy that's going on that's starting to crumble for the first time. It's so crazy. You know, when you look at open borders and men playing in women's sports, and you have to have an electric vehicle -- everybody have to have an electric vehicle by -- you know, just in a few years, they want everybody to be driving a car that they don't want.

Donald Trump: It is a place for an electric vehicle, but it's a -- it's -- you can't -- you can't take -- you can't take what we have away. They don't go far, they cost too much, and they're all made in China. And I can name 20 things that that are so crazy that just don't make sense. They just don't -- defund the police, you know, let's -- everyone, defund the police.

Donald Trump: They want to do that. You know, that's something they've never dropped, John. So, all of these factors add up to something that we're -- we're seeing numbers right now. They're just polls, but polls mean something. But we're seeing numbers that nobody's ever seen before.

John Fredericks: Well, Mr. President, I'd say, what, this is going to be an historic election. You're the unifier. And I want to thank you for being with us today. I also want to thank you for endorsing me for national Republican delegate from Pennsylvania, from the Pittsburgh area.

Donald Trump: Good.

John Fredericks: Without your help, I would not have been able to win that. So, thank you, and I look forward to seeing you, sir, in Milwaukee, accepting the nomination of the Republican National Committee. And for all of us, sir, thank you for all you do. Thank you for fighting for us. And thank you for being with us today, sir.

John Fredericks: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you, John. See you soon. Thank you.

John Fredericks: I'll see you -- I'll see you in Milwaukee.

Donald Trump: Good. Thank you.

John Fredericks: Thank you.