Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-matthew-boyle-breitbart-siriusxm-radio-october-19-2024

Matt Boyle: This is Breitbart News Radio here on SiriusXM 125, the Patriot channel. I'm Matt Boyle, our Washington bureau chief, and we're very pleased to have on the line right now a very special guest, former President Donald Trump, the 45th and hopefully 47th president of the United States. President Trump, thanks for joining us here on Breitbart News Radio for this special report interview.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, Matt. It's an honor.

Matt Boyle: OK. So, lots to talk about here, but we are just about two weeks out from Election Day, and we're in the -- the kind of the closing days of the campaign. So, I wanted to see what is your closing message here as we enter the final couple of weeks of this election?

Donald Trump: Well, it's -- my message is always the same. It's Make America great again. We're a failing nation right now. We're failing at the borders. We're failing with inflation and the economy. We're failing with all of this woke stuff like men playing in women's sports and transgender operations and all of these things that are -- that's just -- just terrible for our country.

Donald Trump: And we just can't let it happen. And we're going to do that. We're going to -- if you remember, you and I always say, "Where were you four years ago and five years ago and six years ago?" Everyone was happy and fulfilled. And now, they're not happy, and they're not doing well, and inflation has eaten them alive.

Donald Trump: So, we're going to get rid of that. We're going to bring prices down, and we're going to -- we're going to drill, baby, drill. Very simply, we're going to close our border. We're going to have to get rid of the criminals that have been put in. We have -- as you know, it was just announced last week, 13,099 people who murdered -- murderers are right now released into our country over the last three and a half years through this horrible administration.

Donald Trump: And remember this: It's the worst administration in the history of our country. There's never been anything like this. Nobody's hurt our country like this. And I happen to think -- and I think I know how you feel, but I happen to think that the biggest item is really going to be the border. It's really the border.

Donald Trump: People -- inflation is big, it's horrible, it's a country-buster, and the economy and all of that. But I happen to think that the border is going to be -- the people being allowed in, drug dealers, people from all over the world, not just -- not just South America. It's all -- there were 180 countries represented so far this year according to the Border Patrol, 180.

Donald Trump: They're coming from all over the world from prisons and jails, from mental institutions and insane asylums, and they're being dumped into the United States of America. The largest number of terrorists that we've ever seen. When I ran it, we had almost no terrorists coming in. You know that because you've seen the -- the reports and the stats.

Donald Trump: Now, we have thousands of terrorists being dropped into our country, and that's only going to end poorly. So, we're going to deport them. We're going to get them out. We're going to save our country.

Matt Boyle: So, Mr. President, when she -- Kamala Harris did an interview with Bret Baier of Fox News this last week, she was asked at the outset of the interview, "How many migrants have come into the country during the Biden-Harris administration?" She wouldn't answer the question. How many are in the country, and what are we going to do about that?

Donald Trump: So, she didn't know -- supposedly, she didn't want to answer. And if she did, she definitely didn't want to say it because, in my opinion, it's 21 million. Now, a lot of people say 16 or 17 million. She said she didn't know, which is probably a good answer. It's probably one of the best answers she's ever given because if she said the truth -- because I'm sure she knows -- she would say more than 21 million.

Donald Trump: Eighteen thousand are drug dealers. Remember, 13,099 are murderers; many, many terrorists; many gang members from MS-13 and from the Venezuelan vicious gang that takes over Aurora and a lot of cities. They're literally taking over apartment complexes, and the mayors and governors just don't know what to do.

Donald Trump: Now, we can't let this happen. We're going to -- we're going to get them out. We have to get them out. You can't live with them. We're going to get them out, and we're going to do it right. And we're going to really -- it's very simple. We're going to make our country great again. We're going to make America great again.

Donald Trump: We have -- we have no choice. We cannot let this happen. What -- what they've done to us at the border, what they've done with Afghanistan, which gave us Russia going into Ukraine because when Russia saw how badly we did with Afghanistan, they said, "Wow." When Putin saw that, he probably said we're a paper tiger.

Donald Trump: And we're not because, as you know, I defeated ISIS in record time, in a matter of weeks, and it was supposed to take five years. So, we're not. We have great military, but we don't have great leaders. We have horrible leaders right now.

Matt Boyle: Yeah. So, Mr. President, in that interview as well, she was asked if she would apologize to the family of Laken Riley and the other people who have lost loved ones due to these migrant crimes that we've talked about many times before. She wouldn't do it. She -- she -- she dodged accountability. What do you think about that?

Donald Trump: Well, she dodged accountability on everything. And, of course, she should apologize. As you know, I know the family very well. I've met with the family numerous times. And it's -- they're devastated. You know, it's almost like their lives are over. You see the parents, incredible parents -- you know, Laken was studying to be a nurse.

Donald Trump: She was No. 1 in her class; everybody respected her. They go to her for help. Other young girls that wanted to be nurses, they go -- she was like the -- the most incredible person. And now -- and she was violently, violently killed. Violently. But many others also. And I said that was going to happen.

Donald Trump: I knew that was going to happen. I was saying it for a long time because it's natural. What they're doing is they're letting people in out of prisons and out of mental institutions. And when you do that, they're going to -- if I were running a country, I'd do the same exact thing that they're doing, to be honest with you.

Donald Trump: I'd say, "Let my prisoners get out of here. Dump them into America." If America has stupid people like Biden and Kamala, they're going to accept them. That's what's happened. They've dumped their prison populations into this country. And by the way, countries all over the world, their crime is way down because they're dumping their criminals into America.

Matt Boyle: So, Mr. President, in addition to that, the latest thing that we've seen -- the latest kick out of Kamala Harris seems to be she's accusing you of being exhausted. It's mind-boggling to me. I have to laugh at it because I see -- every time I turn around, you're in another battleground state. You're doing another speech. You're doing another interview.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Matt Boyle: This is the third interview, I think, I've done with you since you became the nominee again. We've done plenty more over the course of this campaign. It's -- it's mind-boggling to me that she is out there saying that. She -- she speaks for maybe 10 minutes at her rallies. What's your response to -- to -- to her saying that you're exhausted and not campaigning? It's just --

Donald Trump: Yeah. Well, she's getting knocked for that because she has no energy. She's a low-energy person, very low-energy individual. And she has no energy, and she's getting hit on that. So, what they do is they make up information. So, right now, I'm heading to Pennsylvania, as you know, and then I'm doing a big stop, a big rally.

Donald Trump: And then I'm actually going to go to see the Pittsburgh Steelers play football tonight against, I think, the New York Jets. And we're going to do that. So, that'll be all day. Yesterday, I was doing "Fox & Friends" at 7:00 in the morning. And as you know, I did a rally late at night and got back at -- very late.

Donald Trump: I don't know, probably after midnight or something. Did numerous things in between, including stops at openings of -- of campaign headquarters. We had an amazing day, but it was -- it went all day. And that was not something I've ever heard about myself, I'll be honest with you. We have gone -- I've gone over 50 days in a row without taking a time off.

Donald Trump: She didn't make, as you know, the Al Smith dinner, the big Catholic dinner, which was very insulting to Catholics. Most Catholics, if they knew that, they wouldn't vote for her because that was a very -- that's their big dinner, biggest of the year with the Cardinal. And she didn't make it, and I not only made it, I made the keynote speech.

Donald Trump: And it was very well received. Now, they make up things. They're full of lies and disinformation. Just in thinking about it, she said how hard she worked at McDonald's, and that turned out to be a lie. And in fact tomorrow, I'm going to Pennsylvania to work in a McDonald's just for fun. But just to show that she never worked there because the media doesn't want to cover that.

Donald Trump: But she didn't -- she's never worked at a McDonald's, and she made it a big part of her resume how she stood over the French fries and hot weather and how hard it was. She never worked there. It's a lie. So, they make up stories, and they think the public's going to believe them. And I don't think the public does believe them.

Donald Trump: And the advantage I have is that I can speak to you and others. And, you know, you'll -- you know it's not so. "The Wall Street Journal" editorial board, as a matter of fact, I saw them two days ago, and they actually commented. They say, "There's nothing cognitively wrong with this guy. He's as good as he was 20 years ago."

Donald Trump: Or I think they might have almost implied better. I don't know if that's a good thing or a bad thing, but they might have said better. But they said there was -- there's nothing wrong with him. These people that we're dealing with are bad people. She's a bad person. She's a Marxist, and she'd destroy our country.

Donald Trump: And you know that, and I know that. And I think most of the public knows it because, based on early returns, she's getting beaten very badly.

Matt Boyle: Yeah. So, Mr. President, in addition to that, the --the exhausted claim, which is just mind-boggling that you also have them out there now saying that you're going to weaponize government against them if you win. Have they not been paying attention for the last few years? They've been weaponizing government against you.

Matt Boyle: They literally put Peter Navarro and Steve Bannon in federal prison. Steve Bannon is still in prison. Your thoughts on them saying that you're going to be the one to weaponize government when you're the victim of weaponization over the course of the Biden-Harris administration.

Donald Trump: First, they say you're exhausted, then they say I'm going to weaponize government. I guess I can't be too exhausted, can I? So, just so you understand, they've set a very bad precedent with what they've done. Third-world countries, banana republics have done it. But what they have done -- what they have done with me, with the Justice Department -- I call it the Department of Injustice -- and the FBI and the raids on Mar-a-Lago, it's unprecedented, where they're being sued, by the way.

Donald Trump: Or they will be very shortly. But the papers are already, as you know, submitted in a sense. They're -- what they have done in terms of the weaponization of government and weaponization of the Justice Department and local DAs and local attorney generals -- what they've done is so bad for this country.

Donald Trump: And, as you know, I won the big case in Florida that was supposed to be the big one. And I won that in its entirety against a very deranged person, a sick person, Jack Smith, who has a horrible record. And the reason it's horrible is he always goes too far. They put him in charge, and he's a deranged lunatic.

Donald Trump: And what they've done with this is -- is so bad and such -- sets such a precedent for our country. So, no. I won't be doing that, but they are doing it and you called it out better than I would have. I appreciate that. Because they've taken Peter Navarro, Steve Bannon, and others. What they have done is just -- it's not even -- nobody thought it was possible.

Donald Trump: People would say it long before this happened when the idea came up, "Oh, but they'd never do that. You'd never do that. You don't do that to an ex-president." But they are bad people. Let me tell you, they're bad people. They're sick. They are -- in their own way, they're deranged. And I'm surprised that Merrick Garland allowed that to happen, to be honest with you.

Matt Boyle: So, now, Mr. President, we've seen a number of reports in recent days that Democrats are panicking right now ahead of the election. This is as the early vote numbers are happening, as the polls are showing movement your way with the early vote numbers out of places like Georgia and North Carolina and Pennsylvania, Michigan, etc.

Matt Boyle: They -- they seem very strong for you, and the poll numbers are -- are similarly strong. And Kamala Harris seems to be stalled in her momentum if she isn't collapsing entirely. And you're seeing the Democrat panic in full swing. I think you talked about this a little bit during the Al Smith dinner in your speech there.

Matt Boyle: Talk to us about where you think things are going here in the final couple of weeks of the campaign?

Donald Trump: Well, I think they're going well. And I think it started actually a long time ago. And I've always had a hidden vote, which is interesting. I had it with Hillary. As you know, last time I did phenomenally. I think I got millions of votes more than I did the first time. And a lot of bad things happened.

Donald Trump: It was a COVID deal. It was a China virus deal, but a lot of bad things happened. But it looks really good. I mean, the -- the fact that she skipped the most important dinner of the year for Catholics was so insulting. I mean, the Cardinal himself, it was his dinner. They raised a lot of money for people in distress and people in trouble.

Donald Trump: And she skipped it and did this horrible video like done by an amateur. And I went and sat through it with the first lady who now has the No. 1 best-selling book. It's called "Melania." Go out and buy it, everybody. But No.1 best-selling book on New York Times list and every other list. So, it's great.

Donald Trump: But we sat there for a long time, and she announced she's not going. And it was only one time. I guess Mondale didn't go years ago, and he lost every state except for one. So, I think she's a terrible candidate. She's not a smart person. All you have to do is look at her -- her record. And her record is terrible.

Donald Trump: But I think we're going to do very well. And you're right. The early votes, early voting -- if that's any indication, it's far -- it far exceeds even the wildest expectations in terms of us.

Matt Boyle: So, Mr. President, we're also seeing Democrat senators and Senate candidates in Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Michigan, Arizona literally all using you in their ads, right? Like -- so, these are the same people that voted to impeach you and convict you in the US Senate and in the US House during your presidency in your first term in office, and now, they're running ads about how much they got along with you during their time in office. What -- what's your response to that?

Donald Trump: Well, it's an honor actually. They have senators that voted to impeach me, Democrats. And they're Democrats, and now, they're bragging about my policies. And they have to use that because their policies were radical left and not good. So, they're -- they're now taking ads saying that, "I was in favor of tariffs like President Trump."

Donald Trump: I was in favor of this and that. And nobody's ever seen anything quite like it. But they weren't. I mean, they weren't.

Matt Boyle: Right. So -- so, Mr. President, you have a big rally coming up next weekend at Madison Square Garden. I know the New York City is near and dear to your heart. Can you tell us what to expect at Madison Square Garden? I don't think Kamala could sell out the Garden.

Donald Trump: No. We sold it out in less than three hours and -- but people are going to come anyway. We have big screens outside. It's going to be unbelievable. So, come anyway. I mean, come -- maybe you get in. I don't know. But it's sold out very quickly. It's a fantastic -- it's going to be fantastic, and we have other big rallies.

Donald Trump: By the way, I have a big rally today. I'm going to it. I just got into the plane. I just walked up a big flight of stairs. I'm in the plane, and we actually have a big one today in Pennsylvania. And then we're, you know -- as I told you, we're doing a couple of other stops also.

Matt Boyle: Right. So, Mr. President, there are millions of listeners to this network on SiriusXM 125, the Patriot channel.

Donald Trump: Right.

Matt Boyle: They are huge fans of yours. They want to help you. What's your message to folks about what they need to do here in this final two weeks to get out the vote, to vote early? I -- by the way, I intend to vote for you. I live in Florida. I intend to vote for you early, as soon as in-person early voting next week opens up.

Donald Trump: That's great Thank you.

Matt Boyle: But what's your message to those folks in our listening audience about how they can be involved and how they can help deliver a victory for you on November 5th?

Donald Trump: Well, the biggest thing we want is for them to get out and vote. If they want, vote early. I mean, I feel both ways about it. You know, a lot of people say vote early. The main thing is to vote, whether it's early or whether it's on Election day. But the big thing is you got to get out and vote, and the best thing they could do is get 10 of their friends or two of their friends or as many as they can get.

Donald Trump: Get down and vote. We can't take a chance on losing the country. Elon Musk, who's fantastic, he just put that big rocket of his on the -- on the -- on the gantry, right where it took off from. Nobody's ever seen anything. I saw it the other day. I said that's unbelievable. He came out. He's a brilliant guy, tremendous, I'd say, scientist, but I'd say entrepreneur, sort of tremendous at everything.

Donald Trump: And he gave me the strongest endorsement you've ever seen. The Border Patrol gave me the strongest endorsement you've ever seen. You know that Border Patrol is a big deal because, again, I believe that immigration and the border is the biggest problem. I think that inflation and the horrible job they've done on the economy.

Donald Trump: Horrible. I mean, we lost last month, 50,000 manufacturing jobs. We're losing jobs at a level we're not going to have any manufacturing by the time these people get finished. And she has no idea. She wants to raise taxes for everybody. We're going to have everybody either out of a job or leaving the country.

Donald Trump: The companies are all going to leave the country because, you know, of our taxing policy. Whereas with me, they're coming back in. So, the biggest thing you can do is get out and vote and spread the word because we're going to make America great again, greater than ever before. And I hope they can watch my rally.

Donald Trump: It'll be on the various stations. But watch it. And what time will that be, gentlemen? Today about what time? Six o'clock. It'll be six o'clock. We'll be in Pennsylvania, and we're going to have a good time. And then I'm going to go watch a football game also in Pennsylvania. We're Pennsylvania-centric today, but we're doing -- yesterday was Michigan.

Donald Trump: So, we're all over. We haven't -- so, in 52 days, I've been -- I haven't taken a day off. And we have another 18 left, and I don't anticipate a day off. And we're -- I think we're really doing a great job. But most importantly, it's not the -- it's not the work. It is the work to an extent, but not really the work.

Donald Trump: It's the message. We have the best policy, and it's all of the things. It's cutting your taxes. It's cutting regulations so that companies can breathe and hire a lot of people. All of these message -- it's Right to Try. You know Right to Try with getting people medicines and things that a space-age can't be -- you can't do it.

Donald Trump: But if they're ill, if they're terminally ill, we're allowed to get them. Nobody thought for 52 years, Matt, they've tried to get that done. I got it done. We take care of the vets at a level that -- we had a 92 percent approval rating with the Veterans Administration. And now, with them, it's down into the 40s, and it's heading south.

Donald Trump: We did things nobody thought was possible, including getting doctors fast. And if you couldn't get them, you'd go out to a private doctor, we pay the bill. Things like that, and nobody thought that could be done. They were trying to get that for years. And I got it done, and I understand these people want to dismantle that.

Donald Trump: And they shouldn't do that. It's unfair. People had to wait 40, 50, 60 days to see a doctor. And sometimes, by that time, it was too late. They were terminally ill. So, we do all of these things. And whatever people can do if you can -- and just go out and vote. One other thing I would like to say is that, four years ago, we were respected all over the world.

Donald Trump: We wouldn't have had Ukraine. We wouldn't have had October 7th with Israel. We wouldn't have had any of these things that we have right now. We wouldn't have had inflation. It was all caused by this stupid energy problems. And we're going to bring that back. We're going to bring your -- your energy will be reduced from the time I get there if we win.

Donald Trump: From the time I get there, your energy will be reduced, your bills, by 50, 5-0 percent because we have more liquid gold than anybody, any other nation, Saudi Arabia, Russia included. We have more than anybody. Your energy bills will be down 50 percent. That's going to bring down everything else like the cost of your groceries, the cost of your food.

Donald Trump: It's going to bring it down at levels that people are going to be surprised. So, we're going to do a real job, and we're going to do something where we're a country that's respected again. We're laughed at all over the world by Biden and this Kamala. Kamala should not be even anywhere near the presidency.

Donald Trump: She wanted to defund the police. You take a look at her real policies. Her real policies are when she was campaigning, and she was campaigning against Biden. And she lost; she came in last. She was the first one to drop out with 22 people running. That's the real Kamala, and she was a radical-left lunatic, and now, she's trying to pretend she's MAGA.

Donald Trump: It's not working. So, people aren't -- and she will go back to that immediately.

Matt Boyle: Yeah. So, Mr. President --

Donald Trump: Yes.

Matt Boyle: On that note, too, you keep seeing her get asked this question over and over again about what she would do differently than this current administration that she's a part of.

Donald Trump: Right. Right.

Matt Boyle: She keeps dodging the question. She says not a thing comes to mind. And that's what she told "The View." What's your thought -- what are your thoughts on that?

Donald Trump: Well, number one, she's not smart because she should be able to think of something. And I saw that question asked by Bret Baier and asked by others also. And they said, "What would you do differently?" Now, you have the least popular administration in history, the worst president and vice president in history -- and in terms of reviews, as you call them and a lot of different words, going forward they had the lowest rating.

Donald Trump: It was like 80 percent negative in terms of going forward, in terms of how do you feel about the country, 81, 82 percent according to some. And now, when you have that, she'd better have a lot of answers, but she didn't have any. She -- she said, "I can't think of any." So, that would mean that she wants to have open borders with criminals pouring in.

Donald Trump: That would mean she wants to have high-energy costs, high taxes, all of the problems that we have, terrible crime rates, transgender operations, which she wants. She said transgender is fine; operations are fine. Even if somebody's a prisoner held in detention, they'll do the operation. I mean, can you imagine? So, this is where she's at.

Donald Trump: She's a radical-left person, further -- further left than Bernie Sanders, considered much further left than Bernie Sanders. And we can't have a person like this, Matt. We can't have a person like this in -- anywhere near the presidency. She will totally destroy the country, and that's guaranteed.

Matt Boyle: Mr. President, I really want to thank you for taking the time to join us today. And good luck on the campaign trail. We'll be watching the rally and all the events. So, I really want to thank you for joining us. Where can people in our listening audience go to get involved with the Trump 47 and -- and with the campaign if they so choose?

Donald Trump: Getting involved is important, but most important is get out and vote and bring some people with you. You have a lot of people that would vote if somebody asked them. We got to get them off that couch, right? Get -- we have to take the potato chips away from them, and we have to get them off the couch.

Donald Trump: Matt? Well -- that's all of us included, right? But I appreciate it. And you've been great. And Breitbart's been fantastic, and I really appreciate it.

Matt Boyle: All right. Thank you, Mr. President. I really want to thank you for joining us here.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Matt Boyle: Again, folks, we really want to thank everyone. Yeah. And again, folks, I really want to thank everyone for tuning in to this Breitbart News Radio special report here on SiriusXM 125, the Patriot channel. I'm Matt Boyle, our Washington bureau chief. Thanks for tuning in, folks, and have a great day.