Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-anthony-dabruzzi-spectrum-news-green-bay-wisconsin-april-2-2024

Anthony DaBruzzi: This is your first time visiting Wisconsin since August of 2022.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Anthony DaBruzzi: How important is the state to you? And can you win the White House without it?

Donald Trump: No, I think it's very important. It's a great state. I did well here twice, as you know, did very well in the primaries, and I did well in the elections, and won it handily the first time. And I think I did much better the second time. [Audience chants "USA"]

Anthony DaBruzzi: In 2016, Trump beat Hillary Clinton by about 22,000 votes. More people voted for him in 2020, but more people voted for Joe Biden, too, who won Wisconsin by about 20,000 votes. While suburban women helped Trump win the first time around, they voted for Biden the second time. Focus groups show those women are really swayed by trust.

Anthony DaBruzzi: How can you earn that?

Donald Trump: Well, I think they want -- what they really want is safety. They want security. And they get that with me on the border, with law enforcement.

Anthony DaBruzzi: Let's talk about an issue that's important to them. You're a Florida resident.

Donald Trump: Right.

Anthony DaBruzzi: Right. So, the state Supreme Court announced yesterday that Floridians will get to vote in November on abortion protection amendments. So, if that fails, it will leave a six-week abortion ban in effect. How do you plan to vote?

Donald Trump: Well, you know, I've spoken about that. And what I'm going to do is make a statement on it next week. I'm going to have a formal statement, I'm going to make it in next week. And that's an issue that we should win. The Roe v. Wade issue is an issue that we should win. It was sent back to the states. The states are going to really dominate, and I think that's what you're seeing.

Donald Trump: But I'm going to make it -- a statement on that next week, and it'll be a very concise statement.

Anthony DaBruzzi: And what should we prepare for? Could that be a change in position?

Donald Trump: No, not a change in position. It's going to be something that is very important. You know, you have to go with your heart, you have to go with your spirit. And it's going to be something that I don't think people would be overly surprised. But we also have to -- remember, we have to win elections. It's very important.

Donald Trump: You have to win elections. Otherwise, you go back to the way you were. And I believe that the statement next week will be a very good one.

Anthony DaBruzzi: Trump takes credit for appointing the three U.S. Supreme Court justices that helped overturn Roe v. Wade. He has also previously said he would support a national ban on abortion after 15 or 16 weeks. But don't expect to find out Trump's pick for vice president anytime soon. He tells me, that announcement will likely come closer to July.

Donald Trump: We have a great list of people, potential people. They all want to do it, that I can tell you. They all want it. And we'll announce that probably sometime around convention, maybe a little before.