Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-harris-faulkner-fox-news-july-15-2024

Harris Faulkner: I got the chance to talk with the former president about what his family means to him before Saturday's rally and that chilling assassination attempt. Barron on the stage. Barron at his seat. Barron over there. Barron -- I mean, he's with you now. He's a young man. He's 18. Is your family all in this time?

Donald Trump: Oh, they're all in. That doesn't mean they're going to be working on the campaign. Ivanka did such a great job. Jared did a great job. They all did. Tiffany did a great job. I have a wonderful family. But, you know, they suffered, my family. They went after. These are wonderful, wonderful -- they're not children, but to me, they're children.

Donald Trump: You know, no matter what their age --

Harris Faulkner: They're always our kids.

Donald Trump: They're always going to be children, right?

Harris Faulkner: Yeah.

Donald Trump: You know, you'll -- you'll be -- that's politically incorrect to say it's not. They're my children, and you love your children. It's a vicious business, politics. I used to think business was worse. After about two months of dealing with the crazy lunatic Adam Schiff and these people, they're just liars.

Donald Trump: They're horrible liars. We dealt with so many sick, deranged people that are not stupid people, but they're deranged people. And it's a lot to ask a family to really go in and do it. Ivanka had a very, very successful business. Unbelievable. She was doing great. She wanted to work, and I could have made her ambassador to the United Nations.

Donald Trump: I wanted to, actually. I could have given her anything. She was the smartest. Everything about her. And she only wanted one job: to get people jobs. She would go around and meet with companies to hire people. She just wanted -- and they didn't treat her nicely. Just treat her -- you know, treat people, like, with respect.

Donald Trump: Top student, top everything. Brilliant person. They didn't treat her nicely. They didn't treat really anybody nicely. Now, it's OK in my case because, you know, I guess I bought on to this, right? But, you know, they have a list of presidents, and it was always Andrew Jackson who was considered the worst treated president.

Donald Trump: And then Abraham Lincoln was second. I think I have to be at the top of that list because no president has ever been treated. I got impeached twice over absolutely -- and by the way, the Republicans really stuck with me. Brilliant. Yeah, they were great. I could not ask for more. The Republicans, the level of support I had.

Donald Trump: You know, a lot of people don't have support from even their own party.

Harris Faulkner: Biden.

Donald Trump: But the Republicans really stuck.

Harris Faulkner: I mean, it's one example.

Donald Trump: Now, you're looking at that. But -- but I do this because we really have a country that's in trouble. We're in a failing nation. This nation, I call it a nation in decline. But we're going to turn it around fast. It's going to be fast. And, you know, I have a theme, Make America Great Again. I think it's probably -- MAGA, it's probably the greatest in the history of this country.

Donald Trump: There's never been anything like it. And I do it because we're going to make America great again, and we are -- and we're going to do it fast.

Harris Faulkner: How do you get your family ready for the onslaught again? I mean, there are reports that your wife, Melania, doesn't want to be full-time at the White House. And some of what you just described, I think people can understand that. And I've heard you say, you -- and Mar-a-Lago is a gym. So, you come here and you think he really could be doing anything else at this point.

Donald Trump: I could.

Harris Faulkner: How do you get them ready for what's coming?

Donald Trump: I could be doing anything else. I have properties like this all over the world. I could be living the greatest life. But this is more important to me. This is, to me, the greatest life because I can make a difference. If I'm in one of my beautiful properties in Scotland or any place -- I have the best -- I have the most beautiful stuff.

Donald Trump: Look at this. Look at where you're sitting right now. Palm Beach, everything could be beautiful. Look, I have an opportunity to do something. There are a lot of people that can sit at nice properties. A lot of people can go to wonderful hotels and get on their boats and have lots of fun or yachts. What I'm doing is so much bigger than that.

Donald Trump: I'm solving problems of a country that -- you know, a lot of people say there's nobody else can do it but Trump. I don't know if that's true or not, but a lot of people say that. A lot of very smart people say that. "You're the only one that can bring our country back." And we had this country really rocking and rolling.

Donald Trump: It was going great. And, you know, the country was coming together. Liberal people -- very liberal people, people that I wouldn't have expected were calling. Let's get together. Let's listen. Then COVID came in. We had to solve that problem. We did a great job on that. We did a phenomenal -- nobody knew what it was.

Donald Trump: But we had this rocking, and it was -- nobody's ever seen anything like it. The greatest economy in history. Everything was going good. I sat with two pollsters that said, "Sir Abraham Lincoln and George Washington, if they came back and they did a president, vice president, they couldn't beat you." That was just before COVID came in. And then even after COVID, we did an unbelievable job.

Donald Trump: The stock market was higher than it was pre-COVID. I mean, it was actually higher when I handed it off.

Harris Faulkner: Inflation when you left, 1.4%.

Donald Trump: 1.4%. And it stayed that way, and then he blew it with all of his spending, his ridiculous spending on the Green New Deal, the green new scam, which is a shame. He blew it. I gave him -- I gave him a silver platter of the -- the potential was so great. And what happened? They let millions of people pour into our country.

Donald Trump: And -- and you haven't seen one thing yet, migrant crime, because they're just getting comfortable in our country right now. The migrant crime is going to be numbers that you haven't ever witnessed before.

Harris Faulkner: So, how do you deal with that on day one?

Donald Trump: We're getting them out of here. We're getting them out. He won't get them out. We'll get them out. We're going to get them out. We're going to deal with our local police forces. We're going to get them out. We have no choice. They're going to destroy our country. But just to leave on a much more positive note, we're going to make America great again.

Donald Trump: We're going to do it fast. We're going to drill, baby, drill. We're going to get prices down. We're going to get interest rates down. We're going to get rid of crime. The crime in our cities is just breathtaking. Nobody's ever seen anything like it. And this is before the migrant crime. Look at -- look, you know, Eric Adams, I have to say, he's working very hard, but he's now got hundreds of thousands of people that just got deposited in his city.

Donald Trump: We're going to get crime down. We're going to make this country strong and greater than it's ever been, and we can do that. Right now, we have to get elected. And I think we're going to do that. Based on the polls and everything, we should be able to do that. The Democrats are in disarray. I wish them luck, but I'm focusing on one thing.

Donald Trump: Not even so much the party. I'm focusing on making this country better than it's ever been before, and I think we can do that.

Harris Faulkner: Very optimistic, very positive. Three to four hours later, we know what happened in Butler, Pennsylvania.