Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-sean-hannity-fox-radio-september-3-2024

Sean Hannity: The 45th and hopefully 47th president of the United States, Donald Trump, is with us. Mr. President, how are you, sir?

Donald Trump: What a terrible clip that was. I just listened to it, along with a lot of people that listen to you, and that was a terrible clip. Even Christmas, cheat against merry Christmas. Here we go again with that one.

Sean Hannity: When you think of all of these radical positions -- and this was supposed to be a debate tomorrow night. And, you know, we should have the courage to never say radical Islamic terrorism or illegal alien and no fracking and no drilling. Again, all in her own words. And, you know, the the rioters in 2020, they're not going to stop.

Sean Hannity: They shouldn't stop. We're not going to stop. And then, you know, promoting a bail fund, 574 riots or insurrections that summer. And then you look at her and the border, decriminalize illegal immigration and offer free housing, health care, education. And Walz wants to give free college education. But we -- we can't afford it as a country, and nor do -- are they vetting any of them.

Sean Hannity: We see murder. We see rape. We see other violent crimes and a cost that we cannot sustain over time and her position on defund, dismantle ICE and the police departments in this country. And, you know, no fracking, no drilling. I -- I don't even know where to stop. I just think these policies are extreme, radical, dangerous.

Sean Hannity: And John McLaughlin points out that a lot of the country doesn't even fully understand how radical she is yet.

Donald Trump: Well, we would have a different country if she got elected. It would be a bad country. It would be a dark, evil country. We would have a very different country. It would be a bad place, and it's just crazy that people don't understand what she represents, who she is. They know nothing about her. She doesn't talk to anybody.

Donald Trump: She doesn't go on shows because she can't answer questions properly. I mean, we're going to have her in a debate, but they barely want to do that. And it's a -- it's going to be a different country. It's going to be a very, very different country.

Sean Hannity: Why do you do all of this after all that you've been through? What is -- what is it that motivates you? And I -- I've asked you this question before, but I've asked it a little differently. In other words, I -- I don't know how America survives, honestly, if her economic proposals are put in place. I -- I don't know if we unilaterally disarm with the lifeblood of the world's economy, energy.

Sean Hannity: I -- I don't know -- I don't know how you recover from that or price gouging or gauging, as she calls it, or, you know, doubling the capital gains tax or doubling the corporate minimum tax, you know, so America's not competitive to bring businesses from around the globe, or taxing corporations and small business and unrealized capital gains.

Sean Hannity: All of it together, open borders, and now, she's offering a path to citizenship, which is amnesty. I mean -- I mean, what's this country going to look like if she ever got elected in four years, and why do you do it?

Donald Trump: Well, I do it to make America great again. We had it better than it's ever been before. You know that. And we had a great second election. We had a great first election, but we had a much better second election. And we have to win. If we don't win, we're not going to have a country anymore. That's all I can tell you.

Donald Trump: We're not going to have a country anymore. The things you're talking about now, including -- I mean, think of the open borders. We'll have 100 million people in here. And many of them, as you know, come from prisons. They come from prisons, come from mental institutions. They're terrorists. Many, many thousands, hundreds of thousands.

Donald Trump: Look at what's happening where they say, "Oh, well, you know, outsiders don't cause the same crime as the people that are here," citizens, so to speak. And you see what's happening with migrant crime. It's at numbers we've never seen before. I mean, look at what's going on in New York and Chicago and LA and all of these cities where they're putting these people.

Donald Trump: Don't forget, these people come largely, many of them, come out of jails. They come out of mental institutions. And then they say, "Well, those people are very nice." You know, they think it's like Alice in Wonderland, Alice in Wonderland where everything's so beautiful. It's not beautiful. It's really bad what's happening to our country.

Donald Trump: They're poisoning and sickening. Our country is sick. And what they're doing is just not even -- it's not comprehensible to anybody. Men in women's sports, and that's the least of it. I just say from a practical standpoint, can you imagine men in women's sports? But, open borders, they want an open border.

Donald Trump: They want to take down the wall, and they want to have an open border. Now, she's changing her policies. I mean, she's changing them, but the day -- she changed them after --

Sean Hannity: But we -- we don't really know because her campaign says that they're changing the policies. We have gone through this chapter and verse, even set up the Kamala files, the Walz files on hannity.com. The media mob has ignored this, but, you know, let's talk more about the town hall tomorrow.

Donald Trump: It's going to be a great town hall. We're going to have a lot of people show up. I hope that -- Fox has agreed to allow the whole arena to be full. I think it would be great. You know, normally, a town hall, they allow 300 people, 500 people, but I hope we can have the whole arena packed. And it'll be --

Sean Hannity: I think the secret -- I think the Secret Service capped it at like 5,000. I think it was -- or -- so, you might want to check with them.

Donald Trump: That's stupid. That's stupid.

Sean Hannity: Well, your your life -- your life has changed dramatically. I remember where I was. I remember how I felt because I've known you long -- a long time before you ever thought about getting into politics and this assassination attempt against you.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Sean Hannity: And you have spoken openly how this -- this has had a pretty deep impact on you.

Donald Trump: Well, it has had a deep impact. I like not to think about it so much. They should've had more people. You know, they'd have a big crowd for Biden, and, frankly, nobody would show up. And when I get 40,000, 50,000, 60,000 people, they had a, you know, not enough Secret Service people, frankly, that have been complaining about this for a long time.

Donald Trump: And so, now, they have a lot of people. Now, they have a lot, but they didn't have enough, and everybody understood that. Everybody knew that. But look, we got to win this election. If we don't win this election, we're not going to have the same country. You're going to have people leave. You know, people leave countries when they do taxes and taxation.

Donald Trump: And a lot of the big international corporations, they're not -- they're not for America. They're for their stockholder, I mean, to be honest. And they start playing around with capital gains taxes and other things, they move to other countries. They have many other countries that want to have these big -- these massive companies that make a fortune for the country that they're in, just in terms of employment and the amount of money that even the employees pay.

Donald Trump: But the amount of money that billions and billions of dollars have been paid, that's going to be moved out. They're going to leave the country. I mean, I see some of these proposals. They're not staying. There's no way they're going to stay.

Sean Hannity: Well, we see that actually unfolding in Great Britain now that they've had a change of government there. A controversy -- I noticed that you were attacked by Kamala and her team, and it's backfiring big time against them. And it has to do with the fact that you showed up at Arlington --

Donald Trump: I did.

Sean Hannity: National Cemetery. And the people that have -- and the people that came to your defense the most are Gold Star families, and this had to do with you visited Arlington to pay the -- respects to the 13 U.S. servicemembers that died during the disastrous withdrawal from Afghanistan.

Donald Trump: Right.

Sean Hannity: And Kamala bragged she was the last person in the room, and she's proud of her decision. But Gold Star families had apparently invited Kamala and Joe. Joe was on the beach. He was 10 minutes away. She could have gone. She did not. And they're furious at what they call her heinous, vile, disgusting post attacking you and how Biden and Harris failed and ignored us, and Donald Trump has been a rock.

Sean Hannity: And, you know, the woman that got -- you know, she and Joe get these -- these soldiers killed, and then condemn you for comforting their families, which I know you've also spoken to the families of the victims of crime at our border like Laken Riley's family and Rachel Morin's family and Jocelyn Nungaray's family. I know you've spoken to many of these families.

Donald Trump: That's right. So, they were incredible, and they called me. And this was the most embarrassing day in the history of our country, in my opinion, and moment in the history of our country where we got out and left 13 dead soldiers. We left many badly wounded, hundreds of people killed on both sides. We left Americans behind that you always talk about.

Donald Trump: You know, nobody talks about them anymore, but we left Americans behind. And, you know, very importantly, we left like $85 billion worth of brand-new, beautiful military equipment behind. It's as crazy as that is. So, we did that. In fact, they have big sellers of equipment now. They make it a fortune selling the equipment.

Donald Trump: We left it for the Taliban, for Afghanistan, and it's just a shame. And when I -- somehow, I got to meet one of the parents of the 13 that were killed needlessly because they should've left from Bagram. They had to leave the soldiers last. We had that all worked out. We were getting out. We're going to get out with strength and dignity and get out because it was a long time that we were in.

Donald Trump: But we had nobody killed in 18 months. I spoke with the head of the Taliban. It was a nice conversation, and we -- it was rough. And there was nobody killed from the time I spoke. We had nobody killed. Not one soldier was killed in 18 months, and they were totally standing back. I mean, it was like amazing.

Sean Hannity: All right. We're going to ask you. Isn't it true, in 18 months, your last 18 months as president, that not a single American soldier was killed?

Donald Trump: People can't even, to this day, believe it. Even Biden admitted it. For 18 months, not one soldier was killed. They were killing many of our soldiers and many other people. During Obama's administration, they were killing soldiers, you wouldn't believe it. A lot of soldiers, our soldiers and a lot of everything else.

Donald Trump: And what happened is when we had that election, they took over. And when they took over, what they did is so horrible to those people and to the families. And we had 13 killed, many, many badly wounded. Nobody ever talks about them. The legs, the arms, but really badly, horrifically wounded. And when they took over, it was just a whole different ball game.

Donald Trump: Abdul is the leader. Abdul, his name is. Still the leader of the Taliban. And he had a field day. When I was gone, he had a field day. And there was no apology to the families of the 13 or anybody else. There was no talking to anybody. They tried to hide it. The fake news hardly puts it out. It was the single most embarrassing day in the history of our country, but the fake news doesn't want to talk about it.

Donald Trump: They barely talk about it. They don't talk about it actually. And when you look at what's happened, Sean, and somehow the parents, I became very close to them, very close to them. I had them at Bedminster. We talked for a long time. We became close. And they asked me, would I stay and would I please come down to this ceremony at Arlington? And it was a tough day because I was really -- I was all over the place.

Donald Trump: And the answer was yes that I got there. And we had a ceremony, and then we went to the graves, which were quite a distance away. We went to the graves, and they asked me if I could have pictures taken. And I said, "Yes, I certainly can." We took pictures. And there was no conflict. Then somebody --

Sean Hannity: What -- what are you supposed to say? No? I mean, you don't say that to grieving families ever.

Donald Trump: But there was no fighting. [Inaudible] There was nobody that would say that.

Sean Hannity: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I went to the graves. The parents would say, could you take a picture at the grave of my son, sir, or my brother or my, you know, sister? The families were there, and I would take pictures of -- with the families at the different grave sites. A couple of them asked me to take it just by myself, would I take a picture? They were as happy as you can be.

Donald Trump: I mean, it was a very sad day, but it was a day of honor and --

Sean Hannity: It meant something to them. It meant -- it meant a lot to them.

Donald Trump: A lot. Yeah. Sean, just to finish, it it meant a lot to them, and I stayed long. They was amazed that I was able to stay, but I stayed long. And we talked. We talked about one -- one mother was telling me what a great arm what a great arm my son had. What -- he was a quarterback, and how strong his arm was, sir.

Donald Trump: And she was telling me about games. And, you know, it was really a beautiful thing. And I -- I understand exactly what she was saying, and it was a beautiful thing. And everything was good, and I left. And we said goodbye to everybody, and it was love, love. And they needed it because they got nothing.

Donald Trump: The White House never contacted them, never talked to them. Biden, all he does is look at his watch all the time. And nobody ever talked to him from the White House, never -- never responded to them. I heard that they were sort of invited, like, you know, they were given an invitation. They didn't come.

Donald Trump: But -- but what happened -- what happened is so horrible. If you look at just the records, there was no conflict. There was no fight. There was no anything. And I get home that night, and I get like a call that -- from one of the people that is press. "Sir, there's a story that your people got into a tremendous fight with people representing the -- the cemetery."

Donald Trump: Do you notice that the person representative, now, doesn't want to talk? He doesn't want to speak or talk? Now, the -- the nice thing, the beautiful thing was all the parents and relatives got together, and they said that's a false story. It was totally false. I get enough publicity. Believe me. I'd like to get less publicity.

Donald Trump: I don't need publicity and certainly not with these people, who I really got to know a lot of them. And they're great people. They lost their son and, in one case, a daughter. They lost their -- their children because they'll always be children. They said -- they said, my child. It'll always -- always be children to me.

Donald Trump: It's always going to be my child. And they lost their child, and they'll never be the same. And nobody even calls them from the White House. And it was the worst day. And because of that, we have -- if you take a look, because of that, we have people in Afghanistan going wild. We still don't know where our Americans are.

Donald Trump: A lot of Americans are missing. They don't know where they are. They were left there. We took the soldiers out first. But because of that, we have Russia attack Ukraine, and we have Israel be attacked on October 7th. And China is feeling very frisky. And they have no respect for her or him, and I think less for her.

Donald Trump: But with him, we were leading by a lot. I mean, I heard numbers up to even 20% after the debate. And they went to talk to him, and they said, "Listen, you have to get out." He didn't want to get out by the way. They forced him out. It was a coup. And what happened is sort of incredible. So I -- I beat him, and then now, I have to beat another one.

Donald Trump: Problem with her is nobody knows who she is. She's a Marxist. She's got horrible ideas. The country will be destroyed. She destroyed San Francisco, and she destroyed all of California. When she was the DA of San Francisco, she destroyed San Francisco. It's not even a resemblance to the same city. It's a disaster.

Donald Trump: And she destroyed the state of California as the attorney general, and we're not going to let her destroy our country. She will destroy our country.

Sean Hannity: May I ask you one last question? We continue with former President Donald Trump. We'll be with him in Harrisburg tomorrow, hannity.com for tickets. And this is my last question. Now, she does the 60-minute, 29 seconds, she speaks, in this fake news CNN interview. And we still don't know whether she would abandon the filibuster to pass the $93 trillion Green New Deal.

Sean Hannity: We still don't know if she supports decriminalizing illegal immigration and the free housing, health care, education, and path to citizenship. We still don't know whether she stands by her tweet for the bail fund for the rioters and the 574 riots in the summer of 2020. We still don't know if she stands by telling the rioters they -- they won't stop and shouldn't stop.

Sean Hannity: We still don't know if she supports Medicare for all and the elimination of private health care or not. We still don't know if she's proud of Bidenomics, which she said not that long ago. We still don't really know if she supports defunding and reimagining ICE and police departments. We still don't know whether or not she stands by her view that we should never say radical Islamic terrorism or illegal alien.

Sean Hannity: We still don't know if she stands by her tax on, you know, corporations, small businesses, capital gains, unrealized capital gains, the largest tax increase in American history. We still don't know if, you know, she really means her -- what she said about changing her view on fracking. And it's really a lot of this goes down to I -- you know, I feel like a voice in the wilderness sometimes because I keep playing a plethora of her radicalism in her own words, and the media won't touch it.

Sean Hannity: So, you have to bypass the media and get this information out. What -- what is your plan in this, you know, as we now head into early voting and voting in Pennsylvania to get it -- to get this information in the hands of voters?

Donald Trump: All we can do is do shows like yours and do as much media as possible, get the word out. And when people hear who she is, they don't want to vote for her. But, you know, we don't have a long -- we have, not [Inaudible], 60 days. We don't have a long time. The votes start going very shortly, and we have to -- we have to be prepared to fight very hard.

Donald Trump: Look, she's going to destroy our country. If she's elected, our country will be a different place. It'll be a disaster. And she's not capable to be it. And she didn't -- she didn't win the nomination. I mean, she lost. She was -- out of 22 people, she was the first one that lost. She was the first one out, never made it to Iowa.

Donald Trump: Now, she's running. So, the whole thing is a mess, and our country is a mess. People are pouring into our country by the millions and millions, and they're the wrong people for the most part. It's horrible what's happening to our country. Think of it. They're emptying out their jails and prisons all over the world and letting them come into the United States.

Donald Trump: They're taking their prison. They're taking the worst criminals in gangs, MS-13, in the gangs all over the world, not just in South America, all over the world, 158 countries as of last week. Think of that. A hundred --

Sean Hannity: Unbelievable.

Donald Trump: Taking -- they're taking the --

Sean Hannity: I hate to tell you, the number is a little higher. My number is at 180. A hundred and eighty countries, many with terror ties with our top geopolitical foes. Mr. President, look forward to seeing you tomorrow. I will see you in -- I will see you in Pennsylvania. I want to mention, you have a new book out.

Sean Hannity: And I was able to get a early copy of the book. And I got to tell you something. It really is amazing. It's -- it's your presidency in -- in pictures. It's, you know -- you know, it's filled with iconic moments. It's called Save America, and it's just released today. Forty-five books -- it's 45books.com is where to get it.

Donald Trump: That's right. You can get it anywhere, but it's the least important part of our conversation is the book. The book is great. It's wonderful, but we got to win this election. Because if we don't win this election, you won't have books anymore. You won't be doing anything. You have a dead country. This country is dying fast with these people.

Donald Trump: They don't know what the hell they're doing. And in many cases, they're very bad people, very, very bad people with bad meaning. So, we have to win, and I'll see you tomorrow night. And we'll explain. And, hopefully, during the election, people will -- by the time of the election, people will understand that we're dealing with Marxist philosophy, which never worked anywhere.

Donald Trump: And we'll do a job, and we'll have an interesting evening tomorrow.

Sean Hannity: I'm looking forward to it, President Donald Trump. Thank you, sir. And look forward to seeing you in Harrisburg. Tickets on hannity.com. And the book, by the way, we'll have a link on hannity.com for that, as well -- as well as the Kamala files, the Walz files that the media is hiding from everybody.

Sean Hannity: Mr. President, thank you, sir. We appreciate you being with us.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, Sean. Thank you.