Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-calaway-lyda-six-feet-under-podcast-october-21-2024

Donald Trump: How long are you married?

Mark Calaway: I have been married for 14 years.

Donald Trump: Good.

Mark Calaway: Yes.

Donald Trump: Is this your second marriage?

Mark Calaway: Well, who counts? Numbers, numbers.

Donald Trump: The second --

Mark Calaway: Numbers.

Donald Trump: The second. All right. You can cut that part out. This -- this sounds like it's going to get a little bit too -- too tense.

Mark Calaway: I think, you know -- I mean, I think you can relate, like we both have kind of --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Mark Calaway: You know, maybe outkicked our coverage. The last time I saw you was at WrestleMania 29 at MetLife.

Donald Trump: Right.

Mark Calaway: You were -- I -- I have to -- I got to -- I have to kind of apologize. You were there. My family was there.

Donald Trump: Right.

Mark Calaway: And they -- they'd come to you and asked if you would move one row back so that my family could come watch my match.

Donald Trump: Oh, yes.

Mark Calaway: And you were gracious enough --

Donald Trump: I bet I did it.

Mark Calaway: You -- you did. You were gracious enough to -- to move back. Well, the problem was I was like -- I -- there's a -- there's an iconic picture --

Donald Trump: Right.

Mark Calaway: Of I'm actually laid out on a table and --

Donald Trump: Right.

Mark Calaway: And CM Punk was about to drop an elbow on me.

Donald Trump: Right.

Mark Calaway: And I'm looking at this picture and one of my dearest closest friends was sitting with my family. His name's David. He works for Georgia-Pacific.

Donald Trump: Right.

Mark Calaway: And I'm looking at this picture and I see him and then I can see you trying to -- he's got an enormous head.

Donald Trump: Right.

Mark Calaway: And I can see --

Donald Trump: I mean, I --

Mark Calaway: I can see you trying to -- trying to peek around him. And I was like are you kidding me? You couldn't -- you couldn't squat down enough so Mr. Trump could see -- see the match?

Donald Trump: That's great.

Mark Calaway: But anyway, I have to apologize for the enormity of my -- my -- one of my closest friend's heads.

Donald Trump: Well, the big thing, we had the Battle of the Billionaires, and that was with --

Mark Calaway: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Vince and me. And, you know, we each had our wrestler. He had --

Mark Calaway: Umaga.

Donald Trump: Umaga.

Mark Calaway: Yeah, Umaga.

Donald Trump: We had two good guys, and they wrestled. And fortunately, my guy won, and the loser had the hair shaved. I said, "I don't want to have my hair shaved," and -- but we actually -- actually wrestled a little bit. You remember?

Mark Calaway: Yeah, you mixed it up a little bit.

Donald Trump: Pretty -- no, it was a pretty famous thing. But I think it has your all-time record for -- for --

Mark Calaway: Pay-per-view buys.

Donald Trump: For everything.

Mark Calaway: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's --

Mark Calaway: It was a huge -- it was a huge event. Yeah.

Donald Trump: Yeah, it was a big one. But you went down just before me. And the entrance into the ring is the greatest entrance into any arena that I've seen, OK? And I -- I don't think it's going to even be topped, the whole thing, the music, the whole deal. And he -- and by the way, he's a dynamic guy. When he does this, he's very, you know, slow and easy and, you know.

Donald Trump: You're supposed to act -- well, you're supposed to be a dead man. So, you know, you're acting sort of dead.

Mark Calaway: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And it's one of the greats, and that's why I'm surprised because you're a quick guy. You know, you're -- you move quick. But in the ring, he just sort of moved around. And you left just before us, and the place was going crazy. I said, "That's a very tough act to follow. I'm not sure if I --" And I didn't realize how big you were.

Donald Trump: I figured you were big, but not that big. So, I'm standing with Vince, and they had other wrestlers in the room. It's like essentially the green room.

Mark Calaway: Right.

Donald Trump: It was up high.

Mark Calaway: Right.

Donald Trump: And you walked by me and said, "Hello, sir." And I said this guy is really big. How tall are you, by the way?

Mark Calaway: Right now, probably I've lost a little bit through the years, but I'm --

Donald Trump: Do you -- you do lose a little.

Mark Calaway: Around at 6'8".

Donald Trump: 6'8".

Mark Calaway: Yeah, my disc have been a little bit compressed --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Mark Calaway: Through the years.

Donald Trump: Can you -- you get compressed.

Mark Calaway: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Well, that's normal. They say you get compressed and your feet get bigger. Did you ever hear of that?

Mark Calaway: Well, I've always had big feet. Yeah, my dad --

Donald Trump: Yeah, but -- yeah, you do have big feet.

Mark Calaway: Used to -- yeah, my -- my dad used to tell me, he said, "You'd have been tall, boy, if you hadn't to give up so much for foundation."

Donald Trump: That's right.

Mark Calaway: So --

Donald Trump: But I said this guy is really big, and you were wrestling a good guy that night. Do you remember?

Mark Calaway: I do remember. Yeah.

Donald Trump: He's a good specimen guy, and --

Mark Calaway: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And it was great. But I said, "How do we beat this, Vince? What -- what are you doing? Why don't we go before them? We should go before them." But we had a -- we had -- that was a great evening. And I think it set -- I don't know if it still has. I think it still has your record.

Mark Calaway: It was -- yeah, it was a -- it was a big night. It was -- it was in Detroit. Yeah.

Matthew Lyda: WrestleMania 23, right?

Donald Trump: Well, I have a son who is 6'9". Can you imagine I have a son who's an inch taller than if you say? So, you were probably at super height 6'9"?

Mark Calaway: Yeah, I was probably right there at 6'9".

Donald Trump: So, 6'9", like 360?

Mark Calaway: Three hundred thirty. I kind of topped out at 330. That was --

Donald Trump: I see. Pretty good.

Mark Calaway: I felt like that was my --

Donald Trump: And what do you weigh now?

Mark Calaway: I'm probably 305 right now.

Donald Trump: Wow.

Mark Calaway: Yeah.

Donald Trump: That's not bad, right?

Mark Calaway: No, it's -- it's easier.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Mark Calaway: I'm -- I'm trying not to replace any more joints, so --

Donald Trump: Right. As a wrestler, you really lose a lot of joints, don't you? You really have.

Mark Calaway: Yeah. I mean, it's -- the body is not made to -- to take that --

Donald Trump: No.

Mark Calaway: On.

Donald Trump: Not the falls.

Mark Calaway: And -- and then, you know, most people don't realize the -- the schedule that we kept back then, too, which was on the road over 200 days a year, and that's in the ring, so --

Donald Trump: So, how do you -- I've always wondered because it's -- whether it's, you know, fun or, you know, entertainment or -- you're still getting slammed around, right?

Mark Calaway: Yeah -- like yeah.

Donald Trump: Does that ring take great absorption? In other words --

Mark Calaway: Well, it's funny, when -- when Vince started getting in the ring and mixing it up a little bit, the rings got a little bit softer.

Donald Trump: Yeah, right.

Mark Calaway: Before that, it would be just like taking a fall on this floor. I mean, they were --

Donald Trump: Really?

Mark Calaway: They were really hard.

Donald Trump: Well, how did you do that? So, that was -- wow. That's a --

Mark Calaway: Yeah, you're --

Donald Trump: That's --

Mark Calaway: You just -- it's a crazy thing, and you just condition your body to it where you don't even -- after you do it so much, you just don't even think about it.

Donald Trump: How often did it -- I mean, I know you're supposed to interview me, but I find it very interesting. How often did it happen where somebody gets really angry? In other words, you hit a guy accidentally the wrong way or something and -- and he's had it. And these are tough guys to start off with.

Mark Calaway: Right.

Donald Trump: You know, they're not babies. How often did it happen where you're fighting somebody and you made a mistake and you really got -- and he gets angry and he's -- and he really goes at you?

Mark Calaway: Yeah. You know, back in the day, like -- so I started with -- with Vince in 1990. But before that, you know, in the late '80s and stuff like that, guys were really salty, and they didn't -- they didn't take too many -- you know, you're supposed to be a professional.

Donald Trump: Right.

Mark Calaway: Usually, guys would -- you'd think, well, if he hit me like that, then, you know, it was for a reason. So, you know, you'd get a -- they'd mix it up in the ring for a little bit and then they'd get back in the locker room and --

Donald Trump: And what would happen? The guys would run into the ring and stop it, right?

Mark Calaway: It depends.

Donald Trump: I was told, when you had a lot of guys running into the ring --

Mark Calaway: Usually --

Donald Trump: That usually meant that there was a problem.

Mark Calaway: Usually, when that happens, it's part of the -- it's part of the show. When -- when guys are actually --

Donald Trump: So, what -- what stops somebody from going nuts and -- and really -- you know, really starting a real fight?

Mark Calaway: Yeah. Probably losing their job. Yeah. I mean, you have to -- you know, what -- what we do is hard enough, but if you go in there and start taking liberties with somebody and -- and are starting trouble and having fights, you're not going to be around long. I mean, it's -- you -- you have to have a cohesive unit of guys.

Mark Calaway: You don't have to like each other. You know, I -- I think, you know, it's like politics. You don't --

Donald Trump: Right.

Mark Calaway: You don't have to like each other, but you have to be professional enough to work with each other.

Donald Trump: Do you -- did you like some of these guys a lot or not really?

Mark Calaway: Yes. No, a lot of the guys I'm -- I'm really close with. And then there are some guys that I don't care much for and -- but it's -- it's kind of like the way I wish politics would get back to.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Mark Calaway: You know, you -- I may not agree with you, but I can -- I can share a dressing room with you, I can shake your hand, and we can do business. And that's -- you know, that's how it is. There are some guys that you kind of naturally you gravitate towards --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Mark Calaway: And become friends with. And I had a group of guys that we [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: So, how many years have you done it?

Mark Calaway: So, I had a in-ring career of right at 34, 35 years.

Donald Trump: That's -- I mean, that's amazing, and you're still in one piece.

Mark Calaway: I'm in one piece. I got some new -- I got some new parts. I got some new knees. I got new hips.

Donald Trump: Does every wrestler end up essentially having to get new parts?

Mark Calaway: At some point, usually, you're going to have something that needs to be replaced. There's very few guys that get out unscathed, and, you know, that's --

Donald Trump: You ever get hurt so badly that you basically can't continue the match and you got to be like literally helped out and carried out?

Mark Calaway: It -- it happens. It -- it happens, and it's just part of -- what most people don't realize, Mr. President, is that although we're entertainment --

Donald Trump: Right.

Mark Calaway: But in any given match, you're two inches away from something really catastrophic happening.

Donald Trump: Absolutely.

Mark Calaway: And then when you -- when you figure the amount of dates per year that you -- that you work, I mean, that really goes up exponentially, you know, the -- the risk factor.

Donald Trump: So, you'd work 200 days a year.

Mark Calaway: I had a -- I had an eight-year stretch where I averaged about 220 dates a year.

Donald Trump: That's amazing. And that you can -- you can just keep going. That's amazing.

Mark Calaway: Yeah, you just kind of get in that zone. Your body kind of gets used to the -- the trauma, and you don't feel right. Actually, if you -- if you go home for too long, you kind of get restless and your body feels too good.

Donald Trump: Oh, really?

Mark Calaway: And you think I got to go -- I got to -- I got to go back to work.

Donald Trump: That's -- that's -- that's a great -- well, you had a great career. Fantastic.

Mark Calaway: Well, I -- I appreciate that. I -- I really do.

Donald Trump: And really, people -- people love you. That's why -- so I heard they said -- and -- and I heard you were a fan. I don't want to say, but I heard you were like a political fan of mine, and -- and I appreciated that. But I said he is -- he was such an incredible athlete entertainer, because it's in entertaining.

Donald Trump: You have a lot of great athletes, they can't entertain, you might as well forget it in your sport, right?

Mark Calaway: Yeah, there's a -- there's a lot, and that's what most people don't really grasp. I mean, you can be a great athlete and not excel. You've got to have the -- you've got to have the whole -- the whole package. You have to basically -- and I think you've been a master of this, you got to make people care.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Mark Calaway: You got to make them care one way or another. Either they love you or they hate you.

Donald Trump: So, who do you think -- outside of you, who do you think was the greatest combination of athlete entertainer, etc., etc.? Who was -- who was the greatest of the -- the couple of greatest that you've seen?

Mark Calaway: My goodness, there's Stone Cold Steve Austin.

Donald Trump: Right.

Mark Calaway: He was up there. You'd have to -- you'd have to put Hulk Hogan in there.

Donald Trump: Right.

Mark Calaway: And, you know, Ric Flair.

Donald Trump: Right.

Mark Calaway: You know, those are guys that just kind of off the top of my head could captivate you with what they had to say, deliver a performance in the ring, and then --

Donald Trump: Now, you were much too young, Haystacks Calhoun, right?

Mark Calaway: Oh, yeah, yeah.

Donald Trump: Right? Did you ever -- you -- you were too young.

Mark Calaway: Yeah, yeah, I think a little before my time.

Donald Trump: But -- but he weighed like 500 and something.

Mark Calaway: He was a big man.

Donald Trump: He was.

Mark Calaway: He was a big man.

Donald Trump: He was a big one.

Mark Calaway: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Let's see. You had a lot of beauties out there.

Mark Calaway: I -- I had my share of giants, you know, that Vince used to feed them all to me when I first came up.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Mark Calaway: Like, if there was a giant, there was a monster --

Donald Trump: Right.

Mark Calaway: They were coming my way first. And -- and if I could work with them, then he might let -- that he would let Hogan or somebody else work. But I had to -- I had to break them in. [Begin videotape]

Matthew Lyda: Mark, in an economy like this --

Mark Calaway: Yes.

Matthew Lyda: Something that you and I hate more than anything is debt.

Mark Calaway: Hate debt.

Matthew Lyda: Debt is a bad thing. It's bad for the -- for our society. It's bad for the citizens. It's just bad for your finances.

Mark Calaway: It's bad for business.

Matthew Lyda: Bad for business. Debt is a bad thing. But we partnered up with some friends of ours over at PDS. And let me tell you something, it's a very uncomfortable situation when you talk about debt. Nobody wants to talk about it.

Mark Calaway: Nobody wants to talk about debt.

Matthew Lyda: Nobody wants to talk about it, but it's time to just be honest with yourself, and it's time to be honest with your finances. You're never going to get out of debt unless you become financial -- financially smart. And that's where PDS is going to help you out, OK?

Mark Calaway: What do they do?

Matthew Lyda: Well, you know, during the holidays, people get in more debt than any other time of the year. Last year, half of American consumers took on debt to pay for the holidays. This year, that could be. It could be me. But it's never too early to start planning to get out of debt, and our friends at PDS Debt can help with a personalized solution just for you.

Matthew Lyda: If you're making payments every month on your debt and your balances aren't going down, PDS has the solution. Everyone with $10,000 or more in eligible debt qualifies. There's no minimum credit score required. Bad and fair credit accepted.

Mark Calaway: Wow.

Matthew Lyda: Save more while paying off your debt in a fraction of the time. We've all been in debt.

Mark Calaway: Yup.

Matthew Lyda: You were in debt when you started wrestling.

Mark Calaway: Oh, my gosh, yes. I was seriously -- yes.

Matthew Lyda: Just trying to --

Mark Calaway: Major debt. Yeah.

Matthew Lyda: Just trying to make it. You could have used PDS Debt.

Mark Calaway: I could have really used PDS back then.

Matthew Lyda: You couldn't even -- you couldn't get a good hotel room.

Mark Calaway: Hotel, what's that?

Matthew Lyda: Card -- credit cards maxed out.

Mark Calaway: All -- all $300.

Matthew Lyda: Struggling.

Mark Calaway: That limit I had, yup.

Matthew Lyda: Well, we want to let our listeners know, I want you to start planning today. We want to help you get out of debt. PDS wants to help you get out of debt. Get a debt free analysis right now at pdsdebt.com/sixfeet. It only takes 30 seconds. That is P-D-S-D-E-B-T .com/sixfeet, pdsdebt.com/sixfeet. Ladies and gentlemen, please get your finances in order.

Matthew Lyda: This is important. If there's ever an ad that's more important -- this is the most important. This is very important.

Mark Calaway: Yes. Yeah, your finances, you got to have them in check.

Matthew Lyda: Yes.

Mark Calaway: PDS. Man, they'll help you out.

Matthew Lyda: pds.com/sixfeet. Thank you, PDS, for sponsoring Six Feet Under. [End videotape]

Donald Trump: How's it doing now? Are there any great stars now?

Mark Calaway: Yeah. We're kind of getting into an era again. We -- we had kind of a turnover where my generation moved out --

Donald Trump: Right.

Mark Calaway: And -- but we've got guys like Roman Reigns, who just had an incredible title reign. We've got another young guy by the name of Gunther, who's going to be really special. Cody Rhodes is out there. The son of Dusty Rhodes.

Donald Trump: Oh, good.

Mark Calaway: So, yeah, we -- the business itself is in a really, really, really good spot. And then, you know, we just had the -- the merger with UFC --

Donald Trump: Right. That's good.

Mark Calaway: And TKO. Oh, my goodness, yeah. It's been --

Donald Trump: Do you know Dana White? Are you --

Mark Calaway: Oh, yeah, I know, Dana.

Donald Trump: Will you be working with Dana at all?

Mark Calaway: No, we're -- they're --

Donald Trump: Separate.

Mark Calaway: Separate companies, but under --

Donald Trump: So, who's -- who's running it? Who's running it?

Mark Calaway: Ari Emanuel is the -- is the --

Donald Trump: Ari is excellent.

Mark Calaway: Yeah. He's the -- he's the big dog and Dana runs the UFC side and then Nick Khan, he runs -- he runs the WWE side.

Donald Trump: Good. It's a very different kind of a thing, but very similar, actually, right?

Mark Calaway: It is. It really is. You know, obviously --

Donald Trump: How do revenues there versus UFC? Is it --

Mark Calaway: Our revenue, I mean, right now, it is crazy. They are selling out.

Donald Trump: Your revenue that -- your revenue is --

Mark Calaway: My revenue?

Donald Trump: Meaning, for the -- for the wrestling.

Mark Calaway: Oh, yeah.

Donald Trump: It's doing well?

Mark Calaway: For wrestling, it's doing -- it's doing crazy.

Donald Trump: Really?

Matthew Lyda: Maybe better than ever.

Mark Calaway: Yeah, absolutely.

Donald Trump: Isn't that incredible?

Matthew Lyda: Yeah.

Mark Calaway: It really is. Sold out everywhere. And we're doing a lot of international stuff now, merchandise.

Donald Trump: So, does that compare with UFC then in terms of revenue, you think?

Mark Calaway: You know, I don't really -- I don't know their numbers very well, but I know that the -- that the stock is doing -- is doing really well and the company as a whole --

Donald Trump: That's good.

Mark Calaway: Is -- is doing really well.

Matthew Lyda: It outperforms everyone on social media as well.

Mark Calaway: It's -- yeah, it's always --

Matthew Lyda: So, the WWE social media outperforms NFL, MLB.

Donald Trump: Really?

Matthew Lyda: NBA, everyone.

Donald Trump: Wow.

Matthew Lyda: Yes. Over 100 million subscribers.

Donald Trump: These are the characters. In other words, these are the people. Like, your social media is very big, right?

Mark Calaway: I guess. I don't -- I got to -- I'm not --

Donald Trump: You're not into it?

Mark Calaway: Is my social media big?

Matthew Lyda: It's pretty big.

Mark Calaway: OK. All right.

Matthew Lyda: It's doing well.

Donald Trump: Who's the biggest on social media?

Matthew Lyda: The Rock.

Mark Calaway: Oh, The Rock, yes.

Matthew Lyda: Yeah.

Mark Calaway: Yeah. Dwayne Johnson.

Donald Trump: You know, he was great. I never thought he liked me and I felt badly because I think he's a terrific guy. And then Dana White said, when I was shot -- I took a shot to the ear. You may have heard about it.

Matthew Lyda: Yeah.

Mark Calaway: I was going to ask you about it, actually.

Matthew Lyda: I heard some ramblings about this, yes.

Donald Trump: The Rock called Dana and said, "I want to have his number. I want to have his number. What he did is sort of incredible." You know, he considered it bravery. I don't know. To me, I considered it like what's going on here. But it was very nice, actually, The Rock. So, you might mention that I said that. Do you speak to him at all?

Mark Calaway: Occasionally. I saw him --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Mark Calaway: I saw him in April.

Donald Trump: Yeah, it was very good.

Mark Calaway: I was going to ask --

Donald Trump: Well, he's doing -- he's doing great, right?

Mark Calaway: Yeah. He is a -- he's a workaholic. He -- he -- no dust settles on -- on him.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Mark Calaway: He's got his hands in a lot of different things. Yeah, I was -- I was going to ask you. I mean, you're a billionaire.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Mark Calaway: You've got a beautiful wife, very intelligent. You've got a wonderful family. And you got people shooting at you. You don't have to do this.

Donald Trump: That's true.

Mark Calaway: I mean --

Donald Trump: I don't have to do this.

Mark Calaway: You don't -- you don't have to do this.

Donald Trump: I said what am I doing sometimes? Why am I doing this? Yeah.

Mark Calaway: But -- but you are.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Mark Calaway: And I mean, I think, you know, people get in the media and everything else, they -- they get everything so, twisted. But it takes a special -- it takes a special human being to sit on a podium, take a bullet, and get up bleeding with your hand raised in the air.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Mark Calaway: And let you -- let them know that -- you know, the moment right now is bigger than that.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Mark Calaway: You know, I just -- I -- I don't know. I mean, what possesses you to -- to put your life on the line when you don't -- you don't have to? You -- you have a wonderful life and you've got a tremendous legacy.

Donald Trump: Well, leaving behind that, I -- I sometimes joke with the crowds because we get very big crowds. We had 107,000 in Butler. That's where the accident took place. We had 55,000. When we went back a couple of months later, we had -- just the other -- you know, two weeks ago, we had 107,000. We had 101,000 in California --

Mark Calaway: That's incredible.

Donald Trump: Three days ago. Big crowds. Big crowds. And, you know, abnormally big because no politician ever had these crowds. I don't even know what it is exactly. I can't explain it, why -- why am I getting -- you know, it's like why? But I sometimes say, "I don't have to be here with you. I could be in Monte Carlo and the beaches. I could have everything. I don't need this. But I'd rather be in Butler, Pennsylvania with you."

Donald Trump: You know. And it's true, actually, because -- look, I have a lot of wealthy friends and they go to these places, and, you know, most of them are unhappy and all that stuff. But, you know, I feel I have a purpose, and that's to rebuild our country. This country is doing so badly. The border -- I mean, I don't know what your politics are or is, but your politics are just common sense.

Donald Trump: We have murderers pouring into our country. We have drug dealers pouring in. Just -- just the border. There are many things wrong, but just the border. I think the border is worse than inflation. I think it's -- I think it's the biggest thing. To me, it's -- you know, like we're now in a -- I don't know when this is going on and I wish you luck with it.

Donald Trump: I know you're going to get high ratings. I used to think I was a big person, but I don't feel so big standing next to this guy. This guy is big.

Mark Calaway: Well --

Donald Trump: But my son would feel better, although he's not quite as wide as you, I will say.

Matthew Lyda: He'll grow into it.

Donald Trump: He will be.

Matthew Lyda: Yeah.

Donald Trump: He will be someday. But -- but I feel I have an obligation to do this. I had four great years. I was -- you know, we had the best economy we've ever had as a country. We had the strongest borders we've ever had in recorded history. I guess they might have been very strong a thousand years ago or something.

Donald Trump: But we had the strongest borders. We -- we were hitting on all -- I rebuilt the military, got the biggest tax cuts in history, got the biggest regulation cuts in history. Really doing great. And then we had a crazy election where I did much better than the first time. And if I didn't have that, I wouldn't -- I probably wouldn't have done this because it showed that there's a lot of love out there.

Donald Trump: We got hit with COVID. You know, the -- the whole thing, the whole world got hit with COVID --

Mark Calaway: Right.

Donald Trump: Which is the China virus to be exact. But -- and got hit hard. There's never been anything like it. Who would have ever thought of the word pandemic? I heard the word, but you never thought -- it was like a modern-day, you figure. Nowadays, you take a shot and you're fine, right?

Mark Calaway: Right.

Donald Trump: It goes -- everyone is fine. But we had a -- you know, it's an ancient form of a disease. In 2017, it killed 100 million people. And we could have lost 100 million people, too, pretty easily. We lost many millions of people all over the world. So, we got hit with that. We had a crazy election, which was -- I won't get into it because I don't want to get you in any controversy because you like no controversy. That election was so rigged.

Matthew Lyda: There's not too many people ---

Mark Calaway: We're here.

Matthew Lyda: There's not too many people trying to argue with this guy.

Donald Trump: No. That election -- well, that's good. Nobody's going to say, "Hey, let's take it outside," right? No. But -- so, I got more votes than any sitting president in the history of the country by millions, right? And they say we didn't win. You know, it was a diversion. But it was a COVID thing. Look, you couldn't get security.

Donald Trump: Nobody wanted to go outside. Big guys like you would say, "I'm not going to be secured." You couldn't get anybody. It was like people didn't want to die.

Mark Calaway: Right.

Donald Trump: It was a bad -- it was right in the middle of that. And now, I'm running again, and I'm leading. And I beat Biden. And they -- they saw he was getting beaten. It's sort of like it's a little unfair and it's sort of not really what democracy is all about. But Biden got 14 million votes. He deserved to -- to, you know, run it out and see.

Donald Trump: And they took it away. They actually took away his presidency if you think about it.

Matthew Lyda: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It was a -- they call it a coup, but it was -- they actually took away his presidency and they gave it to this one, and this one is worse than him. And we're leading now, but we have to see if we can do it. We got to do it. With him, I was leading by a lot. It was sort of over. And they went to him and they said, "You're not going to win and we're going to replace you." You think of that.

Mark Calaway: That's --

Donald Trump: That's -- that's a --

Mark Calaway: That's a -- that's a coup.

Donald Trump: No, they took it away. OK. Now, think of me. I spent $150 million that we're raging. We're doing great. We're against Biden. We have the debate. It was a good debate. He goes down. And now, I have to fight somebody else. That's like you going into the ring and you're beating the hell out of somebody and they call up and they say, "Get that guy out of the ring. We'll put somebody else in for a while."

Mark Calaway: Right. Yeah.

Donald Trump: Right? You got to fight two guys instead of one.

Matthew Lyda: That's a good analogy.

Donald Trump: So, we have -- we have a second one that we started. Well, no, but the whole focus was on this one man because it's a one man. You know, it's one thing. And then the debate was like a big deal, and that's over. And you think you have it won. And all of a sudden, they replace. And then the new person always has a honeymoon period.

Donald Trump: So, she got six weeks of a honeymoon period. Everybody thought good. They didn't think good of her before. In fact, she was the last of 13 people that was going to be chosen. But they want to be politically correct, so they picked this person. And she's not qualified. She got no votes. You know, she -- she dropped out.

Donald Trump: You know, she ran against Biden and she dropped out. She got no votes. They had 13 people. She was No. 13. And they picked her. And I guess that's OK. I don't know. The process is pretty, pretty crazy. You know, when they say threat to democracy, that's really a threat to democracy.

Mark Calaway: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I'm not a threat to democracy. That is.

Mark Calaway: I guess you need to ask Joe Biden what a threat to democracy is at this point.

Donald Trump: He's an angry guy.

Matthew Lyda: So, Mr. President, you know, with the fact that, you know, in the polls right now, you've got Fox, you've got CNN, you've got all these different polls out there that nobody really knows what to trust and what not to trust. But there's polls out there like with Polymarket where people could literally bet on the actual election and it's from the people.

Matthew Lyda: You're up by 20 percent. Now, a month ago, you were only up by 10 percent, and there's been over $2.1 billion that has been put on you to win this election from the people. And you've tweeted about it. You've been talking about Polymarket. Why -- why do you think there's been such a swing in this -- in the odds right now of you winning over Vice President Harris?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I think they got to know her, that she's incompetent, that she's a Marxist. You could say communist. A lot of people don't know what a Marxist is, but they say, "Could you use another word?" I said, "How about communist?"

Mark Calaway: Doesn't get any better, does it?

Donald Trump: I don't think you're a big communist fan.

Mark Calaway: No, I'm not.

Donald Trump: What do you think?

Mark Calaway: No.

Donald Trump: I don't think --

Matthew Lyda: I don't think he is.

Donald Trump: I don't think --

Matthew Lyda: I hang out with him a good bit. I don't think he is.

Mark Calaway: Yeah, I'm from Texas. We don't have those there.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Mark Calaway: You know.

Donald Trump: You know, when I walked -- when I first met you, you were walking down to the -- getting ready to walk down to the rink, and I was surprised at how big you were. And the other wrestlers were in the room. And I was going to be following him. And they all called him Taker and they said -- it was sort of cool.

Donald Trump: They said, "Have a good time, Taker." They were talking about Taker. And I said that's a cool name. They call him -- they don't call him Undertaker, they say. You know, they're your friends, right?

Mark Calaway: Yup.

Donald Trump: The other wrestlers, they're sitting around waiting, and they're saying, "Have a good time, Taker." He said, "I will indeed. I will indeed." I said that's pretty cool.

Mark Calaway: Yeah, Taker is a little easier.

Donald Trump: Do they call you Taker?

Mark Calaway: Yeah, either call me Taker or Deadman.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Mark Calaway: Those are a couple of my --my --

Donald Trump: Deadman, just --

Mark Calaway: Yeah. [Begin videotape] Thank you DraftKings for sponsoring this episode. UFC 308 is coming down this weekend in the Octagon, and you are not going to want to miss it. You could make Fight Night even more exciting by getting into the action with my partners at DraftKings.

Matthew Lyda: DraftKings.

Mark Calaway: And right now, all new customers who bet $5 will instantly get $200.

Matthew Lyda: That's a great value.

Mark Calaway: It's a $200 in bonus bets, buddy.

Matthew Lyda: You can't beat it.

Mark Calaway: That's -- that's big time from DraftKings right there. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app and sign up using my promo code Six Feet.

Matthew Lyda: Six Feet. Yes, sir.

Mark Calaway: The crown is yours.

Matthew Lyda: Is yours.

Mark Calaway: Money.

Matthew Lyda: Thank you, DraftKings. [End videotape]

Mark Calaway: I was going to -- I don't -- not to go back to a sore subject, but back to -- to Butler --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Mark Calaway: I was curious if you were going to have maybe a portrait made out of the chart and hang it on the wall at Mar-a-Lago.

Donald Trump: You know, it's -- there have been so many portraits of -- and some are genius and some are terrible. You know how it's like. It's got to be the most -- you know, look, it's amazing because I'm alive. It's not supposed to be -- you're not supposed to be alive for iconic, but they say it's the most -- I think Iwo Jima --

Mark Calaway: Yes.

Donald Trump: Is right there.

Mark Calaway: Yeah, absolutely.

Donald Trump: They took a lot of bullets --

Mark Calaway: Yes.

Donald Trump: Putting up the flag, right? But I will -- I will say that I have never seen anything like it. I -- I get paintings every day, paintings. Some are really good, and some, you know, aren't good. Some are not great artists. But I've never seen anything like it, actually. I had that with my mug shot but to a lesser extent. The mug shot was big.

Mark Calaway: That was a big one.

Donald Trump: Now, the mug shot -- you know I had the mug shot. So, you know who was -- who was No. 1? It was Elvis Presley. Did you know that he was arrested --

Matthew Lyda: The mug shot. Yeah.

Donald Trump: For something. And that was the biggest. And then Frank Sinatra was second. A lot of big mug shots. He was -- he got into a brawl with -- had to do with booze and women.

Mark Calaway: They'll do it every time.

Donald Trump: And he -- that can do it.

Mark Calaway: Every time.

Donald Trump: It's a bad combination, right? That'll do it.

Mark Calaway: That'll do it.

Donald Trump: Never for you, though.

Mark Calaway: No, sir.

Matthew Lyda: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: Are you a drinker at all?

Mark Calaway: I've been known to partake in a -- in a drink or two, not -- not -- not as much now as I used to. But yeah, I've -- I've pulled it back a little -- a lot.

Donald Trump: We have -- we had that crazy mug shot. And as soon as I saw it, I said, "That's really unusual." When I went in, I said -- I wonder, do I smile and say screw you or do I just act angry? And I thought the smile wasn't appropriate. It was so bad. A lot of people said, "You know what you do? Just smile."

Donald Trump: I didn't, so I was scowling. And he knows all about scowling. That's what he did.

Mark Calaway: Yeah.

Donald Trump: He scowled.

Mark Calaway: I made a career out of scowling.

Donald Trump: You made a big career out of your scowling. But anyway, so I did. But that thing went crazy.

Mark Calaway: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It was like 400 million -- 400 million hits. But this picture, I think, is even maybe bigger, right, this picture?

Mark Calaway: It's -- it set you. Yeah.

Donald Trump: I see myself being shot every single day no matter when. Now, you -- I just left -- I was watching something and they have this picture on, the whole act. You know, the whole thing where -- you know, from the time you get shot with, you know, and I'm following my hand down and somebody obviously is screaming get down as bullets, right, because it -- otherwise it's almost too perfect because the way you followed it.

Mark Calaway: Right.

Donald Trump: But I look at my hand, there's blood all over my hand. I said that's either the biggest mosquito in history or I got shot.

Mark Calaway: You know, Butler has got some big mosquitoes.

Donald Trump: Yeah, that's right. Butler is -- yeah, probably does.

Matthew Lyda: Mr. President, what was the conversation with your family afterwards, though, because that's a scary situation.

Donald Trump: So, I knew -- I knew that -- it's funny. You know the surreal experience kind of thing?

Mark Calaway: Right.

Donald Trump: Or I don't know if you've ever experienced it, but a lot of people do where something happens that's so big -- and don't forget, I had thousands and more than you have at wrestling matches, you know, times three if you fill up an arena. You know, I had thousands of people out there. So, number one, it's sort of embarrassing.

Donald Trump: You know, you're speaking, and all of a sudden, you're getting down on the floor. The -- a lot of amazing things happened. Number one, the -- the -- you could call them fans, but the patriots -- they're really patriots -- they didn't move, and there were a lot of shots fired, at least eight.

Mark Calaway: Right.

Donald Trump: Right? That's a lot. And the crowd control expert said that -- one, in particular, said it's amazing because when they hear bullets, they know bullets, the fans break up, and they stampede. And they -- they really stampede, and people get killed from -- nobody left. You saw that with the small group behind me.

Mark Calaway: Right.

Donald Trump: You know, the group behind me was relatively small. The -- the people were all out there. Thousands, you couldn't even see the end of it. And when I got hit, I went down, and then Secret Service was very brave, I have to say. They were all jumping on top, and the bullets were flying right at them. And then he got taken out by the sniper.

Donald Trump: The sniper got him from a long distance. One shot. Amazing. If he doesn't get him, you get a lot of people dead. But the -- the Secret Service sniper was amazing. And we believe also a local -- the local police hit the barrel of the rifle and splinter the hell out of it. But if -- if they don't get him -- and they got him.

Donald Trump: They got him. But if they don't get him, you probably have a lot of -- lot of dead. We lost one and two were very badly hurt. We thought they were both going to be gone, and they -- they both made it. Great doctors, great doctors.

Mark Calaway: Right.

Donald Trump: You know, country-type doctors, right? They were --

Mark Calaway: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Great. You couldn't have had any better. They saved them. They -- they're -- they're good. But it was -- surprisingly, you know, when I think back on it, I was on the floor. I had blood pouring all over the place. You would know this better than anybody in the world probably. They say when your ear gets damaged, the blood -- it's the bloodiest thing.

Mark Calaway: It's very blood -- yeah.

Donald Trump: And it has to do with cartilage. If your ear gets cut or damaged, it's very bloody, and, you know, you probably --

Mark Calaway: Yeah, I've had mine split. Yes.

Donald Trump: Well, yeah, more so than, like, anything else, which is surprising. But I was loaded up with blood and -- but I was down, and they thought I got hit numerous times all over the place. And I said, "Nope, I got the ear. I want to get up. Get me up." I'm screaming where are my shoes because my shoes got knocked off.

Donald Trump: When they -- when they jumped, I mean, they -- they hit pretty hard. They were there fast. They were very brave.

Mark Calaway: Yeah, they were.

Donald Trump: And by -- I don't know how that happened, but my shoes got ripped off. So -- but it wasn't a surreal experience. It was -- I knew everything that was happening. It was amazing. Did you see the one where my face was just off the ground and the blood's pouring all over the place?

Mark Calaway: Yeah. Oh, yeah.

Donald Trump: I mean, these are some crazy shots. This was not supposed to be my life. This is supposed to be his life, OK? This was --

Mark Calaway: Well, I --

Donald Trump: This was --

Mark Calaway: I don't mind -- I don't mind bleeding. I'd just rather it not come from bullets. [Begin videotape]

Matthew Lyda: So, Mark, you know, we had to -- we had to look good for today.

Mark Calaway: I'll try.

Matthew Lyda: Yeah, I mean --

Mark Calaway: We got a lot to work with.

Matthew Lyda: I put shoes on.

Mark Calaway: Like, I just -- you -- you've -- now, you've proven that you own --

Matthew Lyda: I own closed-toed shoes.

Mark Calaway: Yeah. So --

Matthew Lyda: You put a jacket on. So, I mean, you know, that's -- that's the thing. And, you know, for us, we've got facial hair.

Mark Calaway: Yeah.

Matthew Lyda: And we need to look good and we got to be clean. And that's why our guys over at MANSCAPED --

Mark Calaway: Yup. This is a great product, man.

Matthew Lyda: They hooked us up. They got us cleaned up today. We're looking good. They gave us The Beard Hedger. And I'm going to be honest with you, Mark, I'm clean upstairs and downstairs because of MANSCAPED.

Mark Calaway: Yeah?

Matthew Lyda: Oh, yeah.

Mark Calaway: You -- you mowed the bushes, huh?

Matthew Lyda: Oh.

Mark Calaway: You cut the bushes.

Matthew Lyda: We got -- we got the -- we -- we trimmed the hedges.

Mark Calaway: Oh, yeah.

Matthew Lyda: You know what I mean? Nice and smooth up top and downstairs.

Mark Calaway: Yeah. You know -- I mean, that's kind of some sensitive --

Matthew Lyda: It's a sensitive area.

Mark Calaway: It's a sensitive area, and it -- it's hard -- it's hard to cut yourself. You can't do it.

Matthew Lyda: Not with MANSCAPED. I'll be honest with you, there was a time in my life, I was absolutely scared that -- to shave down there to a point where I thought that like if I -- if I -- if I cut the sack that they would just fall out. I didn't -- I didn't understand anatomy very well.

Mark Calaway: I guess so.

Matthew Lyda: So --

Mark Calaway: That's South Carolina education.

Matthew Lyda: MANSCAPED came to the rescue, and I'm going to tell our -- our fans a little bit about how they can also get hooked up with some MANSCAPED. Ladies and gentlemen, it's not a bird, it's not a plane, it's a ball trimmer from space.

Mark Calaway: Sweet.

Matthew Lyda: That's it. Gentlemen, our friends over at MANSCAPED have been working night and day to bring you a below-the-waist grooming experience like none other with their brand-new performance package 5.0 Ultra to a point where, like, we can't even get our hands on one yet. They're that new. It's featuring --

Mark Calaway: Well, when are we getting ours?

Matthew Lyda: Hopefully soon. Hopefully soon. I mean, these things are just -- they're just -- just brand new. They're that new. It's featuring The Lawn Mower 5.0. We're talking about a next-generation trimmer with interchangeable blade heads for whatever shave your mind can imagine. Mark, it's time to upgrade your grooming game to the ultra sphere this year by going to manscaped.com for 24 -- for 20 percent off, plus --

Mark Calaway: How much?

Matthew Lyda: You get 20 percent off, plus free shipping. You know how you get that?

Mark Calaway: How do you do it?

Matthew Lyda: Use code Six Feet. It's high-tech for low spaces at MANSCAPED.

Mark Calaway: See how they did that?

Matthew Lyda: Oh, yeah. So, all they got to do is go to manscaped.com, get 20 percent off, plus free shipping. And what's the code, Mark?

Mark Calaway: Six Feet.

Matthew Lyda: That's it. [End videotape]

Donald Trump: He's going to be shocked when he sees his ratings. He's going to get that big -- he's going to get ratings him.

Matthew Lyda: His wife doesn't like -- his wife doesn't want him to get back in the ring, so we've got to get these ratings.

Mark Calaway: Well, I -- I think --

Donald Trump: Are -- are you going to --

Mark Calaway: No. No. There's no chance. There's no chance of that happening.

Donald Trump: I feel like I'm doing the interview here --

Mark Calaway: I know.

Donald Trump: Because it's interesting to me. Where's our big man? Where's our -- where's our next --

Matthew Lyda: Big Ray machine over there, yeah.

Donald Trump: He's going to be -- going to be the next governor of Texas.

Matthew Lyda: How did you become such a fan of wrestling?

Donald Trump: I love sports, and I knew Vince and this and that. I guess it goes back a long way. I held three or four WrestleManias.

Mark Calaway: Yeah, III and IV were --

Donald Trump: I think so.

Mark Calaway: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And they were good ones.

Mark Calaway: Yes.

Donald Trump: They were really good ones. It was hot as a pistol then. It sort of always been hot, but I think it was really -- I mean, it was really hot. And I don't think I did the first one, but I did maybe III and IV.

Mark Calaway: III and IV.

Matthew Lyda: There's the only --

Mark Calaway: Yeah, it was the only time that it's been in the same place two years in a row.

Donald Trump: III and IV. In fact, it was so good, I wanted the second one, right? But -- and it was a tremendous success. It was great. And really, Dana White and Vince are really two guys -- they're -- they're very unique people. Dana is incredible.

Mark Calaway: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And -- and different -- you know, it's different kinds. It's actually a much different product in a certain way, even though it's, you know, fights.

Mark Calaway: No, no, it is, yes. Yeah. It's completely different.

Donald Trump: It's a much different product. But -- but they sort of have some qualities that are very, very similar. But Dana -- Dana has done an unbelievable job, and Vince -- Vince preceded him by a little bit, but boy, what a job he did.

Mark Calaway: Yeah, he -- he really did create just a global juggernaut with --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Mark Calaway: With WWE. And -- and --

Donald Trump: So, the combination, sounds like it's a good combination.

Mark Calaway: So far, it's been -- it's really been amazing, and I think they've only really scratched the surface to, you know, how far this is going to go. I mean --

Donald Trump: Well, Linda McMahon, I picked, who really helped Vince a lot over the years. You know, people -- a lot of people don't know that. And she is a fantastic woman. She's been a big supporter from the moment, you know, I mean, from -- from the very beginning. And she was the head of small businesses, which is big business basically.

Mark Calaway: Right.

Donald Trump: Small business administration. And she did a fantastic job. Everybody loves her. Special woman. And I know she was involved with the WWE. So, it used to be WWF, right?

Mark Calaway: Right, sir.

Donald Trump: And they just couldn't get that name back, which was amazing, right? They couldn't.

Mark Calaway: Well, I think eventually --

Donald Trump: Do you think it make a difference -- do you think it made a difference? WWE, WW -- now, you -- I guess, with time, it's OK.

Mark Calaway: With time, it's just kind of --

Donald Trump: But it was to get used to it.

Mark Calaway: At first, yeah, it really was. I just think it's -- you know, it got into the big deal with the -- I think it was the World Wildlife Fund. And I just think he was like -- he seized the moment and said, you know what, it's time for -- it's time for a little bit of change. And it wasn't worth fighting it in the court and tying all that up.

Donald Trump: And they were being absolutely very tough, right?

Mark Calaway: Yeah. And I don't -- I don't -- I don't think anybody was going to confuse World Wrestling Federation --

Donald Trump: No.

Mark Calaway: With the World Wildlife Fund. I mean, they were way -- I mean, it was just semantics, I think.

Donald Trump: Did he lose that case?

Mark Calaway: He just -- no, he just chose not to -- he just let it go, and that's why.

Donald Trump: Well, in the end, he did the right thing. But I remember, at the beginning, it was so awkward to say WWE, right?

Mark Calaway: Right. Yeah. Well, yeah.

Donald Trump: It was really unbelievable.

Mark Calaway: Because it -- originally, it was the WWWF.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Mark Calaway: And then they took a W off and then it was -- it was like a whole new facelift kind of a deal with the WWE. We'd changed our branding and the way everything looked. So, it ended up working out for the -- for the better.

Donald Trump: So, tell me, what are you doing here with this stuff? So -- so, you have a big name. You have a lot of fans. When you asked me to do this, I said I'm going to do it because I'm a fan. You know, I -- I really think you've done a great job. What is this -- so tell me what this is all about.

Mark Calaway: So --

Donald Trump: It's a platform?

Mark Calaway: It's -- on my podcast, this guy here, I don't know, eight years ago, comes -- he works for a veteran-owned and operated company Nine Line. Very patriotic.

Matthew Lyda: Best apparel company ever.

Mark Calaway: And --

Donald Trump: What is it, best what?

Matthew Lyda: Apparel company ever.

Donald Trump: Oh, really? Is that right?

Matthew Lyda: We're veteran-owned and operated. Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: Oh.

Matthew Lyda: Give back to charity. We've built 50 tiny homes for homeless veterans.

Donald Trump: What apparel is it? What kind of apparel?

Matthew Lyda: It's patriotic apparel. It's just T-shirts.

Donald Trump: So, you know all about the Trump apparel then, right?

Matthew Lyda: Yes, sir. We actually made a shirt for Corey who was tragically killed in Butler that day. And --

Donald Trump: Oh, I see.

Matthew Lyda: We were able to, you know, raise a lot of money for his family.

Donald Trump: Wow.

Matthew Lyda: Yeah.

Donald Trump: That's great.

Matthew Lyda: Yeah. Well, we teamed up with this guy. He used to wear our shirts, and --

Donald Trump: Good. So, how long has that been going? How has it?

Mark Calaway: So, we've known each other for, what?

Matthew Lyda: Seven, eight years.

Mark Calaway: Seven, eight years. And he kind of -- he says, you know, you got this platform. Like I wrestled. I'm a wrestler. I did it for, you know, over 30 years. And he's -- and he's like -- he says, "You know, you've got this huge platform. You -- you need to do something with it." And -- and my wife was the same way. She was like --

Donald Trump: How long -- how long are you married?

Mark Calaway: I have been married for 14 years.

Donald Trump: Good.

Mark Calaway: Yes.

Donald Trump: Is this your second marriage?

Mark Calaway: Well, who counts? Numbers, numbers.

Donald Trump: The second --

Mark Calaway: Numbers.

Donald Trump: The second. All right. You can cut that part out. This -- this sounds like it's going to get a little bit too -- too tense.

Mark Calaway: I think, you know -- I mean, I think you can relate, like we both have kind of --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Mark Calaway: You know, maybe outkicked our coverage.

Donald Trump: So much -- so much for that question.

Mark Calaway: Yeah.

Donald Trump: We'll take that question. The -- the answer started getting a little bit long.

Mark Calaway: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's -- there's bad things coming out of that answer.

Matthew Lyda: Just say it's numbers.

Mark Calaway: You know, see, this is -- this is good. This is -- this -- this is the -- the Donald Trump that people really don't get to see.

Note: [Begin video clip]

Matthew Lyda: Mark.

Mark Calaway: Yes, sir.

Matthew Lyda: After you do an episode with the president --

Mark Calaway: Yes, sir.

Matthew Lyda: You got to celebrate.

Mark Calaway: I will. I intend on it.

Matthew Lyda: Oh, yeah. And you know what, tonight, I'm going to do some celebrating.

Mark Calaway: Are you?

Matthew Lyda: Oh, yeah.

Mark Calaway: Do tell.

Matthew Lyda: I came to New York packing --

Mark Calaway: Oh.

Matthew Lyda: Packing them BlueChews.

Mark Calaway: What?

Matthew Lyda: Got some --

Mark Calaway: BlueChew.

Matthew Lyda: After dinner mint.

Mark Calaway: Oh, you're talking about celebrating.

Matthew Lyda: We're going to celebrate good times. Come on.

Mark Calaway: Come on.

Matthew Lyda: Oh, yeah, it's happening tonight.

Mark Calaway: It's a celebration.

Matthew Lyda: It's happening tonight because of our friends over at BlueChew.

Mark Calaway: Man --

Matthew Lyda: Yeah.

Mark Calaway: I tell you what.

Matthew Lyda: You know what, hit me -- hit me with that -- that motto. Chew it --

Mark Calaway: And do it.

Matthew Lyda: Oh, yeah. BlueChew is a unique online service that delivers the same active ingredients as Viagra, cialis, and Levitra.

Mark Calaway: Dang.

Matthew Lyda: But in a chewable tablet.

Mark Calaway: That's packing a punch, brother.

Matthew Lyda: Oh, and it comes at a fraction of the cost. I love a good deal. You can take them any time, day or night -- I took one earlier -- so you could plan ahead or be ready whenever the opportunity arises. The process is simple. All you got to do is go to bluechew.com, consult with one of their licensed medical providers.

Matthew Lyda: And once you're approved, you'll receive your prescription within days.

Mark Calaway: Days?

Matthew Lyda: Oh, yeah, days. That quick. Quick turnaround. The best part is it's all done online. Discreet.

Mark Calaway: Oh, so you ain't got to worry about any uncomfortable questions.

Matthew Lyda: Conversations.

Mark Calaway: Yeah.

Matthew Lyda: No doctor's visits.

Mark Calaway: Yes.

Matthew Lyda: Very discreet.

Mark Calaway: Very, very discreet.

Matthew Lyda: And you know what, we had the president of the United States on here. You know what's great about BlueChew? They're made in the USA.

Mark Calaway: Made in the USA.

Matthew Lyda: Right here in America. God bless it. It is shipped directly to your door in a discreet package. BlueChew wants to help you have better, well --

Mark Calaway: How should we say?

Matthew Lyda: You know.

Mark Calaway: You know. Yeah.

Matthew Lyda: You know. You know.

Mark Calaway: You know.

Matthew Lyda: You know.

Mark Calaway: Chew it and do it.

Matthew Lyda: And do it. Discover your options at bluechew.com. And we've got a special deal for our listeners. Try BlueChew for free when you use our promo code.

Mark Calaway: Wait. What?

Matthew Lyda: Oh, you're going to try it for free. Oh yeah, you're going to get that first try for free. Yeah.

Mark Calaway: How -- how do you do that?

Matthew Lyda: The day it's going to cost you more.

Mark Calaway: How -- how do you do that?

Matthew Lyda: The day it's going to cost you more. Well, all you got to do is use promo -- promo code Six Feet at checkout. All you got to do is pay $5 in shipping. That's bluechew.com.

Mark Calaway: That's easy.

Matthew Lyda: Promo code Six Feet --

Mark Calaway: Easy money.

Matthew Lyda: To receive your first month free. Visit bluechew.com for more details and important safety information. And we thank BlueChew for sponsoring Six Feet Under.

Note: [End video clip]

Mark Calaway: I think you need to -- you need to show more of this part of you because I really think, you know, you're -- you're a guy's guy and a sports fan and I just -- I know you got to have that -- I know you got that tough -- tough guy persona and that bravado, but I think -- you know, this is good. This is fun.

Mark Calaway: And I think -- you know what you've done? You've made politics fun again.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Mark Calaway: And I just think some people get caught up in the fact that -- I think they look at politics now kind of like a wrestling story and they can't separate -- they can't separate reality.

Donald Trump: Well, it's -- it's so interesting because -- and -- and I can't explain exactly why, but -- so we'll go to places and have 100,000 people show up. And I don't have a card, and I'm not a wrestler. And when I felt your arm, I said I wouldn't have been a very good wrestler. I wouldn't. You get big, strong arms on top of everything else.

Donald Trump: But -- but, you know -- and I'll get a crowd of 100,000 people coming about politics. You know it's on. If Ronald Reagan came back and he went to, you know, some of the places that I go to, he'd have 250 people or 300 or 400. And that's very, very good. You know, and they do it in a ballroom someplace.

Donald Trump: And I'm getting like 50,000, 60,000, 100,000 people. It's crazy. And it's really -- it's like a love of the country because -- you know, it's hope. It's something going on. It's something very amazing. So, now, we're in the middle of the election period. I mean, it's actually started. The voting actually started after four years because if I didn't feel I won by a lot in the last election, I wouldn't do it.

Donald Trump: Because if you got -- you know, if you lost, you lost. It's OK. You lose. It's easier, in a way, to just say, OK, I'm getting on with my life and maybe I'll go to those beaches or do what I want to do.

Mark Calaway: There's golf to be played.

Donald Trump: Yeah, golf, too. Do you play golf?

Mark Calaway: I'm a frustrated golfer.

Donald Trump: I would think you would hit a long ball if you hit it.

Mark Calaway: When I hit it, it goes a long way. I'm just not the -- and, you know, it's nice to know that. I don't want to cut you off, but I mean, like, who shoots at a guy who's got a three-foot putt for birdie?

Donald Trump: Right.

Mark Calaway: Who does that?

Donald Trump: Right.

Mark Calaway: I mean, is that right, you had a three-foot putt for birdie and a guy starts popping shots off at you?

Donald Trump: Yeah, well, that was the second time, yeah. I'm standing over a putt. He could have, at least, let me putt it out, right?

Mark Calaway: I mean, come on.

Donald Trump: It actually wasn't him, though. It was the Secret Service agent. The guy did a good job. He saw a barrel coming out. Can you believe it? AK-47. That's a big one, right?

Mark Calaway: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And he saw a barrel coming out from behind a bush. The guy's buried in a bush, very lush course. And the Secret Service, he -- I mean, he did an amazing job. He's walking down a hole ahead of me and he sees a barrel coming out of a bush. And he didn't talk. He started shooting because he said that's not good, and he started shooting.

Donald Trump: And the guy wasn't hit, but he dropped his gun and he ran across the street, got into a car. Now, listen to this one. A woman -- it could only be a woman because men maybe aren't smart enough, right? A woman sees this guy running. He's running across the street. Now, who would do this? It's fairly busy street, big -- you know, Congress, and she sees him and she said he's suspicious.

Donald Trump: I see people running all the time that don't look so hot. But she follows him for one block. He gets into the car. She stops her car starts taking pictures of his license plate and starts taking pictures of the type of car. It was -- it was a whatever, a van of some kind. And she then takes the pictures and sends them to the sheriff.

Donald Trump: Who would do this? And the sheriff says, wow, because they just had an incident. It only happened three minutes before.

Mark Calaway: Wow.

Donald Trump: So, the sheriff then gets a picture, and he just had a call that there's this big deal going on. And two minutes later, he gets a picture of a car and a license plate, sent by the one. Who would do this? I said to the sheriff, "If this happened a thousand times, how many people would follow a guy that's running down the street, stop, and take pictures?" And there's some kind of a chip or something on the license plate that if they have the license plate, they can track you down. Did you ever know that? I never heard of that.

Mark Calaway: I didn't.

Donald Trump: There's some kind of a deal that if they have your license plate, they can find you. And they have them speeding down a highway, and they got them and nabbed him fast. And -- but think of that because he could be out there. And I wouldn't want to have a guy out there that, you know, just dropped an AK-47 and ran and he's out there.

Donald Trump: And they got him. And, you know, he's going to -- he's got some problems, bad guy. But think of that. Who would think that somebody would take pictures of somebody's license plate because they saw him and he didn't look right? And a woman did this, incredible woman. But I said to the police, I said to the sheriff, who was great.

Donald Trump: I said, "Sheriff, how many times -- out of a thousand times, how many times would somebody do that?" He said, "Maybe none."

Mark Calaway: Yeah, exactly.

Donald Trump: No, how -- it's so crazy, right?

Mark Calaway: Yeah, it really is.

Donald Trump: So, it's -- it was a pretty wild time. And hopefully -- hopefully we're going to have a great election. You know, we're going to -- we'll straighten out the country. We'll straighten out the border. We have a lot to straighten out. This has been the worst president in history. This is the worst vice president in history.

Donald Trump: She's worse than he is. And you never know. You know, it's an election, you never know.

Mark Calaway: Right. Yeah.

Donald Trump: Maybe somebody likes her. I think -- I think we should be in good shape. We knocked him out. Now, we have to knock her out. And we'll get it back. And I do it because we're going to make America great again. It's very -- you know, we have MAGA. You know all about MAGA.

Matthew Lyda: I've heard about it, yeah.

Donald Trump: It's basically --

Mark Calaway: MAGA.

Donald Trump: It's basically make --

Matthew Lyda: It's make America great again. It's a slogan.

Mark Calaway: Oh, OK.

Matthew Lyda: Yeah, that's pretty cool. Yeah.

Mark Calaway: I think I heard of it. I think I heard of it.

Donald Trump: It's been pretty successful.

Matthew Lyda: Definitely.

Donald Trump: No, it's the greatest movement in the history of the country. And -- and when I say that, if it was wrong, the press would -- you know, they'd -- I'd say this is the greatest movement, and they have to say I guess that's right. Nothing even close. Maybe the greatest movement in the history of any country.

Donald Trump: But we have, you know -- and they're all fans of yours, by the way. We have probably 200 million people if you think about it.

Mark Calaway: Wow.

Donald Trump: It could be more than that. A majority of the country. And they want to see -- and when Biden went out, you know, on occasion, say, "We have to -- we will stop MAGA. We will stop --" I say no. That's make America great again. You know, he's going to stop MAGA. So, anyway, so it's been very successful.

Donald Trump: But now, we're in the middle of an election, right smack in the middle, right?

Mark Calaway: Well, we're in the homestretch.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Yeah.

Matthew Lyda: Yeah.

Mark Calaway: We have -- we have 19 days left, but the voting starts. You know, voting should be one day, and it shouldn't be 19 days or 20 days. It shouldn't. No.

Donald Trump: You know, we have -- we have something, I think, that's going to be special. The numbers are very good. But who knows? You know, you have to just keep working. And it's an honor to do the show with you guys.

Mark Calaway: Yes, sir. That means a lot to us and giving us this opportunity. You know, we're -- we're not journalists and --

Donald Trump: And I turned down "60 Minutes," and I'm doing your stupid show.

Matthew Lyda: And we're doing a -- you're doing a professional wrestling podcast.

Mark Calaway: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's all right.

Mark Calaway: We're not journalists, and we're really not that great of podcasters either, but we get people that watch us. But I do have -- I have one question. And earlier, you were very gracious and you met -- you know, you met my family.

Donald Trump: Right.

Mark Calaway: And -- and they're -- they're sitting over there. My -- my political interest, Title IX. You met my daughter.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Mark Calaway: What are we going to -- what are we going to do or what are you going to do, if elected, to protect the integrity of women in sports and continue on with just the fair play.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Mark Calaway: And I don't -- I don't mean to put you on the spot --

Donald Trump: No, I don't mind.

Mark Calaway: And I appreciate everything.

Donald Trump: It's a simple question to me.

Mark Calaway: Well, I just -- but -- but I want to put a face to it.

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Mark Calaway: If you can -- can I bring my daughter?

Donald Trump: Absolutely.

Mark Calaway: Kaia, come here.

Donald Trump: Wow. Such a beautiful -- that is a -- that's what I call a beautiful daughter.

Mark Calaway: Thank you. She -- she is, and she's quite the -- quite the quarterback, too.

Donald Trump: But you -- you still -- you don't want to go and wrestle a guy like if you were doing that because people do that, like your father, right? He's a little too much to handle, right? No. I will not -- I will get rid of it fast. Men playing in women's sports is insane, OK? It's insane. I mean, I assume you -- I can't even imagine anybody thinking anything other.

Donald Trump: Like, you have to have borders, right? You have to have fair elections. Where are the people that want it? Have you ever met anybody that said we want men playing in women's sports? You know, I've never met anybody. I know there's got to be some kind of a movement. I'm going to terminate that immediately.

Donald Trump: I'll terminate it. I'm not going to let it happen. Yesterday, a volleyball player got hit, female team or somebody transitioned, and you don't think of volleyball. She got hit. Now, this guy, this was a man who transitioned to a woman, and they showed the shot, and it was all -- all girls. There were girls, older, you know, like 18, 19, 20.

Donald Trump: Very good players, like all-American-type players. I think a college team or something. And they had the one guy on the one team. And he was up so high in the air, and he smashed that ball. You know, you don't see that. And this ball came at her at a speed that he's, you know --

Mark Calaway: Right.

Donald Trump: She's never seen, get really whacked her. But other volleyball players were hurt. But the best is weightlifting, where you see a record that stood for, like, 15 years, and they're putting, you know, an eighth of an ounce on each side of the bar. You know this well.

Mark Calaway: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And then some person that transitioned to a female from a male, "Have you lifted before?" "Not much. No." Well, here we are. So, he got -- you know, he puts -- they added like 100 pounds to it. He's still lifting.

Mark Calaway: Yeah.

Donald Trump: So, it's crazy. The swimmers, too. Look at the swimmers.

Mark Calaway: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I mean, the swimmers is -- it's ridiculous.

Mark Calaway: Yes.

Donald Trump: So -- and I think it's very demeaning to women. But, you know, she wants to play sports and she wants to play against women. You don't necessarily want to play against men. You know. It's OK, but you don't want to do it. Did you see the boxing match at the Olympic boxing? Did you see the guy?

Mark Calaway: I did. It was --

Donald Trump: Did you see that beautiful Italian girl? She's supposed to be a good boxer. She took just a left jab. The guy's up, he goes boom. That's like a defensive punch. So, it goes like that. I never saw it quite like that. She didn't actually go down. She walked back to her corner. She said I just got hit harder than I've ever been hit before.

Mark Calaway: Yeah, it was ridiculous.

Donald Trump: The corner pushes her back out. "You can do it. You can do it." He goes with another left jab and she walked off. She said there's no way I can beat that. Now, there were two people in the Olympics -- because I didn't even know they have female boxing. There were two people that transitioned into women, both of them won the gold medal shockingly. Are you shocked to hear that?

Mark Calaway: Imagine that, right?

Donald Trump: How would you like to play this guy, OK? He decides to transition. I don't think we have to worry about --

Mark Calaway: I don't --

Donald Trump: Somehow, I don't think -- I don't think we have to worry about it, but this would not be pleasant. It's been great being with you, guys.

Matthew Lyda: All the pleasure is ours.

Donald Trump: You have a beautiful daughter.

Mark Calaway: Sir, thank you. Thank you for that. And I just -- as -- going to this homestretch, I know you're extremely busy. I think you have to go to Michigan now. I just appreciate you giving us the opportunity and -- and thank you for -- for taking care of -- of women's sports. Obviously, it's near and dear to my heart.

Donald Trump: It's -- I bet you're going to be a good athlete, right?

Kaia Calaway: Yes.

Donald Trump: Are you good now, very good? What -- what sport do you play other than the football?

Kaia Calaway: So, right now, I'm just playing football because it -- it takes up a lot of my time. But I think when I get to school, I think I'm going to start playing volleyball.

Donald Trump: What position do you play in football?

Kaia Calaway: Quarterback.

Donald Trump: Whoa. That's good. And you have good hands for that, I see.

Mark Calaway: She's got -- she's got a -- she's got a pretty good arm.

Donald Trump: She's got a little bit of an arm, huh? That's good. Well, I'll be watching, OK? I'll be watching.

Mark Calaway: It'll be in the Olympics in -- in 2028.

Donald Trump: Now, you have to do me a favor. Tell your father that we had a great time. We're sitting down, and we look a little bit equal, a little bit equal. Tell your father not to show any picture where we're standing up together because I don't want to look like a small person. Do you understand? Will you tell him that?

Kaia Calaway: Yes.

Donald Trump: You'll watch that for me?

Kaia Calaway: Yes.

Donald Trump: OK? Do you understand that, everybody? Because I never felt that small before. Anyway. It was great, fellas. Great.

Mark Calaway: Thank you. Thank you, sir.

Matthew Lyda: Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: You're something very special. Take care of yourself.

Mark Calaway: We really appreciate it. Thank you.

Donald Trump: We'll see you again. We'll see you again. Get out and vote. Thank you very much.

Matthew Lyda: Well [Inaudible] everyone.

Donald Trump: That was fun. [Begin videotape]

Matthew Lyda: Mark.

Mark Calaway: What?

Matthew Lyda: Who would have ever thought?

Mark Calaway: Not me.

Matthew Lyda: Well, buddy, congratulations.

Mark Calaway: And did that just happen?

Matthew Lyda: That just happened, the president of the United States. And thank you, Happy Dad, for helping support this podcast. And man, there's only one way to celebrate this.

Mark Calaway: Cheers, brother.

Matthew Lyda: Thanks, Happy Dad. Oh, man.

Mark Calaway: Man, that's good.

Matthew Lyda: We're going to have a good time tonight.

Mark Calaway: Yes, we are. [End videotape]