Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-decision-2024-wisn-milwaukee-november-5-2024

Jerry Bott: We're starting our Decision 2024, The Final Vote coverage early because we have a very special guest joining us on the telephone right now. And that is the former president of the United States, the 45th president of the United States, Donald J. Trump. Mr. President, how are you, sir?

Donald Trump: I'm good. I'm watching these results. So far, so good, right? So far, so good.

Jerry Bott: Yeah, it's -- it's very good. Jerry Bott here along with Dan O'Donnell and Dave Michaels. We're honored that you -- you are placing this call. What can you tell us about what you're seeing nationwide, and what can you tell us about what your -- your people are telling you about the state of Wisconsin?

Donald Trump: Well, we seem to be doing really well. Wisconsin's been amazing. You know, every time I went -- I went there a lot, and we had these really big crowds. And -- and I've been to Wisconsin. As you know, I won it and -- but -- and I never had crowds the way we've had them, I would say, over the last month.

Donald Trump: It was incredible. I went -- I've been there three or four times. And it was great. We -- we won, and now, I think we're -- I think they like me better. I like Wisconsin. I gave them the big shipyard contract, so I guess they like me for that, if nothing else. But I think they like me for a lot of reasons.

Donald Trump: We helped the farmers. We helped a lot of -- a lot of different groups in Wisconsin. It's a great place.

Dan O'Donnell: Mr. President, Dan O'Donnell. A couple of days ago at a rally, you said, "I'm not supposed to say this. The fake news keeps saying that it's going to be close. It's not going to be close." What did you base that on, and do you still, as polls are closing across the country, see you winning this race by a bigger margin than people might think?

Donald Trump: Well, I hope so. I don't know. I'm watching it, and I guess we're up in six states and tied in one or down in one maybe. But we're -- we're leading in your state. We're up -- I'm just looking as we're talking. We're up in five or six states. So, that's good. A couple we're up pretty good, too. So, I don't know.

Donald Trump: You know, it's very early. I mean, we'll have to see. I just -- there's been such a response, such a great response, as you can imagine, like closing the borders and not letting murderers into our country. You know, things like that which, you know, typically people would want. And we want people to come in, but we want them to come in, you know, through a legal process.

Donald Trump: So, I think we're doing pretty well -- I -- you know, pretty much as expected right now.

Dave Michaels: Mr. President, congratulations on a great campaign. You said as such after you voted in Palm Beach earlier today, while you're up in the polls and polls are a snapshot in time, more important, at this point and specifically today, sir, was the get out the vote effort.

Donald Trump: Right.

Dave Michaels: Can you talk a little bit about what the Trump campaign did differently here in 2024 compared to 2020, which was a -- an odd election year, to say the least, but also 2016 --

Donald Trump: Right.

Dave Michaels: Getting the vote out this year, this turn as opposed to years past?

Donald Trump: Yeah. Well, the 2020 was, you know, really affected by COVID because you couldn't -- people didn't want to go out. People couldn't get -- you couldn't get security. Not us, everybody -- that people didn't want to go out and catch it and die potentially, right? So, it was a weird -- it was a very weird election.

Donald Trump: The whole thing was weird. We did -- you know, we got almost 75 million votes and -- more than any sitting president in history, but it was very tough. We -- we have great people now. You know, we have people all over the place, whereas you couldn't really do that in 2020 because of COVID. People didn't want to leave their house actually.

Jerry Bott: Mr. -- excuse me. Mr. President, I again truly appreciate the fact that you've taken the time to call us. The Wisconsin polls are open until 8:00 Central time for about another 90 minutes or so. What's your message to Wisconsinites that not -- who have not yet voted at this point? Go ahead and -- and offer your best thoughts.

Donald Trump: Well, we're going to secure the borders. Yeah. We're going to secure the borders. We're going to let your farmers do -- big farms. And nobody's been better to the farmers than I have. And to -- just -- I love the farmers, and I've taken care of the farmers with the USMCA and the -- really with the deal I made with China where they have to buy $50 billion worth of our farm products.

Donald Trump: The only problem is Biden hasn't pressed them on that. They can get a little bit tardy, but we've taken good care. We give the biggest ship contract. You know, we gave the big ship contract to Wisconsin and every state wanted it -- every state that does it -- about 12 states. And I felt it was very important to give it to Wisconsin.

Donald Trump: I just had a great relationship with Wisconsin, and we're going to take good care of them. We're going to take great care of them.

Dan O'Donnell: Mr. President, earlier in the day, you posted about potential issues, i.e. what you termed a possible cheat in Detroit and Pennsylvania. There is also an issue here in Milwaukee with 30,000 ballots that needed to be recounted.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Dan O'Donnell: I'm sure you were aware of a couple of things. One, what sort of evidence did you see that there were some voter irregularities in Philadelphia and Detroit --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Dan O'Donnell: And your -- your response to the -- the vote counting issues here in Milwaukee?

Donald Trump: Well, the Milwaukee thing is a big thing, and I think there's -- fortunately, we caught it. And hopefully, they'll do something about it. That's a lot of votes. And with respect to Detroit and, you know, frankly, Philadelphia, I guess is what we're talking about. It's just -- that's the rumor that's going around.

Donald Trump: People are talking about it, and we can't let that happen. We just can't let that happen. If we -- if we let that happen, you know, we lose faith in our elections any more than we already have lost faith. It's terrible. So, people are talking about it, and they're -- they're talking about, in particular, Philadelphia and Detroit.

Donald Trump: And then I heard that in Milwaukee, there was some kind of a miscount or there was a problem with 30,000 votes. That's a lot of votes and -- so, hopefully, they'll get that. I assume they're working on straightening that out, fellas.

Dan O'Donnell: It certainly sounds like they are. I mean, we have people on the ground, sir. I have a number of contacts who are working as poll observers at central count, including our Milwaukee County Republican Party. It seems as though this is just going to delay the reporting of the results in Milwaukee -- that there isn't any issue or question about potential irregularities and that this is being done out of an abundance of caution.

Donald Trump: OK.

Dan O'Donnell: If I may, I'd like to switch gears just very quickly. I'm sure you probably have seen this, but there appears to be a massive surge of support for you in Florida. You have apparently flipped Duval County in Florida --

Donald Trump: Wow.

Dan O'Donnell: Which is a very positive sign for Georgia. And in Miami-Dade County, a county that Biden won by seven points in 2020 --

Donald Trump: Right.

Dan O'Donnell: You appear to be running away with. Your reaction to that, sir.

Donald Trump: Well, I'm very happy about it. I know I'm doing very well with the Hispanics. They're great people, entrepreneurial energy and fantastic -- just very energetic, fantastic people. And I have a very special relationship with them, and I didn't know that I was doing well -- you know, well in those areas because those are tough areas.

Donald Trump: But if you're winning those areas, that says something very good for the night. And you're right. It has a lot to do with certain sections of Georgia. And that would be indeed really terrific. Well, that's great information. Thank you.

Dan O'Donnell: Yeah, it's about 75 percent of the vote in, and you are doing significantly better in Duval and a whole lot better in Miami-Dade as well.

Donald Trump: Wow.

Dan O'Donnell: It just -- it looks as though, sir, rural counties and counties that went for you in 2020, the turnout there in the early vote and what we've seen throughout the day today -- and this is really holding in states that are swing states and that aren't -- we're seeing this in your native New York, as well as new Jersey.

Dan O'Donnell: Trump counties are just showing up, to -- to borrow your phrase, sir, big lead. And I --

Donald Trump: Right.

Dan O'Donnell: That's got to fill you with a whole lot of hope for tonight, doesn't it?

Donald Trump: Well, it does. I heard we're doing well. Maybe you could give me the numbers in New York and New Jersey, but I heard we're doing well in New York and New Jersey. It's great. You know, they're not at all swing because they haven't been won in decades frankly but -- by a Republican, but I'm hearing very, very good things.

Donald Trump: And how am I doing? Do you have any numbers in New York and New Jersey? [Inaudible] I'll turn it around [Inaudible]

Dan O'Donnell: I actually have, sir, Morris County, New Jersey. It appears as though you were, at least, projected to do much, much better than you did in 2020. And also, we have some data that suggests that registered Republicans in some parts of New York State are outvoting registered Democrats, which is all but unheard of.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Dan O'Donnell: And this has got to -- this has got to say something, I think.

Donald Trump: Well, I think it does. New York is a tough one. And it's a great one, but it's a tough one, as you know. And I do really well in certain parts of New York and in other parts of New York. It -- basically, it's not me. It's a -- it's a Republican [Inaudible] and -- but there is that rumor that I'm doing really well in New York and New Jersey. That's great.

Jerry Bott: Mr. President, it's been a remarkable campaign with regard to the coalition that you've been able to build, especially late in the campaign.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Jerry Bott: Joe Rogan gave -- I mean, he's a pretty apolitical guy, gave you a huge endorsement. And it -- it certainly speaks well to your efforts to get younger male voters involved in this election. How do you feel about that whole thing?

Donald Trump: Well, I think it's great. Joe Rogan is a fantastic guy and has a lot of power with his voice. And he -- we had -- we just had a great time. You know, we did -- we did really well together. We spoke for three hours, made me a little late for a meeting for a rally, but they understood. But we did -- we did really, really well together, and people liked it.

Donald Trump: And it had like 150 million hits or something -- some crazy thing like that. He's very popular. He's a great guy. And then he endorsed me. So, that was -- that was something very special.

Jerry Bott: Yeah. The conversation last night between -- they -- they posted yesterday between Joe Rogan and Elon Musk, that's a lot of influence on both of them falling certainly in your category.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Jerry Bott: Is -- is there any final message? I know that the polls in several Eastern states are about to close here in about 15 minutes, and we don't want to monopolize your time, Mr. President. Is there something else that you want to tell us, a final message that you want to give to the Wisconsinites that have voted or still are yet to vote?

Jerry Bott: Is there a thought that you have with regard to what the stakes are in this election? Sum it up with regard to your thoughts, please?

Donald Trump: Well, I think, really, just that we want to have a great country. We want to have a safe country. We want to have borders. And we want to have low taxes. And we want to have a -- you know, a good economy. Right now, we don't have a good economy because inflation has absolutely just destroyed it. And we want to have a good economy.

Donald Trump: And I think that's going to happen. I believe that's going to happen. It's going to happen very, very fast. I'm watching, as I'm talking to you, some of these states coming in like Florida. We're way up in Florida, way up in so many states. It's a beautiful thing to watch, but we'll see how it comes out.

Donald Trump: And we want to have, you know -- what we want to have is an honest race. That's all we're asking for. You know that. And your -- your state has been fantastic. It really has. It's been great, and I really appreciate it, fellas.

Dan O'Donnell: Well, sir, we really appreciate you taking the time on Election Night, everything that you have done and, hopefully, everything you'll do as the 47th president. We wish you the best of luck tonight. And a lot of Wisconsinites are really pulling for you and really support you and really stand with you through thick and thin. Sir, thank you so much.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, and I'll speak to you guys soon. I look forward to it.

Jerry Bott: Very good, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Jerry Bott: Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Bye.

Jerry Bott: Bye

Donald Trump: Bye.

Jerry Bott: Certainly --