Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-larry-kudlow-fox-business-october-4-2024

Larry Kudlow: Mr. President, welcome back to The Kudlow Show.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Larry Kudlow: We appreciate it very much, sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, Larry.

Larry Kudlow: I want to begin. Today's jobs numbers come out, and the top line was very solid jobs report. Americans are working. But, you know, you look under the hood, it's the same stuff. I just want to read a couple of things. Full-time jobs, down almost 500,000. Part-time jobs, up 800,000. Manufacturing jobs, down again.

Larry Kudlow: Eight hundred and twenty-five thousand native-born jobs lost, 1.2 million foreign-born jobs gained. It's -- these are uncomfortable statistics. There's something wrong. There's something unbalanced about all these numbers and where the country is going.

Donald Trump: Well, especially so since as you see and I guess you probably read one of the numbers where the illegal migrants that are coming into the country are getting the jobs. They're getting most of the jobs. And the citizens aren't getting the jobs. And the other thing, that you don't know what to believe anymore because 818,000 jobs two months ago was a fraud.

Donald Trump: They put in 818,000 extra jobs, and it got wiped out. They said they made a mistake. That wasn't a mistake. That was done on purpose. And it was supposed to come out -- that number -- the wipeout was supposed to be after the election, but you had a whistleblower that came out and announced that they defrauded the -- the country.

Donald Trump: So, you say like how does that happen? I've never heard of a thing. I've heard of they're off by 10,000, 15,000. They were off by 818,000 jobs. So, when is that going to come out?

Larry Kudlow: Yeah. Well, it'll probably be revised down. I mean, it's -- it's hard to know. We've never seen anything like it --

Donald Trump: No.

Larry Kudlow: As you point out.

Donald Trump: You've never seen numbers like this in the last seven months.

Larry Kudlow: And again, manufacturing jobs continue to decline, and the manufacturing ISM purchasing managers continues to decline. We haven't had any manufacturing jobs in two years. We're in a manufacturing slump, probably a manufacturing recession. Is this attributable, do you think, to Biden-Harris policies?

Donald Trump: Yes. It's attributable to the fact that other countries are ripping us off, including Mexico and a lot of them. China always, but Mexico is really doing a big number on us. We have companies moving down to Mexico. They're making product, they're selling it in, and nobody's talking to them. Nobody is speaking about it.

Donald Trump: Nobody is putting tariffs on them. If you put tariffs on those companies, you wouldn't have them leaving our country. They're leaving us, going to Mexico, right across the border, building a plant, and selling things back into our country. You can't let them do that. That's what tariffs are for. You -- you put tariffs on, they won't be doing that.

Larry Kudlow: So --

Donald Trump: And it's, like, not complicated. It's really simple.

Larry Kudlow: So, your plan -- we're going to get to the tax hikes for Kamala Harris. But your plan, you will offer 20 -- I'm sorry, 15 percent -- 21 to 15 percent business tax rate, which would be the lowest, I think, we've ever had in this country and make us among the lowest -- probably the lowest or maybe the second lowest around the entire world.

Larry Kudlow: That's how competitive we'd be. But you've got to produce it here. You've got to produce it here. Now, I think that would go a long way toward solving some of these various problems about foreign-born versus native-born manufacturing jobs and things of that sort. Tell me more about that vision. Tell me more what goes along with that.

Donald Trump: So, first of all, I brought it from 39 down to 21, OK? it was 39, which was way too high and not competitive, and we were doing very badly. I brought it down to 21. And interestingly, just before I get to the 15, at 21, we did much more business the following year than we did at 39. In other words, we took in more revenue with 21 than we did because it was like that was after the tax cuts.

Donald Trump: They call them the Trump tax cuts, which were phenomenal, and everybody -- just about everybody admits that. Now, I'm going to take it from 21 to 15, but you have to make your product here. And I'm going to guard them because a part of it is, as -- as per your first question, we have to guard our companies.

Donald Trump: Now, they're going to have low taxes, low environmental costs, low energy because I'm going to get the energy. Drill, baby, drill. We're getting the energy way down. We'll have the lowest energy. We're going to have low environmental costs because we're going to move -- look, people are tied up for years on environmental.

Donald Trump: I'm going to do an expedited environmental review.

Larry Kudlow: Permitting -- quick permitting.

Donald Trump: Permitting.

Larry Kudlow: You had it once in the first term.

Donald Trump: I had -- one of the reasons --

Larry Kudlow: And then they undid it.

Donald Trump: I mean, I -- I was approving plants at levels --

Larry Kudlow: Yeah.

Donald Trump: That nobody's ever seen.

Larry Kudlow: Yeah.

Donald Trump: We're talking about plants that normally wouldn't get done. But then if you build -- if you do your product here, you go from 21 to 15. If you don't, you pay 21. Fifteen makes us the most competitive. There are some countries but not like this. There are a few countries that are slightly less. But 15 makes us so competitive.

Donald Trump: Everyone's going to come rushing into our country, but we're going to protect them once they're here with tariffs so that if somebody wants to make their product outside of our country and sell it in, they have to pay a tariff, you know, substantial tariff, depending on -- all different because it depends on the country.

Donald Trump: It depends on where they are, how they're doing. And like we have a case of India, which charges us massive, massive tariffs. You look at Harley-Davidson and companies that went to India because they couldn't -- they didn't want to pay 150, 200 percent. Brazil charges us a lot. China, always. Always China.

Donald Trump: And, you know, I took in hundreds of billions of dollars from China. No -- no president ever took in $0.10. Not even -- and I mean it, $0.10. We never took any money. I took in hundreds of billions of dollars. And now, China is totally out of control. We have a deficit with China now that I've never seen anything like it, what they're doing with China.

Donald Trump: But we have a deficit with the country. We will take it from a deficit -- we'll knock that down when you start charging people tariffs. Our country was the richest when we were doing tariffs. That was the richest. This was in the 1880s and '90s. We were proportionately -- we were -- you know, if you go back to the dates and you look, our country was so rich, we didn't know what to do with all the money we had.

Donald Trump: They had committees, the great tariff committee of 1887. This was a committee that was set up to like where do you give all this, what do you do with all the money?

Larry Kudlow: During William McKinley.

Donald Trump: That was under McKinley.

Larry Kudlow: William McKinley. He was the chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Larry Kudlow: The McKinley tariff of 1890.

Donald Trump: He was a big tariff guy.

Larry Kudlow: I read the whole biography.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Larry Kudlow: It was 600 pages.

Donald Trump: Well, he made money and Roosevelt spent it. So, you know, Roosevelt gets credit for being a great president. McKinley was actually a great president. He was assassinated. You know why he was assassinated? Because he was charging all these countries money probably. Who the hell knows? But we were so rich.

Donald Trump: We had so much money we didn't -- they had committees set up on what to do with all the money. Wouldn't that be nice if we had that now?

Larry Kudlow: Well, if you --

Donald Trump: Now, we give it away, and we don't have it.

Larry Kudlow: If you make money on these tariffs, would you then allocate it to lower taxes?

Donald Trump: Lower taxes and paying off debt.

Larry Kudlow: Yeah. How about this --

Donald Trump: And you will pay off a lot of debt.

Larry Kudlow: What about this idea -- let's come back to the 15 percent corporate rate, which would be phenomenal. I mean, you'd win the global race for capital. You'd win the global race for investors.

Donald Trump: Well, you have to -- but you have to do it with things.

Larry Kudlow: Money will come pouring in.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Yeah.

Larry Kudlow: But you mentioned John Deere company. It's a venerable, old, great American company.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Larry Kudlow: But if they're going to move plants to Mexico and then try to sell stuff back to the US, sneak -- sneak in under, for example, the USMCA tariff schedule, you would charge them a 200 percent tariff.

Donald Trump: Or 100 percent, enough.

Larry Kudlow: Or 100 percent tariff.

Donald Trump: I would charge them enough that it would no longer make sense to go to Mexico.

Larry Kudlow: So, they wouldn't do it.

Donald Trump: They moved a big operation to Mexico, and they come in, and they don't have to pay very -- almost pay very little tax. So, they're going to make it to Mexico, and they're going to sell it in here, and we get killed. All we do is lose jobs. And by the way, that's been happening for years. I stopped it during mine.

Donald Trump: Then we had to fix COVID. We had to work on the COVID situation. But we had the greatest economy in history. Companies were moving back in like nobody's ever seen. Everything was great.

Larry Kudlow: So, that's how you --

Donald Trump: We had the greatest economy in history.

Larry Kudlow: That's how you'd negotiate, though.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Larry Kudlow: That's the point I'm so driving at. Can --

Donald Trump: John Deere won't [Inaudible]

Larry Kudlow: John Deere won't do it because you're threatening -- I mean, you -- you -- you will jack up their tariffs, OK? They won't do it.

Donald Trump: It wouldn't be a threat.

Larry Kudlow: Now, to some extent --

Donald Trump: It's a fact.

Larry Kudlow: You're -- you're negotiating right now by saying this on the campaign trail. All right. You have an excellent chance of becoming president. They're getting the message. So, this is where you'll -- you will use tariffs to negotiate sometimes on trade; in this case, maybe on other things like Remain in Mexico, or perhaps China or perhaps other countries.

Larry Kudlow: I don't think people understand that. That's why I'm raising the question.

Donald Trump: A tariff is a beautiful thing, but it's got a bad image. It needs you to fix the image. A tariff -- we stop wars with tariffs. I mean, I had cases where I told a country they were being very aggressive with another country, had nothing to do with us. I just don't like seeing dead people, OK? And they were going to go to war.

Donald Trump: And I said, "If you go to war," and they do a lot of business with the United States, "I'm putting 100 percent tariff on everything you do, any business you do with us." "No, no, no, this has nothing to do." I said, "It does have." I stopped a war. Will I get Nobel prizes? Never. I mean, look what we did with the Abraham Accords, how good that was.

Donald Trump: But you can stop wars with tariffs, the word tariff, if properly used, not stupidly used. But we used them, and that was when our country was the richest. And, you know, a lot of people will say, "Well, but you had the depression in 19 --" Well, the tariffs were put on in 1932. The depression had long started.

Donald Trump: We went to the income tax system. We would be able to cut taxes for the people in this country and charge other countries for the use of our country, for the pillage of our country, for the taking of our jobs because that's what they're doing. And nobody is protecting our country. So, when I say the 15 percent -- and I had a lot of calls when I gave the speech and mentioned for the first time the 15.

Donald Trump: I had calls from the top analysts in the country and the world, guys that are on your show, saying, "Where did you ever come up with that idea?" Because the concept is 15, but you have to make your product here. "Who gave you that idea?" I said I did. I gave me that idea. And they said that idea is incredible because -- but you also have to protect that because you have other countries, because they have no labor, no this, no that, they can come in and undercut you.

Donald Trump: And you know what they do, Larry? They undercut you, they drive your businesses out of business, and then they come in for a much higher number.

Larry Kudlow: And you're still for reciprocity, the concept of reciprocity? If someone --

Donald Trump: If somebody is charging us 100, we charge them 100. If China charges us on a car 100 percent, we charge them on a car 100 percent. It's very simple. You know, I have a certain senator named Lindsey Graham, and he's not into this as much as he is other things.

Larry Kudlow: Yes.

Donald Trump: And he's a nice guy, good guy. And he's -- you know, he cares. He loves the country, even though he's a progressive. That's OK. These are minor details. But I said, "So, Lindsey, let's talk reciprocity." He talks about trade. He says, "Well, I'm not so much into trade." "Tell me," I said, "a country is charging us a 100 percent tariff. We're going to charge them for a similar product 100 percent tariff."

Donald Trump: He goes, "Ah, so they charge us, we charge them. You got my vote." You know, it's just simple, but we have guys even in Congress that, for whatever reason, they don't want to do it. They actually say it's not fair trade. And I say you're right, it's not fair trade, it's not fair trade for us. If we do this, we could become overnight a power again economically.

Donald Trump: We'll never be a power unless we do -- unless we charge and unless we -- because, you know, we've been giving foreign countries such benefits over the years. South Korea, we're basically paying for their military. You know, I had -- I had them paying 100 -- I had them paying billions of dollars. I went to them, I said, "You're not paying anything. You got to pay."

Donald Trump: And I had them paying billions of dollars. And I hear Biden gave it up for whatever reason. But look at the advantage they have when you do that. We have been helping countries. We're still helping countries come back from the Second World War. We helped Korea come back from the Korean War, but we never did anything about it.

Donald Trump: In other words, we've been helping them for many, many decades. It's time we stop. They're very -- they're a money machine. It's time we stop and be fair, but it's time we stop. We -- we are helping countries --

Larry Kudlow: But you would work a deal out with --

Donald Trump: Yeah, work a deal. I can work a deal.

Larry Kudlow: You would work a deal.

Donald Trump: I already did. I worked a deal, and then they gave it away.

Larry Kudlow: And you worked a deal out with Japan --

Donald Trump: Biden gave it away.

Larry Kudlow: In your term, also.

Donald Trump: Biden gave it away.

Larry Kudlow: Yes.

Donald Trump: They were paying -- they agreed to pay me billions of dollars. It was all done. They started paying. Then when he came in, they cut it. And I hear that they're paying nothing again. They were -- were they happy? Were they thrilled? Would they say they like me, as opposed to like a Biden where they can get ripped off? You know, I can't imagine they'd say they love me.

Larry Kudlow: South Korea is still an ally of the United States.

Donald Trump: Sure, it's an ally. But, you know, on trade, it's not an ally.

Larry Kudlow: Right. Right.

Donald Trump: On trade, it's an enemy.

Larry Kudlow: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's an enemy. You know, some of the worst people we have in terms of trade are our allies. Japan is, you know, an ally, right? And I make -- I made a deal there with Abe, who was a great man who got executed, who got -- I mean, just horrible, what happened. He was assassinated. But he was great. He was a great leader, too.

Donald Trump: And because I liked him so much, I probably made a softer deal than I would have normally made. But Japan, you know, rips us. They all rip -- almost every country rips us, and I stopped it. Now, China is one, but, you know, it's not just China.

Larry Kudlow: And that would be your policy in the second term?

Donald Trump: No, you have to protect --

Larry Kudlow: It has [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: First, the companies move in, but then you have to protect them, and you protect them with tariffs. And they either pay the tariff or they move a plant to the -- I want China to build plants for car plants -- as an example, I want China to build car plants here, not in Mexico.

Larry Kudlow: Yes. Well --

Donald Trump: And it's very simple. I mean, it's amazing that it's not done. And people come to me and they say, "Wow, that makes sense." But you have congressmen and people that are against it. I said to one man -- he's no longer in politics. He happened to be from Pennsylvania, happened to be a senator from Pennsylvania.

Donald Trump: I said, "So, let me get this straight. If China is charging us 100 percent tariff for a similar product, could I charge them 75?" "No." "Why?" "It's not free trade." I said, "OK. Could I charge them 50 percent they're charging?" "No, it's not --" "Could I charge them 25 or even 10 percent?" No, it's not --" I said, "Are you a stupid person or what's wrong with you?"

Larry Kudlow: Well, I just --

Donald Trump: And he never ran for office again.

Larry Kudlow: It becomes free trade.

Donald Trump: Let me tell you, he never ran for office again.

Larry Kudlow: I mean, you -- you -- I think, theoretically, with reciprocity in trade negotiations --

Donald Trump: Everybody gives up --

Larry Kudlow: You'd prefer free trade.

Donald Trump: And you go back to nothing, OK?

Larry Kudlow: Yes. I know people [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: This is a guy that people said were -- were smart. He never ran for office because I wouldn't give him an endorsement because I said, "Anybody that says that --" So, think of it. We're paying them 100 percent. We make them pay 100 percent. Two things -- one of two things are going to happen. We'll either collect the money or they're going to say, "Let's not pay and let's just go back to basics," right? But there are a lot of cases where they're charging us a tremendous amount and we charge them nothing. They're making a fortune.

Larry Kudlow: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: And by the way, that -- hence we have a $35 trillion of -- we can start cutting into that. We can have -- we -- we have a tremendous deficit in this country. We've had it for many, many -- for decades, right? But we have a tremendous deficit in this country. We can go to almost no deficit almost immediately.

Larry Kudlow: Let's talk -- you're right.

Donald Trump: Larry, one thing. It's -- it's -- we've treated the world nice for a long time. We've been run by stupid people that allowed us to get into this situation. And it's about time these other countries play a little ball with us. And all I want is fairness. And if they're fair, we have something that you've never seen in this country till, I mean, literally, the 1880s, the 1890s.

Donald Trump: But that was the time -- you know, you hear about wealth, but we were giving a lot away for a long time. That was the time we were the richest. We were so rich, and it was all based on tariffs. There was no income tax. It was all based on countries coming -- and if you look at some of McKinley's words, he was very beautiful in words we will not allow the pillage of our country.

Donald Trump: And if they're going to take our jobs and if they're going to do this and that, they've got to pay for it. And all I'm saying is that, they've got to pay for it.

Larry Kudlow: You've talked about a golden age.

Donald Trump: I have.

Larry Kudlow: You've talked about new industrialism and basing it around your lower taxes and deregulation and, of course, liquid gold and drill, baby, drill. So, there you have it. Now, there's a new ad up. Kamala Harris is saying taxes are going to have to go up. She's just saying that in the ad. Calculations are almost $3,000 per family based on her tax plan.

Larry Kudlow: She would do things that would drive investment away from this country, destroy businesses, damage households. Some people say it would cause -- even lead to a depression. I mean, there's a difference. You're -- you're the tax cutter. You're trying for a new golden age in this country. She's a tax hiker.

Larry Kudlow: In order to pay, she wants another $2 trillion in entitlements and spending. She said that in one of her economic speeches when she declared her candidacy. There's a big difference between the two of you.

Donald Trump: She wants to tax people but also businesses into other countries. You know, you know better than anybody -- probably better than anybody on the planet because you know every head of every company. You have interviews with them every once in a while, right? These are people that are probably more loyal to their company and their shareholders than they are to a country.

Donald Trump: And what happens is when you charge too much, what's going to happen, they're going to leave other countries. They're coming back to us at the 15 percent. They're going to make the product here. But what happens is they're loyal to the company and the stock price. And when Europe and other places -- look at what happened with Ireland and the pharmaceutical industry.

Donald Trump: I mean, they just stole it when we weren't -- you -- you -- so many of these companies are located in Ireland, and it was all based on tax policy. And if you follow Kamala -- Kamala, if you follow her, she doesn't know anything about it. Look, this woman ruined -- destroyed maybe the best city in the country, San Francisco.

Donald Trump: Now, it wasn't over tax. It was over defund the police and all sorts of other things, right? It was if you rob a store, you can go up to $950. And, you know, after that, we'll start getting angry at you. That was not a good policy either.

Larry Kudlow: I [Inaudible] based.

Donald Trump: She is -- she would be a disaster. But just so you understand, if -- if you followed her policy, you will end up in a 1929-style depression, 100 percent certain, and companies will flee and jobs will flee and everything is going to flee. We're going to have no -- you won't have a country left. And she's the only person I've ever seen that is campaigning on a massive tax hike.

Larry Kudlow: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I've never seen that before. Very interesting.

Larry Kudlow: The -- the Tax Foundation priced it out. She'd lose 800,000 jobs. But a lot of people have said her wealth taxes -- again, this unrealized capital gains -- maybe that doesn't apply to every American. I understand it. Although, if you own a farm or you own a ranch or you build a small business and they're going to make you pay an arbitrary tax on your capital, you'd have to raise money, sell stocks, or collapse. That's going to cause more selling.

Donald Trump: Depression.

Larry Kudlow: I mean, that is a depression.

Donald Trump: No -- and people will leave the country.

Larry Kudlow: I mean, smart people have talked about it. Steve Forbes is on my show the other night. He's a commonsense guy.

Donald Trump: Right.

Larry Kudlow: He said it would lead to a depression. So, it's not nothing.

Donald Trump: People will leave the country. You know, they used to leave the state.

Larry Kudlow: Yes. Right.

Donald Trump: Now, they leave the country.

Larry Kudlow: They just go. Right. Yeah.

Donald Trump: No, no. In the old days, they'd leave the state.

Larry Kudlow: Yeah.

Donald Trump: They'd go to some other state. They wouldn't -- like New York and they'd go someplace. Now, they leave the country. It's -- it would be a disaster.

Larry Kudlow: But you still want the dollar to be the world's reserve currency?

Donald Trump: Has to be. It has to be. That's the other thing, you lose the world currency, we will no longer have the currency. If we -- if that happens, we're -- we're no longer the world reserve currency, we're not -- we're not that incredible thing that we were. You know, it's rapidly going because we lose Russia, we lose this one, we lose that one.

Donald Trump: China would love to take over. I mean, the one that wants to take over is China with the one. They'd love to take over. You know that very well. If we lose that, we become somewhat of a third-world country because we have no borders right now. We're going to have strong borders in hopefully a few months.

Donald Trump: We have no borders. We need great borders. And you really need a free press. We really don't have a free press. You're free. There are some people that are free, but not too many. The press is very dishonest. I get to see it all the time because I will talk to them about something, give them the exact information that they're looking for.

Donald Trump: This is exacting stuff. And then they will purposely write it wrong. It's amazing.

Larry Kudlow: Amazing.

Donald Trump: So -- but you know that.

Larry Kudlow: I know. I understand. I know. I've had that experience. You've been visiting the hurricane victims and trying to raise money privately. FEMA now is saying -- Alejandro Mayorkas -- they don't have enough money for any additional hurricanes. We all thought they were chockful of money. That money has been given away to illegal immigrants --

Donald Trump: That's right.

Larry Kudlow: Almost one by one. I don't understand this. This is a perversion of policy.

Donald Trump: So, you don't understand it because it's not understandable.

Larry Kudlow: I saw him --

Donald Trump: In all fairness, it's not understandable. So, we now have no money that was supposed to be used for tragedy, for hurricanes. And this was a tragic hurricane. This was maybe the worst hurricane we've ever had. And he's got no money. And we say, "What happened to all the money?" They were given billions for this.

Donald Trump: He spent it on illegal migrants coming into the country, a big percentage of which are murderers. I don't know if you saw, 13,099 murderers. Many of them, I think 22 percent, they said, killed more than one person. Some killed more than five people. These people are now living happily in our country, OK? And only bad things are going to happen, terrorists.

Donald Trump: They have 645,000 very bad criminals coming in, with all of the others. And then they have 21 million people-plus, and a lot of those people aren't the greatest either. So, we are poisoning our country. Our country is being poisoned. Our country is being ruined. It's being ruined by these people. And they took billions of dollars and used it for settlements of people that came in, many of which are criminals.

Donald Trump: And the people in North Carolina and South Carolina and Georgia and Florida, Virginia, Tennessee, there's no money for them.

Larry Kudlow: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But they're giving people -- how about where they let them come in and stay in hotels, and our veterans are sleeping outside of the main door to the hotel, and they're watching migrants go into a hotel and sleep in a suite, and they're sitting on the sidewalk, and our veterans -- our great veterans. This is the worst administration.

Donald Trump: Let me tell you. If they were -- if they were modestly good, I wouldn't have even run. This is the worst administration.

Larry Kudlow: But they've spent this emergency money --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Larry Kudlow: On illegal migrants.

Donald Trump: They stole it. They stole it.

Larry Kudlow: This is also a perversion of what the congressional authority was. They just want to add --

Donald Trump: And they're trying to get those people to vote, Larry. They're trying to get those people to vote, just so you understand.

Larry Kudlow: Wow.

Donald Trump: They're trying to get them on the voter rolls. They want to put them on the Social Security rolls, which will destroy Social Security. This is the worst president in history. This is the worst administration in history. And she's worse than him. And actually, it's going to be hard to say this because he's pretty bad.

Donald Trump: She's actually less bright than he is. She has no clue what the hell she's doing. That's why she never does an interview, she never does a press conference because she can't talk. I watched Oprah where she was interviewed on Oprah. She can't talk. She can't open --

Larry Kudlow: Wow.

Donald Trump: She can't -- how does -- how do you deal with President Xi of China, who's a fierce person? Somebody said what's he like? He's a fierce person. He's very fierce. But Putin and all these people. She does Oprah. If you watched that, it's like what are we dealing with? She won't do a news conference. Look, Biden is brighter than she is. We've got a problem.

Larry Kudlow: Well --

Donald Trump: And then you look at the vice president. How about that? JD Vance was great.

Larry Kudlow: JD was terrific.

Donald Trump: Top student at Yale Law School, graduated with honors, all that.

Larry Kudlow: He did you proud.

Donald Trump: No, he was great.

Larry Kudlow: JD, he did you proud. You chose him, he did you proud.

Donald Trump: And so --

Larry Kudlow: I think so.

Donald Trump: But -- and I knew I was getting. I was getting, you know, a very smart guy. But how do you compare that with this guy that calls himself a knucklehead? He says that he's a knucklehead. He actually says that. It's a --

Larry Kudlow: Let me -- I want to --

Donald Trump: Can -- can he be president someday?

Larry Kudlow: I want to talk about Elon Musk for a minute --

Donald Trump: He's great.

Larry Kudlow: Who's come out strongly for you. And this business -- you talked about the New York Economic Club a couple of weeks ago. So, Elon wants to help with the efficiency commission. We had one like that in the Reagan years many years ago. You can use that.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Larry Kudlow: I mean, to me, this would be -- not only would you pare back unnecessary spending, but you'd have an opportunity, I think, sir, to go into these bureaucracies. I mean, you've got domestic bureaucracies. They have tenure. They don't -- they don't use Congress. They go off on their own. They're very liberal.

Larry Kudlow: They're very left. You've got issues in the FBI. You've got issues in the CIA. You've got issues in the Secret Service. I mean, to me, the Elon Musk commission could be a phenomenal weapon for better government and better growth.

Donald Trump: He'd be great. And, you know, he was telling me the other day, I got a lot of thank you's from North Carolina, from Georgia, in particular, from maybe North Carolina, but they both have the problem. North Carolina is a disaster, what's happened there. And, you know, the response has been the worst ever.

Donald Trump: It's been worse than Katrina, they say. That destroyed a certain person's reputation. I won't -- I'll be nice and not mention the name, but it destroyed the reputation.

Larry Kudlow: Yes.

Donald Trump: This is worse. The response here is worse. And they have no money, on top of everything else. But they came to me and they said, "Do you know Elon Musk?" I said yes. And he said, "We definitely -- we -- is there anything you can do to help us with Starlink," because they have no -- in North Carolina and in Georgia and in some others, too, they have no communication, whatsoever.

Donald Trump: All of the poles are down. All of the wires are down. They're all lying in the mud, right? And I said, "Well, what can I do?" They said, "We need help." And I called Elon. And I'm telling you, he was amazing. The call wasn't even over and Starlink units were being delivered to North Carolina and now to Georgia.

Donald Trump: Georgia called me a little bit later, and I said we'll get them. And they were very happy. The governor of Georgia is actually working very hard. Everybody was so happy. Elon delivered so quickly. I'm telling you, the phone wasn't -- I was getting calls, "Thank you very much." The call is not even over yet.

Donald Trump: And I said, "That's great, Elon. Thank you." It's a great thing, Starlink. But interestingly, we're hooking up internet out in the country, and they're spending billions and billions of dollars. So far, they haven't hooked up one home. He can do this with Starlink --

Larry Kudlow: Forty billion --

Donald Trump: Or the equivalent --

Larry Kudlow: Forty billion dollars unspent --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Larry Kudlow: In part because they didn't have the DEI requirements.

Donald Trump: And you can do that through the satellites, and you don't have -- you don't have any --

Larry Kudlow: I don't know. And they insulted Elon. And now, they're -- they're going to need him to restore power.

Donald Trump: Well, he was great. He -- he came through -- he does come through. He would be incredible on that commission and will --

Larry Kudlow: Well, that's the thing. And I -- I -- you not only cut spending. I think you can take a strong look at some of these agencies, and you know the ones I'm talking about.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Larry Kudlow: I mentioned them a moment ago that may -- that really are not doing their job. They've become very political.

Donald Trump: Well, the one thing we want to do is education. We want to move education back to the states.

Larry Kudlow: Right.

Donald Trump: We'll spend less than half. You have to see Washington. It seems like every building is Department of Education. For what? If you take a state, Iowa or Indiana or Idaho or, you know, states that really run well, you let them run their education. So, just quickly. So, we're in the -- we're among the worst in the world in education.

Donald Trump: They rate 40. We're 40, 38, 39 always. We're in the worst. We're No. 1 at one thing, cost per pupil. We spend so much more per pupil. So, we know it's no good. It's not working. If you gave this to good states, all states, but good states, you'd end up having 35 states that would be -- so No. 1 is like Norway, Denmark, Sweden.

Donald Trump: By the way, China is always in the top five. It's pretty good with 1.4 billion people. But those four and a couple of others, they're always in the top five. If you sent this money to states that are very well run -- we know the states. They have no debt. They have no problem. They don't even know what people are talking about.

Donald Trump: They have low taxes. Thirty-five states, maybe even a little more than that, will be great. Now, Gavin New-scum won't do a good job. Others won't do. It's California. Others won't do a good job. Florida would do a great job. You give it to Ron. Florida would do a good job. All of these states, they will be the equivalent of Norway, Denmark, Sweden.

Donald Trump: Now -- then you're going to have some that are going to be laggards and you'll help them out and you'll do whatever you have to do, but they'll be laggards. But we will spend less than half the money and we will have some unbelievable education going.

Larry Kudlow: And you're strong for school choice?

Donald Trump: Totally for school choice. Got to have it.

Larry Kudlow: You just talked about it yesterday.

Donald Trump: Yeah. You got to have it. School choice is very important. It's never talked about, but school choice is very important. It will happen.

Larry Kudlow: So, let me just -- you've been wonderful with your time, and I -- and I appreciate it. I personally appreciate it.

Donald Trump: Well, I have to say to your audience, number one, he's getting great ratings; and number two, if he wasn't, I'd still do the show because I love him. But he did an unbelievable job. He was great. And I refuse to ask you in front of your audience, would you like to come back because you know you'll be invited?

Larry Kudlow: Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: But Larry Kudlow has done a tremendous job in the administration. And then I'm so proud that you have such a successful show. So --

Larry Kudlow: Yes. Well, it's been a great ride.

Donald Trump: I don't -- I just don't know if they know how successful it is, right? I have to tell them.

Larry Kudlow: Yes. Thank you, sir. I appreciate it.

Donald Trump: Good job.

Larry Kudlow: You're very kind. Success is the best revenge. Success will bring the country together. Success will unite --

Donald Trump: Right.

Larry Kudlow: The country. You talked a lot about it at the convention. You still see --

Donald Trump: I said --

Larry Kudlow: You still see it that way? You still believe that?

Donald Trump: Well, when I was running things, we had the greatest economy in the history of our country. And I will tell you that our country was coming together. At the beginning, it's so vicious. But we had a time, two and a half years in, it was numbers that nobody's ever seen before.

Larry Kudlow: That's right.

Donald Trump: And people are calling me, they like to call themselves progressives or whatever, but people that were far left were calling me. They wanted to meet. They wanted to talk success. Everybody, men, women, people with the highest degree, people with no college degree, no high school degree, all different groups, young people, old people, there wasn't one group that wasn't doing the best ever in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: And our country was doing the best ever in the history of our country. We were taking in a lot of money from China. We were taking -- you know, with the tariffs and things and taxes, but -- but fairly. We were treating them fairly. My relationship [Audio gap] be very good. I'm -- I'm not sure they love me because of that, but -- but we would have a very good relationship with China, a very good relationship. You know, Larry, I had no wars.

Larry Kudlow: That's right.

Donald Trump: Now, the whole world is blowing up.

Larry Kudlow: That's right. That's right.

Donald Trump: There was no war in the world. And Viktor Orban said, "You get Trump back and he'll straighten things out because they were all afraid of Trump." I don't want to say that, but they were all afraid of Trump. I would say maybe they respected me. But he said not respect, they were afraid of him because they didn't know where he was coming from and they were afraid.

Donald Trump: Now, they're not afraid. They -- they look at this -- this group, these two people. Let me tell you, she will be a worse president than him. She will be a disaster. This country will go down. We won't have a country left. And I see the way they lie and the way they cheat and the way they've weaponized government, where they get the -- all they want to do, they will let somebody rob a bank, you can -- you're fine.

Donald Trump: You can do anything you want on the street. But they go after their political opponents. They go after religious people. They go after Catholics. I've never seen anything like it, what's going on. They go after Jewish people. They hate Israel. They hate Jewish people. They hate Jewish people. And how can you have this in our country? How can you have this as your president? So, we will see what happens.

Donald Trump: We're leading. I think we're doing very well. It was very unfair because they took somebody out who had 14 million votes. She had no votes. And they said -- you know, after the debate I had with Biden, his numbers weren't very good, and they said, "You're going to lose. You're getting out." They told him, "You're getting out."

Donald Trump: He said no, and they said, "You're getting out." They were going to play the 25th Amendment card, and he agreed to get out, very unhappy. He's a very unhappy man right now. But it was a coup. But from my standpoint, I spent $200 million on fighting him. We took a 21-point lead, a very big lead. We were going to win most likely, but we were going to win.

Donald Trump: All of a sudden, I have to fight somebody else. And they said honeymoon period. Well, now, she's had the honeymoon period, and now people have found out. She's a radical leftist. She's a Marxist. A lot of people don't know what a Marxist is. So, you could say communist. Not the same thing, but it's close.

Donald Trump: She's very bad for this country. She will destroy this country.

Larry Kudlow: Mr. President, thank you for your time --

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Larry Kudlow: And your wisdom.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Larry Kudlow: Appreciate it very much.