Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-laura-ingraham-fox-news-oval-office-tour-march-18-2025

Laura Ingraham: So, you brought how many paintings into the Oval Office this time? Very different from the first one.

Donald Trump: Well, I'm going to show you a lot. It's much different, never been like that. You had some of those paintings in vaults and safes for 100 years.

Laura Ingraham: Wow.

Donald Trump: They haven't been exposed.

Laura Ingraham: How did you pick --

Donald Trump: I went by the presidents. I picked presidents, all -- almost all presidents, some Supreme Court justices -- after you.

Laura Ingraham: Are you -- are you paving over the grass here?

Donald Trump: What was happening is it's supposed to have events. Every event you have, it's soaking wet.

Laura Ingraham: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's soaking wet. And people can't -- and the women with the high heels, it's just too much.

Laura Ingraham: That's where you did the Kavanaugh --

Donald Trump: That's where we did --

Laura Ingraham: Kavanaugh thing.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Laura Ingraham: Amy Coney Barrett.

Donald Trump: And -- and the grass just -- it doesn't work and we have a gorgeous stone and everything else.

Laura Ingraham: OK.

Donald Trump: But, you know, we use it for press conferences, and it doesn't work because the people fall into the -- you know, into the wet --

Laura Ingraham: The roses stay, the grass goes?

Donald Trump: The roses stay. No, it's a rose garden. No, all of this is just the center section. It's going to -- I think it's going to be beautiful. I think it's going to be more beautiful. Look at that view over there. See that?

Laura Ingraham: Pretty nice.

Donald Trump: Look at that. How is that, pretty good?

Laura Ingraham: Pretty beautiful.

Donald Trump: It's a great place.

Laura Ingraham: So you thought there's no doubt you're -- you're coming back into office when you walked out of here?

Donald Trump: Well, I felt that, but I didn't know that.

Laura Ingraham: Is that a -- that's --

Donald Trump: Let me say it, I didn't know if I was going to run because I knew how much I won that election by. But if I -- if I thought I didn't win the election, I absolutely wouldn't have run.

Laura Ingraham: Wow.

Donald Trump: But because of the fact I did so well, it was such a horrible election.

Laura Ingraham: But if you didn't run, they would never come after you legally. They never would have done all that to you. If you didn't run, they would have let you alone.

Donald Trump: I was told, so I took a big chance.

Laura Ingraham: Yeah, you sure did.

Donald Trump: No, I took a big risk actually.

Laura Ingraham: And the mug shot --

Donald Trump: Nobody's ever told me that, what you just said. Nobody's ever said it. That's exactly correct. If I didn't run, none of this --

Laura Ingraham: Oh, no, no. They wouldn't have had any investigation. None of it would have happened.

Donald Trump: They hated me, but you have to get on with your life.

Laura Ingraham: They'd be on to the next target.

Donald Trump: Right.

Laura Ingraham: They would have been on to the next target.

Donald Trump: It's so interesting. You're right about that.

Laura Ingraham: Yeah. But that's a pretty big -- that's a -- that's a pretty big gamble.

Donald Trump: That was a big risk. So, this is the Oval Office, and we've spent a lot of time and a lot of effort. We've taken a lot of great paintings out of the vault. And I don't know, maybe you could circle that somehow. So, here's a question I ask. So, Reagan has a place of prominence and George Washington has a place of prominence -- prominence.

Donald Trump: And I've asked this question maybe 200 times, people come in. I said, "So, who would you put in the place of prominence, George Washington or Ronald Reagan? Who would you put?"

Laura Ingraham: Washington.

Donald Trump: So, far it's 219 to zero, and they like Reagan.

Laura Ingraham: Oh, I love Reagan.

Donald Trump: But here's what they like more than anything. So, this is the Declaration of Independence.

Laura Ingraham: Wow.

Donald Trump: And they -- they ask that this be done. It's never been up. It's been in the vaults for many, many decades. And they said we have to do something like drapes or something because the light eventually affects it. And it's very cool.

Laura Ingraham: Oh, my gosh.

Donald Trump: Isn't that great? Just went up yesterday.

Laura Ingraham: Wow.

Donald Trump: You think Joe Biden would do this? I don't think so. Do you think he'd think of it? Do you think he knows what it is?

Laura Ingraham: Oh, wow.

Donald Trump: No, but look at this. So -- but this was -- none of these pictures were up. You know, very few, like very little. And it's been -- it's been great.

Laura Ingraham: Now, there was a lot made on another network about you're bringing in the gold accents --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Laura Ingraham: To Trumpify the Oval Office.

Donald Trump: It needed a little life.

Laura Ingraham: So, you have the mantle and you have the cherubs from --

Donald Trump: That's right. Yeah.

Laura Ingraham: Is that from Mar-A-Lago?

Donald Trump: Yeah. That's actually -- they're gold, all gold. Look. And, you know, it's angels. They say angels bring good luck, and we need a lot of luck in this country with what they've done over the last four years. So, take a look. Do you know that -- little secret? I don't know if you're going to waste your time putting this on. But throughout the years, people have tried to come up with a gold paint that would look like gold.

Donald Trump: And they've never been able to do it.

Laura Ingraham: Can't do it.

Donald Trump: You've never been able -- look at that. Look. You've never been able to match gold with gold paint. That's why it's gold. And this is very important, very proud of this, Gulf of America. And in fact, Elon said to me, "You know, we're landing in the Gulf of America." So, he was saying -- and he said it naturally, he said it so routinely.

Donald Trump: He said, "Yeah, the capsule, you know, is landing in the Gulf of America." So, I called Elon, "Where is it dropping down?" He said, "Gulf of America." How cool is that right?

Laura Ingraham: What do you think all these presidents would think right now of the state of the country?

Donald Trump: I think they'd be proud of our country. I think, a year ago, they would have been disgraced by our country. And I think today, they're proud of our country. This is the Resolute desk, by the way. I had that just redone by an unbelievable group. They -- they do only the White House furniture. They do only -- very special.

Donald Trump: This is the Resolute desk. Many great presidents sat behind that desk, and many didn't. I mean, you know, they have seven -- when you're president, they give you a choice of seven desks. This is the one.

Laura Ingraham: Why -- why did you want this one?

Donald Trump: Just like -- I like the history. You had Reagan, you had Kennedy. That was the famous one with John-John, who I knew very well, and he was a friend of mine. He was a great guy. He would have been maybe president someday. He would have been a real chance to be -- he was going to get into politics. He was actually a great guy, John-John.

Donald Trump: But remember, when he was a young boy, the picture of him at the bottom of the desk.

Laura Ingraham: Where's the Coke button?

Donald Trump: It's right here.

Laura Ingraham: Is that on the desk?

Donald Trump: Everyone thinks that's the nuclear -- everyone thinks that's the nuclear weapon. They think it's a nuclear weapon. They say if I press this, it's the end of the world.

Laura Ingraham: Oh, and then there's like 50,000 --

Donald Trump: It doesn't seem to work out then.

Laura Ingraham: Fifty thousand --

Donald Trump: Doesn't that look beautiful, though, over there?

Laura Ingraham: Beautiful.

Donald Trump: To me, you know, it looks beautiful. The Gulf of America, look at that.

Laura Ingraham: Which one's better? Which one --

Donald Trump: I'll take the Declaration of Independence. I think so. Isn't that cool?

Laura Ingraham: When's the first time you signed -- the way you sign your name, it's just people are so fascinated by it. Have you had that signature since you were little?

Donald Trump: Pretty much, but it's become sharper. In other words, if I look at it from 20 years ago, it was similar, but it was much softer.

Laura Ingraham: And you like -- you like when your staff secretary reads out the executive orders to you when you're signing it?

Donald Trump: I only do that for the media, for the fake news.

Laura Ingraham: Oh, OK.

Donald Trump: This way. Yeah, they read it out. And, you know, I'll do now because I don't even have to move. I'll do them just -- I'll sit here, I'll do them, and you can do a lot. They get a kick when I'm doing other work and doing a news conference when you had another guy that couldn't name his favorite ice cream.

Donald Trump: They always used to ask him, "What's your favorite ice cream?" "Vanilla." Oh, great. He's done a press conference, ladies and gentlemen. It was crazy.

Laura Ingraham: Will you talk to him again, do you think? Joe Biden.

Donald Trump: Yeah, I'll talk to him. Sure.

Laura Ingraham: Do you ever call any former --

Donald Trump: You should see --

Laura Ingraham: President? Do you any -- call any of the former presidents?

Donald Trump: No, not much.

Laura Ingraham: No.

Donald Trump: A lot was made out of the fact that I got along very well with President Obama, right? You saw that.

Laura Ingraham: Yeah, it seems so.

Donald Trump: I can -- you know, I can do things that a lot of people --

Laura Ingraham: You were friends with pretty much all of them at one point.

Donald Trump: I just didn't like the job they did --

Laura Ingraham: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Because it's not about friends. I didn't like the job they did. They let our country down.