Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-domenech-the-spectator-february-27-2025

Note: [The Spectator released an interview conducted with Donald Trump by Ben Domenech on their website, in advance of the article in their April, 2025 edition. The transcript states at the top the interview was edited, but does not indicate what was edited. The following is presented with that caveat. The transcript was cross-checked for accuracy against the audio and lightly edited to correct transcription errors. Interview and audio courtesy and copyright The Spectator. Link: https://cqrc.al/the-spectator-20250227]

Ben Domenech: The change that you've done this time in terms of your approach, the speed is all anything -- that is the only thing people this time can talk about.

Donald Trump: They can't believe it.

Ben Domenech: They can't believe it. You have put the fear of God into bureaucrats and Eurocrats so quickly.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Ben Domenech: And I just wonder, what is it that you learned from the last time around that maybe factored into how rapidly you started moving when you got back in?

Donald Trump: So, the last time, first of all, I had never done it before. And then, all of a sudden, I'm standing in the White House, and they say, "Congratulations. You're president." Right? But I didn't know people in Washington. It was a big factor. So, I had to rely on people, and I got many good recommendations, but I got some that I wouldn't have ever used again if I had known.

Donald Trump: So, I really got to know people, really, at a high level and under pressure. So, I always felt that if I could get back, I would have some great people, and you see the kind of people -- they're really good.

Ben Domenech: Well, the interesting thing about those people included in that, thank you so much, is last time around, the talk was about Trump's generals. This time around, from Mike Waltz to JD to Tulsi to Pete, they're all people who were making decisions on the battlefield, not in the boardroom.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Ben Domenech: What factored into that generational shift in terms of the experience of the Iraq war and the like?

Donald Trump: Yeah. It's very interesting. So, I was able to get people that were great. Like, I'd see Pete. I'd be interviewed by him. And what he wanted to talk about was military. In fact, whenever he called me, it was always to get somebody that was in trouble because he was too aggressive militarily out of a jail.

Donald Trump: You know, I got numerous soldiers out of jails because they did what they were trained to do. The liberals within the military put them in jails. They teach him to be a soldier. They teach him to kill bad people, and when they kill bad people, they want to put them in jail for 30 years, OK? And Pete was really into that.

Donald Trump: I always thought of him for that. I did. But I mean, honestly, Ben, it was just the fact that I've been here for four years under great pressure. But one of the big things is that if you think about it, when I was first elected, I had two jobs: to run the country and to survive. And it was vicious what they were doing.

Ben Domenech: Well, I mean, that survival, that path back is, you know -- and I said this on election night. I think it's the most incredible story in American political history. And I don't think that there are a lot of people who disagree with me on that. One lesson, though, is about the nature of how big that fight is. And I wondered if you had some historical perspective --

Donald Trump: That fight was big. I mean, they were vicious, and they were cheaters.

Ben Domenech: You know, in 1960, Richard Nixon knew the election was stolen from him, and he made the decision to walk away. And then obviously, after Watergate, facing impeachment, etc., he chooses to walk away again. Is one of the lessons of history that you've got to just keep fighting, that you've got to keep fighting through this?

Donald Trump: You've got to keep fighting. So, Richard Nixon was a different kind of a guy, and he was a tough cookie, and he was very smart. People don't realize how smart he was. But he made one bad decision. He didn't fight. I spoke to his family. They say he regretted that until the day he died. He didn't fight.

Ben Domenech: I don't think anybody's been surrounded by as many enemies as you other than him, perhaps.

Donald Trump: Yeah. He had a lot. I might have had more.

Ben Domenech: You might have had more.

Donald Trump: I actually might have had more. Don't forget, I went through two impeachments and probably 80 indictments, if you think, you know, with all the different charges.

Ben Domenech: Well, and trying to ruin you afterwards was something we had never seen before in terms of the American political system.

Donald Trump: Yeah. I went through even civil cases. I still go through them, you know, where a woman I never -- I have no idea who this woman is. And judges that were so crooked, people that valued a home in Florida at $18 million when it's worth --

Ben Domenech: That was perhaps the most ridiculous.

Donald Trump: Yeah, perhaps.

Ben Domenech: There were a lot of ridiculous ones.

Donald Trump: Perhaps 100 times that amount. So many things. But I did. I went through a lot, but I tried not to -- I just put my head down and just did it.

Ben Domenech: Well, your toughness when you were in office is one of the reasons that we didn't see the Ukraine war happen. You sent the Javelins to the Ukrainians.

Donald Trump: It would have never happened.

Ben Domenech: It never would have happened. I think without the weakness in Afghanistan, you know, we would not have seen Putin so --

Donald Trump: I think it was the day that -- well, once I was out -- he would have never done it. I used to talk to him about it. I got along with him very well. I knew him very well. I used to tell him, "You can't do that. You're not going to do that." But, you know, you mentioned something that a lot of people forgot about.

Donald Trump: So, when those tanks came in, it was over for Ukraine. And then they got stuck in the mud. They got stuck, actually. They couldn't get out. And if you remember, there's a statement: Obama gave them sheets, and Trump gave them Javelins. But I gave them the Javelins, and they used those Javelins.

Ben Domenech: They did, and the Ukrainians thank you for it.

Donald Trump: And that changed the entire scope of the war because -- I was just talking about it today with the head of NATO. He said those tanks were going as fast as they could go right into Kyiv. You know, they were only 70 miles -- 79 miles out, 79. And they got sucked. And when they had those Javelins, man, it was -- and it really changed the whole course of the war.

Ben Domenech: I think the question on the minds of a lot of Americans and a lot of Ukrainians, a lot of other people is, how can the shape of this deal that needs to be made, first to stop the fighting and then to stop war, be something where, even when someone who's not as tough as you is sitting behind this desk someday, the Russians don't just roll back westward again?

Donald Trump: It's very interesting. That whole war is so sad. The sad part of that war is it would have never happened. I mean, I tell you, as sure as you're sitting there, zero chance. I used to talk to Putin about it. "You can't do it, can't do it." And he and I had good understandings together. He's a tough guy. He's a smart guy.

Donald Trump: Very smart. Very interesting. But he's a tough cookie. And there was no chance it could have happened. You're right about Afghanistan. But of course, Afghanistan wouldn't have happened either. It showed that he thought we were a paper tiger maybe for the first time ever. He was concerned with us, and then he thought we were a paper tiger.

Donald Trump: It looked so bad. It was such an embarrassment, I think the most embarrassing, you know, period of time in the history of our country, actually. And you had a president that couldn't explain anything. He couldn't talk to anybody. And it was a disaster, the whole thing. That was a disaster. How about leaving them billions of dollars' worth of equipment?

Donald Trump: Do you know they're the second or third most -- biggest seller of arms in the world right now? Because they're selling all the stuff that we gave them, brand-new, 777,000 rifles, 70,000 trucks, many of them armor-plated. Now, think of that. I don't know how they could have brought so much stuff there when you think of it, right?

Donald Trump: Seventy-thousand trucks. Think of a used car lot. If you had 300 cars, it would be a massive company. But with all of that being said, the hardest part for me is to think that all of these kids are dying. This week, they're going to lose 2,000 guys. Now, they're Ukrainian. They're Russian. Ukrainian and Russian.

Donald Trump: But you hate to see that. You know, it's human beings, right? And it's such a bad war, and it's such a vicious war. It's really a bad one. You know, it's a drone war. It's a whole new form of warfare that's taking place. It's actually terrible and sort of amazing. People are studying it. You know, the Koreans went in because they wanted to learn.

Donald Trump: They learned the hard way. This was not good. They have suffered tremendous casualties.

Ben Domenech: Is the answer that the Europeans just need to step up?

Donald Trump: Well, they have to step up, but they also have to get equipment. They have to spend more money. They don't have --

Ben Domenech: Are you willing to give them a friends-and-family deal if they start buying it from us?

Donald Trump: Well, you mean for here?

Ben Domenech: For hardening themselves up to the degree that they --

Donald Trump: Well, they're going to have to. Look, we -- you know, they give a lot of older equipment, things that they're not using anymore. We're giving them brand-new stuff. The bad part about the Biden thing is that Europe put up approximately $100 billion, and they get their money back. We have three times that amount, and we didn't get anything back.

Donald Trump: Now, tomorrow, President Zelenskyy is coming. We're going to sign a rare earth deal because they have among the best rare earth in the world. You've heard that. And we'll, you know, we'll get our money back plus, and I feel better about it. But the biggest tragedy is the death. You know, the death is so bad.

Donald Trump: I hate the money aspect of it, but I hate to see -- this week, they have over 2,000 casualties. This is in a week. They give me reports every week.

Ben Domenech: In terms of the British Royal Navy, I don't know if you know this, the entire personnel -- keep in mind, Royal Navy ruled the seas. You know, they ran the Empire. The entire British Navy force today could not fill the Naval Academy Stadium at Annapolis, the entire personnel. I mean, that's how far behind they are.

Ben Domenech: Their ships are old. Their equipment has not been kept up. And it's a real problem. So, how do we get that to change?

Donald Trump: It is old. They all have old. You know, it just came up today. They wanted some ships in that war, and the Europeans have very old ships, ships that don't work, ships that are not functioning at all. They really don't have too much of a Navy situation. Probably, the best is U.K., but, you know, it's in need of help.

Donald Trump: He just left, you know.

Ben Domenech: Yes, the new prime minister. What did you think of him?

Donald Trump: He's very -- I mean, I have to say -- well, he was very nice. You know, we had a very good meeting.

Ben Domenech: He's a little different than Boris.

Donald Trump: He's different. Different type, yeah. Did you watch it? Did you see it?

Ben Domenech: Yes, I did.

Donald Trump: What did you think? What was your impression?

Ben Domenech: Well, I agreed with your assessment that his voice is quite impressive.

Donald Trump: It's good. No, right? I said, "That's a beautiful voice. Beautiful." The whole thing, you know, highly --

Ben Domenech: But the problem is that he runs -- and your vice president obviously eloquently pointed this out in Munich. He runs a nation now that is removing the security elements on Apple phones so that they can --

Donald Trump: Yeah. We told them, "You can't do this."

Ben Domenech: Yeah. Tulsi, I saw --

Donald Trump: We actually told them. That's incredible. That's something, you know, that you hear about with China.

Ben Domenech: They put people in jail in Britain for praying in their own homes, silently.

Donald Trump: Yeah. But you were having that with Biden, too, if you think. And it's not Biden. It was the people that surrounded this desk. No, actually, this desk is a different desk.

Ben Domenech: Yes, it's a different desk. I was going to --

Donald Trump: The other one comes back. It just was in need of a little refurbishment. So, anyway -- so did you see this? You've been -- how often have you been in this office?

Ben Domenech: So, I was in this office with every president, except for Biden. In fact, I got an interview with somebody. That's how old I am in terms of politics.

Donald Trump: So, you started when?

Ben Domenech: Bill Clinton era.

Donald Trump: That's not old.

Ben Domenech: Well, it's older than your vice president.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Well, that's true. He's doing a good job if you take a look at this. He had like two pictures up, and he couldn't tell you who they were. And now, you look. And, you know, we took them out of the vaults. We have incredible vaults of things. They have 3,900 paintings.

Ben Domenech: Do they inspire you, or do they intimidate, in a way, just to see all the different --

Donald Trump: Well, it's great. I mean, look, George Washington back there and Thomas Jefferson. They're great. I even have an FDR up there. A lot of people say, "Why do you have FDR?" I said, "Well, he was a serious president, whether you agree with him or not."

Ben Domenech: Yeah, absolutely.

Donald Trump: He was definitely serious, right?

Ben Domenech: A hundred percent.

Donald Trump: And so, it's good.

Ben Domenech: The Starmer interactions, I'm just curious if there was anything that came out of them that you feel particularly positive about in terms of --

Donald Trump: I thought he was -- I will say, you know, I know where he comes from, from a political standpoint, right? I was surprised we got along very well. I mean, it was actually -- we had a lunch that ended up being longer than we thought. That's always a good sign, you know, longer in the sense that we got along.

Donald Trump: I thought he was very good. I met him twice before. You know, he came to see me twice before, but this time was the best. And I think we got along very well. And you want to keep that relationship with them. But you're right. Their policies are changing. You know, I have a lot of property over there as a real estate person.

Donald Trump: I own Turnberry, which is a big deal, and I own in Aberdeen, and I own in Ireland, a great thing on the ocean, beautiful thing, beautiful club and a hotel. And they're doing well. You know, the reason the country is doing well from that standpoint is because the dollar is forcing people to leave the country.

Donald Trump: You know, our dollar valuation is forcing people to leave the country.

Ben Domenech: He clearly made a decision early on that he needed to get to know you. But that's not been the attitude of some of these other left-center politicians. Chrystia Freeland up in Canada was doing a debate. She's trying to lead the Liberal Party up there now into this election. And she said that there needs to be a nuclear alliance with other European nations and Japan against the United States because you're predatory.

Donald Trump: She's terrible. I'll tell you what. I know her very well.

Ben Domenech: I'm sorry.

Donald Trump: I know. No, I know her very well. She's absolutely terrible for the country. She's incompetent in many respects and can only cause ill will for Canada. In fact, Governor Trudeau understood that. I call him Gov. Governor Trudeau understood that. And he actually fired her because of a meeting he had with me. I said, "She is so bad." She's bad for the country.

Donald Trump: You know, if she were talented -- I know people that are sort of bad people, but they do a good job running a country. Who's going to get the nomination, do you think?

Ben Domenech: I don't know. After that debate, they all seemed -- she was the nuttiest, but they all seemed pretty nutty to me.

Donald Trump: She's a whack.

Ben Domenech: The Conservatives obviously have taken a hit in the polls since some of the comments that you've made that the Liberals have leaned into. Do you think that they're still going to be able to pull it out up there?

Donald Trump: Well, I think his biggest problem is he's not a MAGA guy, you know? I mean, he's really not. He's not a Trump guy at all.

Ben Domenech: He's more of a throwback Republican.

Donald Trump: He's different. Making a big mistake. They all make that mistake. You know, they think they're going to be the tough guy, and they're going to knock out Trump, and they end up getting the hell beat out of them. So, I don't know. I mean, I can't tell you Pierre. I just don't know. I don't like what he's saying about me. He's just not positive about me. And we've done a great job.

Donald Trump: We got elected when, I would say, the odds were pretty much against -- I always felt -- you know, it's very interesting. People say the greatest comeback in political history, like you said, and I don't even view it as a comeback. The election of 2020 was rigged. It was a rigged election, totally rigged election.

Donald Trump: And I don't forget that either. Totally rigged. But this one was much bigger. I will say, a lot of people say that historically, this is so much bigger than if I had done it the more traditional way.

Ben Domenech: You know, a lot of people who played a significant role in that election, particularly on the tech side of things, have come around to support you. How much do you --

Donald Trump: Unbelievable. Yeah. I had dinner with Jeff Bezos last night.

Ben Domenech: How much do you trust someone like Jeff Bezos or one of these billionaires to be truly in that --

Donald Trump: Who do I trust? I mean, who do you trust? Do you trust anybody? These are very smart guys. And I always say to them -- we have dinners together, usually started by them. I'm so busy with all of this between China, Russia, Ukraine. I've got more things happening. But I always love to just sort of look at them and say, "Hi. Where do you come from?" "I came from Hawaii to have dinner." That was good.

Donald Trump: I said, "Would you have been here if I lost?" You know, I was -- "Would you have been here if I lost it?" They never answer that question. Actually, they just sort of shy away from it.

Ben Domenech: If you trust him -- do you trust him? He just paid a lot of money for James Bond. Do you trust him to make him great again?

Donald Trump: Who paid a lot of money? Did he?

Ben Domenech: Jeff Bezos --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Oh, did he buy the James Bond series?

Ben Domenech: Yes. He bought the rest of the franchise. He bought it away from the Broccoli family, so he has total control. He's asking Twitter, he's asking X what they want in the next James Bond.

Donald Trump: That's interesting. Well, James Bond -- did he pay a lot?

Ben Domenech: Yes. Undisclosed, but rumors of a billion.

Donald Trump: Yeah. So, it's a lot. I like him. I tell you what, I like these guys, but I have to -- so when you ask about the difference, so the first time, these guys were bitter enemies. I never even understood it. I didn't know him. I didn't know Zuckerberg. I didn't know Jeff. I didn't -- when you look at the inauguration, it was a who's who of every single one of them, every single guy who was there, but every single person was here.

Ben Domenech: Their priorities, though, and the kind of populist priorities of your voters don't necessarily align on everything.

Donald Trump: Probably.

Ben Domenech: So, are you going to have to tell them no on some of the things that they're going to ask of you?

Donald Trump: Sure. I just do what's right. You know, I have a lot of money. I don't need money. I don't need anything. One of the things we're doing over here is very interesting. I'm a very good developer. I do it really good. You can ask a lot of people. I mean, I did it really well for a long time, and they've always needed a ballroom here.

Donald Trump: It's big. You know, it's complicated because of the architectural structures and the architectural heritage of the White House. And one of the things I'm going to do -- and it was sort of interesting. "Who gets to approve it?" "You do, sir." I said, "I do?" Normally, I have to go to zoning. You know, I go through the zoning, and I've always been a king of zoning.

Donald Trump: I get whatever, but I do good work. So, one of the things I'm going to do is build a beautiful, magnificent ballroom at the White House, beautiful ballroom. They always wanted to have a -- hey, get me the picture -- there's a picture of a ballroom that I have. You show. And it keeps my real estate juices flowing.

Donald Trump: But it'll be beautiful. But they've always wanted a ballroom. You know, they only have the East Room, which is really very small.

Ben Domenech: You know, one thing that's been interesting, I'm just looking at this picture of the Gulf, you've had some very positive, I think, reaction to the things you've been saying about Panama. Do you think that more people should be looking -- from America, more businesses should be looking to invest in Panama versus perhaps Mexico or something like that?

Donald Trump: Well, I had a very bad experience in Panama. I built a building there with a group, and it was a beautiful building. It's the tallest building in South America. And the government -- this was probably 13 years ago. The government was very difficult. And the building was successful. I made a lot of money on it, but basically --

Aide: Mar-a-Lago ballroom?

Donald Trump: Yeah. Look at this. So, it'll be something like that inside.

Ben Domenech: Well, that'll be quite the place.

Donald Trump: That's what they're -- they're looking for that so badly for years. You know, they put tents up on the lawn. You can't really --

Ben Domenech: Yeah. I know, I know. I've seen them do it before.

Donald Trump: And a tent is not good.

Ben Domenech: Especially with fancy people in high heels trying to walk across the grass.

Aide: Yeah. Plastic.

Donald Trump: And soft plastic.

Ben Domenech: She knows exactly what I'm talking about.

Aide: Yes.

Donald Trump: And soft plastic. Well, I'll go -- another one. Let me give you then as long as -- so, you've been here many times. You see the grass outside, right?

Ben Domenech: Yeah.

Donald Trump: So, we're going to make that into a stone surface because you can't have it -- yesterday, we had a lot of press here because of -- for the obvious, right?

Ben Domenech: It just turns into mud.

Donald Trump: They can't stand on it. So, we're doing a beautiful -- it's going to be beautiful. It's going to look -- I think it's actually going to look better. But some people would like to leave it. But the problem is you can't. We had the press here yesterday. Do you see the women there? They're going crazy. The grass was wet.

Donald Trump: Their heels are going right through the grass, like four inches deep. It was -- so we're going to make that into a beautiful --

Ben Domenech: Can I ask you a question about the press? There's an anchor named Jake Tapper you may have heard of.

Donald Trump: Yeah, yeah.

Ben Domenech: I recall an interaction that he had with your daughter-in-law about Joe Biden's mental decline, where he accused her of mocking his stutter. And now, he's announced just the other day that he has a new book on the whole thing.

Donald Trump: Bad timing.

Ben Domenech: Is it wrong for him to profit from a conspiracy that he was basically part of?

Donald Trump: Yeah. I thought that interchange -- because I saw it yesterday. I thought -- you know, she's an amazing person. She's very smart, very -- I actually put her in charge of the RNC along with Michael Whatley. And she's really -- and nobody complained about nepotism. You know, she's such a smart person and got the job done, finished it up. And she said, "Dad, now I want to go back home." You know, didn't want to stay and have fun.

Donald Trump: She could have been a senator very easily in North Carolina if she wanted that. In fact, Ted Budd, who's doing a great job, but he said, "I'm not running if she runs." Nobody could have beaten her. She's amazing. But I watched that interchange, and I thought her attitude was so cool. You know, the attitude of just amazement that a man could do this and he could say -- well, he's lost tremendous credibility, but everybody has.

Ben Domenech: Yeah. I mean, Margaret Brennan the other day, interacting with Secretary Rubio, saying that the Holocaust was caused by free speech. I mean, what do you think when you see something like that?

Donald Trump: Margaret Brennan. I call it Deface the Nation. Margaret Brennan is like anybody on the street that you could take and say, "Go in and ask a few questions." That was so bad.

Ben Domenech: It's embarrassing.

Donald Trump: I don't get it. How do you hire some of these people?

Ben Domenech: Well, it's also embarrassing how quickly -- I mean, you saw the "60 Minutes" reaction to what the vice president was saying about German censorship. They do this whole thing defending German censorship. If you're someone like me in media, it feels like they're just leaning into the idea that if they ever get the reins of power again, they're just going to censor Americans again.

Ben Domenech: They're just going to propagandize like they have. How do you prevent something like that?

Donald Trump: Well, first, Jake and then "60 Minutes" because I got to tell you about "60 Minutes." It was amazing. But how anybody could have said that he's at the top of his game -- and let me tell you, if you're not at the top of your game -- and I know people that are much older than him that are at the top of their game.

Donald Trump: I know people that are older than him that I've known for a long time, and they're sharper at 88 than they were when they were 58. But he's not. And, you know, I know all of his opponents, the heads of every country. I've gotten to know all of them very well. They're all at the top of their game. And you can't have that.

Donald Trump: That's why we're in this war. That's why Afghanistan happened, which, as you said, led to a lot of problems beyond even Afghanistan, including the deaths and all of the horrible -- you know, we had 42 soldiers without legs or arms, the face was -- nobody ever talks about them. And we had the 13 that died.

Donald Trump: How a legitimate journalist can try and stick up for that. And I watched him, and he looked so stupid, you know.

Ben Domenech: Well, a lot of people definitely did.

Donald Trump: The only thing I can say about him is he did the debate, and he was very, very fair. And so was Dana. Or is Dana, as you would call her. So was Dana.

Ben Domenech: But they both also looked a bit surprised by what they were seeing play out in front of them.

Donald Trump: Yeah. But they were still -- I was very surprised because, you know, I took that debate knowing it was CNN and knowing I had two very, very hostile anchors. I think you're great, too. I love watching you. I love watching you on television.

Ben Domenech: I appreciate it.

Donald Trump: You have some good guys you work with, too.

Ben Domenech: I do. One more --

Donald Trump: Yeah. It's so hard to believe that these guys could keep their credibility. So, let me ask you. So, we go to the debate, and I walk in, and I sort of look -- he wasn't looking good. But then he had a lot of white, very white, too white, you know. If he did better in the debate, would he have been changed or not?

Donald Trump: If he was normal in the debate, would it have changed, or was the debate -- he blames the debate for the reason he had to get out.

Ben Domenech: Yeah.

Donald Trump: That was -- it was just too bad.

Ben Domenech: Yeah. Well, I think that's one of the reasons why he actually looked pretty happy when you met him after the election.

Donald Trump: But I asked him. You know, I went to the White House a few months before this all happened. I guess I had one and not just the one sit-down before. But I went there, and he asked for a meeting. And I went, and we talked for a little while. And at first, I couldn't -- you couldn't -- he talked so low. And then he started getting more -- and I asked him.

Donald Trump: I said, "So, who do you blame?" Because he was very angry. You know, he was a very angry guy, actually. And he said, "I blame Barack." And I never think of him as Barack. You know, you always hear Obama. You say -- you have to think about that for a second. And he said, "And I also blame Nancy Pelosi." I said, "What about the vice president?" He said, "No, I don't blame her," which was interesting.

Donald Trump: He didn't blame her. He blamed -- he told me he blamed those two people.

Ben Domenech: And yet they're still in charge of that party, it seems like. You know, you took a party that was, you know, really floundering and had just done the autopsy a couple of years earlier, and you turned it around. I know that they're not going to listen to whatever advice you give them, but what advice would you give Democrats about what they should be doing?

Donald Trump: Well, I actually gave the Republicans advice the other day. Don't keep harping on all these incredible things that we have. Just save it for the election, you know, because you don't want them to change. [Audio gap] a lot of people talked about inflation or the economy. I put the open border as the No. 1 issue.

Ben Domenech: Well, let's talk about that for a minute. You have -- obviously, your State Department at your direction has now named -- done something that I and a lot of others believe needed to happen a long time ago, which was name these major cartel groups as foreign terror organizations.

Donald Trump: Correct. Which they are.

Ben Domenech: That obviously triggers a bunch of things in terms of going after their assets, etc.

Donald Trump: Right.

Ben Domenech: Are you going to hold to account a lot of these corrupt politicians who profited from that human trafficking, from pouring fentanyl in?

Donald Trump: They did.

Ben Domenech: Including leading Mexican [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Well, certainly, I would recommend that they be looked at. You know, certainly, it's going to be up to Pam Bondi, who's excellent at what she does. But there's been so much --

Ben Domenech: Would you consider kinetic action in Mexico?

Donald Trump: There is -- well, I'd rather not tell you that because somehow --

Ben Domenech: Yeah. [Inaudible] I have to ask anyway.

Donald Trump: I'd love to tell you. You know, it's so interesting. Sometimes, you'll be asked, like, a question like that, and you want to give an answer because you don't want to have somebody walk out and say -- but if you give the answer, it's a disaster. If you give a truthful answer --

Ben Domenech: It always reminds me of the SNL sketch where the guy says, in the Gulf War, "Where are your tanks? And can I go see them?"

Donald Trump: That's right. Exactly. We have a lot of that.

Ben Domenech: By the way, Shane Gillis is hosting SNL this weekend. Are you a fan? You met him at the Super Bowl, I think.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Ben Domenech: Are you a fan?

Donald Trump: Well, he's a very good -- I mean, on our side, right?

Ben Domenech: He definitely -- yes. I profiled him when he was at his lowest point, when he had just gotten fired from SNL. I profiled him when he was playing to a club of, like, fifty people in Maryland.

Donald Trump: Is Shane Gillis doing very well now?

Ben Domenech: I think he's the best. He's one of the top comics in the --

Donald Trump: And he's been on our side?

Ben Domenech: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And I like him, and I like everybody that's on my side. You know, I'm just old-fashioned in that way. I like those people. And we have a lot of people. We have more people than anybody understands. You know, this whole MAGA movement is --

Ben Domenech: Well, you changed things culturally. Everybody is talking -- everybody talks about the vibe shift. But it's very clearly a difference, a change. And that's not just people motivated by what you're doing politically, like my wife, like the MAHA moms.

Donald Trump: Right, right.

Ben Domenech: You know, it's also people culturally who feel they finally say things. I remember when -- my father's Puerto Rican, when Tony went out there and gave that joke, that silly joke, and people were saying for the next 48 hours, that was like the end. I was like, "I'm not offended by that joke. I wanted you to get cleaned up, too." Anyway.

Ben Domenech: No. It just --

Donald Trump: See, the sad part about that was it turned out to be nothing, and I didn't think it was going to be much, but they made such a big deal. That was just --

Ben Domenech: They were desperate at that point.

Donald Trump: They were desperate. But they took that joke. But the big thing was that I could have sold out Madison Square Garden 10 times. You were there?

Ben Domenech: No, I was not at that one. But I was at many of your other events.

Donald Trump: But you saw. You know, I had a picture. I have to show you. I had a picture that -- of a stadium that I did two weeks before in Milwaukee. And I said, "Look at this." But we've had 107,000, 111,000. In Butler, we had 100,000 for the second time, 55,000 when you got -- I get that throbbing feeling. Wait, let me get this.

Donald Trump: I mean, this is the average crowd. Did you see this? I just look at pictures of throwing away some stuff. Of course, I have to be careful about throwing anything away. They want to put you in prison. You know, if you write a note and you don't like it because it looks bad or something, and if you rip it up, throw it away, Jack Smith will want to put you in prison.

Donald Trump: And by the way, he didn't end up so good.

Ben Domenech: No. Well, we had a little experience with him in Virginia with Bob McDonnell, too. That didn't end up too good.

Donald Trump: He destroyed that guy.

Ben Domenech: He destroyed him.

Donald Trump: And Bob McDonnell, were you friendly with him?

Ben Domenech: Yes, very much so.

Donald Trump: He's a high-quality guy. The wife is --

Ben Domenech: Yeah. But not the wife.

Donald Trump: She was a mess. How he stayed with her --

Ben Domenech: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I assume he eventually left, right?

Ben Domenech: Yeah. I think that they are now split.

Note: [Three asterisks in the published transcript indicate there is an edit at this point in the interview.]

Donald Trump: Look at this. Look at that picture. I mean, that's serious, right?

Ben Domenech: That's phenomenal. Wow.

Donald Trump: That was just -- that's a routine crowd. Look at this. This was in New Jersey. I just see these pictures.

Ben Domenech: Well, see, I think this is part of that vibe shift that I mentioned.

Donald Trump: Look at this.

Ben Domenech: You know, one thing in particular --

Donald Trump: Look at the crowd. That's not --

Ben Domenech: One thing in particular, though, that I think sticks out to me on this is that not all of those people, I think, they agree with the vast majority of what you're doing, but they also came to you through different avenues this time. The podcast election, I mean, it was just amazing to see it play out. And I remember people saying at the beginning, you know, "Is this risky?" But, I just -- I think that it's what --

Donald Trump: You mean it was risky doing them.

Ben Domenech: Risky doing so many of them because --

Donald Trump: You know, it was interesting. They were all good.

Ben Domenech: Not all the politicians can do that.

Donald Trump: They wouldn't. Well, she didn't do it.

Ben Domenech: All the comms staff on Capitol Hill were like, you know, "What is he doing going on all these things?"

Donald Trump: Because I was leading.

Ben Domenech: And I was like, you need to know who these guys are because they've replaced the old media. They've replaced the legacy media, and they have bigger followings. CNN is background, OK? When people tune into these, they are listening to them. They're watching them on YouTube, on their own TVs. I watch Barstool Sports content every week on my television, you know.

Donald Trump: Is that a hot one now? Is that a --

Ben Domenech: Yes. I mean --

Donald Trump: It's doing well.

Ben Domenech: Yeah. It's done very well.

Donald Trump: He's been good to me, I think.

Ben Domenech: Dave Portnoy? Yeah.

Donald Trump: Say hello to him. He's been great.

Ben Domenech: Yeah. But the question I have about that is --

Donald Trump: By the way, Joe Rogan. So, I do Joe Rogan. And it was three hours and 15 minutes, and it caused a little problem because, you know, I was doing a thing in Michigan. I started speaking at 12 in the evening, and not a person left. It would have been a room just like that. Not a person left. And I explained, "Hey, I just did Joe Rogan.

Donald Trump: You know, we got to win this thing." So, we actually told them, "I'm doing Joe Rogan. Can you wait?" Nobody left. There was unbelievable spirit. But my son, who's just 18, Barron, he goes, "Dad, you got to do this one and that one." And he's telling me names.

Ben Domenech: Well, clearly, it worked.

Donald Trump: It worked.

Ben Domenech: But also, you know --

Donald Trump: But TikTok worked, too.

Ben Domenech: Also, I want to ask you, there is a new podcaster out there, Gavin Newsom, who has decided that he's going to launch. Do you think he'll be a good podcaster? Or do you think California would be better off if he did that full-time?

Donald Trump: I don't know. Is he doing a podcast as governor?

Ben Domenech: Yes.

Donald Trump: I don't know what to tell you on that. I mean, you never know.

Ben Domenech: Would you go on?

Donald Trump: Sure. Look, so I did Joe Rogan, and I never even thought about not doing it. She wouldn't do it. And, you know, I got 250 million people for Joe Rogan. You saw that. That was his biggest ever by far. And he was a great --

Ben Domenech: I've been listening to him for years.

Donald Trump: He was great.

Ben Domenech: It depends on the guest, but --

Donald Trump: Yeah. He was a great guy.

Ben Domenech: You hear a lot about the Comanche if you listen regularly enough.

Donald Trump: You know, I guess he was a Democrat. I don't think he is anymore. But, you know, two words I mention, common sense, a lot lately. And I never heard those words used politically. I hope I brought them into the forefront, but it's really about common sense. You don't want open borders. You don't want prisons emptied out into your country.

Donald Trump: You don't want insane asylums dropped. Remember, I used to mention the name Hannibal Lecter a lot, and the press would say, "Why would he mention? That's a fictitious…" The people know why. They don't want him in the country.

Ben Domenech: So, I have to ask the question on my wife's behalf because, like I said, she is a MAHA mom. She is very happy that RFK is in the position that he is, but she also is angry about the fact that Joe pardoned so many people, including Dr. Fauci, on the way out.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Ben Domenech: And she wants there to be accountability, culpability, people being held to account for the bad decisions that they made, the bad advice they gave. And that, you know, extends -- I mean, it extends all the way to China, really, you know, in terms of the ramifications of what they unleashed. But what can be done to hold these people accountable, make sure that they don't get away with this?

Ben Domenech: There's so many governments, including around the world, that reopened their schools before we did, that figured this stuff out before we did. You know, we were way behind because of all of these people, and that has a permanent effect. It scarred a generation of kids who had to stay home. I mean, I know some of those kids who have development disorders now, you know, who are basically non-verbal.

Ben Domenech: How can the policy --

Donald Trump: Yeah. And a lot of this because they were so far behind even educationally. So, it's very interesting. You know, the federalist system is like you let the governor decide. I let all the governors decide. You know, I had governors that kept them open 100 percent of the time. South Carolina did. Tennessee did.

Donald Trump: We had a lot of them. South Dakota, she did a good job. The Democrats were the ones that did it, and they kept it going very long, long after I was gone. I mean, I was gone long, and everything was closed, and it was ridiculous. But I had many that were open that were Republicans. Some of the Republicans did a good job.

Donald Trump: I don't think any of the Democrats did a good job. They all kept it closed.

Ben Domenech: Yeah. Well, and they paid the price for it, I think, in this election. I think that they --

Donald Trump: I think they did. They paid it here.

Ben Domenech: Yeah.

Note: [Three asterisks in the published transcript indicate there is an edit at this point in the interview.]

Donald Trump: I love this cover, Ben.

Ben Domenech: Yeah. I was going to ask you to sign it for me at the end.

Donald Trump: You want me to what?

Ben Domenech: I was going to ask you to sign it for me at the end.

Donald Trump: Oh, I will do it. Yes. Can I have one for my wife?

Ben Domenech: Yes, absolutely.

Donald Trump: I'd love that. Yeah.

Ben Domenech: So, who actually left the cocaine in the White House?

Donald Trump: Who what?

Ben Domenech: Who left the cocaine in the White House?

Donald Trump: Well, either Joe or Hunter. Could be Joe, too, OK? So, that was such a terrible thing because, you know, those bins are very loaded up with -- they're not clean, and they have hundreds and even thousands of fingerprints. And when they went to look at it, it was absolutely stone-cold, wiped dry. You know that, right?

Ben Domenech: See? Well, because, I mean, I was briefly, you know, a Bush speechwriter and staff person. And so, I knew exactly what they were talking about. And I was like, "Those things are filthy."

Donald Trump: They're filthy. And there were fingerprints. I mean, if you went to one, maybe we're cleaner, but if you went to one at any time, you would see hundreds. Everybody in there would leave a fingerprint. When they went in, that thing was wiped out with the strongest form of alcohol.

Ben Domenech: That's hilarious. Well, not hilarious. Sad.

Donald Trump: By the way -- and I have to tell you, I think I'm going to look into that because it was -- bad stuff happened there.

Note: [Three asterisks in the published transcript indicate there is an edit at this point in the interview.]

Ben Domenech: You know, one of the things that came out -- you know, has obviously come out is the prework that was done via the Aspen Institute and the intel community to basically cue up, "Hey, there's going to be something that comes out late, and it's going to be related to probably Hunter and, you know, money from overseas, and it's going to be a Russian op." And some of the funding for that, of course --

Donald Trump: They're sick.

Ben Domenech: Has been found via DOGE. Thank you for letting DOGE out.

Donald Trump: By the way, how good is that? Did you see where Stacey Abrams got $2 billion? Can you imagine?

Ben Domenech: Oh, gosh. Look, I've lived in this area, around the swamp, for almost two decades. And like I said, the fear that is among the bureaucratic class right now of being exposed for how little work they do.

Donald Trump: But you didn't know it was this crooked.

Ben Domenech: Oh, no. I mean --

Donald Trump: How about the newly formed corporation, Environmental Protection? Lee Zeldin. $20 billion put in, $20 billion. And people don't know. People don't know what that is. They think it's $20,000. They don't know. You can't explain $20 billion. That's massive money. That's -- $20 billion was put in, and they think it could be $60 billion.

Donald Trump: The numbers are staggering.

Ben Domenech: The funny thing about government and when people start talking about taxpayer money being wasted is they always talk about it in percentages. They always say, "Oh, it's only 1 percent." One percent is a lot of money, OK? And it's a lot more than 1 percent. And if you add it up and add it up and add it up --

Donald Trump: They think it's going to be close to $1 trillion, right? And that's pretty good stuff. You know, when you --

Ben Domenech: Was it more important for you to use that to balance the budget than to do other things?

Donald Trump: Well, I think a big sleeper is going to be this gold card, you know. It's an idea I had. I think this could be a very big sleeper. Do you know, if you sell, let's say, a million at 5 million, that's $5 trillion? The budget's almost going to be balanced. You know, it's not going to be that far short. It's going to make $5 trillion.

Donald Trump: That's part of -- you know, that's part of the --

Ben Domenech: How do you ensure that that's something that doesn't get exploited by the wrong people?

Donald Trump: Well, it's so simple. You know, the other stuff, the different programs, you put money in, and you can build a building, and you get a mortgage and this and that, oh, yeah, yeah, you can imagine what's going on. I think we're going to terminate the program. They say it's just so terrible. This is very simple.

Donald Trump: Five million, and you have a path to citizenship. You essentially get a green card plus. It's a green card plus. It's a gold card. And you have a plan. If we did a million, it's a lot. Now, if we did 10 million, that's $50 trillion, 10 million. You know, if that thing exploded, you had people that would pay that.

Donald Trump: I have people all the time begging me to help them get into the country. Some of them are very wealthy people. They'd pay that in two minutes.

Ben Domenech: Are you surprised by how quickly your policy impacted -- I've known Bill Melugin for a long time. I've been to Eagle Pass many times. Are you surprised by how quickly your policies impacted the border? It just completely shut down in the space of weeks.

Donald Trump: You mean in a couple of weeks? No, because I did it before, but now there was more focus, a little bit more focus on it. But I did it before. Remember the chart that I turned on the right? Can you get me that chart? I mean, you've seen it a thousand times.

Ben Domenech: Yeah. I've seen it.

Donald Trump: That's my all-time favorite chart. No, if I didn't turn right, that's it. There was nobody over there. They had 55,000 people here. I'm not looking to the right. I looked to the right because the chart was coming down off a crane or something. But it was a good chart. Show it.

Ben Domenech: There we go.

Donald Trump: So, the arrow on the bottom, that was my last week in office. You saw the --

Ben Domenech: She's printing something for me. I'm so honored.

Donald Trump: They do. These two do a good job. Look at that one back there. She's done a great job.

Ben Domenech: No, I just knew her --

Donald Trump: By the way, she's -- how do you like the job that our new superstar is doing? What do you think?

Ben Domenech: Oh, I think she's fantastic, I think. Well, look, I've been around. The first press secretary that I met was Tony Snow because he ran the White House Bible study, actually, when I was here.

Donald Trump: Did he die, or is he still --

Ben Domenech: Yes. He passed away.

Donald Trump: He died.

Ben Domenech: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And he was pretty good, right?

Ben Domenech: He was quite good. But he also -- he was very nice, but he was very firm with people. He was very -- and what I like about you is you never really seem to get as angry when you're doing it. It's almost like you enjoy it. It's an enjoyable combat.

Aide: Yes.

Donald Trump: I think she loves it.

Aide: I do.

Ben Domenech: And that's, I think, really important because not everybody -- some people, they just get angry. You know, I still make fun of Sean Spicer for getting angry at me on the phone once when I was warning him that having John Harwood moderate a debate -- all of you remember that one all the way back in 2015.

Donald Trump: Was he the worst, John? Was John Harwood --

Ben Domenech: I was -- we got into a yelling match because I was saying, "Sean, he's going to ruin this debate." And then the first question he asks you is, "Are you a comic book villain?"

Donald Trump: Right. That's right. Remember that?

Ben Domenech: Yeah.

Donald Trump: He was so bad. It actually was good for me, you know.

Ben Domenech: Yeah. No, it worked out. It worked out.

Donald Trump: It worked out good. But he was a bad guy. He was almost like a counterspy. I think she's going to be amazing. So far, she's --

Ben Domenech: Happy warriors are the best workers to the press because they get frustrated with you.

Note: [Three asterisks in the published transcript indicate there is an edit at this point in the interview.]

Donald Trump: But look at that. So, if you look at that arrow, that's when I left. Look what happened after I left, like a rocket. But you have to say it's impressive what they've done. The border is essentially closed.

Ben Domenech: Remain is obviously not a long-term solution. It was an immediate kind of solution in your first term. What do you view as the long-term solution to make sure that Mexico handles this problem?

Donald Trump: I would rather not tell you that. You know why.

Ben Domenech: OK.

Donald Trump: Because you know what the only solution is.

Note: [Three asterisks in the published transcript indicate there is an edit at this point in the interview.]

Ben Domenech: So, one last question. The Philadelphia Eagles, you said you were going to invite them.

Donald Trump: They're invited.

Ben Domenech: That's part of the vibe shift I was talking about. So, fans of the NFL right now, I don't know if you're familiar with this because you watch the game, but there's been this whole debate about the main play that they run, the Tush Push.

Donald Trump: Oh, yeah. Right.

Ben Domenech: Are you familiar with this?

Donald Trump: Right.

Ben Domenech: Yes. So, they're debating whether they should ban it or not. One side says, "Ban it. It's an almost unstoppable play." The other side says, "So, you got to stop it." Which side are you on?

Donald Trump: Yeah. I wouldn't ban it. But what I would ban is this horrible kickoff rule, this new kickoff rule. That is so bad.

Ben Domenech: Yeah. It's a weird rule.

Donald Trump: It is so bad.

Ben Domenech: It looks weird.

Donald Trump: First of all, it's the opposite of football. Second of all, it's actually more dangerous because you're actually going into each other without any defense or anything. It's much more dangerous. It is so terrible. You know, in football, when the ball moves, you're supposed to be moving. This ball is up in the air, and they're all saying -- it is so horrible to watch that.

Donald Trump: And I told that to Roger Goodell.

Ben Domenech: I know you're such a huge fan. I love -- I collect old USFL stuff.

Donald Trump: Oh, that's great.

Ben Domenech: And I'm just curious, do you think the game is better now than it ever has been, or is there something you'd change?

Donald Trump: Well, look, they got big ratings in the Super Bowl, right? It was -- it should have -- it was not a good game, but it was -- well, it was a good game if you like football.

Ben Domenech: I was there in Philadelphia as a Washington fan for the NFC Championship, and that game was actually more [Inaudible].

Donald Trump: Unbelievable. And how good is the quarterback, right? Boy. When you can draft a young quarterback, it's like gold. You take a guy who's great in college, and he turns out to be no good. I mean -- and then you'll take somebody like, in San Francisco, that kid.

Ben Domenech: Yeah.

Donald Trump: He was the last draft choice. He wasn't Brady. He was six runs back. He was literally the last guy in the draft and --

Ben Domenech: Mr. Irrelevant becomes --

Donald Trump: He moves the ball, right? You know, it's one of those things. They're coming here. What I'm doing -- Philadelphia is coming here. And Kansas City, when they won the Super Bowl during COVID, you couldn't have them here. Virtually, you couldn't have it. It was too bad. And I said, "You know what? I should really invite them for that." And I told them.

Donald Trump: They want to come. By the way, they really want to come.

Aide: Yes, sir. They do.

Donald Trump: You know who came? The kicker came today. He's a Trump fan. He's a nice guy. Great kicker. And he came. But we said -- he said, "Yeah, we missed it because of the COVID." I said, "Well, let's do it." So, we're going to have Philadelphia. When is Philadelphia coming?

Aide: I believe next month, the end of April.

Donald Trump: If you want to come, come. Are you a fan? Are you a Philadelphia fan?

Ben Domenech: No, I am a Washington fan, but I --

Aide: You can still come.

Donald Trump: So, how good is the Washington quarterback?

Ben Domenech: Jayden Daniels is incredible. I hope that one of the things you can build here while you're here in the next four years is even if -- whatever it takes, I mean, if it takes giving D.C. back to Maryland, you know, to get rid of Bowser or something like that. But the fact that they could maybe play at RFK again with this quarterback in my lifetime, I mean --

Donald Trump: So, locationally, you love not the stadium. You would rip down the stadium.

Ben Domenech: Rip down the stadium, build a new stadium.

Donald Trump: But you love that location?

Ben Domenech: I think that location --

Donald Trump: It's so beautiful when you're driving up.

Ben Domenech: It is beautiful, but it needs so much investment. But it could be as good as what is around Navy Yard and Nats Park and everything that we see over there.

Donald Trump: The site is great.

Ben Domenech: The site is great, but it needs a lot of work.

Donald Trump: Does that have train service?

Ben Domenech: Near it? Yes, yes.

Donald Trump: It has trains?

Ben Domenech: Yeah, the Metro.

Donald Trump: What I love is you're driving up, and it's -- you know, it splits the road.

Ben Domenech: Yeah, it's beautiful.

Donald Trump: OK. Now, you're not talking about keeping the stadium.

Ben Domenech: No, get rid of the stadium. Build another stadium.

Donald Trump: You're talking about -- in other words, you'd like to have it built in Washington.

Ben Domenech: I would like it to be built on that site.

Donald Trump: So, should I take over the government of D.C.?

Ben Domenech: If that's the outcome, not only would I be in favor of it, but virtually every Washington fan would be in favor of it.

Donald Trump: And most people that live in Washington.

Ben Domenech: Oh, yeah. Oh, they want the investment. They want --

Donald Trump: It's so sad.

Ben Domenech: It's a pathetic fact that it's not there.

Donald Trump: Well, we're trying to do it. We're trying to do it. We're looking at doing it.

Ben Domenech: Josh Harris, the owner, really wants to do it.

Donald Trump: It's so bad. He's a nice guy, by the way, the owner. I met him. You know, I went to a game. He is -- that kid was really good.

Ben Domenech: Oh, yeah.

Donald Trump: Wasn't he second in draft pick?

Ben Domenech: He was.

Donald Trump: And who was first?

Ben Domenech: So, the first draft pick, Caleb Williams, is in Chicago. But the reason that he wasn't good was not his fault. It's that he had a terrible coach and a terrible offense.

Donald Trump: But do you think he's got -- could he be as good as Daniels?

Ben Domenech: I don't think so. I think Daniels is a generational talent.

Donald Trump: He was just a natural, man, the way he flicks.

Ben Domenech: He's so calm. It's like he was built for this. And part of this, too, keep in mind is, because of COVID, these guys, and the same with the quarterback out in Denver, Bo Nix, they got extra years.

Donald Trump: So, how good is Nix?

Ben Domenech: Nix is very good.

Donald Trump: Isn't he like 25 or 26?

Ben Domenech: Yeah.

Donald Trump: That was unusual.

Ben Domenech: So, it's very unusual. But the point is they got like five seasons of starting, you know, and that made a huge difference.

Donald Trump: Will Nix be -- is Nix as good as Daniels?

Ben Domenech: No, I don't think so, not physically as --

Donald Trump: Almost. Nobody is, right? The guy from Texas, how about him? He might be better.

Ben Domenech: We'll have to see.

Donald Trump: You know what I mean.

Ben Domenech: Yeah. No, we'll have to see.

Donald Trump: How about you gave him up for the No. 1 guy in Alabama who's very little and who is not making it?

Ben Domenech: Yeah. No, I don't think so.

Donald Trump: They took him second, Sprague or whatever his name is. It's interesting.

Ben Domenech: Arch Manning, the thing about Arch Manning is people will be disappointed on any pass when he doesn't throw a touchdown.

Donald Trump: How good is he? I was talking about Texas in the NFL, the quarterback.

Ben Domenech: You mean C.J. Stroud in Houston?

Donald Trump: Stroud. How good is he?

Ben Domenech: Well, he had an excellent first season, but then the second season, he took a step back.

Donald Trump: So, would you take Daniels then over him?

Ben Domenech: I would because -- in part because Daniels is just -- he can do everything in terms of the physical capability of movement. And the other thing is this was not a very good team.

Donald Trump: So, what about the owner? He sells the team. He did great. He got $6 billion. And, you know, he's always been nice to me. He always supported me.

Ben Domenech: Yeah, the whole movie thing.

Donald Trump: Yeah, he did fine. He did -- look, he made a lot of money with the team, OK? So, that's good. But the team didn't work. But he sells the team, and they end up with Daniels as a quarterback. Would he have had Daniels as the quarterback? Probably.

Ben Domenech: Certainly would have.

Donald Trump: Did his guys make the pick?

Ben Domenech: No. There was a whole new crew of general [Inaudible] --

Donald Trump: So, it might not have been Daniels.

Ben Domenech: So, he might not have done that. He might have botched that.

Donald Trump: No, because all those years, he fought like -- I mean, he tried so hard.

Ben Domenech: We had a brief glimpse of it with RG3, and I was at the game where his knee was --

Donald Trump: Who was great until he got hit about 15 times.

Ben Domenech: Yeah. But he was nowhere near as skilled as this guy in terms of throwing the ball.

Donald Trump: Really? And is this guy tall?

Ben Domenech: Yes, but he's very lean. One of the reasons he went second is because he's very skinny. And the other quarterback who went before him, Caleb Williams, is more built like a normal --

Donald Trump: So, you're a real fan, huh? That's great.

Ben Domenech: Oh, yeah. Well, some of my earliest memories are -- my earliest memory is actually the Reagan Challenger speech.

Donald Trump: And you'd like to see the stadium built here.

Ben Domenech: I would, 100 percent.

Donald Trump: All right. Good. Because, you know, the D.C. takeover, right? We're working on that, right?

Aide: We got to clean up the city.

Ben Domenech: Yeah. We have to.

Donald Trump: The mayor, the tents --

Ben Domenech: You can't do it without cleaning up the city.

Donald Trump: And it was great 10 years ago, right?

Ben Domenech: Yeah, it really was.

Donald Trump: It was good during my administration. But the crime -- look, these are incompetent people, like her. How about the guy in Chicago?

Ben Domenech: Oh, my gosh. Seven percent of --

Donald Trump: He's worse than the one from before.

Ben Domenech: He was at 7 percent.

Donald Trump: Right? Now, he's at 4 percent. They had some -- and yet he'll beat some people. Do you understand that? Can you believe it?

Ben Domenech: Corruption.

Donald Trump: He'll beat some people. So, you'd like to see that? Maybe we'll do that.

Ben Domenech: Yeah. OK.

Donald Trump: I mean, I'm pretty busy.

Ben Domenech: Yeah. You got some other things on your plate.

Note: [Three asterisks in the published transcript indicate there is an edit at this point in the interview.]

Donald Trump: One little difference is they wanted to come, mostly. Many of them really wanted to come. But a couple of teams that canceled would have never canceled now.

Ben Domenech: Yeah. No, I don't think anybody would have canceled.

Donald Trump: But when I heard, like, San Francisco basketball team, Curry, I heard a little rumor like they're going to take a vote. When I heard "take a vote," that means no good. So, I said, "You don't have to take a vote because you're no longer invited. Do not come under any circumstance." And it was cool. People said, "That's the coolest thing." They never got to take a vote because I could see the writing on the wall.

Donald Trump: Now, it's much different. It's much different. I think it's -- all those guys are in love with Trump, and they all hated Trump. They would go through fire to destroy me. Now, it doesn't mean -- will they -- you know, you say, "Will they be loyal?" Who knows? But when I was a winner at the beginning, you know, then -- that was a big win.

Donald Trump: They didn't come with me when I was winning. Now, they're at levels -- nobody's ever seen a dais like that, you know, the inauguration. Zuckerberg, this one, this one, that one, Microsoft, everybody, which is pretty cool.