Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-clay-travis-outkick-air-force-one-march-22-2025

Clay Travis: President Trump getting to talk to you here on Air Force One. It's pretty incredible. Thank you, Caroline, for bringing us in. Um, I wanted to start with this. Why do you think young men are so overwhelmingly coming in your direction? Now, I'll give you an example. My sons, 17, 14, and 10, they did a test, uh, pre-election vote, all boys school.

Clay Travis: You got 80% of the vote. So, 12- to 18-year-old young men and, and boys. Why do you think you're reacting? Why do you think it's working so well?

Donald Trump: Well, I guess it's a lot of factors, right? Some I can't say because that's just better, I'm not saying, but, uh, part of it is because it's working. It's all coming together. The country's coming together. Uh, today, one of the biggest chip companies, the biggest in the world, announced they're gonna spend $200 billion.

Donald Trump: Apple's gonna spend $500 billion. Johnson & Johnson announced yesterday, they're gonna submit tens of billions of dollars. And we have numbers like we've never seen before. There's never been anything like it. I think they see it working. The border has zero. You know, the closet outside of the border used to be so full that it would go miles down deep into Mexico, right?

Donald Trump: There's not a person on the closet. Have somebody sweeping it.

Clay Travis: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's like nobody's ever seen anything like it. And by the way, all it was is the president had nothing to do. We didn't get, we didn't change the law. The laws are there. She said, "Don't come." And I think they see it's working.

Clay Travis: Kamala is talking about running for governor. Would you give her any advice as a politician? Do you think she should run? Do you think she's gonna do it? What do you think her future is?

Donald Trump: I'd let her run, but she's, she's as far as, I don't wanna be giving people advice politically, but, uh, one thing she's gonna do, she's gotta start doing interviews.

Clay Travis: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I mean, she can't get away with both of them. He, uh, during the COVID thing, he, he did no interviews and he got away with it because of COVID, because, you know, you were able to do things that you couldn't do.

Clay Travis: It was a great election, this last one.

Donald Trump: And I do think this. I think it's much more historic, the way it happened, than if I had gone in typically.

Clay Travis: Don't you think, in some way, it's better because you have the Senate and the House now? In '24, you're able to be more effective than you would've been in '20, probably.

Donald Trump: It's better because it shows how bad they were.

Clay Travis: Yeah.

Donald Trump: They were so bad. And it shows that. And when you see, you know, you're comparing it. You're comparing it to the worst president to the history of our country. And I think, in that way, it's better. They, what they were doing didn't work. And if I would've done it more traditionally, you know, we wouldn't have known about that.

Clay Travis: The Philadelphia Eagles are coming to the White House soon.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Clay Travis: I know you were at the Super Bowl. They booed at Santa Claus, Philadelphia Eagle fans did back in the day. I know you're a big sports fan. What did it mean that you were cheered at the Super Bowl? What does it reflect that sports fans seem to be coming together for you and that the Eagles are coming to the White House this time, they didn't want to come the last time?

Clay Travis: How have things changed?

Donald Trump: Well, uh, actually, they did wanna come. A lot of people wanted to come, including the coach, who was a terrific guy, by the way. But, uh, the coach wanted to come, the general manager wanted to come, the owner wanted to come. They had a lot of people wanted to come. Some of the players wanted to come. And I just said, just forget it.

Clay Travis: Right.

Donald Trump: I also had the problem with the, uh, San Francisco basketball team.

Clay Travis: Golden State Warriors.

Donald Trump: They, they, uh, they said, "Well, we'll think about it." And I said, "Uh-uh, you don't have to think. You're uninvited."

Clay Travis: (laughs)

Donald Trump: I said, if you have to think about it --

Clay Travis: Right.

Donald Trump: -- after I did that, you know, most people did come.

Clay Travis: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But people don't know about that. The baseball teams came, the ice hockey teams came. But we had, uh, one problem with football. New England came. They all came.

Clay Travis: Yeah.

Donald Trump: We had -- uh, look, it's a great honor to come. And I think it's a, it's great -- let me just grab that, okay. What's up? So, I look forward to having the Eagles. And one other thing, we're going to have the Kansas City Chiefs after that, because they missed their turn because of COVID.

Clay Travis: Oh, that's great. What, uh, I know --

Donald Trump: Yes.

Clay Travis: I know Randi Mahomes, Patrick Mahomes' mom, she sent a video that OutKick shared right before the election endorsing you. And I know Brittany Mahomes's a big fan.

Donald Trump: I, I love those two women. They're so great and, uh, and so loyal. I, I think they would. I met, as you know, I met Patrick's mother.

Clay Travis: Yes, yes.

Donald Trump: Just before the game started --

Clay Travis: Right.

Donald Trump: -- she came over. And Brittany, I've seen so much of Brittany that it just, you know, being so loyal and great and beautiful. So, it's, uh, it's really nice.

Clay Travis: What do you think when, for a site like OutKick, NFL players, John Jones at the UFC, I know he brought the belt over, Christian Pulisic, great soccer player, they all do the dance, uh, that, that you made, uh, a famous.

Donald Trump: The football players.

Clay Travis: Football players everywhere.

Donald Trump: Everywhere.

Clay Travis: College. It's everywhere. What does that reflect about the culture changing in the time that you've been president? Does it feel different to you?

Donald Trump: So, they did a poll recently, and they rated the best opening month of the history of the presidency. He was, uh, let's see, with George Washington number two (laughing), that's, he had the second.

Clay Travis: Yeah, second best opening?

Donald Trump: Uh, you know who did it also? Bill O'Reilly, good old Bill.

Clay Travis: We have Bill on the show a lot.

Donald Trump: Oh, really?

Clay Travis: He's a great guy.

Donald Trump: He's a great guy. He did a poll.

Clay Travis: Yeah.

Donald Trump: He's pretty good at this stuff.

Clay Travis: Yeah.

Donald Trump: He said Trump was number one, George Washington was number two, et cetera (laughs).

Clay Travis: You'll take that.

Donald Trump: It's -- and you know that bit. But we did. We had a great opening month. We had a great second month, you know. Now, it's two months already. And the second month was equally as good as the first. And I'd like to see if we could stop the soldiers being killed, even though they're not American soldiers. Although, it could -- you know, a thing like that could lead to World War III, you know, if that is. But I think it's somewhat under control.

Donald Trump: And a good relationship with President Bush and actually a good relationship with, uh, President Zelensky, too. It'd be a great thing to be able to stop it. And I will say this, nobody else would would've been able to.

Clay Travis: I agree.

Donald Trump: Nobody. Zero.

Clay Travis: Don't you think, if you get the war stopped, honestly, you should be a Nobel Peace Prize contender? Wouldn't they give it to a Democrat if he got it done?

Donald Trump: I think, Norway, if it's Norway, if they're the ones that actually. You know, nobody really knows what that's all about. I know Obama got it for no reason. And he didn't even know what --

Clay Travis: Yeah, that's right.

Donald Trump: He won the race and they gave him the Nobel Prize. He didn't do anything. So, it's obviously a very liberal situation. But if they want, if they want credibility, they'll have to do. You know, we, we thought we were gonna get it for three or four different things.

Clay Travis: Right.

Donald Trump: We thought we were gonna get it for the AmeriCorps, which are now starting to kick in again because others are gonna be joining. Uh, but the Abraham Accords were amazing.

Clay Travis: You saw Tim Walz. I know you talked about Tim Walz saying he could beat up, uh, Trump supporters. Did you see Caitlyn Jenner said that, uh, that, that she, that she thought she would be able to take him? Who would you take in a battle, Caitlyn Jenner or Tim Walz?

Donald Trump: Caitlin all day long. But I also have, uh, you know, Cain.

Clay Travis: Yeah.

Donald Trump: How about Cain?

Clay Travis: Oh, Glenn is an awesome guy. He challenged him. I put up 10 grand for that, too. And the challenge is, I don't think Tim Walz has responded yet.

Donald Trump: Right, right. That wouldn't last a second where he's, like, seven feet tall.

Clay Travis: Yeah.

Donald Trump: He's the biggest human being.

Clay Travis: He's an awesome guy.

Donald Trump: He's a great guy, too. He's a mayor of a town and he's all MAGA.

Clay Travis: Why do you think that so many people in sports, on the men in women's sports, ESPN included, why have they been unwilling to say, like our friend Riley Gaines, who works with us at OutKick, that only women should be in women's sports? Are you surprised that that's ever been allowed to be political?

Donald Trump: I think it's a 90-10 issue, maybe more. But I do notice that it's a 90-10 when the voter booths closed.

Clay Travis: Yeah.

Donald Trump: You know, when that curtain's pulled or whatever they happen to be pulling.

Clay Travis: Yes.

Donald Trump: Uh, but a lot of people don't talk about it. And I don't know why they're gonna make a mistake by not talking about it. It's such a simple thing. It's so basic that open borders, uh, taking people from jails and, you know, murderers and drug dealers and gang members and mental institutions, people from mental institutions.

Donald Trump: I mean, I really campaigned on the last thing that I just said more than the --

Clay Travis: Yeah.

Donald Trump: -- uh, the people. And by the way, look at what happened. In a period of one week, we have a border that's closed and so beautiful.

Clay Travis: It's unbelievable.

Donald Trump: And we're taking people in, you know.

Clay Travis: And they lied and said that they had to have congressional action. You came in and immediately turned it around.

Donald Trump: All they need is a president who would say, "Close the border."

Clay Travis: That's right. Um --

Donald Trump: And it's, you know, the amazing thing is, uh, I've known you so long, I feel like it's out, you say, it's so, it's so basic. So, who would think that, that a thing like that would be even thought about? Uh, open borders. Why would we want open borders? Then they say, "We don't wanna have any review of anybody coming in." And as soon as I heard that, I said, "Every prisoner throughout the world that's really bad will be released into our company." That's what happened.

Donald Trump: They took hundreds of thousands of criminals, murderers, 11,088 murderers.

Clay Travis: Yep. And we talked about that at the Georgia, Alabama game in the --

Donald Trump: Most of them have murdered more than one person.

Clay Travis: It's crazy.

Donald Trump: Nothing good is coming at us.

Clay Travis: Jeff Bezos was at your inauguration.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Clay Travis: It seems like he's trying to make the Washington Post more fair.

Donald Trump: I think it's great.

Clay Travis: Has he talked to you about the fact that he thinks -- because they let Biden get away with everything when he was in office. They started to push him. They came after you like crazy.

Donald Trump: At length, I talked to him about it. He's a good guy. I didn't really know him the first time.

Clay Travis: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I mean, it's such a difference between now and the first.

Clay Travis: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Zuckerberg and Bezos and Jensen, who was fantastic.

Clay Travis: I know you helped OutKick had an, uh, a story, a couple of interviews that we did that were being edited that they worked out and they figured out on Facebook through Zuckerberg. What has Bezos told you about trying to be more fair in his coverage?

Donald Trump: Just that.

Clay Travis: Yeah.

Donald Trump: He's really trying to be more fair. But they actually did a couple of bad articles that everybody said, "This is crazy."

Clay Travis: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I lose my, uh, fortune running this thing. And they, and they, you know, they're out of control. These people are crazy. They're, they're crazy people. They're out of control. And, uh, and he's actually a very good guy. I got to know him the second time he was up. If you look at the inauguration or look at the people that were on stage --

Clay Travis: It's amazing.

Donald Trump: -- there was a who's who of a world that was totally against me the first time. It's a much different presidency, I have much more support.

Clay Travis: You released the JFK files.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Clay Travis: Do you think Oswald killed JFK personally?

Donald Trump: Uh, I do. And I've always held that.

Clay Travis: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Uh, of course, he was -- was he helped? And based on the papers that -- you know, we released 88,000 --

Clay Travis: I know.

Donald Trump: -- [Inaudible] okay? And in fact, there were some that they needed a little more time just -- and we said, go over to the office, we'll show you, you know.

Clay Travis: Yeah.

Donald Trump: So, nobody could say that they've been released. I think the papers have turned out to be somewhat unspectacular.

Clay Travis: Yeah, I think that's true.

Donald Trump: All right. And maybe that's a good thing.

Clay Travis: Do you think back now, it's only been eight months since Butler, Pennsylvania, do you think that guy acted alone based on what you've seen, that crazy man? And do you think, back to your connection now to JFK, because thank the Lord he missed, but people for the next 100 years would have been talking about that like we talk about JFK.

Donald Trump: It might be, anyways. Uh, I can't really be sure. I really can't make sure because it bothers me that he had, uh, three apps and two of them were far. And maybe it was more apps than --

Clay Travis: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And it bothered me that the other guy had, like, 18 phones. I thought it was six, but it was 18. And the FBI was being very straight with me, uh, I believe. And I think they weren't at the beginning, but now I think there were. Uh, they told me a lot about the case. Uh, I, I think maybe it won't be able to be determined.

Clay Travis: Vladimir --

Donald Trump: But I don't believe it's, you know, it's something sinister by the FBI. The FBI is doing a good job. And Kash is gonna do a great job.

Clay Travis: Vladimir Putin, you said you had a good relationship with Ian and Zelensky. Uh, what is he like? What do people not understand about him that you think you understand, having met him now for several years?

Donald Trump: So, I know him very well. It's amazing that we didn't get into major skirmishes because of the Russia, Russia, Russia hook.

Clay Travis: He didn't invade Ukraine when you were president.

Donald Trump: He didn't invade anything when I was president. He took, he took, uh, Crimea and he took Georgia when Bush was president, when Obama was president. And he's trying to take the whole thing based on -- and I think I'll, uh, I don't think there's anybody in the world that could have stopped him except me. And I think, I hope I'm gonna be able to stop him.

Donald Trump: That's some very rational discussions. And I just wanna see the people stop getting killed. You know, they lose 2,500 young kids a week.

Clay Travis: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And they're Russian. And they're Ukrainian. And people would say, "Why do you get involved?" They also get involved because Biden spent $350 billion of our funds.

Clay Travis: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And what I have done is got, uh, I've got a very good deal for, you know, with the rare and everything else, which is more valuable [Inaudible] because they felt foolish, especially since, uh, when you look at it, Europe, take Europe, they get their money back.

Clay Travis: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's a loan. Why didn't we make a loan?

Clay Travis: Uh.

Donald Trump: Why did we get so much in? We -- Biden should have equalized. And they would've done it, too.

Clay Travis: Elon --

Donald Trump: All they had to do is say, "You're gonna, we gotta spend it at the same time." But he didn't do it. Same thing with NATO.

Clay Travis: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Nobody did it until I came along.

Clay Travis: Elon is doing incredible work for the country.

Donald Trump: Correct.

Clay Travis: Uh, he was the saving grace of the left wing of this country for having an electric car company. I know you've been helping him. How unbelievable and unfair is it to you, the way he's being attacked and what people are doing to his companies?

Donald Trump: I think it is very unfair, and I think he's gonna end up coming out harder. Look, when they attacked Mar-a-Lago, they attacked Mar-a-Lago.

Clay Travis: Yes.

Donald Trump: They, they invaded it. I said, "Oh boy, this is brutal for my election."

Clay Travis: You thought initially it was gonna be bad for you?

Donald Trump: I thought so. And the one thing I did is I talked to the press. I had this conference.

Clay Travis: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Whatever, anything like that happened. These were crooked people, 100% crooked. When they did something like that or the indictment, but the indict -- and not one indictment, it's four or five of 'em, okay?

Clay Travis: Right.

Donald Trump: And that led to 80 or 90, or because everyone had, you know, it was a totally rigged deal. I would go out that night and I'd have a news conference. I'd talk to the people, and the people realized it was a scam.

Clay Travis: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It turned out to be a scam. Look, look what happened. And they're all out (laughs), you know. And here I, here I sit in Air Force One with you, talking (laughing). It's like one of those things.

Clay Travis: Penn State, we're gonna go watch the wrestling team. I know they endorsed you.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Clay Travis: What, uh, what experience?

Donald Trump: The team endorsed me. They did?

Clay Travis: That's what I heard.

Donald Trump: Oh, that's nice. Isn't that great?

Clay Travis: Uh, and they're gonna win. My understanding is they've got a huge lead.

Donald Trump: They got lead. They -- I hear they have the best team ever put together. So --

Clay Travis: They've won 11 in the last 13, according to Senator McCormick out there. You've got, um, incredible, uh, reception, Daytona 500. Amazing.

Donald Trump: Everyone.

Clay Travis: Super Bowl. Uh.

Donald Trump: Honestly?

Clay Travis: You're a big sports fan.

Donald Trump: UFC --

Clay Travis: UFC.

Donald Trump: -- baseball games.

Clay Travis: What is on the bucket list?

Donald Trump: You said Super Bowl.

Clay Travis: Oh, Super Bowl is unbelievable. Yeah. I mean, Taylor Swift got booed and you got cheered.

Donald Trump: The only thing is they should have left it up for more than three seconds.

Clay Travis: Well, I agree.