Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-greg-kelly-newsmax-march-25-2025

Greg Kelly: Mr. President, it is great to see you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Greg Kelly: Yeah. You're happy?

Donald Trump: I don't know about happy. I'm thrilled to be here. We're going to make this a much better country. It's suffered greatly over the last four years like nobody can believe with the border and with the inflation and with all of the horrible things that took place. But we're going to make it great. We had tremendous two months, and I think we're going to make it back where we had it and beyond.

Greg Kelly: President Trump, I want to ask you about something that I think the American people don't know enough about, and that is the attack on you in Butler, Pennsylvania, and the follow-on attack in West Palm Beach. This is something that Dick Cheney said publicly in a video. He said, "In our nation's 246-year history, there has never been an individual who is a greater threat to our republic than Donald Trump." He said that in a campaign video for his daughter.

Greg Kelly: His daughter has said equally horrendous things. To me, that was an invitation, quite frankly, to somebody in or out of government to do something bad to you. I think that is possibly a crime. But overall, we don't know enough about what happened, how do you feel about that? Was it possibly government involvement?

Donald Trump: Well, we don't know. But when I hear a statement like that from a guy that got us into spending nine -- think of it. They spent billions and billions, almost $1 trillion in the Middle East, blowing up everything, killing people all over the place, engendering tremendous hatred. What a mess. And then, just leave.

Donald Trump: We leave -- we leave with nothing. And he got us in along with Bush. It was one of the worst decisions ever made in the history of our country. So, when I hear a guy like that make that statement -- and, you know, I did something that he couldn't do. He had a certain person that worked for him that they didn't take proper care of.

Greg Kelly: Scooter Libby?

Donald Trump: Scooter Libby. And Scooter Libby was very badly treated by him and Bush. And he took a fall for them, frankly, and they didn't take care of him. I took care of him. I didn't do it for him. I did it because Scooter Libby was treated very unfairly. But when I hear that stuff --and then the daughter goes out.

Donald Trump: She runs for office in a state that they virtually owned, and she loses by the largest margin in the history of Congress. You know that, the largest margin, like 44 points or something. And they've got a screw loose. They've got a screw loose.

Greg Kelly: About a month ago or so, you said they were going to brief you on what happened --

Donald Trump: Yeah. Yeah.

Greg Kelly: What they know, the investigation. Has that happened? Is there anything you can share with us? And maybe there should be a commission, maybe there should be something else.

Donald Trump: So, it is -- it has happened, and they don't seem to think there was anything other than abnormal people. And I'll assume that's true. They do have a case coming up, a case that a lot of people don't talk about, but it's coming up. Really, sort of a third case, I guess, you'd say. And so, we'll see how that one works out.

Donald Trump: But, you know, it's a dangerous profession being president, If you look, race car drivers, one in -- one in -- think of this, one-tenth of 1 percent bull riders, one tenth of 1 percent presidents. I won't tell you the number, but it's big.

Greg Kelly: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's a dangerous profession. Why didn't you tell me this? You could have told me this, please.

Greg Kelly: This would-be assassin, Crooks, had apps that they can't get into --

Donald Trump: Yeah. Yeah.

Greg Kelly: Foreign, sophisticated. All right, let's face it. The team, the national security team, was using Signal. And I know you just spoke about that.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Greg Kelly: Are you concerned, number one, about anybody on your national security team keeping in touch with a guy like Jeffrey Goldberg? So, it suggests that, perhaps, they've been talking to him.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Greg Kelly: It suggests. It doesn't guarantee that, but that seemed kind of weird.

Donald Trump: Yeah, Goldberg's bad news. It's The Atlantic, it's failing. It's probably going to be out of business soon. And it is -- it's a terrible magazine. They made up all sorts of stories about me with -- with standing over the graves of soldiers. There's nobody that treats the military better than me, and they treat me well, too.

Donald Trump: They showed that in the election. But they -- they write stories. It's such a disgrace. And there are plenty of others also. But Goldberg's a loser. His magazine's a big loser. And what it was, we believe, is somebody that was on the line, with permission, somebody that was with Mike Waltz -- worked for Mike Waltz at a lower level, had, I guess, Goldberg's number or called through the app.

Donald Trump: And somehow, this guy ended up on the call. Now, it wasn't classified, as I understand it. There was no classified information. There was no problem, and the attack was a tremendous success. So, I can only go by what I've been told. I wasn't involved in it. But I was told by -- and the other people weren't involved at all.

Donald Trump: But I feel very comfortable, actually.

Greg Kelly: You were on the phone that day in the golf club. You were on a hard line. Are you concerned, Hey, no more Signal or actually --

Donald Trump: Well, I like hard lines. But the best way is to be in the Situation Room or some other room where you're all together where you don't have -- anytime you have a line, whether it's air or whether it's hard, there's always a risk that people are listening.

Greg Kelly: One more thing on this. Is it possible that doing business through a secure line, even on a cell phone, is so cumbersome. I've heard that it can be very, very difficult.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Greg Kelly: Almost difficult on purpose. You know, they were leaking -- the intelligence community was leaking on you during the first term.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Greg Kelly: Is this a way around that, perhaps?

Donald Trump: You got to have the right people. You know, we had some people that I inherited and that were recommended by RINOs or others. And the beauty is I gained a lot of experience in that first term, and we have wonderful people now. We have tremendous people. That's why when you look at what's happening with the economy, how well we're doing -- even the prices.

Donald Trump: You know, when I came in, everyone was complaining about eggs, the cost of eggs. I said, "I've been here a week." They were trying to blame me, and I was here a week. And, you know, they're down almost 50 percent. And there's plenty of them. I mean, they've done an amazing job. My people have done an amazing job.

Donald Trump: They talked about the price of groceries and how expensive it was. And I campaigned on it, in all fairness. I never -- I haven't used the word groceries. It's like an old-fashioned word. But really, it's not, and people understand it. And I campaigned very hard on groceries, and they're coming down very much.

Donald Trump: If you look at your gasoline prices, it's -- it's really coming down tremendously, and that's bringing other prices down with it. So, I mean, I just have -- I have really great people. But it took a period of time. You know, I never did this before. Remember, I ran -- I was a real estate guy from New York.

Donald Trump: I wasn't a Washington, DC, person, so I didn't know a lot of people in Washington. And when I came here, I had to rely on the -- on others. And by the way, I had some great people. I got the largest tax cuts in history. I got the largest regulation cuts in history. I rebuilt our military. They shouldn't have given it a lot of it to a place called Afghanistan in one of the dumbest worst days or periods of time in the history of our country, I think the most embarrassing period of time in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: But they shouldn't have given so much. But I had some great people, but I had some people that I wouldn't have used. Now, I have people, I have a team that's really fantastic, and I think you see the results. We have -- Apple is going to spend $500 billion. The biggest chip maker is going to spend fortunes, I mean, just fortunes of money coming out of Taiwan.

Donald Trump: We have automobile plants being built at levels we've never seen anything like it, and they're going up fast. Honda just announced their building in Indiana, one of the biggest. And the nation's doing really well. And a lot of that's the results of November 5th, and a lot of it is also the tariffs.

Greg Kelly: No one has spoken -- and I want to -- I'll have to get back to the tariffs. But if you don't mind, no one has spoken as boldly and as with -- with as much truth as you about Ashli Babbitt. It was a bad shooting. My father can tell you that.

Donald Trump: Terrible.

Greg Kelly: Anybody.

Donald Trump: It's a terrible thing.

Greg Kelly: I don't know if you know this, but the Department of Justice right now is still kind of fighting that case. The family of Ashli Babbitt is suing the government wrongful death. The DOJ right now, officially, is still opposing that lawsuit, trying to justify it. Shouldn't that be something that can just be settled at this point?

Donald Trump: Well, I'll look into that. I mean, you're just telling me that for the first time. I haven't heard that. I'm a big fan of Ashli Babbitt, OK? And Ashli Babbitt was a really good person who was a big MAGA fan, Trump fan. And she was innocently standing there. They even say trying to sort of hold back the crowd.

Donald Trump: And a man did something to her that was unthinkable when he shot her. And I think it's a disgrace. I'm going to look into that. I did not know that, no.

Greg Kelly: And the officer who shot her --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Greg Kelly: Michael Byrd, is still on duty. They gave him a raise, and they gave him a medal and I believe a promotion.

Donald Trump: I think it's a disgrace.

Greg Kelly: He's a federal employee.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Greg Kelly: Would you or could you do something?

Donald Trump: I'm going to take a look at it. I'm going to look at that, too. His reputation was -- I won't even say. Let's find out about his reputation, OK? We're going to find out. But I watched that, and I saw that. And by the way, she was killed, but nobody else was killed. And, you know, the people that went down there, they had no guns.

Donald Trump: They didn't have guns. There was something to do with the FBI. There was something to do with Antifa and others, and it wasn't mentioned. And there's never been a group of people, I think, with the exception of maybe over the years, a couple of groups were treated pretty harshly. But essentially, never treated so badly.

Donald Trump: And as you know, I gave -- I let them out with pardons. I know you were very happy. I watched your show all the time. You were extremely happy about it, and plenty of other people were, too. People don't realize. This whole movement that we have is just a -- it's a very inspiring thing, what's happened to our country.

Donald Trump: These people are incredible people. They were treated so unfairly, so horribly. Some of them didn't even go into the building. And the judges, the system, the hatred, the vitriol, the prosecutors, the way they wanted to destroy these people. People would go in and they would be so proud to go before court, and they'd have a good lawyer, and they'd walk out of court like devastated, the way they were treated, devastated, given years in prison.

Donald Trump: No, but I took care of them. I said I was going to, and I did.

Greg Kelly: Is there any talk of -- because they lost opportunity, they lost income. Any kind of compensation fund or anything like that?

Donald Trump: Well, there's talk about that. We have a lot of people talk about it. A lot of the people that are in government now talk about it because they -- a lot of the people in government really like that group of people. They were patriots as far as I was concerned. I talked about -- I talk about them a lot. They were treated very unfairly.

Donald Trump: You know, the thing they show is they show a group of a thousand, whatever it may have been, 1,500 people down. What they don't show -- you never see the crowd that day. It was the biggest crowd I've ever spoken before. It went all the way to the Washington Monument. It was so wide, you couldn't -- you virtually couldn't see anything else but people.

Donald Trump: They never show that. Whether it was a million people or less than a million, I don't know what it was. But, you know, I see Bernie Sanders has a few people out there, and they say, "Oh, the crowd is so big." They don't talk about the crowds. But a group of people went down there peacefully and patriotically, remember that.

Donald Trump: You know that the J6 unselect committee, they wouldn't -- they refused to use the words that I used, peacefully and patriotically. They refused to use that. They burned and deleted and destroyed all evidence from that witch hunt because it showed that we were totally innocent. It showed that Nancy Pelosi was in charge of security, which everybody knew anyway.

Donald Trump: And she's actually on tape talking to her daughter. And now, they can't find that tape. Her daughter taped her saying that she was responsible. She was saying, "I'm responsible. This was my responsibility." It was. She was offered 10,000 soldiers. All of these things -- or they have me attacking -- think of this, attacking two very young, very strong Secret Service agents sitting in the front of a car.

Donald Trump: This is a wacky story which is totally made up. And what happens? The Secret Service testified. They gave testimony. And the testimony was all destroyed. And then, Biden comes out and gave that whole committee a pardon because what they did is they found that we were right, they were wrong, they committed crimes.

Donald Trump: And Biden came out and actually gave them a pardon. Nobody can believe it, nobody can believe it.

Greg Kelly: The Tesla violence, have you heard anything about billionaires on the left? Whether it's Soros or somebody else, have you heard anything about planning, coordination, funding for these attacks?

Donald Trump: I believe that that is part of it, yeah. There are some of them that were involved with my trials that were, I think, probably involved with that also. And, you know, Elon has done a very good job. He's found tremendous waste fraud and abuse like levels you've never seen, people that don't show up to work and they get checks.

Donald Trump: I mean, so many different things that you can't even go over it, it's so much. Done a great job. And he's basically a patriot. You know, he's in business in -- and I've gotten to know him primarily through the campaign. He endorsed me. I appreciated it. But I didn't know him very well before that, hardly at all.

Donald Trump: And he's essentially a patriot. He's a wonderful patriot. He loves the country. But he -- he has never asked me. Think of this. And he's got plenty of right to, I guess. Doesn't mean I'm going to do it. I probably won't.

Greg Kelly: No favor.

Donald Trump: But he's never asked me for a favor. Not one time has he said -- you know, as an example, I just got rid of the electric car mandate. You're actually allowed to go out and buy a gasoline-driven car or a hybrid or whatever you want to, or electric. And he never came to me and said, "Could you do me a favor?

Donald Trump: Don't do that." You know, he's a legitimate guy. And he's doing this because it's for the good of the country. And we are finding hundreds of billions of dollars of fraud.

Greg Kelly: So, with that in mind, and I -- we love what he's doing, I heard him say to Elon -- I'm sorry, he said to Ted Cruz last week, I think, that in five years computers are going to be driving cars for us --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Greg Kelly: Like 50 to 90 percent of the cars. In 10 years, robots will be doing virtually everything for us.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Greg Kelly: It seems like he might be an additional duty or instead of, like that is going to totally throw society kind of for a loop.

Donald Trump: It'll be different.

Greg Kelly: It's exciting, but is -- should he be the guy preparing everybody for this AI revolution?

Donald Trump: Well, it's a little scary, it's a revolution, and everybody with money is in AI. They all want to go in AI, and we'll find out. We'll speak in two years, we'll let you know about it. But it's a little bit scary when you see what it can do. It's amazing. It's absolutely amazing, but it's a little scary. It's a tremendous business that, in order to remain No. 1 -- we're No. 1 right now.

Donald Trump: A long way in front of China, but China is trying to catch up. We need tremendous electricity and power, and we're going to supply that power. It's going to be a very big industry.

Greg Kelly: I know the conversations are ongoing, but -- and you can't say everything, you don't want to say everything probably about diplomacy, but we're hearing that maybe Russia is dragging its feet at this point. And Zelenskyy has shown some openness, especially after what happened in the Oval Office a few weeks ago.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Greg Kelly: Is that -- is that accurate at this point?

Donald Trump: I don't know. I mean, I'll let you know at a certain point, but I think that Russia wants to see an end to it, but it could be they're dragging their feet. I've done it over the years. You know, I don't want to sign a contract. I want to sort of stay in the game, but maybe I don't want to do it quite. I'm not sure.

Donald Trump: But, no, I think Russia would like to see it end, and I think Zelenskyy would like to see it end at this point. We had a case last week where Ukrainian soldiers were surrounded by Russian soldiers, and this was not good. And I think I had a big impact on not having all of them killed, but they were killed.

Donald Trump: This is a bloody war. You know, they lose 2,500 people on average a week. Think of that, 2,500. They're not Americans, but it doesn't matter to me from that standpoint. They are Russians and Ukrainians, and -- and they're killing each other at levels that, you know, you just don't see. There's been nothing like it since the Second World War. It's almost like -- I see the pictures of the battlefields, I'd rather not even see them, where you have arms and legs and heads all over the field.

Donald Trump: It's -- the weaponry is -- is ridiculous. It's a big drone deal now. You know, drones are taking over the world, and I just want to see it stop. I also don't want to pay. You know, Biden paid $350 billion, Europe paid $100 billion. And I said, "Why didn't they equalize? Why -- why were we so far ahead of -- of Europe?" Then, I found out that Europe, as you know, took loans.

Donald Trump: In other words, they gave it in the form of loans. We didn't. But I was able to make a deal for rare earth, which will be good. At least we don't feel so stupid. But we had $350 billion and there -- so we're $200 billion, $250 billion more than Europe. Isn't it ridiculous? And we had a man in office who was grossly incompetent.

Donald Trump: And I hate to say it, but he was grossly incompetent. And now, I'm learning a lot more than I learned. And, you know, now, I'm seeing some of the things they did, some of the fraud. Look at -- billions of dollars going to environmental groups that -- you know what that money's for, that money's not for environment.

Donald Trump: It's -- it's so incredible when I'm looking at what's happened to our country, allowing open borders where millions of people have come into our country, millions and millions of people, 21 million people, of which a number of millions of people are stone-cold, bad actors from jails from prisons and from mental institutions.

Donald Trump: I always say from insane asylums, which is a mental institution on steroids, from gangs and the gangs in the streets of Venezuela and many other places, not just South America. And when you think that a man would allow these people to come into our country, murderers -- we had 11,088 murderers, people that killed -- many killed more than one person.

Donald Trump: These -- these people are in our country. But we're getting them out. And by the way, we have the best border numbers we've had, I would say, since mine, but -- but literally, it's soon going to be better than even I had in the first term. And it was not easy. The people are doing a great job.

Greg Kelly: You know, a couple of things more if you don't mind. You're such a positive person, and I love it. You even acknowledge that there will be disturbances with the tariffs, there will be disturbances. The question is how far -- how bad could those disturbances be? And how far are you willing to go when it comes to April 2nd? I know there are some exceptions, and it's an ongoing discussion, but --

Donald Trump: Not too many, not too many exceptions. No, I don't want to have too many exceptions.

Greg Kelly: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Look, we've been ripped off for 45 years by other countries, 50 years more. We always were soft and weak. It's almost like we had people that didn't know what -- what they were doing. We were just ripped as a country like nobody has ever seen before. That's why we are $36 trillion in debt. And it's time that we get some of that money back, maybe a lot of that money back.

Donald Trump: And this had to be done. We couldn't let this continue. And, you know, it's friend and foe, but oftentimes friend, the so-called friends were worse than the foes. You take a look at the European Union, what they did to this country, the way they took it to the cleaners. And China, you know about. And I charge -- you know, I had a tremendously successful first term.

Donald Trump: We had the highest increase for stock market in the history of our country, 88 percent, went up 88 percent. Nasdaq went up some enormous number. We had the best numbers in the history of our country. And yet, we were ripped off by so many of these nations, and it was so sad to watch it. And frankly, had COVID not come along because we had -- that was another thing.

Donald Trump: We had to fix it. It was a very destructive to the whole world, but we had to fix it. And yet, I handed back the reins of a company -- a country that was better. Think of it. The stock market was higher than it was just prior to COVID coming in. We had an amazing period of time. We rebuilt the military, biggest tax cuts in history, biggest regulation cuts in history, and now we're doing it again.

Donald Trump: But I think we're going to do it even better and we have unbelievable people. Our economic people are the best in the world. Even now, I just -- you were here a little while ago. We just approved a lot of ambassadors going into other nations, etc., etc. And they're great -- they're just great people. I think we're going to have a tremendous success.

Donald Trump: I know some people say, "Oh, do you think it's too much?" Well, they've been doing this to us for many years, whether it's China or India or Brazil or so many other places. And all we're going to do is reciprocal. We're just going to be reciprocal. In fact, I'll probably be more lenient than reciprocal because if I was reciprocal, that would be -- that would be very tough for people.

Donald Trump: But we've been ripped off as a country like nobody -- like no country has ever been ripped off before. I read some of these deals that are made by my predecessors. And it's almost like saying how could anybody allow this to happen? Like, as an example, who would allow men to play in women's sports? Who would allow transgender for everybody?

Donald Trump: Who would allow open borders where -- as soon as I heard that, I said, "If they're serious about open borders, every jail all over the world is going to be emptied out into our country." And that's what happened. We're getting them out now. You wonder, who would allow this? Are they stupid or do they truly hate our country?

Donald Trump: It's the only thing you can think of. A lot of people say, "Well, it was really because of the election. What they -- because they want the votes." But they cheat on the election. They don't need to do it this way. They don't have to destroy our country this way. But we're going to do -- we had a great election.

Donald Trump: We had a great mandate. You know, when you win all seven swing states -- on your show, you were saying, "Three or four is all he needs." Well, we got all seven. Who would have thought? We won by millions of votes. If you look at districts, they have districts where it shows the red and the blue where the whole thing is red.

Donald Trump: We were at 2,750 to -- to 500. Think of it, 2,750, they had 500 -- 505 or something like that. And I guess we got 312 or 315 in terms of our number. They were 224, I think, to 312 or 315. The numbers were so astronomical, and it gives us a mandate to straighten out our country. If I didn't have those numbers, I don't know if we could be doing the things that we're doing right now.

Greg Kelly: Hamas, can there be peace if Hamas remains in power? I saw -- I think The Journal said it will take years to destroy those tunnels. And there's some debate even in Israel, like, does a vestige -- does a remnant of Hamas stay in? Is that acceptable to you?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't know if you can do that. It's -- it's a vicious group of people. You know, I had 10 of the hostages -- we got a lot of people out. And I had 10 of them last week in my office, in the Oval Office, the beautiful office at which I think I'm going to show you in a couple of minutes, actually. You'll get to see it because it's special.

Donald Trump: And I said to him, "Let me ask, you were there for -- one was there for 500 days, another one for 359 days." I said, "During that time you saw hundreds of Hamas, right? I don't know, they're soldiers, whatever they are. Was there any sign of niceness? Did they wink at you, Did they say don't worry, you're going to be OK? Did they give you a piece of bread or some meal that they weren't supposed to be giving?" And every one of them said no, no. Just absolutely not.

Donald Trump: They said much worse. They said, "They'd slap us. They'd do things." I said, "But was there no vestige of any -- any kindness or anything?" They said, "Absolutely none." So, that's a pretty -- that's a pretty bad thing.

Greg Kelly: We're going to go to the Oval Office. I've got some more questions for you of a personal nature. Real quick, though. Chuck Schumer. You know, I saw a picture of him at Roy Cohn's birthday party in the 1970s.

Donald Trump: Oh, that's right. That's fine.

Greg Kelly: Is he a profile in courage? I mean, he's going through hell right now with his party. And what's your take on him? And who's going to emerge as the top Democrat, do you think, when everything settles down?

Donald Trump: So, I wrote him a letter when he said we shouldn't go out, and he was right about that. He was killed. But I wrote him a letter saying, "Dear Chuck, congratulations, you made a great and wise decision, and it's really good for the country, what you did." Well, he got excoriated because of that letter because they thought I was doing a little bit of shtick on him.

Donald Trump: And I wasn't, It was a serious letter. He did the right thing, but he's been absolutely, absolutely killed by his party. I don't know. I mean, I don't know if he -- if he makes it or doesn't make it, I really don't know. I will say this, they've got to get some policy because I watched a congressman, a Democrat congressman, this morning fighting like crazy on a television -- one of your competitors.

Donald Trump: It's hard to believe, right? But fighting like crazy over the men playing in women's sports, that he thinks it's absolutely fine. It's -- if they keep going like this, I don't think they can win another election. Between that and all of the other craziness that they do, I don't think they can win another election.

Greg Kelly: One thing for our viewers, they watch some other channels sometimes, and they get freaked out. Social security is going to be --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Greg Kelly: You know, even though you've been pretty insistent that --

Donald Trump: Totally insistent.

Greg Kelly: Totally insistent, and you can insist once again, no one's going to lose their benefits, who's receiving them now.

Donald Trump: No, no. Social Security. I said it, it'd be very easy for me to do. I wouldn't -- I have said it, you don't have to worry -- what the Democrats do is they make up stories. They're storytellers. They say, "Oh, Trump wants to destroy Social Security." It's like I have nothing to even think about with Social Security.

Donald Trump: Now, if you have an illegal immigrant on Social Security, I think everybody wants to make sure that doesn't happen. So, it doesn't mean make -- you know, I have to make sure there's as little fraud as possible. But, no, Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, people don't have to worry. But they make up stories.

Donald Trump: They're liars. They lie so badly.

Greg Kelly: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And they lie so much. They can look at you, and I watched Adam shifty Schiff make up story after story about Russia; Russia, Russia, Russia. Turned out to be a hoax that he set up and formulated with Hillary Clinton and others that Russia, Russia -- just think of it, what we went through with that, two years of fighting these monsters off, and we had nothing to do with.

Donald Trump: Nothing. It was like nothing. Look at my son, Don. Look at what he went through. They -- they said -- he'd come to me, "Dad, I don't know what they're talking about." It was a total phony story that was made up by guys like Schiff. These are bad sick people, I'm telling you.

Greg Kelly: Well, they haven't stopped you.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Greg Kelly: And they're not going to.

Donald Trump: No, we can't let that happen.

Greg Kelly: I want to run this by you. Millions of people pray for you, the churches organize it. Are you ever aware of that in any way? Do you think -- can you feel those prayers? Can you feel that support?

Donald Trump: Well, if you think about it, I shouldn't be here with you right now. You know, I have sons that are great shots. They said it's not possible to miss from that distance. Now, it wasn't a complete miss. It -- you know, I still get that little throbbing feeling. But had I not turned away at that very, very, very instant, I wouldn't be sitting here with you.

Donald Trump: So, in that way -- but I think you might be talking about -- because I think praying before the fact, but after that, I think it might have been to a new level. I've had great support, and I do feel the support. I really do. And I -- I think, you know, somebody said that God saved me in order to save this country.

Donald Trump: This country was going down, Greg. If -- if this election wasn't won, this country had no chance. This country is going to be -- remember, I used to say for years, we're going to be Venezuela on steroids, and that's what was happening to the country. And now, we're turning it around, and I think we're turning it around fast.

Donald Trump: Nobody's done so much in such a short period of time. And in two months, I think we've done more than any president. I got the award for the first month, and I think you can add the second month. But I don't think anybody's done what we've done in terms of turning it around. When you look at the businesses that are pouring into our country now, these were businesses that would have never come back.

Donald Trump: And now, they're racing back, and it's a beautiful thing to see.

Greg Kelly: DOJ, you said, that certain people -- a lot of people, they're really susceptible to criticism.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Greg Kelly: You know, the judges they don't want to be --

Donald Trump: Right.

Greg Kelly: Talked about on cable news. That doesn't bother you. And my question to you is, did you learn that like in the 70s or 80s? Were you born that way? You are very different in the best possible way, but not many people are like you.

Donald Trump: Well, I'd be able to lead a much different life. But in terms of what I'm doing for the country, it would never be able to get done. Some people say, "Why do you have to be so nasty or so?" And it's not a question that -- you only have so much time, and you can't waste the time, and you have to get it done.

Donald Trump: We're getting a lot of things done for the country, and you have to act quickly. This country was gone. I'm telling you, this country -- if some remnant of Joe Biden, who was the worst president in the history of our country -- Jimmy Carter died a very happy man because he said, "At least I wasn't the worst." He -- Joe Biden was a terrible president, and they did things that are so bad.

Donald Trump: And yet, they were evil people. When I look at what they did to people, how they destroyed people -- look at the J6. We talked about J6, look at those people. When I looked at how they destroyed people, he was an evil guy who wasn't smart.

Greg Kelly: As we go into the Oval Office, I want to ask you something. These people are bad people, and they did horrible things to you, and there's accountability right now. But can you ever forgive them?

Donald Trump: Well, I try. I try.

Greg Kelly: They say forgiveness is like for the person. You know what I mean?

Donald Trump: Yeah, well --

Greg Kelly: More for you than them.

Donald Trump: Sure, sure. But they did things to me that have never been done to anybody before. They were just bad and just crooked. They're corrupt evil people who also did a bad job for the country. You know, if I thought I lost -- because I won that election by so much. If I thought I lost, I would have never run again.

Donald Trump: And to have the kind of a landslide victory, it was such a -- you know, so good. But we find so many things. I mean, we're finding so many things about the corruption. We knew -- I knew it before, but -- and most people knew it before, too. But you mentioned something today, Ashli Babbitt. I'm going to look into that because what happened to Ashli Babbitt is -- is so sad, that whole -- that whole story, that whole period of time.

Donald Trump: And what they -- what they did was so bad, what -- there were so many forces at work that people are starting to find out about it. It was an evil period of time.

Greg Kelly: Thank you, Mr. President, and thank you, quite frankly, for winning because I don't know where we'd be right now.

Donald Trump: It wouldn't be good, it wouldn't be good.

Greg Kelly: You mind if we take a look at the Gulf of America map?

Donald Trump: Let's go.

Greg Kelly: I'd love to see it.

Donald Trump: Check out the Gulf of America.

Greg Kelly: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you.

Note: [Commercial break]

Greg Kelly: Was that your idea?

Donald Trump: Declaration -- yeah.

Greg Kelly: When did you get that idea?

Donald Trump: I had it for a couple of years. It was down in the vault for many, many years. And I said let's take it out. And the reason I have the drapes is because it's not good for light -- you know, the light --

Greg Kelly: Oh, protecting the declaration --

Donald Trump: Yes, right over there. The Gulf of America, you may be talking about.

Greg Kelly: Yeah.

Donald Trump: So, I've long thought, why isn't it called the Gulf of America? Why is it called the Gulf of Mexico? So, I changed it. Now, it's changed. When the rocket splashed down last week, which was great --

Greg Kelly: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Elon. When that came down, they said, "Ladies and gentlemen, it's landing right now in the Gulf of America." And they said it routinely --

Greg Kelly: Right.

Donald Trump: Which is cooler. They didn't say, "Oh, the Gulf of," they just said, "Coming down in the Gulf of America." So, it was pretty cool.

Greg Kelly: Very cool, awesome. And there's the new Air Force One.

Donald Trump: Correct.

Greg Kelly: Beautiful.

Donald Trump: And this is -- this is -- if you would have been here a year ago, you would have seen a much different office. It's -- these are all past presidents and, I think, generally good ones. George Washington. So, I'll ask you a question. So, that's the place of honor, considered the place of honor. That's George Washington, and that's Ronald Reagan.

Donald Trump: And you like Ronald Reagan, right?

Greg Kelly: Sure, we like Ronald Reagan a lot. The question is where -- who goes there?

Donald Trump: So -- so, who goes there? George Washington or Ronald Reagan? And you're a big Reagan fan.

Greg Kelly: I am a big Reagan fan. I know more about what he did than what he did.

Donald Trump: However --

Greg Kelly: I'll tell you what, if he is over there, it's more of a conversation starter --

Donald Trump: Well, that's true.

Greg Kelly: Because not everybody recognizes that -- they all look like, you know, old-timey guys.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Greg Kelly: This will start people talking, and the inevitable comparison to you, and I think you win that comparison.

Donald Trump: I heard you say that. That's why I like -- that's why I do interviews with this guy. When you say that, that's right.

Greg Kelly: But you know what I mean? They'll talk about it --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Greg Kelly: More.

Donald Trump: But George -- George, generally, I'd say, it's -- it's about 215-to-1 or 2 that people say we got to give it to George Washington.

Greg Kelly: I don't even think -- look --

Donald Trump: It's great, all right. Isn't it great?

Greg Kelly: He -- that is Reagan.

Donald Trump: He was a good man. He was --

Greg Kelly: How about that job they did in Colorado? That is the worst portrait, right, the silly portrait?

Donald Trump: Oh, that was -- that was -- what they did -- it's the governor that -- you know, he was -- Tren de Aragua was not too good to him. But I will tell you, they did a number on him. But that is just typical. A friend of mine called up and said, "Somebody did a cartoon thing." And the person that did it wasn't that bad of an artist because they -- the same person, a woman, did -- because I don't know who the person was -- did Obama.

Donald Trump: And he looked fine.

Greg Kelly: Yeah.

Donald Trump: This was a thing they did a big number, and that's what they do. That's all they're good at. They're no good at policy, they're no good at governing. They're only good at cheating and doing bad things. Bad people.

Greg Kelly: You know, nobody in the world is going through what you're going through right now. President, you've got -- I guess you have some peers. Number one, have you talked to Bush, Clinton, or Obama since you got here?

Donald Trump: Well, I actually talked to President Obama at the famous funeral --

Greg Kelly: Right.

Donald Trump: And it was a nice talk. I have spoken to President Clinton, I haven't spoken to Bush. But you've got to do your own thing. You know, it's one of those things. It's like I don't get into too much about rating some of the presidents that surrounded me, but I don't think they did too good a job.

Greg Kelly: You know, and I know it sounds ridiculous, you're surrounded by people and family, and everybody loves you. Is there a loneliness factor to this job? I saw you when you left the State of the Union. There's something about it, the responsibility, nobody can really relate. Is there -- is there --

Donald Trump: Well, there is great responsibility. I -- I'm -- honestly, I'm so busy, and I think it really solves the loneliness. You do have a problem with loneliness, but I'm so busy doing so many different things. I'm trying to end that war, that horrible war that's going on. I'm trying to end another one before it goes on and -- but it's been going on for centuries, in all fairness, in the Middle East.

Donald Trump: I mean, think of it. October 7th would have never happened. Russia-Ukraine would have never happened. We wouldn't have had inflation. You wouldn't have had Afghanistan, that whole disaster of Afghanistan not leaving the way they left. And this would have been such a different place. But yet, this is a much more historic presidency, by the way, we're doing.

Donald Trump: And I mean, if it would have been -- if it would have been the eight years as opposed to the four, and then you watch people how bad they are, how bad they are, and then you do it, it's much more historic. So many people have said that. But it's so sad to see what they did to our country.

Greg Kelly: We have to let you get back to work.