Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-glenn-beck-blaze-tv-april-24-2025

Glenn Beck: Mr. President, your first 100 days, this is the first 89 days, these are first 89 days.

Donald Trump: We work hard.

Glenn Beck: You work really hard. I actually met some of the people that write the executive orders last night and they need sleep, they're working overtime.

Donald Trump: What a great team?

Glenn Beck: Yeah. So, I remember when I was at Fox, Barack Obama -- we didn't call it this, but it was shock and awe. It was -- I couldn't keep up with it. It was going too fast. You have put that to shame.

Donald Trump: Blew them all away.

Glenn Beck: Blew them all away. Was that by design to --

Donald Trump: No. There were just so many things that the country needed. I mean, honestly, this country, what they did in four years was so disastrous for the country. I wish I didn't have to do so much, but they did things that were just horrible. I mean with energy, they terminated ANWR, which is the biggest find in the world, in the whole world, in Alaska, they terminated it. They did things on the border that are shocking, just absolutely shocking.

Donald Trump: You know we have the best border we've ever had now, and three months ago it was the worst border in history, probably for any country, not just here. There was no border. There's never been a border like that where prisons and gangs and drug dealers and murderers are allowed to walk in without being checked or vetted?

Donald Trump: So, it wasn't by design, it was just that they have so many things. I mean we're doing a lot more. There are a lot more to come.

Glenn Beck: So, I want to get into this a little later, but this seems appropriate to bring it up here. Where the hell is congress? Where are the Republicans?

Donald Trump: Well, I think they're working hard. I think you're going to see that. If we pass the -- as I call it, the Big, Beautiful Bill, you know we're talking about one bill. We were talking, as you remember, it was a debate on should we do one big one or should we do three or four or two? And we're doing it in one bill, which I thought was much more beautiful because it's everything.

Donald Trump: It's everything, it's tax cuts, it's regulation cuts, it's things that you wouldn't believe, lots of, you know -- big, it's big and we get that done, it's beautiful. And we are getting along very well. I will tell you, the Republicans, we had a majority a few months ago of one in the House, now we have seven.

Donald Trump: That's a lot. We won two races and picked up a couple of others in addition, but we're up to seven, that's a big -- that's a big difference.

Glenn Beck: Will this be -- will all your work go away, however, if they don't codify?

Donald Trump: So, we're going to codify and we're going to wait till after the bill is passed and then we're going to work on nothing but codifying. As an example, the other day I did showerheads and sinks and the whole thing.

Glenn Beck: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Isn't it nice?

Glenn Beck: Yes, it is.

Donald Trump: No, you go into a new building, the hotel, and no water comes out, no water comes out of the sink. All of that's done, dishwashers. We did a little thing, very little thing, but it was a big thing to some people -- straws. We are now making again straws that are plastic straws as opposed to paper that melts -- that melts in your mouth.

Glenn Beck: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And so many different things. It's been really amazing. A lot of them, common sense.

Glenn Beck: What is the one thing that you think is maybe overlooked that you think is the most significant thing that you did?

Donald Trump: Well, I mean, I really think we've done a lot because we -- the biggest tax cuts like last -- you know, we had a tremendous four years.

Glenn Beck: But I mean, the thing that you think to yourself, why isn't this getting more attention? This is big.

Donald Trump: Well, if you look at -- and this is not the biggest thing, but it's a big thing, men in women's sports. How these people can be promoting it even now is unbelievable. The men playing in women's sports. When you -- you know, we put a whole thing out on that and that's no longer a part of our fabric. Hopefully, we have a couple of people like Maine, the governor of Maine, who wants to play the game and she's going to lose an election if she runs.

Donald Trump: I don't know if she runs, I couldn't care less, but she was one that wanted to take it on. Even in California, they gave up on that one pretty much. That was something that's amazing. Open borders to me are amazing. We don't have open borders. We have nice, closed borders now. We have -- people can come into our country, but they have to come in legally.

Donald Trump: But I mean, how amazing is that when you have -- because you're asking about things that I see that are amazing. That's amazing that you can have an open border where prisoners from all over the world are allowed to come into our country. 11,888 murderers are allowed into our country, we have that number of murderers.

Donald Trump: We're taking them out as rapidly as we can. And by the way, we're being met with strong resistance from judges that are -- I don't know where they come from. I don't know where they come from.

Glenn Beck: Let me go there. There's some amazing stats that I looked up. I don't think most Americans know this. Bill Clinton turned away 12.3 million people, formally returned home 1 million. He had 12 injunctions on him. George W. Bush, 10.3 million people, 2 million he turned around formally, six injunctions. Barack Obama, 5.5 million, 3 million he formally turned around and he had 12 injunctions.

Glenn Beck: You have six, you had 30 last time, 30 -- I'm sorry, 30 last time, 30 this time and you're facing 190. You're 100 days in and you have 190 cases against you.

Donald Trump: It's obstruction and what they're doing to the country is unbelievable. But we're getting it done and we're winning, but it's so much more difficult than it should be. When you have a murderer that people are protecting. When you have people like -- you know, you read so much about the wonderful man from Maryland, who was just wonderful.

Donald Trump: But he had on his knuckles tattooed MS-13. We didn't know he was MS-13. And the Democrats are working hard to protect him. And you know, it's not -- I don't want to get into his reputation, but it's not exactly stellar. And when they do that that's like, you know, how they protect open borders, as I said, or so many of the other things, you know, transgender for everybody.

Glenn Beck: What does it tell you that the Democrats are trying to protect him, stop you at the border. And when you shut down USAID, which a lot of their money was coming from.

Donald Trump: A lot.

Glenn Beck: A lot of their money. All the color revolution money was there and coming back here for color revolution that they -- they Immediately respond to that to Tesla or to Elon.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Glenn Beck: And the worst of the worst, what does that tell you about them?

Donald Trump: Well, they don't want to do anything about it. That's right. Well, when you look at the kind of money that we found, fraud, waste, abuse, when you look at billions of dollars given to people that had nothing, and billions -- I mean, Stacey Abrams was given $2 billion into an environmental account where she had $100 -- $2 billion.

Donald Trump: Now $2 million is a lot, $200,000 is a lot, she's given $2 billion out of that grouping. No, it's a terrible, terrible -- oh, and that was nothing compared to some of the ones that we found. And you know, the -- and the press doesn't even want to write about it by the way.

Glenn Beck: My audience I hear from every day, they're concerned about tariffs, we'll talk about that in a minute. But they're also concerned about justice and not seeing the wheels of justice turn like Stacey Abrams. If she did something illegal, she should go to jail. Is justice going to be pursuing these people on Russiagate or whatever the crimes might be -- COVID?

Donald Trump: Well, I think -- Pam Bondi is doing a fantastic job. She's our law enforcement person that's doing outstanding work, I really think so. I think Kash is going to be -- at FBI, is doing a really great job. Now it's very early, so I can't really tell you, but I think a lot of the things that you're talking about have to be looked at, they have to be looked at.

Glenn Beck: Let me go back to the border here for a second. Mexico, I mean it seems that it is a failed Narco-state. Is Mexico a failed state, Narco-state?

Donald Trump: Well, I would say in all due respect -- and I really like the president a lot, I've gotten to know her and I really like her. She's an elegant, beautiful woman, but I think it's run by the cartels.

Glenn Beck: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And they have so much control over it and I think the politicians are -- you know, they're afraid. I think the police are probably afraid, a lot of them are shot and killed. And even the military is very much afraid.

Glenn Beck: I had a guy, an ATF agent, reach out to me and he said, Glenn -- and I wrote it down someplace. But he said have people in our ATF actually trace the numbers. He said they keep talking about all these guns that are in the hands of cartels and how they get them across the border from America. He's like all of those numbers correlate with the numbers that come from the Pentagon of the arms that we officially ship to their military.

Glenn Beck: And he said they're in the -- they're taking the military guns and using those. He's like there's --

Donald Trump: Nothing surprises me. When you see the kind of drugs coming in, comes in from China. You know, we tax them 20 percent because of what they've done with fentanyl, but it goes through Mexico largely. And it goes through Canada too, by the way, right, a lot goes through Canada, but it comes through Mexico and Canada.

Donald Trump: But when you watch Mexico, what's happening, It's pretty amazing. And we've shut down the border, but we've shut it down and I didn't need laws passed, you know, as the expression goes, they just needed a new president. They said shut down the border, we shut it down and we shut it down tight. But yeah, Mexico's got some very big problems.

Glenn Beck: I would imagine the people of Mexico -- because if I were in Mexico, I've often role played. If I were in Mexico and I was living in a failed Narco-state and everybody I voted for was being killed and my family was being threatened, I'd try to get across the border as well. It would only make sense. But when your government won't do anything about it or can't do anything about it, honestly, I would be at bed at night next to my kids praying that, you know, special forces might just kind of pay some people some visits in the middle of the night?

Donald Trump: You're right, Glenn. And I've asked to -- I said, would you like some help? I'd be glad to give you help. No, no, no, we don't want help. They really don't want help. Please, please. We do not want help and I think they need help.

Glenn Beck: But isn't it -- at some point, doesn't it --

Donald Trump: Well, I can't tell you about that because that would be -- that would be breaking news, wouldn't it? But you know, you could say at some point maybe something's going to have to happen. It can't go on the way it is. Look, when we closed the borders, that was a big deal and we had to fight very hard to close.

Donald Trump: That was not just as simple as it sounded because it happened fast. There were lots of skirmishes that went on because that was a big revenue source.

Glenn Beck: Right.

Donald Trump: For some -- a lot of people. But no, we're here to help Mexico if we can. I like the president very much. I like the people, so many of the Representatives, but it can't be easy for them. It really -- it's -- I think it's a very dangerous job.

Glenn Beck: So, some people -- you know, the last administration, they didn't want to check anybody's ID or ask any questions on the way in. During COVID -- in the height of COVID, don't even check them for that.

Donald Trump: Don't check them for anything.

Glenn Beck: Bring them in. Now they all seem to want to check them on the way out.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Glenn Beck: And the judges are -- what did the -- I think it was -- it was uh Senator Mike Lee that said, this is judicial insurrection.

Donald Trump: Yeah, I think he could say that.

Glenn Beck: I'm not a big fan of Andrew Jackson. I know you are. Andrew Jackson took care of this constitutionally. Would you consider taking care of this some way or another with the judges in a constitutional way?

Donald Trump: Well, I hope we don't have that problem, and I hope we don't have to get into it. But I will say we have millions of people in this country right now that are criminals, and you see how fast we're getting them out. And we're going to get them out even faster. But when you have to get out and do court cases for individual people and you would have, in theory, millions of court cases, you know what that means.

Donald Trump: If you had one court case it takes forever. Millions of court cases? They're really saying you're not allowed to do what I was elected to do. I was elected for -- a very big part of it was the border and getting people out, because I said -- and the stats reveal it. When you look at Tren de Aragua, when you look at MS-13, when you look at these gangs and just really bad criminals coming in -- you know, we have many murderers, people that killed, 50 percent of which killed more than one person.

Donald Trump: They put them into our country through open borders, and now we have to go to court to get them out. I don't think the people of our country are going to stand for it.

Glenn Beck: Let me switch, you were elected for several things, one of which was to reduce the size of the government and thank you for the Department of Education. Thank you for the USAID. Thank you for the things you're doing on that. It was announced, I think, yesterday that Elon is possibly reducing his role, not leaving but reducing his role in May.

Glenn Beck: It was a true $2 trillion goal.

Glenn Beck: It was reduced to $150 billion. Is that lawsuits, Is that deep state?

Donald Trump: No, that's money found and it's a lot of money, you know, it's $150 billion. And think of it, that's a lot of money. Now, that's continuing, and it will continue. You know, it's not easy, these are thieves.

Glenn Beck: No, I know.

Donald Trump: In many cases, thieves. In many -- in some cases it's incompetence and all, but it's also thieves. That number is continuing, but that's -- if you just stopped at that number, that's a tremendous number. We found things that you wouldn't believe. And then there's others that you look at certain rolls of Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security where people that don't exist are on, where people that do exist, but they're not supposed to be on are on it. You know, we have -- that's just building up, that number's building up very rapidly.

Glenn Beck: I think you're going to be remembered as the AI president. I think -- I don't know if you feel this way at all, but AI is going to define the next --

Donald Trump: Very big, yeah.

Glenn Beck: Yeah. And you are the first one to really talk about it, really take it on and surround yourself with people who know what this is. Has Elon been helping you at all on AI or --

Donald Trump: Well, he probably knows more than anybody else than I know about it, but we have some great people here. And I think -- I mean, I don't know that that's how I'm going to be defined. But AI is certainly very important and we're pressing it very hard. We have so many -- we have trillions of dollars being invested.

Donald Trump: And whatever it is, you know, if you're not into that world, you have to say whatever it is, it's big. Because the biggest people are coming in and companies with more money than anything else you can imagine, more than even the car plants. We're opening up many, many car plants, factories, if you want to call them that because that's what they are.

Donald Trump: And they're coming in from Mexico. They're coming in from Canada. They're coming in because of the tariffs. We're getting record numbers. We have over $7 trillion worth of investment already, think of that. It's going to be unbelievable. But AI is one of the biggest -- one of the biggest things I've ever seen.

Donald Trump: And you know, these places that they're building, if you said $200 million, $300 million, that's for a corner of the building. These are the biggest things, and I'm making it possible, as you probably know, with AI. The one thing is you need massive amounts of electricity. And I'm getting it for them, and I'm getting immediate approval and I'm letting them build their electric plant.

Donald Trump: In other words, they're becoming really a producer of electricity. So --

Glenn Beck: Nuclear plants?

Donald Trump: They can use nuclear if they want for the energy; they need to create electricity.

Glenn Beck: Because Eric Schmidt said yesterday or the day before we used 3 percent -- they used 3 percent of the power they're going to need, and by 2027, 99 percent of the power?

Donald Trump: They need more electricity than we have right now in our country.

Glenn Beck: Right, right.

Donald Trump: Powering everything, which is crazy.

Glenn Beck: And you'll cut all of the red tape and get that built?

Donald Trump: Yeah, we're going to get it done very quickly.

Glenn Beck: That's amazing.

Donald Trump: We're going to let them become utilities actually, we're going to let them build their own electric plant. Because when they first came to me, I heard this number that we have to double electricity. And we're way ahead of China right now, by the way, you probably heard, way, way ahead on AI.

Glenn Beck: On AI, yes.

Donald Trump: And they don't have the problem with electricity because, you know, that takes one person's approval. We have to go through a process. And I call it a national emergency. We have to be -- we're going to be number one, we're going to be number one in everything, we have to be or we're going to lose our spot.

Donald Trump: And that's not going to happen. If we have competent presidents, we will do great. If we don't have competent presidents, we just witnessed four years of the most incompetent human being anyone's ever imagined and it really hurt this country, but we're bringing it back fast.

Glenn Beck: You say if we don't have competent presidents.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Glenn Beck: You and I have talked before on tariffs, and I give you the benefit of the doubt because you're the best negotiator this country has ever had, probably the best the world has seen.

Donald Trump: I'd better be, we need it.

Glenn Beck: We need it. And you've earned the right. It concerns me about congress not stepping up because of regulations and tax cuts. Those things have to go through to be able to complete all of this.

Donald Trump: I think you'll be surprised. Now, when I say congress, Republicans in congress, because we have majorities, they're not big majorities. In the Senate we're up three, which is OK. And in the House we're up seven, as I said. And we are going to be coming forward with -- it's the biggest bill, I think, in history.

Donald Trump: And I think you will say that if we get that passed, you're going to give them very good marks.

Glenn Beck: Good.

Donald Trump: Because everything's in that bill, and then all we have to do is work the bill work, the magic. But it'll be the biggest tax cut in history. It'll be the biggest regulation cuts in history. It'll be so many other things. And I think that if congress gets them approved, and I think they will -- now, we will get no votes from democrats.

Donald Trump: It's horrible, it's horrible. The divide is so incredible. You look at what's going on. I mean Schumer did the right thing and he ends up being excommunicated from his party when you think about it, right. The level is just so bad there. Their policy is so bad. You know, they're great at cheating and they're great at certain things, but they are so bad on policy.

Donald Trump: They're so far off. When I watch them trying to prosecute the same things that they just lost an election in a landslide on, and they're still going through the same things. It's crazy. And they don't know who their leaders are. They have a new one, Crockett. Have you seen Crockett? Have you ever seen her talk?

Donald Trump: This is going to be their leader.

Glenn Beck: I hope she's the next candidate for president.

Donald Trump: We can hope in one way, but in another way it's pretty demeaning.

Glenn Beck: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's demeaning to our country, but you don't see anybody out there.

Glenn Beck: So, this is pure conjecture here, but in trying to understand you and the moves that you made. When you called the tariff day Liberation Day, that hearkened, to me, back to the end of the war, World War II. And I'm wondering because of all of the moves you've made, NATO, the endless wars, everything else that goes along with this.

Glenn Beck: Are you signaling to the world that this is not just tariffs? This is an end to the order that we built after World War II, because it might have been good after World War II for everybody, but we're not the suckers anymore. That's long past and it's time to transform.

Donald Trump: You've said it so well because people don't talk about that; even I don't mention it enough. We helped countries after World War II, we helped them rebuild, and the Korean War with South Korea.

Glenn Beck: Right.

Donald Trump: And we never stopped, and they became very successful, and they stole our businesses. Look, South Korea took our car business, our shipbuilding business, you know, so many different businesses, technology, electronics. If you look at Japan -- and I'm not knocking them, I think it's great, what they did for them.

Donald Trump: The one I'm knocking and the people I'm knocking are our presidents and our leaders, that we allowed that to happen.

Glenn Beck: So, I was talking to somebody last night who's around the economy and knows it quite well. And I said to them, I'm not a fan of tariffs, I've talked to the president about it. However --

Donald Trump: You might be.

Glenn Beck: I might be in the end.

Donald Trump: You might.

Glenn Beck: However, I don't see anyone else with another option. And I feel like this is our last chance and if you can't get it done, if we can't make this turn, we're done. And this individual reached out and put their hand on my shoulder and said, no, Glenn, we're done. How serious is the situation that America is in if we don't turn this corner?

Donald Trump: So, we have one big chance to become really amazing, and that's with me, whether we like it or not. I hate to put that weight on my shoulders, but that's what we have, because we were ripped off by every country, I always say friend and foe. And honestly the friend was oftentimes worse than the foe. Ripped off on trade, ripped off on the military too.

Donald Trump: When I got involved in NATO, I wasn't a big expert in NATO, but I have a lot of common sense, and I figured it out in about two minutes. Nobody was paying. I mean, they weren't paying their bills. So, we were defending Europe, and we were getting ripped off by Europe in trade. It was like massive; no country can sustain that.

Donald Trump: We were paying most of the bill for NATO. And when I say most, I mean, like in the 80 and 90 percents and maybe 100. And I got involved and I said, you're going to have to pay your bills or we're not going to be here for you any longer. And they said, well, does he really mean that? And they said, you mean, if we don't pay the bill, you're not going to be here?

Donald Trump: Nope, I'll be gone.

Glenn Beck: Good for you.

Donald Trump: And they said, hmm. And the secretary general of NATO, Stoltenberg, good guy, said -- he has done something that I've never witnessed before. Because Bush would come in, give a speech and leave. Obama would come in, give a speech and leave. Biden we don't even talk about because he followed me, he let it get out of control.

Donald Trump: But he said Trump came in, didn't give a speech, made a nice speech, but didn't give, didn't care about it. What he cared about was the fact that nobody was paying -- they weren't paying their bills. So, we were ripped off; we were defending them, and they were killing us with the European Union, which was formed for the sole purpose of taking advantage of the United States of America.

Donald Trump: And I said this isn't going to go on. So, I'm not so popular in Europe because of what I've done, but in many ways I am popular. People don't want to see us fail.

Glenn Beck: You know, if it wasn't for their press that is worse than ours, because most of it is state run, I think you would be popular because the people are in the same position.

Donald Trump: They get it.

Glenn Beck: Yeah, they get it. It's happening in their country, and I don't understand how --

Donald Trump: It is happening over there. It's happening.

Glenn Beck: Oh. I mean, I just read a report that they said Sweden, the Netherlands could be out by 2030. I talked to Liz Truss just a couple of weeks ago and she said, Glenn, England is a failed state.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Glenn Beck: How -- how are the --

Donald Trump: She's been very nice. She's been saying good things about me. You know, she got --

Glenn Beck: The shaft.

Donald Trump: I think so. I mean, she basically said I want to reduce taxes, and they threw her out and she was right. You know, I reduced taxes, it's one of the things that made us do so well.

Glenn Beck: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Because we had the strongest economy in history during my first four years. You know, my first four years was incredible. I think we're going to do even better now. But we have a chance to do something that's monumental and I'm in the process of doing it right now.

Glenn Beck: But how do you negotiate with a group of elites who honestly, they were for the great reset, the WEF great reset?

Donald Trump: I don't have to negotiate. I don't have to negotiate, I'm talking to people out of respect, but I don't have to. So, we're this giant store that people want to come in and buy from. We're the United States. We have the richest consumer, etc., etc., right? But we're not going to be that way for long if we don't do something.

Donald Trump: But we're this giant store and they all want to come in and they want to take our product. But to take our product, they're going to have to pay, and will either make a deal with them or we'll just set a price because some countries are worse than others. Some countries have ripped us off really badly, and some countries have just ripped us off a little bit.

Donald Trump: But almost all of them have ripped us off because we've had really poor leadership. And what's going to happen is we're going to negotiate with -- we are negotiating, we're negotiating with 70 different countries. We're negotiating; we're showing great respect. But in the end, we may make deals, but either that or I just set a price, I said here's what you're going to pay for the privilege of servicing the United States of America.

Donald Trump: And they have an option, they can maybe talk to me a little bit or they cannot shop, you know, they don't have to shop at this big store. Or they can shop, but in any event, they're going to have to pay. Look, we owe $36 trillion for a reason. The reason is the trade, and also the endless wars, the stupid wars that we fought.

Donald Trump: We go into the Middle East, we blow it up, we leave, we don't get anything. And you're a big fan of exactly what I'm saying, meaning, let's not do this stupid stuff.

Glenn Beck: Let's not do that, it doesn't work.

Donald Trump: It's stupid. Endless wars -- endless wars that they don't even want us. You know, we got into wars, they didn't even want us. So, all of that stuff -- you know when I left four years ago, we had no wars. We had no Israel and Hamas and, by the way, would have never happened because Iran was broke, they were broke.

Donald Trump: I had sanctions that were so strong on Iran. They were totally broke. They had no money for Hamas or Hezbollah. We didn't have Russia-Ukraine, that would have never happened by the way. We didn't have the Afghanistan embarrassment -- one of the great embarrassments in the history of our country. We didn't have any inflation.

Donald Trump: Don't forget, I charged China hundreds of billions worth of tariffs. They talk about inflation. We had no inflation because that doesn't cause inflation; stupidity causes inflation, high energy caused inflation. When they took over my energy -- we were making it like nobody's ever seen. And then the prices doubled.

Donald Trump: By the way, because of that Putin went in. If they kept -- you see what's going on with energy now, it's going down.

Glenn Beck: Yeah, I do. Yeah.

Donald Trump: It makes it much harder for Putin to prosecute the war. So, we have a lot of great things on the horizon.

Glenn Beck: One of your spokespeople came out today and said that you're tired, getting fatigued with Zelenskyy. I think he treated you poorly in the Oval myself. He's kind of a punk. But is he the problem?

Donald Trump: You said it.

Glenn Beck: Yeah. Is he the problem? Is Putin the problem or is Europe the problem?

Donald Trump: So, look, Russia is a very big military force and Ukraine isn't. Without Ukraine -- and I'm the one that supplied the javelins to them. So, you know, I did a lot for them because the tanks got stuck in the mud and then they got javelins, right. And they always say Trump gave the javelins and it was in that case Obama gave sheets.

Donald Trump: He gave sheets, they sent nothing. But Biden gave money like nobody's ever seen before, $350 billion -- $350 billion, gave military equipment, gave storage. We had massive storage bins full of ammunition, buildings as long as the eye could see for -- gave the ammunition. What he did is -- look, between the border and the this and the that.

Donald Trump: But this war is so bad and it's -- And remember this, I say it here, I say it every time, this is Biden's war, not my war. I'm just trying to end it. And I'm actually ending it, yes, for money, but I'm not ending it for that, number one, I'm ending it because they're losing 5,000 people a week. Young soldiers are being killed, Russian and Ukrainian both.

Donald Trump: But in the end, Russia has a lot of soldiers, and they have a very big military. And things were said like when Zelenskyy was in the Oval Office, I was talking about getting it done and he starts screaming, but we need security, meaning security after the fact. I said security, I don't even know if we can get this deal done.

Donald Trump: He's asking for more, just more and more and more. And he doesn't have the cards, as you know, because you see what's happening over there. He doesn't have the cards. So, hopefully, he's going to get it done because I don't believe that Vladimir Putin would be doing this for anybody else but me -- a lot of people have said it too.

Donald Trump: I think he had the idea of going all the way through. I think he's willing to make a deal and I would say thus far he's been easier to deal with than Zelenskyy, thus far.

Glenn Beck: Mr. President, I have to tell you, I didn't understand why gold was going up so fast until I walked into the Oval. Oh?

Donald Trump: Oh? Oh, we're making it nice.

Glenn Beck: You are [Laughter] you are making it nice.

Donald Trump: We're making it the way it should be.

Glenn Beck: You have transformed the Oval.

Donald Trump: Yeah, no, it's good and I think I've transferred it and transformed it, maybe more importantly in what we're doing with our ideas, our policies because we had some really bad things happening to our country. And we now have a strong border. We're now respected. When you take a look at the money that's pouring in through the tariffs, you're going to see -- I mean, I want to -- that would be an ambition.

Donald Trump: I'm going to make you a fan of it.

Glenn Beck: You got it. I would love to be a fan of it.

Donald Trump: Not that I want to do, you know, tariffs or anything else, but I want to save our country.

Glenn Beck: Yes.

Donald Trump: We were losing $5 billion a day. You can't do that. It's not sustainable. So, we'll be doing another interview in a year or two years from now and you're going to say, you know, you were right on that. I've been right about a lot of things.

Glenn Beck: I have been corrected by your actions before. So, thank you.

Donald Trump: Yeah, but it's a great honor to be with you. Thank you.

Glenn Beck: Always. Thank you. Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you.