Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-vince-coglianese-vince-podcast-march-26-2025

Vince Coglianese: It's now my honor to welcome to the program the 47th president of the United States, Donald J. Trump. President Trump, great to have you with us, sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, Vince.

Vince Coglianese: It's an honor --

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Vince Coglianese: It's an honor, as always, to speak with you and now on the platforms that Rush Limbaugh and Dan Bongino built, if you can believe it.

Donald Trump: Wow.

Vince Coglianese: We're heard nationwide here, and --

Donald Trump: I've been watching -- I've been watching your rise. I'm not surprised at all.

Vince Coglianese: Well, thank you for that.

Donald Trump: It's very good.

Vince Coglianese: And let me ask you about Dan while I'm on the subject. Dan is now working for you --

Donald Trump: That's right.

Vince Coglianese: As the deputy director of the FBI. What was that conversation like when you asked Dan to come work at the FBI with you?

Donald Trump: Well, we wanted him and we thought he might do it, but he had to get somebody very, very good to take his place. That's very hard. Then I heard it was you, and I said, "I think we're getting Dan." You know, that would be great. So, we got two for one because you're doing great.

Vince Coglianese: Thank you very much. Let's talk about your presidency, how things are going with you. We're now 65 days in, if you can believe it.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Vince Coglianese: And although it doesn't receive a lot of coverage, we've had a lot of positive news. Violent illegals are being rounded up and deported by the thousands. Border crossing is down by 96 percent. Manufacturing jobs, up. Inflation is going down. Gas prices are way down. Egg prices are down. Orange juice prices are down.

Vince Coglianese: Is this, in your view, going better than your first term?

Donald Trump: It is. It really is. I mean, it's been very smooth. I would say probably as smooth as we've seen. They have polls that rate them. They -- they rated me the best first and second month in the history of the presidency. George -- George Washington was second. So, you'd say that's pretty good. I would say, yeah.

Donald Trump: I mean, I think it's -- it's very different. It's -- it seems to be more solid. First term, I was fighting everybody, Vince, everybody. You know that. And I was fighting -- well, I was fighting them good, but it was very unnecessary. They were doing the Russia hoax. They were doing a lot of things. They were very bad.

Donald Trump: And this time, they're with me. People are with me at a level like I think you have never seen, nobody has seen. It's been very good.

Vince Coglianese: It is amazing.

Donald Trump: Actually, very, very good.

Vince Coglianese: Last week, I had Vice President Vance on the show, and he was a total star. He was great in that conversation. And I've noticed that the two of you seem to be working very well together as a team.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Vince Coglianese: What is -- how is he different than Vice President Pence? What's it like working with now JD Vance?

Donald Trump: Well, they're very different personalities. JD is more outward-going. That's not to knock the other, but he's certainly more outward-going. He's a younger guy. He's got a lot of oomph. And he's doing a great job. I was -- I was very happy with Mike. Different type of person, but I was very happy with Mike Pence.

Donald Trump: So --

Vince Coglianese: Yeah. He just -- Vice President Vance I saw announced yesterday that he's joining that delegation to Greenland -- Greenland this week. That was -- originally, it was going to be his wife, Usha Vance, who was going. She was kind of the -- the top-line visitor to Greenland. And now, the vice president himself is going.

Vince Coglianese: What's the mission there? What is -- what are they up to, that delegation?

Donald Trump: To let them know that we need Greenland for international safety and security. We need it. We have to have it. And it's a island that, from a defensive posture and even offensive posture, is something we need, especially with the world the way it is. And we're going to have to have it. And so, I hate to put it that way, but we're going to have to have it. Modern-day weapons.

Donald Trump: When you look at ships going up their shore by the -- you know, by the hundreds, it's a busy -- it's a busy -- it's a busy place, and it's really something we have to have.

Vince Coglianese: Do you think the people of Greenland are eager to become American citizens?

Donald Trump: I don't know. I don't think they're un-eager, but I think that we have to do it and we have to convince them.

Vince Coglianese: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And we have to have that land because it's not possible to properly defend a large section of this earth, not the -- not just the United States, without it. So, we have to have it, and I think we will have it.

Vince Coglianese: You know, yesterday, Mr. President, you announced another round of executive orders that included requiring states to secure their elections or they lose federal funding. That seems like a really big deal. Do you think places like California, where they've got legalized ballot harvesting, will actually comply here?

Donald Trump: Well, I think they have to, otherwise we'll hold back funds. And we did a lot of things yesterday having to do with elections, and that's long overdue.

Vince Coglianese: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And elections have been rigged at a level like you've never seen before. You know that. You -- I think you're a believer in that. But anybody smart is a believer in that. But they've been rigged at levels that nobody has ever seen before, and it's time to unrig them. You can't have that. And you certainly can't have it in this country.

Vince Coglianese: Yeah. One of the -- one of the ways that -- that the elections have been rigged is clearly by the dishonest media and the big -- Big Tech companies --

Donald Trump: [Inaudible]

Vince Coglianese: Preventing voters from even having knowledge of what's going on in their lives. And -- and we're looking at --

Donald Trump: Absolutely.

Vince Coglianese: I want -- I want to ask --

Donald Trump: So many different ways.

Vince Coglianese: Yeah.

Donald Trump: They -- they don't do as per the legislature. They're -- but they would -- they're also just ballot drops, OK? You know, we get into lots of ways, but they ballot drop. They cheat like hell. The Democrats cheat. Republicans don't cheat. Sort of a very easy thing to say. And they can't defend themselves. And we're having a lot of it when we go after law firms.

Vince Coglianese: Right.

Donald Trump: The law firms are being gone after very much, and they -- they virtually admit that they cheated. You know, we have them in a very strong position. But it's -- it's -- there's been a lot of cheating going on. And the people --

Vince Coglianese: One of the law firms --

Donald Trump: Have never -- people have never seen anything like it, and we have to stop it.

Vince Coglianese: One of the law firms that you've been going after, Perkins Coie, which was responsible for contracting a guy called Christopher Steele to drop a huge document of lies about you --

Donald Trump: Right.

Vince Coglianese: That led to all sorts of Trump-Russia collusion allegations for years. You announced yesterday that you also are declassifying all of the documents from the Trump-Russia collusion hoax from what they call Crossfire Hurricane in the FBI. What do you think people are going to learn from those documents?

Donald Trump: I think they're going to learn how corrupt the election was. That was a very corrupt election. That was -- you're talking about the second election, I assume. That was an election that I won. I won by a lot. And you're going to find that out. The documents are there. The numbers are there. We won that by a lot.

Donald Trump: We won three elections. And we did very well in the second one. Now, the third one, we blew it away. The third one, we said, "too big to rig," and it was too big to rig. But that second election, you know, it was the COVID nightmare and a lot of that had to play, but that was a rigged election, totally rigged.

Vince Coglianese: It's wild. Are you concerned about all these terrorist attacks that the left is employing against Tesla and against conservative commentators? We've seen these swatting incidents. And who do you think is behind all of this?

Donald Trump: Well, I think it's a shame, the -- the ones on Elon, because Elon has done a fantastic job here, and I think it's a shame. And yeah, I'm concerned about it, but we're doing a lot about it. We have -- we have law enforcement looking at levels like you wouldn't believe with finding people. And if people are involved, they're going to go to jail for potentially 20 years.

Donald Trump: They better get -- they better get smart. They're not going to be happy.

Vince Coglianese: Yes. These are dumb people, by the way, who are attacking these cars. Those cars are surrounded by security cameras.

Donald Trump: Right.

Vince Coglianese: And you have people, their faces are completely out, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Vince Coglianese: Their -- their license plate numbers, as they pull away after the attack, fully visible. Not a smart crew that's attacking these cars.

Donald Trump: Right. It's not smart. And even smart people get caught because you probably have some -- you probably have some smart ones, too.

Vince Coglianese: Yes.

Donald Trump: But it is not a smart crew, I would agree.

Vince Coglianese: Yeah. Elon Musk had said on -- on X that he believes that ActBlue and George Soros and Reid Hoffman are all the source of a lot of this, going after Tesla. Do you think he's right?

Donald Trump: I think it's right. I've heard that. I don't know for a fact, but they sound like typical -- typical guys that do it. They're bad people. And I would say, yeah, they're right. I would say if Elon says it, I would go along with it.

Vince Coglianese: Yeah. I was talking about all the positive news for your administration, and Democrats are very desperate to -- to kick up some negative news against you right now. And one big item that we've seen in the last 24 hours is this piece out of Jeffrey Goldberg at The Atlantic, where --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Vince Coglianese: He -- he claims that he was added to a Signal chat between a bunch of your top officials. That's something that the White House has confirmed that somehow he ended up in there. There's an investigation going on as to how that occurred. But let me just start with that piece of it. Out of a country of over 300 million people, how is it that Jeffrey Goldberg, who hates you, ends up on this Signal chat?

Vince Coglianese: Isn't that bizarre?

Donald Trump: It is bizarre, and he's a, you know, sleazebag about at the highest level.

Vince Coglianese: Yeah.

Donald Trump: His magazine is failing. It's going to be out of business soon, in my opinion. It's been -- it's really -- it's too bad we gave it a little boost like this. But somebody in my group either screwed up or it's a bad Signal. You know, it's a bad Signal. It happens, too. But it seems to be maybe came in with a staffer, and it was by accident from what we could tell.

Donald Trump: We'll know pretty much today, I think. But we have some pretty good guys checking out the phones. But it's something that is not a big deal other than you want to find out who did it and how they did it because you don't want it to happen, you know, in the future. You can't have that happen. But I've -- I've known him for a long time, and he is truly a -- he is truly a sleazeball.

Donald Trump: There's no question about it.

Vince Coglianese: The -- the update we got this morning, the breaking news update this morning is yesterday, Jeffrey Goldberg was insisting that there were secret war plans that were discussed. There are war plans, he insisted. And then just a short while ago, this morning, The Atlantic published some of these -- these texts that they claim were war plans.

Vince Coglianese: And I -- and I noticed that in them, they -- they refer to it -- Secretary of Defense Hegseth is referring to known targets, but he doesn't say what the targets are. He just generically refers to them. Those don't sound like detailed war plans.

Donald Trump: No. And there weren't details, and there was nothing in there that compromised. And it had no impact on the attack, which was very successful. It was a very, very successful attack. And it's an attack that Biden should have done three years ago, but he didn't do it because it would have been a lot easier three years ago.

Donald Trump: But we're having very good luck on the attack. It's a -- it's an attack that has continued.

Vince Coglianese: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But the thing like that, maybe Goldberg found a way, maybe there's a staffer -- maybe there's a very innocent staffer. But we'll get -- I think we'll get to the bottom of it very quickly, and it's -- it's really not a big deal.

Vince Coglianese: Yeah. On -- on the foreign policy front, you mentioned all these strikes on the Houthis, I know when you were elected, one of the key reasons is that you would bring about peace in all of these big conflicts, in particular in the Middle East and in Ukraine. Where are you most hopeful right now? Do you -- do you -- do you have -- do you sense that one of these conflicts is more likely to end sooner than later?

Donald Trump: I think I'm hopeful everywhere, everywhere we're working. We're making tremendous progress in the Middle East. October 7th was a bad day, to put it mildly, and a lot of people were killed.

Vince Coglianese: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And they shouldn't have been killed. But we're making great strides in the Middle East, and we're making great strides with Russia-Ukraine.

Vince Coglianese: Yeah, it sure seems like it. This -- you're working with Democrats, to some extent, although you don't need to at the moment. You've got the House and the Senate. But if -- one of the things I've noticed about these Democrats is that they don't have a leader. It's not clear who's even leading their party.

Vince Coglianese: So, if you, Mr. President, were to try and negotiate with the Democrats today, who are you calling? Who would you even call to negotiate with that party right now?

Donald Trump: Well, nobody knows. You know, they don't have a leader. They have a girl named Crockett, who is -- there's something wrong with her. She can't speak.

Vince Coglianese: No.

Donald Trump: She can't speak. She can't get the words out of her mouth. She's a -- I can't see her going very far in politics.

Vince Coglianese: Yeah.

Donald Trump: That would be a shocker. That would be a --

Vince Coglianese: Yeah.

Donald Trump: That would be a shock to the system. You have some young ones. You have AOC plus three. I guess they're hanging around. And, you know, people are waiting to make their moves, I would imagine, like in the Democrat Party. But we have a party where we do have a leader, so strong leader, very strong.

Vince Coglianese: That's right. And -- and Jasmine Crockett, who you just referenced, yesterday, video going around of her calling Governor Greg Abbott, who's in a wheelchair, "Governor Hot Wheels." She's been called out for that. She later came out on Twitter, on X, and she claimed that she was actually just talking about when he was bussing illegals around the country, which seems to me like a pretty brazen lie on -- on the congresswoman's part.

Donald Trump: Well, it's a lie, and she -- she lies. But she's a lowlife. And she's a very low-IQ person and a lowlife. And I don't imagine the Democrats are going to have a person like that running their party. If they do, they'll never win an election again. It would be very --

Vince Coglianese: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It would be very hard. But I can't imagine she's going to last long. She's not --

Vince Coglianese: And -- and what do you think of Governor Gavin Newsom's --

Donald Trump: You know --

Vince Coglianese: Sorry.

Donald Trump: To be smart, you do need a brain, you know.

Vince Coglianese: Yeah.

Donald Trump: You -- you can't get around with little quips. And she's -- I've watched her. I've only -- I've only heard her for the last couple of days, and I watched her make a speech, and she can't speak. And she's a -- she truly is a low-level person on the very important chart of intelligence.

Vince Coglianese: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And really, it's nice to have intelligent people running your operation.

Vince Coglianese: Yeah, somebody -- somebody you can talk to, who you can have a good conversation with.

Donald Trump: At first, I thought she was a comedian. I couldn't believe she was a congressman or whatever she is. No, I thought she was a comedian.

Vince Coglianese: That's unbelievable.

Donald Trump: And she was sort of a little bit -- a little bit funny but crude. And now, I find out she's actually a politician. Well, the Democrats are going to suffer with this one.

Vince Coglianese: Yeah. And in some ways -- and finally, I kind of think that she's helping you in a way because Democrats are just all cartoon characters right now and people are looking at you.

Donald Trump: No, she's a dream.

Vince Coglianese: Yeah.

Donald Trump: She's a dream.

Vince Coglianese: Yeah, she really is. The president of the United States, Donald Trump. Sir, it is such an honor to talk to you again. I can't wait to do it again sometime.

Donald Trump: Well, good. We're going to do it. And good luck, and you're replacing a man, maybe he'll be back there someday. But when I heard you got the job, I said they could not have done better because you are terrific and you're going to have a great career anyway. So, whether you'll be there or someplace else, Vince, you're going to have a great career.

Vince Coglianese: President Donald Trump, the absolute best. Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you.