Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-newsmax-finnerty-august-1-2025

Rob Finnerty: Mr. President, I just wanted to thank you for having us to the White House today. It is truly an honor --

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Rob Finnerty: -- to be here and to do this with you.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Rob Finnerty: Um, there is some breaking news today. The jobs numbers came out this morning. I guess they were lower than expected. Uh, but you've announced that you're firing your, um, uh, Biden appointee, the head of the Bureau of Labor and Statistics, her name, Dr. Erika McEntarfer. Tell us about what was going on here.

Donald Trump: Well, it's a Biden appointee, and we've had problems in the past, and, uh, we had problems even before the election. You remember those wonderful results that were put out just before the election, and everybody said, "Where did they come from?" Then, I think they adjusted it after the election. And, uh, we had some difficulties with her, and there had been a lotta questions, and we fired her 'cause we didn't believe the numbers today, even though interest rates are too high.

Donald Trump: We have a terrible head of the Fed. He keeps interest rates too high. Uh, and, uh, I could understand that, but, uh, I don't believe those numbers, I think, uh, 'cause we're doing so well, and we fired her. We had -- This is not something from just now. This was before the election where, uh, she got, meaning Kamala, we thought it was Biden, but turned out being Kamala, where they got very, very, uh, strong numbers.

Donald Trump: I said, "What's this all about?"

Rob Finnerty: Hmm.

Donald Trump: And they adjusted them, and then later on they adjust them, I guess, downward. But, uh, we don't want that. We want straight numbers. I was thinking this morning when I saw the numbers, I said, "Who makes these numbers anyway?" I never gave it much thought other than before the election. But it didn't work out too well, uh, you know, for them.

Donald Trump: I won the election, so maybe people don't believe it or whatever. But, uh, I was saying to myself, "I wonder who does this?" And when I checked, I said, "This person is very suspect to me." So we thought --

Rob Finnerty: So, the accusation is this person was essentially cooking the books, and the numbers are not accurate.

Donald Trump: Well --

Rob Finnerty: The job numbers are not accurate.

Donald Trump: -- I think there's some strange things going on because --

Rob Finnerty: Yeah.

Donald Trump: -- just before -- same person, just before the election, you know, they came out with these great numbers, and I said, "I don't believe those numbers." They weren't good. And then I believe they had to do some correcting a little bit after the election. But, uh, no, uh, we don't want that. We don't wanna take any chances.

Donald Trump: We don't wanna play any games.

Rob Finnerty: I want to ask you about, uh, Jerome Powell. And you posted this on Truth Social, sir, just recently. Uh, "Jerome Powell, too late Powell has done it again. He's too late, too angry, too stupid, too political to have a job as Fed chair." Uh, why don't you remove him?

Donald Trump: They say it would disturb the market. I would remove him in a heartbeat, but they say it would disturb the market, and he gets out in seven or eight months, and I'll put somebody else in. But, uh --

Rob Finnerty: Is it a possibility that you'll remove him? Because --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Rob Finnerty: -- we have cause. To me, that's $700 million disaster down the road at the Fed headquarters is cause to remove somebody.

Donald Trump: He's, he's building a building for $2.9 billion, a renovation for 2.9 billion, the Fed. And it's not that intricate inside to start off with. I do a lot of that.

Rob Finnerty: Right.

Donald Trump: I built a very successful hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue, is a renovation, the old post office. I know more about renovating buildings than -- or building buildings than, like, anybody maybe. And I will tell you, uh, he's got $2.9 billion that they're spending on this thing and really more than that if you include the whole project, and it's way over budget by hundreds of millions of dollars.

Donald Trump: And he shouldn't be doing that. It's like -- it -- it's almost like he's building a palace for himself, but he's not gonna be there much longer anyway. That's the good news. He'll never get to use it. Uh, no, the Fed rate is too high. Interest rates are too high. And despite that, we have a great economy.

Rob Finnerty: We do, but Jerome Powell stays in place for now?

Donald Trump: Well, uh, it's very disruptive if you fire, so I would --

Rob Finnerty: Yeah.

Donald Trump: -- say most likely yeah.

Rob Finnerty: Okay. Um, the markets today are up and down. Today's tariff day. Today was a -- an important day, but you've had another incredible, uh, week that doesn't get the attention it probably should. There were several A-list events this week. The GDP numbers were great.

Donald Trump: Right.

Rob Finnerty: We had a surplus in June. Inflation is, I think, 2.4%. What's your message to Americans who might be concerned about paying more, perhaps even in the short term, for things that they need?

Donald Trump: Well, before the message, I have to say that, uh, I think that these numbers were incorrect today, uh, not that they were horrible. I've seen much worse numbers than this.

Rob Finnerty: Right.

Donald Trump: But I think that these numbers were incorrect today because nobody saw this coming. Nobody saw the, uh, the smaller numbers not only announced but going back and restating her numbers 'cause she made a mistake. You know, that was the bigger numbers. So, I think they're wrong. Uh, very importantly, we have prices down.

Donald Trump: We have energy way down. Uh, inflation is almost non-existent. It's way down from what it was. Uh, they had the highest inflation. I really, essentially in the history of our country, they say 48 years. I would say it's much beyond 48 years. The place --

Rob Finnerty: Yeah.

Donald Trump: -- was a mess.

Rob Finnerty: June of 2022, it was over 9%.

Donald Trump: Right, right. So, uh, they --

Rob Finnerty: You left office, it was 1.4%.

Donald Trump: That's correct, and now we have it down again. We brought it down. Uh, but prices are down. You know, when I hear the Democrats, they come out with sound bites. They say, "Prices are up under Trump." No, they're way down. I brought 'em way down, even eggs. You remember the first week, Rob, I went in, and they said, "Eggs are up four or five times." It was, like, crazy what was happening with eggs.

Donald Trump: Don't buy eggs. Uh, I fixed that, and I fixed it rapidly before Easter and so many other things. But prices are actually way down. Prices are down for groceries. They're down for energy, oil. You see what's happening with oil. We have some states where it's $1.99 a gallon --

Rob Finnerty: Mm-hmm.

Donald Trump: -- uh, more typically 2.33 a gallon.

Rob Finnerty: Mm-hmm.

Donald Trump: And they were at 3.90. They were re- -- really much higher than that during terms of the Biden administration. He took our energy policy, which was unbelievable. He ended it. And then he tried to bring it back as fast as he could 'cause you were gonna go up to seven or $8 a gallon.

Rob Finnerty: Right.

Donald Trump: So, they brought it back, but that didn't work out too well. Uh, no, we're doing a great job.

Rob Finnerty: The national average for gas under Joe Biden set an all-time record and it was at $5 a gallon.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Rob Finnerty: That had never happened --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Rob Finnerty: -- before.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Rob Finnerty: Um, I want to --

Donald Trump: That's true.

Rob Finnerty: -- ask you about the, the Chuck Grassley and Russiagate and, and some of the information that we got yesterday.

Donald Trump: Sure.

Rob Finnerty: My monologue last night was all about this. Um, these new emails, Mr. President, suggest essentially that Hillary Clinton personally approved the Russia hoax.

Donald Trump: With Obama.

Rob Finnerty: With Barack Obama. And, and my question is, is she finally going to pay for what she did, or does she get a pass again?

Donald Trump: So, you know, we had her and I had her right under the sights, and I told the people, "Look, you can't do this to a president's wife, an ex-president."

Rob Finnerty: Secretary of State.

Donald Trump: And she was Secretary of State.

Rob Finnerty: Right.

Donald Trump: But you can't do this to the wife of a president. And if you remember --

Rob Finnerty: Do you still feel that way?

Donald Trump: -- if you -- Well, [Laughs] I'll tell you how I feel about it in a sec. If you remember, I was at a rally and it was after the election, and they said, "Lock her up, lock her up." And I said, "No, no, no. Look, we won, just relax." And, uh, I didn't do what other people would have done, what they would have done.

Donald Trump: And then they went after me and they meant it. I said, "You know, it's amazing. I felt, always felt that you shouldn't be doing this stuff, and I let Hillary off the hook." I totally left her off the hook and then I let her off the hook for, you know, for what? And then I come in and they did the same thing to me. The difference is, they actually meant it, and they drove -- they, they hurt a lot of people, a lot of people, and it was all a hoax.

Donald Trump: And now they have it in black and white. No, I think they should pay a price.

Rob Finnerty: How directly --

Donald Trump: By the way, it's a very big price. It could be the biggest scandal in the history of our country. But it continues onward, and that continues onward. You know, that scandal has continued from the beginning. They have every -- everything they do is a hoax. They're no good at anything, other than some forms of nasty politics.

Rob Finnerty: I think how much it hurt you, um, in your first term, and I think about these names, uh, Brennan, Comey, Clapper --

Donald Trump: The worst.

Rob Finnerty: -- um, Hillary Clinton --

Donald Trump: All bad.

Rob Finnerty: -- um --

Donald Trump: They're all bad.

Rob Finnerty: -- how directly do you think Barack Obama was involved --

Donald Trump: Totally, he knew about it.

Rob Finnerty: -- in this?

Donald Trump: We have it cold. He has it in writing. It's all, he said, he -- you could almost say that he was almost more of the mastermind. He heard what she was doing and then he approved it. And when you ta- -- and not only approved it, he approved it and pushed it, and they knew it was fake. They knew the Russia thing was fake.

Donald Trump: I'm not great with Russia. I was tougher in Russia, don't forget the pipeline. Uh, I was the one that ended the Russian pipeline. Nobody ever even knew they were building a pipeline, I ended it. So, uh, and when Biden came in, by the way, one of the first thing he did was approve it. I had it ended. Now, that was the biggest economic development job they've ever done, that was going to all over Europe, and I ended it. No, I was the opposite.

Donald Trump: And I'll tell you what, for that to have gone on, it's one of the great scandals I think in the history of our country. I know it is.

Rob Finnerty: Are, are you willing to take this all the way to indictments?

Donald Trump: Well, it's up to Pam --

Rob Finnerty: Okay.

Donald Trump: -- Bondi, who's doing a terrific job. And, uh, she'll have to work with law enforcement to see what she wants to do, and I'm not giving her advice one way or the other.

Rob Finnerty: Okay.

Donald Trump: I can tell you though, I read like you read, and I read things that are unbelievable, that just came out yesterday.

Rob Finnerty: Yeah. Um, a lot going on.

Donald Trump: Now, they've been coming out --

Rob Finnerty: Right.

Donald Trump: -- over the last number of months --

Rob Finnerty: Right.

Donald Trump: -- but what came out over the last few days is incredible.

Rob Finnerty: Let me ask you, Mr. President, just about pardons. Um, I've got three names for you. And the first one -- look, the media didn't care about this story when Joe Biden was in office.

Donald Trump: Mm-hmm.

Rob Finnerty: Suddenly they care about this story again.

Donald Trump: Right.

Rob Finnerty: Um, Ghislaine Maxwell serving 20 years in prison for sex trafficking, se- -- for sex trafficking, is clemency on the table for her in exchange for testimony?

Donald Trump: I'm allowed to do it, but nobody's asked me to do it. I know nothing about it. I don't know anything about the case, but I know I have the right to do it. I have the right to give pardons. I've given pardons to people before.

Rob Finnerty: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But nobody's even asked me to do it.

Rob Finnerty: Sean Diddy Combs?

Donald Trump: Right.

Rob Finnerty: Would you consider pardoning him?

Donald Trump: Well, he was essentially, uh, I guess sort of half innocent.

Rob Finnerty: Yes.

Donald Trump: I don't know what they did [Laughs]. He's still in jail or something.

Rob Finnerty: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Uh, he was, uh, celebrating a victory but it seems, I guess it wasn't as good as a victory. Uh, probably, oh -- you know, I was very friendly with him. I got along with him great. Uh, and, uh, he seemed like a nice guy. I didn't know him well. But when I ran for office, he was very hostile.

Rob Finnerty: He said some not so nice things about you --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Rob Finnerty: -- sir. Yeah.

Donald Trump: And it's hard, you know, um, like you, we're human beings.

Rob Finnerty: Right.

Donald Trump: It's, and we don't like to have things cloud our judgment, right? But when you knew someone and you were fine, and then you run for office and he made some terrible statements. So, I don't know, it's, it's more difficult. Makes it more, I'm being honest.

Rob Finnerty: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It makes it more difficult to do.

Rob Finnerty: But more likely a no for Combs, it sounds like.

Donald Trump: I would say so.

Rob Finnerty: Okay. And what about George Santos?

Donald Trump: Uh, boy.

Rob Finnerty: He just went away, seven years.

Donald Trump: You know, he was, uh, he lied like hell. I mean, I have to tell you.

Rob Finnerty: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And I didn't know him, but he was a hundred percent for Trump. Uh, but I didn't, you know, I didn't, I don't, I might have met him maybe, maybe not, I don't know.

Rob Finnerty: Right.

Donald Trump: But, uh, he was a congressman and his vote was solid. It sounds like a lot. He got in, you know, you could blame the other side for not checking him out.

Rob Finnerty: Yeah.

Donald Trump: He didn't do all those things that he said.

Rob Finnerty: Yeah, local news missed it. Everybody missed it.

Donald Trump: Well, you could say the, the media missed it. Everybody missed it.

Rob Finnerty: Right.

Donald Trump: They found out about this stuff after the election was won. So nobody's talked to me about it. So they really, you know, they haven't talked to me about the two. They have talked to me about Sean, but they haven't talked to me about the two. But again, with him, I have the right to do it. Uh, nobody's asked me, but it's interesting.

Donald Trump: He, is it seven years?

Rob Finnerty: Seven years, he just went away.

Donald Trump: It's a long time.

Rob Finnerty: Um, your Deputy Attorney General sat down with Ghislaine Maxwell for nine hours. I'm just wondering when the American people get to hear what she said during that interview.

Donald Trump: Well, I don't know because I haven't spoken about it. But he is a very talented guy, Todd Blanch and, and a very straight shooter.

Rob Finnerty: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And I think he probably wanted to know, you know, just to get a feeling of it, because we'd like to release everything, but we don't want people to get hurt, that shouldn't be hurt.

Rob Finnerty: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And I would assume that was why he was there. We, I wanna release everything, I just don't want people to get hurt. You can't have a people associated, first of all, the files were run by some very bad people and very sick people like Comey and, uh, Lisa, the whole group, you know, all those people in that office, they ran those files for four years.

Donald Trump: And if they were gonna use the files, they would've used it before my election.

Rob Finnerty: Right.

Donald Trump: Because un- -- unless they're stupid, which to a certain extent they are stupid.

Rob Finnerty: You're saying they would've released the information before the election.

Donald Trump: Well, they had the files, they control the files.

Rob Finnerty: Yes.

Donald Trump: I didn't control the files. They control the files for four years. So if they had something, they would've released it before the election because they are, uh, not geniuses, but you know, they're evil.

Rob Finnerty: Right.

Donald Trump: They're a lot of evil people. Uh, so, uh, I, I can't really, uh, tell you much other than Todd went in and I think he just wants to make sure that innocent people aren't hurt. But you'd have to speak to him about it.

Rob Finnerty: Okay. Um, I want to ask you about the situation with Russia Mr. president.

Donald Trump: Sure.

Rob Finnerty: You have tried for the last six months to end this debacle in Ukraine, that's now in calendar year number four. Today, just moments ago on truth social, you announced that you ordered two nuclear submarines, um, to undisclosed locations, um, because of something provocative that was said by one of the Russians.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Rob Finnerty: Um, can you tell us how concerned you are about a possible escalation right now?

Donald Trump: Well, a former president of Russia who's now in charge of one of the most important councils, Medvedev said some things that were very bad talking about nuclear. And when you mention the word nuclear, I say, you know, my eyes light up and I say, we better be careful because it's the ultimate threat. He shouldn't have said it. He's got a fresh mouth, he said things in the past too.

Donald Trump: And so we always wanna be ready. And so I have sent to the region, two nuclear submarines. I just wanna make sure that, um, his words are only words and nothing more than that.

Rob Finnerty: And they're closer to Russia, I assume?

Donald Trump: They're closer to Russia. Yeah, they're closer to Russia.

Rob Finnerty: Hmm.

Donald Trump: Uh, that's a terrible situation going on over there. Do you know this, uh, last, since the beginning of the year, they've lost 20,000 Russians in this ridiculous war. Uh, they've lost 8,000 Ukrainians soldiers, and they've also lost people in cities and towns. A lot but not nearly numbers like that because, uh, missiles are being shot into Kiev and other places.

Donald Trump: Uh, this is Biden's war, this is not my war. This war would've never happened. It didn't happen for four years. Was never even talked about other than anything. I had conversations with Putin, it was the apple of his eye but he wasn't gonna go into Ukraine.

Rob Finnerty: Yes.

Donald Trump: And I will say this, uh, that's a war that should end. That's a terrible war.

Rob Finnerty: Uh, the bloodiest and deadliest in Europe since the Second World War. Uh, Reagan said peace through strength. I now call it peace through Trump. I think that deterrent is, is --

Donald Trump: Well, you know, we've settled a lot of wars. Uh, you take a look at what's happened just over the last little while. We've settled a lot of, a lot of very beautiful wars have been settled.

Rob Finnerty: That don't get a lot of attention from the media.

Donald Trump: No, they don't talk about it.

Rob Finnerty: Can I just ask you? Your 10-day deadline?

Donald Trump: You know, one of the wars, think of it.

Rob Finnerty: Sorry.

Donald Trump: India, Pakistan, nuclear. Uh, you look at, look at Cambodia. Just recently --

Rob Finnerty: Just this week.

Donald Trump: -- it looked like that was gonna be another big war. It was gonna be a war. I settled that up and I settled it up with trade. I settled a lot, a lot of 'em with trade. I said, "Listen, you guys are gonna fight. You can fight all you want. I mean, just fight your hearts out, but we're not doing a trade deal." All, all of a sudden --

Rob Finnerty: Mm-hmm.

Donald Trump: -- they end up not doing a war. I settled in the Congo. Uh, we settled a big one with Rwanda. It's going on for 31 years. Eight million people dead, killed. It looked like it was gonna go on for another 31 years. And, and we settled that one. Uh, Kosovo, you know about that. With Serbia, that was gonna break out.

Donald Trump: I, I mean, I settled a lot of wars. I think I settled it, it averaging about a war a month. But you know we're saving millions of lives. Uh, look what we did with the nuclear threat of Iran, that was totally obliterated as now has been confirmed. You know, they like to say, "Well, maybe it wasn't really that well.

Donald Trump: It was obliterated." It turned out, they just reported today. It was totally obliterated. Those pilots did some job, but we wiped out that nuclear threat. Uh, we've done a lot for peace.

Rob Finnerty: Just quickly, you gave Russia, I think it was like a 50-day deadline, and then you lowered that --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Rob Finnerty: -- to between 10 and 12 days. That would expire next Friday.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Rob Finnerty: What happens if there's no deal?

Donald Trump: Uh, we'll put sanctions on, and he's pretty good with sanctions. He knows how to avoid sanctions.

Rob Finnerty: Does Putin know how serious you appear to be now?

Donald Trump: I just want people to stop dying.

Rob Finnerty: Yeah.

Donald Trump: You know, this was Biden's war. This was not my war, Rob. This was Biden's war. Uh, it would've never happened. This was -- And it didn't happen. For four years, it didn't happen. There was no discussion of it. It wasn't gonna happen. I told Putin, can't do it. It wasn't gonna happen. And I get along with him very well.

Donald Trump: And the sad thing is, uh, when I come in, I, I wanna put this fire out and this is the one flame, but I wanna put the fire out. And I talk to Putin a lot, and I think we had a great conversation. Then I go home and I feel like, I, I see that a bomb was dropped in, uh, Kiev.

Rob Finnerty: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And some of the various cities are killing people. I say, you know, I just had this great conversation with him and it looked like we were gonna -- I thought we had it worked out three different times, and maybe he wants to try and take the whole thing. I think it's gonna be very hard for me.

Rob Finnerty: Yeah. Has your opinion of Putin changed just in dealing with him? You know --

Donald Trump: I'm surprised.

Rob Finnerty: -- You knew him, but --

Donald Trump: I don't want to say that. Look, he was, he's obviously a tough cookie, but -- So it hasn't changed in that way. But I'm surprised we had numerous good conversations where we could have ended this thing.

Rob Finnerty: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And all of a sudden bombs start flying, so.

Rob Finnerty: Mr. President, there was a report this week that Pete Hegseth, uh, is thinking about possibly running for governor of Tennessee. Do you think he'd make a good governor?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I think he's a great guy. I'd be disappointed though. I think he's doing a good job where he is.

Rob Finnerty: Um, you're not on the ballot this cycle, 2026. Historically, Republicans have struggled --

Donald Trump: I know.

Rob Finnerty: -- when Donald Trump's name's not on the ballot. How are you gonna make sure Republican voters turn out in 2026, just 15 months away?

Donald Trump: It's a great compliment. Right. When I'm not on the ballot, we don't do well.

Rob Finnerty: It's the truth. It's the truth.

Donald Trump: But, uh, I'm gonna be out campaigning and working very hard. We have great candidates. And you know, they're saying we had the greatest six months in the history of the presidency. We have done so much, uh, the big beautiful bill, the whole thing. I mean, everything. And that's the biggest tax cuts ever.

Donald Trump: Uh, the biggest regulation cuts ever lets people -- The wait till you see the boom that this country goes through in five or six months from now with all of the things that are happening, car plants are getting ready to start, uh, built.

Rob Finnerty: Mm-hmm.

Donald Trump: They're gonna be built --

Rob Finnerty: Mm-hmm.

Donald Trump: -- by record numbers. The AI stuff is, is crazy. What, what's going on there? Billions and billions, trillions of dollars is being there. And it's all gonna start very shortly now. It's amazing. We've taken in 17, almost $17 trillion of investments in this country. And when you see what happens, we're gonna have a successful country like I think we've never had before.

Rob Finnerty: Your administration has been very open about the fact that American women are not having enough babies. Um, we know that you have addressed this. There was an ad this week. Sydney Sweeney, an actress was in an ad for blue jeans.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Rob Finnerty: Um, the ad is doing very well. It's very popular. The jeans are sold out. Does America need to see more ads like that and maybe fewer ads with people like Dylan Mulvaney on the cover?

Donald Trump: Well, I, I think that Dylan Mulvaney ad was perhaps the most unsuccessful ad in history. It knocked $35 billion off the value of a certain company --

Rob Finnerty: Right.

Donald Trump: -- if you know what I'm talking about?

Rob Finnerty: Mm-hmm.

Donald Trump: That was one of the great disasters of all time. I would say it was probably the most unsuccessful ad, worst ad ever. Uh, you know, advertising's a very funny thing. I've done ads where I thought they were lousy and they turned out to be iconic. And then I've done some that I thought were beauties they were gonna be fantastic and they weren't so good.

Rob Finnerty: Yeah.

Donald Trump: So to each his own. But the Dylan Mulvaney ad was a total disaster.

Rob Finnerty: Um, you've been very open about wanting an expedited deposition from Rupert Murdoch. This is somebody that you were close with. Uh, and this is the Wall Street Journal, Epstein case. Um, do you think, maybe the better question is why do you think the Journal is attacking you like that?

Donald Trump: Well, it's funny 'cause the New York Post has been terrific. He's a, have a really good man.

Rob Finnerty: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Keith Poole runs it and they've been great. Uh, The Wall Street Journal has been terrible. They've been so bad. It's like a gossip page. It's like, it's not The Wall Street Journal. It's gossip. And when they write things wrong, I feel I have to protect myself. I have to protect my voters. I have to protect MAGA.

Donald Trump: And if I don't do it, I wouldn't be here with you. I wouldn't be, frankly, I wouldn't be president. I wouldn't, who knows what would've happened if I didn't fight --

Rob Finnerty: Right.

Donald Trump: -- back.

Rob Finnerty: Right.

Donald Trump: I mean, they were, it turned out to be a whole phony thing. The Russia, Russia, Russia hoax, and many other hoaxes too. That was just an offshoot but, uh, many other hoaxes. And so I feel I have to protect myself. Uh, Wall Street Journal, I find to be very, uh, very dishonest as it pertains to me.

Rob Finnerty: Final question, sir. Um, and I've never seen you do something like this, uh, but I want to name, if I could, a few members of your team and then if you will just assign a word or two to each of them.

Donald Trump: Okay.

Rob Finnerty: Uh, you can say whatever you'd like.

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Rob Finnerty: Um, first name Linda McMahon.

Donald Trump: Um, great.

Rob Finnerty: Okay.

Donald Trump: And, and I, I'll tell you a little bit surprising, 'cause you know, Linda's sort of a quiet person and everything else.

Rob Finnerty: Right.

Donald Trump: She turns out to be great. She is, what she's doing, and you know what she's really doing. It's not just the Harvard stuff. The more important is that she's bringing education back to the states. The states are gonna take education. She's done a great job.

Rob Finnerty: Energy Secretary Chris Wright.

Donald Trump: So, Chris is one of the most successful people in the entire world of energy. And I was told, "You'll never get him. You'll never get him." And Doug Burgum is the one that recommended, I was gonna use Doug. Uh, I would say for Chris, just great expertise, great talent.

Rob Finnerty: Marco Rubio.

Donald Trump: Um, born for this job. He was born for the job. Uh, you know, we had a really nasty campaign and the 2016 campaign, this was, --

Rob Finnerty: Yeah.

Donald Trump: -- uh, on the nasty side. And yet I respected him. I thought he was a great debater. I thought he was very smart. He had a lot of, lot of things. But you know, you're fighting somebody. Uh, he's just a great guy. He, and he did something else that's amazing. He got essentially a 100 votes, got 99, but you know, the vice president votes too if you, if you do the vice president.

Donald Trump: But he got unanimous on both sides.

Rob Finnerty: Right.

Donald Trump: So he was able to get along with the radical left and you could say the radical right. He was able to get along with everybody. Uh, he's a, he's a very talented guy, Marco, and we're really happy. But I think he was born for that job.

Rob Finnerty: Scott Bessent.

Donald Trump: Um, has a soothing way that's unbelievable. He gets, he'll talk like a market like today where I really believe the numbers are false, but that's okay.

Rob Finnerty: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But Scott probably wouldn't say that. He'd just get up and he'd say something, and he's got a great way about him and very highly respected.

Rob Finnerty: Kristi Noem.

Donald Trump: She is, uh, I mean, look at the border now. She worked with Tom Homan, so that's a big advantage. But she's done a fantastic job. She's been great.

Rob Finnerty: RFK Jr.

Donald Trump: One of the most popular people. I don't know. I, if I did a poll, he might be one of the most popular. He's, uh, he wants to make our could -- It's very simple with him. He wants to make America healthy again. You know, when you look at some of the things that are childhood diseases and all sorts of things that didn't exist 25 years ago or certainly not in the numbers.

Donald Trump: No. He, he's working very hard to make our country healthy again. And I did something and gave it to him and Oz and his group, Marty Makary, who's fantastic. And, uh, you know, I want to get the drug prices down by 1,000%, 1,200%. You know what I mean by that?

Rob Finnerty: Right.

Donald Trump: I wanna get 'em down. So like, we pay the same as other countries because we pay sometimes 10 times more than, uh, Germany and France and other countries and it's not fair. And, uh, we've gone to war with the drug companies and frankly, other countries on it. And, and I think we're gonna be very successful fairly soon.

Donald Trump: We'll have drug prices coming down by 500, 600, 800, even 1,200%.

Rob Finnerty: If you don't want to answer this, I didn't realize she'd be in the room, but she's on my list. Karoline Leavitt.

Donald Trump: She's become a star. It's that face, it's that brain. It's those lips. The way they move, they move like she's a machine gun. Is she in the room?

Rob Finnerty: She's in the room.

Donald Trump: She's a star. And she's great. She's a great person actually. But she, she's, uh, I don't think anybody has ever had a better press secretary then Karoline. She's been amazing.

Rob Finnerty: Mr. President, thank you so much for all of your time this afternoon. I appreciate it.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. It was good. Your show was great.

Rob Finnerty: Thank you Mr. President. I appreciate that.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Rob Finnerty: Thank you.