Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-dan-bongino-show-syndicated-radio-january-16-2025

Dan Bongino: All right. Welcoming back to the show, a very special guest, a great friend, a great patriot, and thankfully, coming Monday, our next president. President Donald J. Trump, welcome back to the show.

Donald Trump: Hello, Dan. We are friends, aren't we? How -- when you think about it, good friends.

Dan Bongino: Yeah, you're a good man. You've always been good to me and my family. I will never forget that. Outside of the politics and you being the change we need, you've always been a good man, and that means a lot to me. Mr. President, you will be taking over shortly. Thank the Lord. However, President Biden is claiming ridiculously that he's looking for a smooth transition.

Dan Bongino: But out the door, he's suing Elon Musk, taking Cuba off the terrorism list, shoveling our money out the door, changing the line of succession to basically screw you over, and destroying our capability to drill offshore for oil and gas we need. Mr. President, this is not a smooth transition. He's trying to hurt you as you get into office.

Dan Bongino: There's no doubt about that.

Donald Trump: It's 100 percent right, and it started right from the beginning. And it's a disgrace what's happening. And if you take a look, 635,000 acres -- you know what that is? That's half the ocean. Take a look at it. He took it off. It's probably $60 trillion worth of value. That's more than -- double the debt that we own, and he takes it off the value, just writes it off.

Donald Trump: It's like you write it off, but we're going to be redoing these things as soon as I get in. And literally, on the day that I get in, we're going to be having executive orders that's going to reverse most of it. And whatever we can't reverse, we're going to court. We're going to win them all in court very easily, quickly.

Dan Bongino: Good, good, good. That's great to hear. I'm talking to President --

Donald Trump: But he's making the transition absolutely -- he's making everything so difficult. He's been a terrible president. I read your statements every week where you go, "The worst president in the history of our country." And he really is. He's the worst president in the history of the country. And he's always talking about a smooth transition, and then he goes out and wipes out 635 million.

Donald Trump: Think of it, 635 million acres. It's like --

Dan Bongino: Yeah. Yeah.

Donald Trump: I want to do a plot -- a plot map. It's got to be -- it's got to be the whole ocean. He's just -- they're very bad people. They're very evil people, Dan. Very sad.

Dan Bongino: Yeah, they are.

Donald Trump: And the weaponization that he did -- and it probably worked out to my advantage. But the weaponization that he did with Jack Smith, a deranged human being -- the weaponization he did should never happen to this country again.

Dan Bongino: Yeah, I agree with you. I think it is one of many reasons you got elected, but the weaponization was -- was revolting to many Americans. My second question, Mr. President, big, huge news yesterday about this proposed Israel-Hamas deal. Listen, it's clear that the Biden team was ready to capitulate to, basically, all of Hamas' demands.

Dan Bongino: Biden was basically negotiating for Hamas against Israel. Did your team make clear to the terrorist Hamas that this is the best deal they were going to get, that it was only going to get worse from here when you take office on Monday? And basically, if they didn't accept the release of some of these hostages and stop demanding to remain in control, that they were going to be wiped out because there's no deal without you winning the election.

Dan Bongino: That -- that's a fact.

Donald Trump: If we weren't involved in this deal, the deal would have never happened, no deal would have happened, and the hostages would never have probably seen life again, but they certainly wouldn't have been released for a long time. No, we -- we changed the course of it, and we changed it fast. And frankly, it better be done before I take the oath of office.

Donald Trump: And I assume it is now. You know, we shook hands, and we signed certain documents, but it better be done. But no -- and it was so ungracious of Biden to say, oh, he did it. He didn't do anything. If I didn't do this, if we didn't get involved, the hostages would never be out. They would have never come out.

Donald Trump: Very much like the Jimmy Carter situation with Reagan.

Dan Bongino: Well, Mr. President, your team has actual proof of this from Biden's own mouth. He's not that bright. He gives his speech yesterday, Mr. President, Biden, and he says -- this -- these are his exact words. He says, "This is the exact framework I've been proposing since May." OK. So, why didn't they agree to it then until you won the election?

Dan Bongino: He basically made himself look like an idiot. He -- he acknowledged there was no deal without you winning.

Donald Trump: They wouldn't do it and -- they wouldn't have done it and his -- and they were never doing it. They would have never done it. And his principal spokesman yesterday said, "Thank you to President Trump and the Trump administration." Now, he did that because he knew it wouldn't have happened without us. So, it's -- look, I'm not looking for credit.

Donald Trump: I want to get these people out. They've lived like -- for three years, they've lived like in hell, and we got to get them out. And it will be great when we do. But, you know, there are dead people, many dead people. That October 7th tragedy would have never happened if I were president, Dan. Would have never happened.

Donald Trump: No chance.

Dan Bongino: Yeah. Yeah, I've said that on the air many times. I believe Joe Biden's weakness led to Ukraine, led to China's saber rattling -- saber rattling and all of this stuff. Mr. President, Americans voted for you the third straight time. They're -- three for three.

Donald Trump: Right. You're right, about that, Dan. Third -- third time. You're right. Thank you.

Dan Bongino: It's not like Meat Loaf, "Two Out of Three Ain't Bad," but Americans are expecting shock and awe to repair the really unimaginable damage -- unimaginable damage from the Biden years. This guy has been a forest fire for America. I think the momentum is there for what you would call one big, beautiful reconciliation bill.

Dan Bongino: And let me just explain in 10 seconds or less why. You've got the momentum now. The country is behind you. Even though we have a slim margin in the House, it's one big cause we can all get behind where we can fix the border, the defense industry, our national defense, the tax policy. We can do it all. The momentum is there.

Dan Bongino: Have you changed your mind on that? Are you committed to one bill or maybe two separate bills?

Donald Trump: Well, I really think you can do it either way. The end result is going to be the same or should be the same. But I actually think the one big bill. And now, it's -- it's been, you know, helped. And I have to say that, unfortunately helped. But it's been sort of pushed along by what's happening in Los Angeles, the worst tragedy.

Donald Trump: I mean, it's not even -- I know 30 people who have lost their homes. These are well-to-do people. These are good people. They work hard. They're, you know, very respected people. They've lost their homes. They're walking around -- they have no idea what happened. And, you know, just before I answer your question, I offered them about seven -- six years ago.

Donald Trump: I offered them millions of gallons of water a day from coming down from up north, you know, Canada and up north, pouring down millions and millions. And, you know, that water comes down, and it's -- it's sent out into the Pacific with the changing of a big valve like a valve on your sink but slightly bigger like by a million times.

Donald Trump: With the changing of a valve, they would have had -- and they still didn't change it. They still -- so, everything was dry. The sprinklers in the houses were dry. They had nobody -- nobody talks about that. The fire hydrants were dry. It's a disgrace. I'd like to see one bill. And because of Los Angeles because that -- you think that's a Democrat thing.

Donald Trump: They want that money going -- it's so fast. Because of Los Angeles, I think the concept of one big, beautiful bill has been helped greatly. You understand what I'm saying, Dan, because they want it so badly.

Dan Bongino: I do. Yeah. And I think you have -- you and your -- your rallies have become a source of serious political capital and power.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Dan Bongino: If we had one thing -- remember, Newt had the contract with America?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Dan Bongino: Americans will rally behind this. And, Mr. President, do you want to be the one congressman to sink this thing? With your -- with your true social feed alone, you could end this man or woman's political career. We have the ability right now to do big things. I -- I personally think one big bill is the way to go, but, obviously, you've got a team of people around you.

Donald Trump: Well, I think we'll get a lot of Democrat votes, too. I think we're going to get -- if we had a couple of negative Republican votes, I think we're going to get Democrat votes, too. But when you add Los Angeles into it -- this is a new thing that, two weeks ago, we didn't talk about. If you add Los Angeles into it, then you can really do one big, beautiful bill because, frankly, they want that so badly.

Donald Trump: They want the money to go out there so badly. And I don't think we should do a bill until Los Angeles is included. And when Los Angeles is included, we get everything we want.

Dan Bongino: Yeah, good point. We're talking to President Donald J. Trump. Mr. President, there was unexplained drone incursions in the northeast, an area you're obviously familiar with, being a New Yorker like me, that Tristate region. They appear to be a pretty major security threat, from good sources I have, to the homeland.

Dan Bongino: Not all of them, but the unexplained ones, a lot of them. When you take office next week, Americans are scared about this. They're a little anxious. And nobody's panicked about it, but it appears we don't have control of our own skies. Can we get an answer to what this is, who is controlling them? Obviously, with the respect for, you know, national secrets, we get that.

Dan Bongino: And what we're doing to control this, this seems like a really big problem.

Donald Trump: We'll be getting answers fast, and there's no reason why they're not giving an answer. I don't know. They must be -- they're embarrassed about something, or possibly, it's us doing it and, you know, they want to keep it top secret for whatever reason. But they should certainly have -- let the people know.

Donald Trump: It's -- it's right over my house in New Jersey. You know, the activity is taking place over my -- over Bedminster and areas near Bedminster. So, it's a little weird, but we'll know soon, and you'll be one of the first to know, Dan.

Dan Bongino: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Absolutely, they should let people know. You can't do that. And it's not only there. You know, they have it in Virginia. I was talking to Glenn Youngkin, and he said, "We have a serious drone problem there, too, where drones are coming from nowhere." And it's very interesting. It's a very similar problem.

Donald Trump: So, something is going on. We're going to find out very quickly. It will be one of the first things I look into.

Dan Bongino: Mr. President, one last question. Your team asked for 15 minutes. I'm going to respect your time, so I'll wrap it up here. You hinted at a recent presser, a story I've been practically obsessed about for a long time, the identity of the infamous January 6th pipe bomber. It seems bizarre to me that the FBI continues to manipulate the American public about this case.

Dan Bongino: The phone records -- saying they didn't have the phone records, that they were corrupted, when the phone company said they weren't corrupted. They have all this video that appears to be manipulated. And you seem to hint that they may know the identity of this person. They just don't want you to know. I believe that is the case.

Dan Bongino: Can we get an answer between you, Pam Bondi, and hopefully Kash Patel on who this person is and have the FBI open the books because I believe this is a huge scandal and a massive cover up?

Donald Trump: I think we will, and I think we're going to find out about Ray Epps. And I think we're going to find out about Scaffold Man. You know who Scaffold Man is, right?

Dan Bongino: Yeah, yeah. Of course.

Donald Trump: The guy was screaming to everybody, go into the -- "Go into the building. Go into the building." We're going to find out who Scaffold Man is, and we're going to find out some other things. And I think you're going to be very happy with what I do with respect -- I call them the J6 hostages because I consider them hostages.

Donald Trump: You know, they did a beautiful song, and they asked, would I do the -- the words, the words, not the singing, the words. And I did. That song went to No. 1 for so long, it was beating out Taylor Swift. I'm not a fan of Taylor Swift, but that's OK. And everybody else, beating -- beating them all out for a long time.

Donald Trump: And it was pretty amazing, actually. The song and the whole thing, those people, they -- nobody's ever been treated so badly as those people.

Dan Bongino: Yeah. Mr. President, thank you so much for spending time. Congratulations on a massive political win, for reorienting the Republican Party in a better, more effective direction with actual diversity, not the left's version of it. And I hope you have a wonderful time on Monday. America is breathing a collective sigh of relief now that you've won.

Dan Bongino: Thanks for everything you've done for the country, Sir. We appreciate it.

Donald Trump: And I think you're going to be very, very happy on Monday and your audience, which is very large, by the way. Congratulations, you have a great success. But you're very large audience is going to be very happy with the things I'm going to be announcing on Monday.

Dan Bongino: Wow. We're all looking forward to it. Mr. President, you have us tantalized here. We appreciate it. Thanks for your time, Sir. Appreciate it very much.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you, Dan.

Dan Bongino: You've got it. There you go, folks. How about -- pretty much nailed it right there. It was everything I wanted to get in. I didn't -- I wasn't sure we'd be able to squeeze all those questions in.