Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-sean-hannity-fox-news-with-elon-musk-february-18-2025

Note: [Fox News aired the edited interview of Donald Trump and Elon Musk on February 18, 2025. Approximately 40 minutes was aired during the hourlong 'Hannity' show. The White House released an official transcript with an additional 33 minutes of the interview. The following is the official transcript, as released by The White House. The parts used in the Hannity interview were checked against the video and confirmed accurate. The transcript will be reverified when Fox News releases the unabridged interview with the additional 33 minutes.]

Sean Hannity: Mr. President, great to see you again.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you.

Sean Hannity: How are you?

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Sean Hannity: Elon Musk.

Elon Musk: Hi.

Sean Hannity: Great to see you.

Elon Musk: Thanks. Thanks for having me.

Sean Hannity: I've been reading a lot about you.

Sean Hannity: I've got to start with this. So, he's working for free with DOGE. He's -- he's kind of put a lot of his life on hold, and you sued Twitter a number of years ago. You just made him pay you $10 million?

Donald Trump: That's right. That's right.

Sean Hannity: That's -- that's right. [Laughs]

Donald Trump: Well, I sued -- I sued from long before he had it.

Elon Musk: Yeah. Yeah. [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: And, I mean, they really did a number on me, you know. And I sued, and they had to pay. You know, they paid $10 million settlement.

Sean Hannity: You're okay with that?

Elon Musk: I mean, I left it up to the lawyers and, you know, the team running Twitter. So, I said, "You guys do what you think is the right -- makes sense."

Sean Hannity: I think it's funny.

Donald Trump: I think --

Sean Hannity: Because --

Donald Trump: -- it's a very low -- I was looking to get much more money than that.

Sean Hannity: So, you gave him a discount w- -- in the lawsuit?

Donald Trump: He got -- oh, he got a big discount. I don't think he even knows about it.

Sean Hannity: He's become one of your -- if you read and believe the media -- he's become one of your best friends. He's working for free for you. He's --

Elon Musk: Well, I love the president. I just want to be clear about that.

Sean Hannity: You don't care about that?

Elon Musk: I -- no, I love the pr- -- I --

Sean Hannity: You love the president?

Elon Musk: I think -- I think President Trump is a good man, and -- and he's, you know -- I -- I --

Donald Trump: That's the way he said that. You know, there's something nice about. [Laughter]

Elon Musk: No, it is. I, you know --

Donald Trump: It is.

Elon Musk: Because, I mean, the president has been so -- so unfairly attacked in the media. It's truly outrageous. And I've sp- -- at this point, spent a lot of time with the president, and not once have I seen him do something that was mean or cruel or -- or wrong. Not once.

Sean Hannity: You know, I've known him for 30 years.

Elon Musk: Yeah.

Sean Hannity: And I've never seen anybody take as much as he's taken.

Elon Musk: Yeah.

Sean Hannity: And we've discussed this. And I'm like, "How do you deal with it?"

Donald Trump: Did have a choice? [Laughs] I didn't have a choice.

Sean Hannity: Well, you would say that to me. I'm like, "What -- what am I going to do? Worry about it?"

Donald Trump: That's the only thing I can say.

Sean Hannity: And, you know -- and then culminating in two assassination attempts, which resulted in your endorsement.

Elon Musk: Well, I was going to do it anyway, but that was --

Sean Hannity: That was it?

Elon Musk: -- a precipitating event, yeah.

Donald Trump: That speeded it up a little bit?

Elon Musk: Yeah. Yeah.

Sean Hannity: The day of the assassination?

Donald Trump: Nice. I didn't know that.

Elon Musk: Yeah, it just -- it sped it up, but I was going to do it anyway.

Sean Hannity: Mr. President, with your indulgence, I'm convinced that people only know a little bit about Elon. I don't think they know everything about Elon, because as I studied for and prepared for this interview, I learned a lot about you that I didn't know. I think people will think about Tesla. Democrats are demonizing you and -- and trying to make the country hate you.

Sean Hannity: I just want people to understand you a little bit better, and the person that you've gotten to know and have now put a lot of trust in.

Donald Trump: Sure.

Sean Hannity: And, you know, just -- let's go over a little bit of your bio, starting --

Elon Musk: Ah, okay.

Sean Hannity: -- with PayPal and how you became involved in Tesla and SpaceX and Neuralink --

Elon Musk: This -- this could take a while.

Sean Hannity: -- and all these --

Elon Musk: I mean, you know, I -- I think the way you think of me is, like, I'm a technologist and I try to make technologies that improve the world and make life better.

Sean Hannity: You can show them your shirt.

Elon Musk: Yeah, and that's why, like, my t-shirt says "tech support" -- [Laughter] -- because I'm here to provide the president with -- with technology support. And now, that -- that may seem, like, well, is that a silly thing? But actually, it's a very important thing, because the president will make these executive orders, which are very sensible and good for the country, but then they don't get implemented, you know?

Elon Musk: So, if you take the -- for example, all the funding for the migrant hotels, the president issued an executive order: Hey, we need to stop taking taxpayer money and -- and paying for luxury hotels for illegal immigrants --

Sean Hannity: It's crazy.

Elon Musk: -- which makes no sense. Like, obviously, people do not want their tax dollars going to -- to fund high-end hotels for -- for illegals. And yet, they were still doing that, even as late as last week. And so, you know, we went in there, and we were like, "This is in violation of the presidential executive order.

Elon Musk: It needs to stop." So -- so, what we're -- what we're doing here is -- is -- one of the biggest functions of the DOGE team is just making sure that the presidential executive orders are actually carried out. And this is -- I just want to point out, this is a very important thing, because the president is the elected representative of the people, so he's representing the will of the people.

Elon Musk: And if the bureaucracy is fighting the will of the people and preventing the pres- -- the president from implementing what the people want, then what we live in is a bureaucracy and not a democracy.

Sean Hannity: Yeah. You -- you're both aware -- you have to be keenly aware that the media and -- and the punditry class -- not that -- you know, I think you've proven they have no power anymore, because they threw everything they had at you, and they didn't win. And that was, you know, the New York Times, Washington Post, three networks, every late-night comedy show, two cable channels -- they -- they just threw -- they threw everything -- lawfare, weaponization.

Donald Trump: It's true.

Sean Hannity: And now I see they want you two to start -- they want a divorce. They want you two to start hating each other. And they try -- "Oh, President Elon Musk," for example. You do know that they're doing that to you?

Donald Trump: Oh, I see it all the time. They tried it, then they stopped. That wasn't -- they have many different things of hatred. Actually, Elon called me. He said, "You know they're trying to drive us apart." I said, "Absolutely." You know, they said, "We have breaking news: Donald Trump has ceded control of the presidency to Elon Musk.

Donald Trump: President Musk will be attending a Cabinet meeting tonight at 8 o'clock." [Laughter] And I say -- it's just so obvious. They're so bad at it. I used to think they were good at it. They're actually bad at it, because if they were good at it, I'd never be president because I -- I think nobody in history has ever gotten more bad publicity than me. I could do the greatest things; I get 98 percent bad publicity.

Donald Trump: I could do -- outside of you and a few of your very good friends. It's, like, the craziest thing. But you know what I have learned, Elon? The people are smart. They get it.

Elon Musk: Yeah. They do, actually. Yeah.

Donald Trump: They get it. They really see what's happening.

Elon Musk: Yes.

Sean Hannity: And at the end of this interview, I -- what I would like is, I -- I want people to know the relationship and know more about you. What is the relationship, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Well, I respect him. I've always respected him. I never knew that he was right on certain things, and I'm usually pretty good at this stuff. He did Starlink. He did things that were so advanced and nobody knew what the hell they were. I can tell you, in North Carolina, they had no communication. They were wiped out.

Donald Trump: Those people were -- you know, they had rivers in between -- land that never saw water, all of a sudden, there was a river and a vicious -- like, rapids. People were dying all over. They had no communication. They said, "Do you know Elon Musk?" And they didn't really know I knew him. I said, "Yeah." They said, "Could you get Starlink?" It's, like, the first time I ever heard of it. I said, "What's Starlink?" "A communication system that's unbelievable."

Sean Hannity: I have it.

Donald Trump: And he -- yeah. And he said -- I called him, and I said, "Listen, they really need it." And he got, like, thousands of units of this communication, and it saved a lot of lives. He got it immediately. And you can't get it. I mean, you have to wait a long time to get it. But he got it to him immediately. And I said, "That's pretty amazing." And I didn't even know he had it. We watch the rocket ships, and we watch Tesla.

Donald Trump: I think, you know, something that had an effect on me was when I saw the rocket ship come back and get grabbed like you grab a beautiful little baby. You grab your baby. It just --

Elon Musk: Just hug the rocket.

Donald Trump: I'd never seen --

Elon Musk: Everyone -- right. Everyone needs [Inaudible] --

Sean Hannity: You hug the rocket. You hug the rocket.

Elon Musk: -- [Inaudible] rockets.

Donald Trump: Yeah. No, but -- and he said, "You know, you can't really have a rocket program if you're going to dump a billion dollars into the ocean every time you fly. You have to save it." And he saved it. First time --

Sean Hannity: That's ever been done.

Donald Trump: -- I've ever seen that done. Now nobody else can do it. If you look at the U.S., Russia, or China, they can't do it, and they won't be able to do it for a long time. He has the technology. So, you learn -- I wanted somebody really smart to work with me, in terms of the country -- a very important aspect.

Donald Trump: Because, I mean, he doesn't talk about it. He's actually a very good businessman. And when he talks about the executive orders -- and this is probably true for all presidents: You write an executive order and you think it's done, you send it out; it doesn't get done. It doesn't get implemented. They don't implement it. They -- maybe they're from the last administration -- and they are, in some cases.

Donald Trump: You try and get them out as fast as you can. But I could -- as soon as he said that, I said, "You know, that's interesting." You write a beautiful executive -- and you sign it and you assume it's going to be done, but it's not. What he does is he takes it, and with his hundred geniuses -- he's got some very brilliant young people working for him that dress much worse than him, actually --

Elon Musk: Yeah, the do.

Donald Trump: -- they dress in just t-shirts. [Laughter] You wouldn't know they have 180 IQ.

Sean Hannity: Wait. Wait. So, what -- he's -- he's your tech support?

Elon Musk: I --

Donald Trump: No, no. He is --

Elon Musk: I actually virtually am tech support.

Donald Trump: He's much more than that.

Elon Musk: I actually am tech support, though. But that's --

Donald Trump: But he gets it done. He's a leader. He really is a -- he gets it done. You get a lot of tech people, and you have people, they're good with tech, but they -- he gets it done. You know, I said, in real estate, you had guys that would draw beautiful renderings of a building, and they'd draw the rendering, it would be great, and you'd say, "Great.

Donald Trump: When are you starting?" But they were never able to get it built. They couldn't get the finances. They couldn't get the approvals. It would never get done. And then you have other guys that are able to get it done. You know, they could just get it done. I was in real estate. Same thing in this. He gets it done.

Donald Trump: So, when he said that -- he said, "You know, when you sign these executive orders, a lot of them don't get done, and maybe the most important ones," and he would take that executive order that I'd signed, and he would have those people go to whatever agency it was -- "When are you doing it? Get it done. Get it done." And some guy that maybe didn't want to do it, all of a sudden, he's signing -- he just doesn't want to bothered.

Sean Hannity: Does -- do a lot of those executive orders have to be codified into law to -- do you need the Republican Congress to follow up?

Donald Trump: Yeah, and they will. A lot of them will be. Yeah.

Sean Hannity: They will?

Donald Trump: Look, in the meantime, we have four years. The beauty is, we have four years. That's why I like doing it right at the beginning. Because an executive order is great. I mean, the one problem -- it's both good and bad, because when they did all these executive orders, I've canceled most of them. They were terrible.

Donald Trump: I mean, we were going to go radical left, communist, okay? It was crazy. Their --

Elon Musk: Really crazy.

Donald Trump: -- executive orders were so bad, if they ever got them codified, you'd never be able to break them. So, the damage that Biden has done to this country -- and it's not even Biden; it's the people that circled him in the Oval Office, okay? -- but the damage they did to this country, in terms of, let's say, open borders -- you know, there's so many things, but open borders, where millions of people poured into our country, and hundreds of thousands of those people are criminals.

Donald Trump: They're murderers. They're drug dealers. They're gang members. They're people from prisons from all over the world. And we have a great guy, Tom Homan, and he is doing so incredibly. You saw the numbers. They're down like 96 percent.

Sean Hannity: Ninety-five percent.

Donald Trump: He is a phenomenal guy. And Kristi Noem is doing an unbelievable job. And he wanted her. He said, "She's so tough." And I said, "I don't think of her as that way. You know, she's very nice." He said, "No, she's so tough." And she is. I see her with the horses. She's riding the horse. Let's -- [Laughter] -- she's great.

Donald Trump: But the team we have is -- is really unbelievable. But those executive orders, I sign them, and now they get passed on to him and his group and other people, and they're all getting done. We're getting them done.

Sean Hannity: Let me go back a little bit to your background, because --

Elon Musk: Sure.

Sean Hannity: -- it's beyond impressive. You were the chief engineer, for example -- you were an early believer in Tesla. You became the CEO and -- and then the chief engineer, which was phenomenal. SpaceX, same thing, which is unbelievable. I mean, you were the first company -- private company to send astronauts successfully into -- into space, first private company to send astronauts into orbit.

Elon Musk: Yeah.

Sean Hannity: That's -- that's pretty deep.

Donald Trump: He's going to go into orbit soon.

Sean Hannity: Okay.

Elon Musk: [Laughs] Yeah.

Donald Trump: No, he's going to go to Mars. He's going to fly on his --

Sean Hannity: Starlink.

Elon Musk: At some point, yeah.

Sean Hannity: As in [Inaudible] --

Elon Musk: But they say -- they always ask me, like, "Do you want to die on Mars?" And I say, "Well, yes, but not on impact." [Laughter]

Sean Hannity: Star- -- Starlink is in 100 countries. This is going to be hard. I feel like I'm interviewing two brothers here.

Elon Musk: You go ahead.

Sean Hannity: Starshield, which could be used for national defense.

Elon Musk: Yeah, it is already being used for national defense.

Sean Hannity: Then you have a -- what is it called? Optimus, a part of Tesla.

Elon Musk: They're a robot, yeah.

Sean Hannity: A robotic arm. Then you have an AI arm. And then you have something that really fascinated me, and it's called Neuralink.

Elon Musk: Yes.

Sean Hannity: You might help the blind to see and people with spinal cord injuries that they -- that they can recover, where in the past -- how close is that to becoming a success?

Elon Musk: At Neuralink we're -- we've ha- -- we've implanted Neuralink in three patients so far, who are quadriplegics, and it allows them to directly control their phone and computer just using their mind, just by thinking. It's like -- so, we call this product Telepathy, so you control your computer and phone just by thinking, and it's possible to actually control the computer and phone faster than someone who has working hands.

Elon Musk: Then the next step would be to add a second Neuralink implant past the point where these -- the neurons are damaged, so that somebody can walk again and so the pe- -- they can have full-body functionality restored. And --

Donald Trump: And you like Bobby, right?

Elon Musk: I like Bobby, actually. Yeah. I -- I supported Bobby Kennedy. I think he -- you know, he's unfairly maligned as someone who is anti-science. But I think he -- he isn't. He just wants to question the science, which is the essence of the science -- the scientific method, fundamentally, is about always questioning the science.

Sean Hannity: Well, they didn't tell us the truth about COVID.

Elon Musk: Correct.

Sean Hannity: That's for sure.

Elon Musk: Yes.

Sean Hannity: And we learned a lot with the Twitter files. And that just, then, raises a question. You're the richest man in the world. You may not like that part.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Sean Hannity: You're pretty competitive.

Elon Musk: I mean, it's neither here nor there.

Sean Hannity: I've known you a long time.

Elon Musk: I don't think it matters.

Sean Hannity: But --

Donald Trump: That's why I became president.

Sean Hannity: -- he's on your team.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] --

Sean Hannity: Well, that's true. He can't top that.

Donald Trump: He's good. You know, I wanted to find somebody smarter than him. I searched all over. I just couldn't do it. I couldn't. I couldn't.

Sean Hannity: You really tried hard.

Donald Trump: I couldn't find anyone smarter, right? So, we had to -- we had to, for the country.

Sean Hannity: But this is the thing --

Donald Trump: So, we settled on -- we settled on this guy.

Elon Musk: Well, thanks for having me.

Donald Trump: [Laughs] Yeah.

Sean Hannity: So --

Elon Musk: I'm just trying to be useful here.

Sean Hannity: But this is the interesting -- but this is where we are as a so- -- a society. And I -- I hate to do this to you, but I'm going to do it anyway. You're doing all of these things. At DOGE, nobody at DOGE gets paid a penny, correct?

Elon Musk: Well, actually, some people are federal employees, so they do.

Sean Hannity: Oh, okay.

Elon Musk: Yeah. They're [Inaudible]. But it's fair to say that the software engineers at DOGE could be earning millions of dollars a year and instead of earning a small fraction of that as federal employees.

Sean Hannity: Okay. So, just --

Donald Trump: And they're very committed people.

Elon Musk: Yes.

Sean Hannity: So -- you're -- you're committed to helping the blind see, people with spinal cord injuries recover.

Elon Musk: Yes.

Sean Hannity: You're committed to getting to Mars. You're committed to rescue -- you're going to help rescue, next month, two astronauts that I think were abandoned. They -- they dispute that in an interview.

Donald Trump: When are you -- when are you getting them?

Elon Musk: At the -- at the president's request, we -- or instruction, we are accelerating the return of the astronauts, which was postponed, kind of, to a ridiculous degree.

Donald Trump: They got left in space.

Sean Hannity: They've been there. They were supposed to be there eight days. They're there almost 300.

Donald Trump: Biden.

Elon Musk: They were put --

Sean Hannity: Yeah.

Elon Musk: Yes, they were left up there for political reasons, which is not good.

Sean Hannity: Okay, it's not good. Now, if I had the weight and pressure of doing that successfully on my shoulders, I think I'd be, you know -- but you -- when we spoke before we did this interview, you were very confident. You think this will be a successful mission.

Elon Musk: Well, we don't want to be complacent, but we have brought astronauts back from the space station many times before, and always with success. So, as long as we're not complacent --

Donald Trump: When are they -- when are you going to launch?

Elon Musk: I think it's about -- about four weeks to bring them back.

Sean Hannity: About four weeks?

Elon Musk: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And you have the go-ahead.

Elon Musk: We're being extremely cautious.

Sean Hannity: Yeah.

Donald Trump: You now have the go-ahead.

Elon Musk: Yes. Well, thanks to you --

Donald Trump: They didn't have the go-ahead with Biden.

Sean Hannity: What's that?

Donald Trump: He was going to leave him in space. I think he was going to leave them in space.

Sean Hannity: Well, it's like the [Inaudible] --

Donald Trump: He considered it a --

Sean Hannity: -- growing up, lost in space.

Donald Trump: Yeah, he didn't want the publicity. Can you believe it?

Sean Hannity: Unbelievable. And so --

Elon Musk: Yeah.

Sean Hannity: -- I want to echo something that the president said and then ask an overarching question. So, people in -- get hit with Hurricane Helene, they have no communication with the outside world. You come to the rescue. You donated that, I believe?

Elon Musk: Yes. Yes.

Sean Hannity: You donated to the people of --

Donald Trump: He saved a lot of lives. In North Carolina, he saved a lot of lives.

Sean Hannity: And California, after the wildfires?

Donald Trump: California. But, I mean, in North Carolina, where they were really in trouble, they had no communication, people were dying.

Sean Hannity: Nothing.

Donald Trump: They were dying of starvation. He saved a lot of lives in North Carolina.

Sean Hannity: Okay. Now you're going to rescue astronauts. And now -- again, you do -- you do all of this -- I would think liberals would love the fact that you have the biggest electric vehicle company in the world.

Elon Musk: Yeah. I mean, I used to be adored by the left, you know.

Sean Hannity: Not anymore.

Elon Musk: Le- -- less so these days.

Sean Hannity: He killed that, huh?

Elon Musk: I mean, less --

Donald Trump: I really [Inaudible] --

Elon Musk: Well, I mean, this -- this whole sort of, like, you know -- it was -- they call it, like, "Trump derangement syndrome." And I didn't -- you know, you don't realize how real this is until, like, it's -- you can't reason with people. So, like, I was at a friend's birthday party in L.A., just a birthday dinner, and it was, like, a nice, quiet dinner, and everything was -- everyone was behaving normally.

Elon Musk: And then I happened to mention -- this was before the election, like a month or two before -- I happened to mention the president's name, and it was like they got shot with a dart in the jugular that contained, like, the methamphetamine and rabies. Okay? [Laughter] And they're like, "Whyy?" And I'm, like, "What is wrong -- like, guys, like" -- you just can't have, like, a normal conversation.

Elon Musk: And it's like -- it's like they become completely irrational.

Sean Hannity: He -- he has no idea, if you're friends with him --

Elon Musk: Yeah.

Sean Hannity: -- you pay a price. You know, it's like, I walk into a restaurant in New York, and it's like half the room gets daggers and they want to --

Elon Musk: The eye-daggers -- eye-daggers level is insane. [Laughter] I mean, there was, like -- I had, like, some -- some invitation because -- so, I got invited to, like, so- -- basically, a big, sort of, damn -- damn event like that was -- but I'd received the invitation, like, the beginning of last year and then -- and I still attended, even after I'd endorsed President Trump, and I didn't realize how profoundly that would affect, you know, how I was received. [Laughter] I mean, I walk into the room and I'm getting just the dirty looks from -- from everyone.

Elon Musk: Like, if looks could kill, I would have been dead several times over.

Sean Hannity: But that was not -- [Laughter] -- before Trump

Elon Musk: [Inaudible] --

Sean Hannity: Before Trump: "BC" --

Elon Musk: -- ashes on the floor. [Laughs]

Sean Hannity: -- or "BT." Before Trump, that never happened. Right?

Elon Musk: No.

Sean Hannity: No. So --

Elon Musk: I -- I just -- doesn't seem strange? Like, what -- what is up with this total, like, madness?

Sean Hannity: You're smarter than me. Can you -- I actually think that there's a level of irrationality. It's almost like a trigger and --

Elon Musk: It totally triggers.

Sean Hannity: And it's like -- look, I -- I've been on TV -- this is my 29th year. I've been on radio 35 years. I will -- I've gone hard in the paint to -- for candidates that lost.

Elon Musk: Yeah.

Sean Hannity: And guess what? I get over it.

Elon Musk: Sure. Yeah, yeah.

Sean Hannity: And I just keep doing my show, and I just -- you know, I come back to fight another day. So, here's the big -- then this is the million dollar or billion dollar -- I'm among billionaires -- question. So, you have all this going on and you stop, in a way -- you're still doing it -- and you partner with him.

Sean Hannity: And this is what you get for it from the Democrats. You get "nobody voted for Elon." Well, nobody voted for any of your Cabinet nominees. Okay? "People are dying because of DOGE cuts." I'll give you a chance to respond to all that. "What DOGE is doing is illegal." "Elon Musk is" -- more street vernacular for a male body part. "It's a constitutional crisis."

Elon Musk: How c- -- why -- why are they reacting like this?

Sean Hannity: Well, first of all, do you give a flying rip? Number one. And --

Elon Musk: Well, I guess we must be -- if we're the target, we're doing something right. You know, if -- like, they wouldn't be complaining so much if they -- we weren't doing something useful, I think. What -- all we're really trying to do here is restore the will of the people through the president. And -- and what we're finding is there's an unelected bureaucracy.

Elon Musk: Speaking of unelected, there's a -- there's a vast federal bureaucracy that is implacably opposed to the -- the president and the Cabinet. And you look at, say, D.C. voting. It's 92 percent Kamala. Okay, so we're in 92 percent Kamala. That's a lot.

Sean Hannity: Yeah. They don't like me here either.

Elon Musk: I think about that number a lot. I'm like, 92 percent. That's, basically, almost everyone. And so -- but if -- but how can you -- if -- if the will of the president is not implemented, and the president is representative of the people, that means the will of the people is not being implemented, and that means we don't live in a democracy, we live in a bureaucracy.

Elon Musk: And so, I think what we're seeing here is the -- sort of, the thrashing of the bureaucracy as we try to restore democracy and the will of the people.

Sean Hannity: You --

Elon Musk: Is this making sense? I mean -- sorry.

Sean Hannity: Y- -- no, of course it does. I mean, to me, if you look at our framers and our founders -- and you've really become a student of history, Mr. President, and we've ta- -- we've had conversations both on air and off air -- and if we talk about constitutional order or transformational change, nobody can argue that what's happening here is going at the speed of light.

Sean Hannity: But however, what were the principles of our framers and our founders? They wanted limited government, greater freedom for the people -- and we'll get to the specific cutting of waste, fraud, and abuse. That -- that is your goal, is it not?

Donald Trump: Yeah. And my goal was to get great people. And when you look at what this man has done, I mean, it was something -- I knew him a little bit through the White House. Originally, I'd see him around a little bit. I didn't know him before that, and I respected what he did. And he fought hard. You know, he was a -- he was maybe questioned for a while.

Donald Trump: He was having some difficulties. It was not easy doing what he did. I mean, how many people have started a car company and made it really successful and made a better car where it's, you know, beating these big companies that that's all they do is cars? I mean, it's really amazing the things that he's done.

Donald Trump: But I didn't know it as much then as now. I mean, the fruits have sort of taken hold. But I wanted great people, and he's a great person. He's an amazing person. He's also a caring person. You know, he uses the word "care." So, they sign a contract in a government agency, and it has three months. And the guy leaves that signed the contract, and nobody else is there, and they pay the contract for 10 years.

Donald Trump: So, the guy is getting checks for years and years and years, and he's telling his family, obviously -- maybe it was crooked, maybe he paid to get the contract, or maybe he paid that they didn't terminate him. But, you know, we have contracts that go forever, and they've been going for years, and they're supposed to end in three months or five months or two years or something, and they go forever.

Donald Trump: So, the guy is either crooked -- you know, where he knew this was going to happen -- or he's crooked because he's getting payments that he knows he shouldn't be getting.

Elon Musk: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But they're finding things like that. They're finding things far worse than that. And they're finding billions -- and it will be hundreds of billions of dollars' worth of fraud. I say waste and abuse, but fraud, waste, and abuse. And he's doing an amazing job. And he attracts a young, very smart type of person.

Donald Trump: I call them high-IQ individuals, and they are. They're very high Q and -- high IQ. And when they go in to see the people and talk to these people -- you know, the people think they're going to pull it over. They don't. These guys are smart, and they love the country. You know, there's a certain something.

Donald Trump: But he uses the word "care." So, people have to care. Like, when I bought Air Force One --

Elon Musk: Exactly.

Donald Trump: -- I negotiated the price. It was $5.7 billion, and I got it -- I got them down $1.7 billion. Now they're not building the plane fast enough. I mean, they're actually in default -- Boeing. They're supposed to --

Sean Hannity: When is it --

Donald Trump: They've been building this thing forever. I don't know --

Sean Hannity: This is the new Air Force One?

Donald Trump: -- what's going on.

Elon Musk: Yeah.

Donald Trump: We don't build the way we used to build. You know, we used to build like a ship a day, and now to build a ship is, like, a big deal, and we're going to get this country back on track. We could do it, but so many things -- it takes so long to get things built and get things done. And a lot of it could be something we've been discussing.

Donald Trump: The regulators go in and they make it impossible to build. They make it very difficult to build anything, whether it's a ship, a plane, or a building or anything. And some of them do it because they want to show how important they are. Some of them do it maybe because they think they're right. They use the environment to stop progress and to stop things.

Donald Trump: It's always the environment. "It's an environmental problem." It's not an environmental problem at all. But they do a lot of things. And, by the way, speaking of that, Lee Zeldin is going to be fantastic in the position. So important. He could take 10 years to approve or disapprove something, or he could do it in a month.

Donald Trump: You know, just as good.

Sean Hannity: Sure.

Donald Trump: And I think you're going to see some fantastic -- a fantastic job done by him. He's a tremendous guy.

Sean Hannity: Newt -- you echoed something when I had just met you, and it was very similar to what Newt has been saying, that we're -- he brought this country to the dance. This is the opportunity to be transformational, and to have, I would argue, a -- the most consequential presidency if we -- if we'd really dig down and do something that had never been done before, and that is get rid of this bureaucracy.

Sean Hannity: And I'm going --

Elon Musk: Yes.

Sean Hannity: -- to get to specifics. You say the same thing. It's not done yet.

Elon Musk: Absolutely.

Sean Hannity: And what did you mean by that?

Elon Musk: Well, I mean the -- w- -- winning the election is really the opportunity to fix the system. It is not fixing the system itself. So, it's an opportunity to fix the system and to restore the power of democracy. And, you know, people -- like, it's funny how -- how often it -- you -- when these attacks occur, the thing that they're accusing the administration of is what they are guilty of. They're saying that things are -- are being done are unconstitutional, but what they are doing is unconstitutional.

Elon Musk: They are guilty of the crime of which they accuse us.

Donald Trump: That's always the first thing they do.

Elon Musk: Yeah.

Donald Trump: He's in violation of the Constitution. They don't even know what they're talking -- well, they know.

Elon Musk: It's absurd.

Donald Trump: It's just a con job. It's a big con job. And they're so bad for the country, so dangerous and so bad. And the media is so bad. When I watch MSNBC, which I don't watch much, but you have to watch the enemy on occasion, the level of arrogance and -- and cheating and -- they're just horrible people. These are horrible people.

Sean Hannity: They lie.

Donald Trump: These are horrible people.

Sean Hannity: They tell conspiracy theories.

Donald Trump: They lie, and they start up with the Constitution. They couldn't care less about the Constitution. CNN, likewise. I mean, I watched them asking questions with, you know, the hatred with the -- why -- I said, "What are you asking the question with such anger? You're asking me a normal question." But you see the bias.

Donald Trump: The bias is so incredible. Those two are bad. PBS is bad. AP is bad. CBS is terrible. I mean, CBS now -- they changed an answer in Kamala. They asked her some questions. She answered them like, you know, a low-IQ person. The opposite of him -- the absolute opposite. But she gave a horrible answer. They took the entire answer out, and they put another answer that she gave 20 minutes later into the -- in- -- as the answer.

Sean Hannity: It was part of her word salad.

Donald Trump: I've never even heard of that be- -- I thought I heard of it all.

Elon Musk: Right.

Sean Hannity: That wh- -- "60 Minutes" once -- one -- wanted to do an interview with me, and I said, "Live to tape."

Elon Musk: Yeah, exactly.

Sean Hannity: They said, "No." And I said, "No" --

Elon Musk: Right.

Sean Hannity: -- "No deal."

Elon Musk: Exactly. They can- --

Sean Hannity: Like, this interview will --

Donald Trump: I've never even heard -- you know, I've seen where they take a sentence off or something and they'll do -- but they --

Sean Hannity: Sometimes you cut for time o- --

Donald Trump: No, no. They took the entire -- this long, terrible statement that she made and put another. Nobody's ever seen what's happening. And, you know, the people that do all this complaining, they're very dishonest people.

Elon Musk: Yeah.

Sean Hannity: Yeah. I -- I'm going to, just for the sake of saving time --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Sean Hannity: -- because I could spend -- and I've done this on radio and TV, I -- I can spend an hour finding the outrageous amounts of money being spent abroad, like USAID.

Elon Musk: Sure.

Sean Hannity: And I do want to mention a couple, but I'm going to --

Elon Musk: Yeah.

Sean Hannity: -- scroll it and --

Elon Musk: Well -- well, I guess, at a high level, I think it's what the president mentioned earlier, which is that in order to save taxpayer money, it comes down to two things: competence and caring. And --

Donald Trump: That's right.

Elon Musk: -- and when -- when president was shown the outrageous bill for the new Air Force One and -- and then negotiated it down, if he had -- if the president had not applied competence and caring, the price would have been 50 percent higher -- literally, 50 percent higher. The president cared. The president was competent.

Elon Musk: The price was not 50 percent higher as the result. And so, when you add more competence and caring, you get a better deal for the American people.

Donald Trump: But we could take -- we were talking about this yesterday. I could take -- give me thousands of bills -- any -- I could pick any one of them, and I could --

Elon Musk: Yes, exactly.

Donald Trump: -- take all thousand. And let's say it's a bill for $5,000 -- just $5,000, and it's done by some bureaucrat. And if he would say, "I'll give you three. I don't want to pay you five. It's too high. I'll give you three." But they don't do that. If a guy sends in a bill for $5,000, they pay $5,000. They expect to be cut.

Donald Trump: Everybody expects to be cut. When you send in a bill, you expect to be cut. They send in the bill higher, for the most part. This is true with lawyers, legal fees. When they send in legal fees, you -- I can cut -- I wish I had the time, I would save so -- but I could cut these bills in half -- much better than half.

Donald Trump: But you offer people a much lower number because you know they -- they actually put fat -- I'm not even saying it's -- it's like a way of business. They put more on because they expect to be negotiated. When you send in a bill to the government, there's nobody to negotiate.

Elon Musk: Yes.

Donald Trump: You send it a bill for $10,000, and they send you a check back for $10,000. If you would call them and said, "We'll give you five." "No, no, no. I need more than five." "We'll give you a five." "I'm not going to pay any more than five." "Make it six." "No, I'm not going to make it six." And you'll settle for $5,500. You've just cut the bill almost in half, and it took, like, two minutes.

Donald Trump: When did that stop? But --

Sean Hannity: [Inaudible] the art of the deal?

Donald Trump: -- that's caring. No, it's not even the art of the deal. It's caring. He uses the word --

Elon Musk: It's -- it's competence and caring.

Donald Trump: -- it's caring.

Sean Hannity: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's -- it's a certain competence, but I think it's more caring.

Elon Musk: I -- if you --

Donald Trump: [Inaudible]

Elon Musk: Actually, if you add either ingredient -- either competence or caring -- you'll -- you'll get a better outcome. But it stands to reason --

Sean Hannity: Right. People don't want to do this [Inaudible]

Elon Musk: -- that's the reason that if you don't have competency and you don't have caring, you're going to get a terrible deal. And the problem is that the American taxpayer has been -- been getting a terrible deal, because -- look at the last administration. Can you -- can anyone -- can any reasonable person say that last administration was either competent or caring?

Sean Hannity: But they lied to us and said that Joe didn't have a cognitive decline.

Elon Musk: They fully lied.

Sean Hannity: They said the borders were closed. They said that the borders were secure. They said that --

Elon Musk: Right.

Sean Hannity: You know, they said Obamacare would save --

Elon Musk: They flat out lied.

Sean Hannity: They flat out lied --

Elon Musk: It was insane.

Sean Hannity: -- on many occasions.

Elon Musk: Yes.

Sean Hannity: I tell my audience all the time: Don't trust government.

Elon Musk: Yes.

Sean Hannity: So, the -- I want -- as I scroll this information, and it's -- it's -- I'll scroll a lot more than I'll mention to both of you, and this is the cost savings. I want you -- I want people at home to understand this part: The average American makes $66,000 a year.

Elon Musk: Yeah.

Sean Hannity: Okay? We have $37 trillion in national debt.

Elon Musk: Yes.

Sean Hannity: Now, all the money I'm about to mention and what we're going to scroll on our screen -- and all of this is going to foreign countries. It is not being spent here in America --

Elon Musk: Yes.

Sean Hannity: -- for better schools, law and order.

Elon Musk: I -- I think the average taxpaying American should be mad as hell because their tax money is being poorly spent.

Sean Hannity: I'm mad. It's stealing from --

Elon Musk: It's a -- it's an outrage --

Sean Hannity: -- our kids and grandkids.

Elon Musk: Yes, and the -- and people --

Donald Trump: And a lot of fraud, Sean. A lot of fraud.

Sean Hannity: Yes.

Donald Trump: And a lot of kickbacks. They're sending money out. They're not that stupid. These people aren't that stupid. They're sending for transgender -- something having to do with the opera, and they're sending out $7 million --

Elon Musk: [Laughs] Literally.

Donald Trump: -- $7 million. [Inaudible] --

Sean Hannity: You just stole my next line. I can't believe that.

Donald Trump: No, it's incredible.

Sean Hannity: I was going to mention that.

Donald Trump: No, but it's incredible: $7 million. Now, you know they -- they're not so stupid. They're sending all this money. They expect to get a lot of it back. And that's what happens.

Sean Hannity: Okay. So, let's go through it.

Elon Musk: Yes, they're -- a bunch of --

Sean Hannity: So, for the average person at home --

Elon Musk: -- this stuff is round-tripping. To the president's point, they'll -- they'll make it sound like it's going to help some people in a foreign country, but then they -- then they get kickbacks.

Sean Hannity: All right. Let me go to the ne- -- to the fir- --

Elon Musk: Yeah.

Sean Hannity: -- to the second question first. I want to know, because people like Joni Ernst, and -- and House --

Elon Musk: Yeah, Joni -- Joni Ernst has been --

Sean Hannity: They tried to get --

Elon Musk: -- has tried for a long time, and she's actually got a lot of good data. Senator Ernst has been really helpful, actually.

Sean Hannity: Okay, but they -- they actually hide what the real purpose of the spending is.

Elon Musk: That's true.

Sean Hannity: In other words, they -- and -- and h- -- this is a question: How did you decipher? It will say, "Humanitarian blah, blah, blah in Serbia or Afghanistan." We've been giving money to China for crying out loud, which I think is nuts.

Elon Musk: Well, we're giving money to the Taliban.

Sean Hannity: Money to the Taliban?

Elon Musk: Like a lot.

Sean Hannity: All right. So --

Elon Musk: [Laughs] I'm like, for what?

Sean Hannity: But they --

Elon Musk: I -- I want to see pictures of what they did.

Sean Hannity: But they try to obscure it, and -- and -- but then you got to the bottom line, which is what I'm now scrolling on the screen --

Elon Musk: Yes.

Sean Hannity: -- and that is: $20 million on a Sesame Street show in Iraq; $56 million to boost tourism in Tunisia and Egypt; $40 million to build schools in Jordan; $11 million to tell the Vietnamese to stop burning trash; $45 million for DEI scholarships in Burma; $520 million for consultant-driven ESG investments in Africa; DEI programs in Serbia; the president's favorite -- I'm sure you -- you love that taxpayer money was spent on a DEI musical in Ireland or a chan- -- transgender opera in Colombia or a --

Elon Musk: If I could, like, it sounds like --

Sean Hannity: -- transgender comic book in Peru.

Elon Musk: It sounds like -- it sounds like how can these things be real? But this is actually what was done.

Sean Hannity: Okay. The -- I --

Elon Musk: It -- it sounds like a comedy sketch or something. It's like --

Sean Hannity: I have 20 pages of this.

Elon Musk: Right. It's not -- the list is a mile long.

Donald Trump: The one thing you didn't mention, the media. The media is getting millions of dollars.

Elon Musk: Yes.

Donald Trump: Now, they say Politico, which is a radical left --

Sean Hannity: Subscriptions.

Donald Trump: -- you know, garbage magazine or -- or program. I guess they have magazine and they have some -- some media of all types. $8 million. I hear the New York Times got a lot. I hear they get subscriptions -- where they have subscriptions but maybe the paper is not sent. I have no idea if that's true or not, but it's -- they call it subscriptions.

Donald Trump: Lots of subscri- -- to different media, not just the Times -- maybe the Times, and maybe not the Times.

Sean Hannity: A million dollars in subscriptions is a lot.

Donald Trump: Well -- but -- but millions of dollars going to media that's radical-left, crooked, dishonest media.

Elon Musk: Well -- well, Reuters -- this is actually really wild: Reuters got like -- something like $10 million for something that was literally titled "mass disinformation campaign."

Sean Hannity: Well --

Elon Musk: That was on the purchase order. Well, I -- I thought that was a little bold. [Laughs]

Sean Hannity: I will tell you what was bold is when you released --

Elon Musk: I'm like --

Sean Hannity: -- the Twitter files.

Elon Musk: -- shouldn't you at least try to call it something else? [Laughs]

Sean Hannity: The Twitter files -- how they targeted him; how Twitter, at the time, worked closely with the FBI, the CIA; and, even before the release of Hunter's very real laptop, they were feeding them disinformation. That --

Elon Musk: Absolutely.

Sean Hannity: -- you found all that out.

Elon Musk: Well, I think --

Sean Hannity: That's called transparency, right?

Donald Trump: The FBI has to be rehabbed. The FBI --

Elon Musk: Yeah.

Donald Trump: What's happened with the FBI and the DOJ is just -- their -- their stock has gone way down. I mean, their reputation is shot.

Sean Hannity: And intelligence.

Donald Trump: And I think Pam is going to do great. I think Kash is going to do great. I think they have to do great or we have a problem. But when you look at what they did, the raid of Mar-a-Lago -- the raid of Mar-a-Lago -- you look at what they did, their reputation is shot.

Sean Hannity: It is. What -- you were going to say, Elon?

Elon Musk: Well, no, I was going to say that I think probably a -- like, a lot of people still --

Sean Hannity: How -- how did you find [Inaudible]?

Elon Musk: -- still believe, like, the Russia hoax, even though you've done a lot to combat that. The -- you know, the -- the Steele dossier was an incre- -- a massive scam that was concocted by Hillary Clinton and her -- her campaign.

Sean Hannity: She bought and paid it -- for it --

Elon Musk: Right.

Sean Hannity: -- Russian disinformation.

Elon Musk: There was -- it was -- the -- people still think the -- the Russia hoax is real. Like a lot of people s- -- because they never -- they never heard the counterpoint. I mean -- I mean, a bunch of people should be in prison for that. That was a -- that was outrageous election interference, creating a fake Russia hoax.

Sean Hannity: How much -- if you had to put a number on it, how much do you think you've identified waste, fraud, abuse, corruption at this point? And again, we've been -- we're going to be scrolling this throughout the program.

Elon Musk: Well, the -- the overall goal is to try to get a trillion dollars out of the deficit. And if we -- if we -- if the deficit is not brought under control, America will go bankrupt. This is a very important thing for people to understand. A country is no different from an individual, in that if an individual overspends, an individual can go bankrupt, and so can a country.

Elon Musk: And -- and the out- -- the massive waste, fraud, and abuse that has been going on, which is leading to a $2-trillion-a-year deficit, that -- that's what the president was handed on Jan. 20th, a $2 trillion deficit. It's insane.

Sean Hannity: For this fiscal year?

Donald Trump: Two trill- -- yeah. We inherited it.

Elon Musk: Two --

Donald Trump: Yeah. And inflation is back. I'm only here for two and a half weeks.

Sean Hannity: That was January --

Donald Trump: Inflating is back --

Sean Hannity: -- you were there for a week.

Donald Trump: No, think of it, inflation is back. And they said, "Oh, Trump infla-" -- I had nothing to do with it. These people have -- have run the country. They spent money like nobody has ever spent. They were -- they were given $9 trillion to throw out the window -- $9 trillion, and they spent it on the Green New Scam, I call it. It's the greatest scam in the history of the country.

Donald Trump: One of them. We have a lot of them, I guess. But one of them.

Sean Hannity: Well --

Donald Trump: Dollar-wise, probably --

Sean Hannity: -- and DEI --

Donald Trump: -- it is.

Sean Hannity: -- and wokeism --

Donald Trump: Yeah, yeah.

Sean Hannity: -- and transgenderism --

Donald Trump: Well, that's all part of it. Yeah.

Sean Hannity: -- and LGBTQ+.

Elon Musk: Yes.

Sean Hannity: And, by the way, not in America -- other countries, not here.

Donald Trump: You know, the amazing thing is when you see, like, the teaching of DEI: $9 million. How do you spend $9 million to teach no matter what it is?

Elon Musk: Right.

Donald Trump: You could teach physics.

Elon Musk: Exactly. Totally.

Donald Trump: You could go to MIT for a lot less.

Elon Musk: It's [Inaudible] expensive. [Laughs] Expensive.

Donald Trump: Yeah, the teaching --

Elon Musk: Expensive BS.

Donald Trump: -- of DEI.

Sean Hannity: Well, I think it would be better spent on --

Donald Trump: No, it's a kickback. It's got to be a kickback. Nobody is that -- nobody could do that. Nobody is --

Sean Hannity: Well, it --

Donald Trump: Nobody is giving -- to assess the dialog of an audience coming out of a theater: $4 million.

Sean Hannity: How much do you believe, Elon, you've identified in -- in waste, fraud, abuse, corruption now? And how much --

Elon Musk: Well --

Sean Hannity: -- do you anticipate you will?

Elon Musk: Sure. Well, the -- I -- I think --

Donald Trump: One percent.

Elon Musk: [Laughs]

Donald Trump: No, because it's so massive. It's -- this is --

Elon Musk: Yeah, exactly.

Donald Trump: -- huge money. Huge money. Look --

Sean Hannity: So, what we've found now is one percent?

Elon Musk: Well, we've j- -- we've just gotten started here.

Donald Trump: As good as they are, they're not going to find some contract that was crooked -- you know, crooked as hell. And, I mean, there's going to be so much that isn't found. But what is found -- I think he's going to find a trillion dollars.

Elon Musk: Yeah, I think so.

Donald Trump: But I think it's a very small percentage compared to what it is. I mean, he could tell you about treasuries; he could tell you about a woman that worked for Biden that became a very wealthy woman while she was working for him. Right?

Elon Musk: Yeah.

Sean Hannity: Yeah, I know who you're talking about.

Elon Musk: I mean, there are some strange situations where people -- where, you know, someone's working for the government earning $200,000 a year, and then, suddenly, they're worth tens of millions of dollars within a few years. Where'd the money come?

Sean Hannity: How'd they earn it?

Elon Musk: Yeah.

Sean Hannity: They have a private company on the side?

Elon Musk: We're just curious. Like, can you --

Donald Trump: While they were working.

Elon Musk: Can you show us -- because, like, in order to be worth tens of millions of dollars, you'd have to start a company, or you've got to get some kind -- the compensation has got to come from somewhere. So, how does a civil servant with -- earning $200,000 a year suddenly, within a span of a few years, be worth tens of millions dollars?

Sean Hannity: W- --

Elon Musk: So, I just want to connect the dots here.

Sean Hannity: All right, s- --

Elon Musk: Maybe there's a legitimate explanation, but I don't think so. [Laughter]

Sean Hannity: So, you know, and this gets to kind of the heart of where I am. I -- I looked at your work, and I look at this amount of money, and I get angry. And I don't get v- -- I'm not an angry person.

Elon Musk: Sure.

Sean Hannity: I don't get angry. I get a- -- I get annoyed sometimes, but I don't get angry. And I did live paycheck to bay- -- paycheck a part of my life. And I think of, you know, the working men and women in this country that the -- 56 percent of which cannot afford a $1,000 emergency after four years of Harris and Biden.

Elon Musk: Sure.

Sean Hannity: Okay? That is serious, you know, financial trouble. Or they're putting bare necessities on credit cards. And I'm looking at this and I'm thinking, well, how much -- when we -- when all is said and done, we could have written a check or cut the taxes or fixed our schools --

Elon Musk: Yes. Yes.

Sean Hannity: -- or deported these illegals that we keep finding, known terrorists, cartel members, gang members.

Elon Musk: Yeah.

Sean Hannity: And -- and we're not doing it.

Donald Trump: Sean, the saddest thing is they don't talk about the individual lines. I could go on your show right now, I could get a list that I have on the beautiful Resolute Desk in the Oval Office, and it's got 40 points, and all they are is the heading of what this money is. You don't have to go deep into it, and you see it's, you know, all different things and it's so ridiculous.

Donald Trump: I mean, normally, when you look for fraud, you're looking for one thing out of a hundred. Here, out of a hundred, 95 are going to be bad. I mean, they're -- and they're so obvious just by the heading. But they never mention that. They only mention, "This is a violation of our Constitution. This is a" -- the word they give, you know, it's like a sound bite -- "constitutional crisis." It's a new thing, "constitution-" -- But they never mention about where the money is going.

Elon Musk: Yes. Exactly.

Donald Trump: And when people hear that -- I had a very smart man, John Kennedy -- he's actually a very smart man. He said, "Sir, you should just go on television and just read the name of the topic that you're giving all the money -- just the topic that you're giving this money to, and don't say anything more," and he's right.

Elon Musk: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And I'll do it at some point, you know, when -- But they never talk about where the money is going. They just talk about, "It's a constitutional crisis." It's so sad. And honestly, I think they're bad people. I used to give them the benefit of the doubt, but you almost think they hate the country. I think they hate the country.

Donald Trump: They're sick people.

Sean Hannity: Remember, what they can't -- what they couldn't accomplish at the ballot box, what they can't accomplish legislatively, now they're using the courts.

Elon Musk: Yes.

Sean Hannity: And they c- -- they're trying to bury you in lawsuits.

Donald Trump: That's right. You know the good news, though? They've lost their confidence. They're not the same people.

Sean Hannity: I think you're right.

Donald Trump: They're -- they're not the same people. This election was brutal for them. We won every swing state. We won by millions and millions of votes. We won everything. We -- all 50 states went up -- all 50. It's never happened.

Sean Hannity: Popular vote.

Donald Trump: Every one. All 50 states went up. They've lost their confidence. I see it. And they're -- they're just swirling and twirling. They don't know what the hell is happening. They're much different. They're just as mean, but they're not getting to the point.

Sean Hannity: Why do you invite them into the Oval Office nearly every day?

Elon Musk: [Laughs]

Donald Trump: Well, the media -- you're talking about the media.

Sean Hannity: Yeah, your friends in the media.

Donald Trump: The media -- no, they're -- you know, the anger that -- they ask questions so angry -- a question -- a normal question. I give them an answer. They -- but they -- I say, "Why are you so angry when you ask a question?" Just a standard question. And, I don't know, there's something --

Sean Hannity: They haven't had a- -- they haven't been allowed in that office for the last four years, and here you're giving them access. Let me go to an area that I think is key, and -- and you talked about this in recent interviews, and that is: We don't need a Department of Education. Okay. And what some people are trying to do is stoke fears that, "Oh, my gosh, my kid is not going to get the money for education."

Donald Trump: [Laughs] Yeah.

Sean Hannity: Or "grandma's Social Security and Medicare." This was a big promise of yours on the campaign trail.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Yeah.

Sean Hannity: So, I really want to give you both an opportunity to assure the American people you will keep -- that money will be allocated for students, but with higher standards. For example, I would assume associated with monies given or vouchers.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] so much and -- and then Elon goes. But, look, Social Security won't be touched --

Sean Hannity: Won't be touched.

Donald Trump: -- other than if there's fraud or something -- we're going to find it; it's going to be strengthened -- but won't be touched. Medicare, Medicaid, none of that stuff is going to be touched. It's just --

Sean Hannity: Nothing. I want you to --

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] don't have to. Now, if there are illegal migrants in the system, we're going to get them out of the system, and all of that fraud. But it's not going to be touched. School -- I want to bring school back to the states, so that Iowa, Indiana -- all these places -- Idaho, New Hampshire -- there's so many places, the states.

Donald Trump: I figure 35 really run well. And right now, it's Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Finland, China -- China, can you imagine? -- has top -- top schools. We're last. So, they have a list of 40 countries. We're number 40. Usually we're 38, 39, but last time, we were number 40. And what I say is you've got to give it back.

Donald Trump: So, it doesn't work. I'll tell you what we're number one in: cost per pupil. We spend more money than any other country by far -- it's not even close -- per pupil. Okay? So, we know it doesn't work. So, we spend the most and we have the worst -- right? -- the worst result. When we give that -- when we give that back to Indiana, when we give that b- -- back to Iowa and back to a lot of the states that run well -- they run well, a lot of them -- 35, 37, 38 -- now, you're going to have 10 laggards, but you're going to have 5 real laggards, but that's going to be okay.

Donald Trump: Take New York -- you give it to Westchester County, you give it to Suffolk County, you give it to Upstate New York, and you give it to Manhattan -- but you give it to four or five subsections. Same thing in California. Los Angeles is going to be a problem, but you're going to give it to places that run well.

Donald Trump: We can change education Now, school choice is important, but that will get care -- taken care of automatically. We want to bring education back to the states. You will spend half the number. And I'm not even doing this --

Sean Hannity: So, you're leaning more towards grants not vouchers, like to parents?

Donald Trump: I'm not even -- I'm not even doing this to save, but you will save. It will cost you much less money. You get a much better education. If you go to some of these states, you'll be the equivalent of Norway, Sweden, Denmark -- places that really have a good school system. You'll have -- those places will be the equivalent, and your overall numbers will get so much better.

Sean Hannity: Do you want standards associated with the money?

Donald Trump: The only thing I want to do from -- from Washington, D.C., is make sure they're teaching English, reading, writing --

Sean Hannity: Math and science.

Donald Trump: -- and arithmetic. Okay?

Sean Hannity: Science? Science might help.

Donald Trump: Okay. A little science. You know --

Sean Hannity: Computers.

Donald Trump: -- you're not going to have much of a problem with that, but that's it. Do you know, we have half the buildings -- I mean, you look at Department of Education --

Elon Musk: It's empty.

Donald Trump: Look at the real estate and the --

Elon Musk: Yeah.

Donald Trump: -- the level. For what? To -- to -- I mean, for -- what do they do? We have really bad educa- -- the teachers -- I love teachers. I respect teachers. And, by the way, there's no reason why teachers can't form a union. They can do whatever they want to do, if it's back in the states. So, we're not looking to hurt the teacher -- I'm -- I'm going to help the teachers.

Donald Trump: I think the teachers should be incentivized, because a good teacher is like a good scientist, is like a great doctor.

Elon Musk: Sure.

Donald Trump: It's a valuable commodity.

Elon Musk: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I think they should be incentivized.

Elon Musk: Yes.

Donald Trump: So, I'm totally for the teachers.

Elon Musk: Absolutely.

Sean Hannity: I interview a guy a lot on radio. He's from Wichita, Kansas. And he started --

Donald Trump: Right.

Sean Hannity: -- as a medical doctor. Started Atlas.MD, and he's now -- he's rolled it out nationwide. Concierge care, $50 a month, 24-hour access to a doctor.

Donald Trump: Right.

Sean Hannity: You know, they use a lot of telemedicine now as part of it -- very innovative. He negotiates directly with pharmaceutical companies. People -- if they have high blood pressure, they walk out with their medicine. They have high cholesterol, they walk out with their medicine. And they pay pennies on the dollar.

Sean Hannity: You mentioned --

Donald Trump: By the way, forms of that could be done.

Sean Hannity: Forms of that?

Donald Trump: Forms of that could be done.

Sean Hannity: Innovation.

Donald Trump: We got hurt when we didn't get the vote on Obamacare. I made Obamacare -- I had a choice: I could let it rot and win a point, or I could do the best you could do with it. And that's what I did. We did a great job with it, and we made it sort of work, but it's lousy. We could do so much better. And when you say -- you go to certain areas, they -- they have doctors round the clock.

Donald Trump: They have great medical care for a fraction of what we're paying right now. There are things we could do. But, look, just overall, this man has been so valuable. I hate to see the way they go after him. They go after him. It's so unfair. He doesn't need this. He wants to do this. First of all, this is bigger than anything he's ever done.

Donald Trump: He's done great companies and all, but this is much -- you know, this is trillion -- everything's trillions, right?

Elon Musk: Yeah. The numbers are crazy.

Sean Hannity: To go back to my original point --

Donald Trump: He can save --

Elon Musk: Yeah.

Sean Hannity: But let me -- give him his $10 million back.

Elon Musk: Well -- well -- I -- no. So, people ask me, like, "What's -- what's the -- what's the -- what's, like, the -- what's your biggest surprise in -- in D.C.?" And I'm like, "The sheer scale."

Sean Hannity: It's massive. So, you love the challenge?

Elon Musk: Well, I mean, to --

Donald Trump: He'll never do anything bigger.

Elon Musk: To the president's point --

Donald Trump: That's the only thing you can say, "He'll never do anything" --

Elon Musk: But, I mean, you do something slightly better, and you save billions of dollars for the American taxpayer -- just slightly better. Slightly. [Laughs]

Sean Hannity: When you say "tech support" --

Elon Musk: You go one percent better, and it's, like, you know, tens of billions of dollars saved to the American taxpayer. Now, if I may address the point that you -- the question you asked earlier, which is, you know, how do we assure people that --

Sean Hannity: They want to know.

Elon Musk: Yeah, how do we assure people that we're going to do the right thing, that their -- that their Social Security benefits will be there, that their -- the medical care will be good and s- -- and -- in fact, how do we make it -- ensure that there's better medical care in the future? How do we improve their benefits?

Elon Musk: How do we make sure that their Social Security check goes further than it did in the past and not -- it doesn't get weakened by inflation? So, the -- if we -- if we address the -- the massive deficit spending, the sort of -- the -- the waste in the government, then -- then we can actually address inflation.

Elon Musk: So, provided the economy grows faster than the money supply, which means you stop the government overspending and the waste, and the output of real useful goods and services exceeds the increase in the money supply, you have no inflation.

Sean Hannity: Yeah.

Elon Musk: And -- and you also drop the -- the interest payments that people pay, because if the government keeps --

Sean Hannity: Way too high.

Elon Musk: Yes. The -- the reason the interest payments are so high is because the -- the national debt keeps increasing. So, the -- the government is competing for -- to sell debt with -- for -- with -- with the private citizens. This drives up the interest rate. So, if you have a -- if you have a -- if you cut back on the deficit, you actually have an amazing situation for people, because you get r- -- you get rid of inflation and you drop the interest rates.

Elon Musk: And that means people's mortgage payments go down, their credit card payments go down, their car payments go down, their student loans go down. Everything -- their -- their life becomes more affordable and they're standard of living improves.

Sean Hannity: How quickly? Because I think people are suffering now. We're still living under the Biden-Harris economy.

Donald Trump: But, Sean, you have states right now --

Sean Hannity: Yeah.

Donald Trump: You have some states that operate that way. They operate as well as any corporation. They really operate well.

Elon Musk: Yeah.

Sean Hannity: Florida.

Donald Trump: They have surpluses. They ha- -- they don't --

Elon Musk: Texas is -- has a surplus, for example.

Sean Hannity: Yeah.

Donald Trump: When they -- when they look at New York and -- and California and some of these places that should have an advantage -- I mean, there's a big advantage -- or Pritzker does such a bad job in Illinois; it's horrible how bad he is -- and they don't have that advantage. You know, New York has stock exchange and a lot of things.

Donald Trump: And California has the weather and the beautiful water and all the thing- --

Elon Musk: California has -- has great weather. The most expensive weather on Earth.

Donald Trump: Yeah. [Laughter] But -- but --

Sean Hannity: I like Florida.

Elon Musk: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But some states operate the way he's talking about.

Sean Hannity: Efficiently.

Donald Trump: When you go into some of these states, you're going to find very little. You're going to find almost nothing. They really operate well -- big surpluses, low taxes. And --

Sean Hannity: You know, my taxes went up the first time you were president, because you took away the SALT deduction --

Donald Trump: I -- well, I did.

Sean Hannity: -- which, by the way, I thought was the right decision.

Donald Trump: It was the right decision -- in fact, Reagan tried to do it -- because it rewards badly run states. But at the same time, it's a tough -- it was -- it's tough for the states. I mean, it really is tough for the states. The sad part is it rewards really badly run states.

Sean Hannity: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And Reagan tried to do it. He was unable to do it. I got it done.

Sean Hannity: You got it done, and --

Donald Trump: And now we're going to give some back.

Sean Hannity: A little bit.

Donald Trump: Because you know what? We've got to help them.

Sean Hannity: It's only a little.

Donald Trump: We've got to help.

Sean Hannity: Because otherwi- -- we're encouraging people to elect high taxes, spen- --

Donald Trump: Nobody had any idea it would be that devastating. I did the right thing. I got something that Reagan couldn't do. I got it done, where everybody is -- are the same. But you know what? We've got to help them out.

Sean Hannity: Reagan had the Grace Commission, some of the best business minds in the country.

Donald Trump: Right.

Sean Hannity: And they came up with recommendations. Congress adopted none of them, and none of them were implemented. I've got to ask this question, because the media is obsessed about it: What -- what if there is a conflict? In other words, because you do business -- it was funny, when it came out the other day, that there was going to be, I think, $400 million -- billio- -- I don't know if it was millions or billions -- a lot of money on Teslas that Joe Biden's administration w- -- did with Tesla, and --

Elon Musk: I'm not familiar with that.

Sean Hannity: You're not even familiar with it? But --

Elon Musk: I -- I don't think -- are you talking about, like, the Inflation Reduction Act stuff or --

Sean Hannity: It was some -- it was a purchase order of Tesla vehicles.

Elon Musk: Oh. Oh, that was -- that was incorrect. There was s- -- like, there's some sort of -- the media claim that there was, like, $400 million worth of Cybertrucks --

Sean Hannity: That was it.

Elon Musk: -- being bought by the DOD.

Sean Hannity: And that he gave it to you.

Elon Musk: No -- well, first of all, that was --

Donald Trump: No, actually, it was --

Elon Musk: Th- -- it was fa- --

Donald Trump: It was Biden.

Sean Hannity: It was Biden.

Donald Trump: And you know Biden wouldn't give him much.

Elon Musk: But -- but it wasn't even -- it was fake news, six weeks to Sunday. Tesla is not getting $400 million for Cybertrucks. And the -- and the -- and this alleged --

Sean Hannity: That's what it was, Cybertrucks.

Elon Musk: This -- yeah. This alleged award occurred in December, before the president took office. So, it's -- it's fake on multiple levels. There i- -- Tesla isn't getting $400 million. And even if it -- even if it was, which it isn't, it was awarded during the Biden administration.

Sean Hannity: Okay, but you're -- you -- you --

Elon Musk: It's total fake news.

Sean Hannity: There -- there is --

Elon Musk: It's fake on, like -- it's like multiple leverals --

Sean Hannity: There is some integration --

Elon Musk: -- multiple layers of fake.

Sean Hannity: So, you're -- you're tasked now -- and I pray to God this is successful. I really do. I wish you Godspeed.

Elon Musk: Yeah.

Sean Hannity: You know, "Godspeed, John Glenn."

Donald Trump: It's -- it's going to be, by the way. I really believe it's going to be.

Sean Hannity: But -- but there --

Elon Musk: Oh, yeah.

Sean Hannity: But there are legitimate areas --

Donald Trump: Because the country is going to do well beside this. This is cutting. We're only talking about cutting. We're also going to make a lot of money. We're g- -- we're taking in so much money.

Sean Hannity: But what about his business? What if -- if there is --

Donald Trump: Then we won't let him do it.

Sean Hannity: -- a contract he would otherwise get?

Donald Trump: We're not going to let him do it. He -- if --

Sean Hannity: You're not going to let him do it?

Donald Trump: If he's got a conflict -- I mean, look -- he --

Sean Hannity: Y- -- now y- --

Donald Trump: He's in certain areas -- I mean, I see this morning -- I didn't -- I didn't know, but I said, "Do the right thing" -- where they're cutting way back on the electric vehicle subsidies.

Elon Musk: Yes.

Donald Trump: They're cutting back.

Sean Hannity: You're losing --

Donald Trump: Not only cutting back --

Sean Hannity: It hurts you.

Elon Musk: Correct.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Now, I will tell you --

Sean Hannity: You don't care?

Elon Musk: Well --

Donald Trump: He's probably not that happy with it, but that would have been one thing he would have come to me and said, "Listen, you got to do me a favor. This is crazy." [Laughter] But this was in the tax bill. They're cutting back on the subsidies. I didn't -- I wasn't involved in it. I said, "Do what's right, and you get" -- and they're coming up with the tax, but it's just preliminary.

Donald Trump: But I mean, if he were involved, wouldn't you think he'd probably do that? Now, maybe he does better if you cut back on the subsidies. Who knows. Because he figures -- he does think differently. He thinks he has a better product, and as long as he has a level playing field, he doesn't care what you do --

Elon Musk: Exactly.

Donald Trump: -- which he's very -- he's told me that.

Elon Musk: Yeah. I mean, I haven't asked the president for anything ever.

Donald Trump: It's true.

Sean Hannity: And if it comes up, how -- how will you handle it? [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: He won't be involved.

Elon Musk: Yeah, I'll -- I'll re- -- I'll recuse myself if it is a conflict.

Donald Trump: If there's a conflict, he won't be involved.

Elon Musk: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I mean, I wouldn't want that, and he won't want it.

Elon Musk: Right. And -- and also, I'm getting a -- sort of a daily proctology exam here. You know, it's not like I'll be getting away from something in the dead of night.

Sean Hannity: Welcome to D.C. If you want a friend, get a dog.

Elon Musk: Well, I do have a dog, but I also have friends. [Laughter] My dog loves me, poor little creature.

Donald Trump: You know the truth was --

Elon Musk: I need to bring him to D.C.

Donald Trump: He's -- I know every businessman. I know the -- the good ones, the bad ones, the smart ones, the lucky ones. I know them all. This guy is a ver- -- he's a brilliant guy. He's a great guy. He's got tremendous imagination and scientific imagin- -- far beyond -- you know, you keep talking about a technologist and all, but you're much more than a technologist.

Donald Trump: You are that. But he's also a good person. He's a very good person, and he wants to see the country do well. And I know a lot of great businesspeople, really great business people, but, you know, they're not really, in some cases, very good people. And I know people that would try and take advantage of the situation.

Donald Trump: This guy is somebody that really cares for the country, and I saw that very early on. I saw it, really, a long time ago when I got to know him. He's a very different kind of a character. That's why -- you know who loves him: young people that are very smart and that love the country. He's got, like, a tremendous following, because that's what he's -- he's a good person.

Donald Trump: And he doesn't need this. He didn't need this, and he's doing this to help the country. If I didn't win this election, this country was -- I don't think it could have made it. I don't -- I mean, we're allowing criminals -- millions of criminals into our country, where everything is transgender, it's men playing in women's sports.

Donald Trump: I mean, none of this stuff -- you could go -- I could give you a hundred things. It's almost like they're trying to destroy the fabric of -- of the country, of the world, because the world was following us. Now the world is following us out of this pit. We've done a lot. I'll tell you what, in three weeks, we've done more -- I think we've done more -- in -- in terms of meaningful, not just dollars -- than maybe any president ever.

Donald Trump: And a lot of people are saying that.

Sean Hannity: Shock -- it's been shock and awe.

Donald Trump: I mean, if we can keep it going at this level, this country is going to be at a level that it's never seen before.

Sean Hannity: You know one of the things you did that I really thought was pretty clever and smart and fair, and that was reciprocal tariffs.

Donald Trump: Yeah, reciprocal.

Sean Hannity: Ta- -- I didn't know India charged so much. I didn't know the European Union to charge them.

Elon Musk: Yeah, totally.

Sean Hannity: I didn't know Canada was charging us.

Donald Trump: Everybody. Everybody. Everybody but us.

Sean Hannity: Brazil, why?

Donald Trump: And I was doing it -- you know, I charged China tariffs. I took in hundreds of billions of dollars, and I was doing that. But when we got -- we had the greatest economy in history. But then we got hit with COVID, and we had to solve that problem, because I was doing it -- and now I said, I want to come back and do the recipri- -- because every country in the world almost -- we have a deficit with almost every country -- not every one, but just about, pretty close.

Donald Trump: And -- but every country in the world takes advantage of us, and they do it with tariffs. They makes -- make it -- it's impossible for him to sell a car, practically, in, as an example, India. I don't know if that's true or not, but I think --

Elon Musk: The tariffs are like 100 percent import duty.

Donald Trump: The tariffs are so high --

Elon Musk: Yeah.

Donald Trump: -- they don't want to -- now, if he built the factory in India, that's okay, but that's unfair to us. It's very unfair. And I said, "You know what we do?" I told Prime Minister Modi yesterday -- he was here. I said, "Here's what you do. We're going to do -- be very fair with you." They charge the highest tariffs in the world, just about.

Sean Hannity: 36 percent?

Donald Trump: Oh, much -- much higher.

Elon Musk: It's 100 percent on -- auto imports are 100 percent.

Donald Trump: Yeah, that's peanuts. So, much higher. And -- and others too. I said, "Here's what we're going to do: reciprocal. Whatever you charge, I'm charging." He goes, "No, no, I don't like that." "No, no, whatever you charge, I'm going to charge." I'm doing that with every country.

Elon Musk: It seems fair.

Sean Hannity: Don't you --

Donald Trump: [Laughs] It does.

Elon Musk: It's -- it's like fair is fair.

Donald Trump: Nobody can argue with me. You know, the media can't argue -- I said -- they said, "Tariffs -- you're going to charge tariffs?" You know, if I said, like, 25 percent they'd say, "Oh, that's terrible." I don't say that anymore --

Sean Hannity: Can I -- [Inaudible] --

Donald Trump: -- because I say, "Whatever they charge, we'll charge." And you know what?

Sean Hannity: They stop.

Donald Trump: They -- then they say, "Oh, that sounds fair."

Elon Musk: All the president is saying is that --

Sean Hannity: [Inaudible]

Elon Musk: -- it needs to be at a level playing field and -- and fair and square.

Sean Hannity: Yeah. And how does -- how --

Donald Trump: And we're going to make a lot of money and a lot of businesses are going to come pouring in.

Elon Musk: How can you argue with a fair and square situation?

Sean Hannity: Don't -- don't you think most of them will look at the -- the -- for example, without America, China's economy will tank. They need our business.

Donald Trump: They do. Everybody needs us.

Sean Hannity: Everybody needs it.

Donald Trump: And you know what?

Sean Hannity: Do- -- don't you think they'll stop?

Donald Trump: We only have so long left where we're in this position. We're the bank, and the bank is getting smaller and smaller and smaller. We -- we're the bank. We got to do this now. We can't wait another 10 years and have a shell of a country left, because that's what was going to happen.

Sean Hannity: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: This country -- if I didn't win this election and have people like this man right here that really do care, because that's the other word -- if you don't care, you could be the smartest guy in the world, it's not going to matter. But if we didn't win this election, I'm telling you, we would not have had a country for very long.

Sean Hannity: How quickly --

Elon Musk: May I say --

Sean Hannity: -- do you balance the budget and -- and when do we start paying down that debt?

Donald Trump: Well, potentially, very quickly, between what he's doing and with income coming in from tariffs and other things. I mean, I hope we can -- I don't want to give a date, because then these people are going to say, "Oh, well, he didn't make the date." But I think we can do it very quickly. We would have never done it if this didn't happen.

Donald Trump: Never. It would have never been -- it would only get worse and worse, and ultimately, it would have exploded. This country was headed down a very bad track. And the whole DEI thing, that was -- that was a trap. That was a sick trap.

Sean Hannity: [Inaudible]

Elon Musk: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: And, you know, we've destroyed that. That's gone. That's pretty much gone.

Sean Hannity: I agree.

Elon Musk: [Inaudible] --

Sean Hannity: We're not -- we're not funding it.

Elon Musk: If -- I really want to -- I really want to emphasize to people that -- this is a very important point -- if we don't solve the deficit, there won't be money for medical care. There won't be money --

Donald Trump: Right.

Elon Musk: -- for Social Security. We either solve the deficit or all we'll be doing is paying debt.

Sean Hannity: Nobody --

Elon Musk: It's -- it's got to be solved, or there's no medical care, there's no Social Security, there's no nothing. That's got to be solved. It's not optional. America will go bankrupt if this is not done. That's why I'm here.

Sean Hannity: The president's --

Donald Trump: Europe takes advantage of us.

Elon Musk: And -- and I'd like to also just send a message -- like, because, as the president said, like, this -- there's a lot of rich people out there. They should be caring more about the country because -- the reason they should be caring about -- more about country is: America falls, what do you think is going to happen to your business?

Elon Musk: What do -- what do you think -- do you think you're be going to be okay if -- if the ship of America sinks? Of course not. Like, what -- what I'm doing here, what the president is doing is it's just long-term thinking. The ship of America must be strong. The ship of America cannot sink. If it sinks, we all sink with it.

Donald Trump: Sean, you're a --

Sean Hannity: This is what -- this is what drives you?

Elon Musk: Yes.

Sean Hannity: This is important. It says "tech support." So, you're not trying to be president, as the media suggests. You are really here because your heart and your passion is this. And the president described you as being -- this is the biggest thing you ever done. Now you trying to bring sight to --

Donald Trump: There could be nothing bigger. There's nothing --

Sean Hannity: You're sending ships up to Mars -- you know, spaceships up in the sky all the time --

Donald Trump: That's peanuts.

Sean Hannity: -- and saving astronauts. That's pretty big.

Donald Trump: That's peanuts compared to what we're talking about.

Sean Hannity: It's peanuts?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Sean Hannity: Do you agree with that?

Elon Musk: Well, it's esse- -- it's essential that America be healthy, that America's economy be strong. And -- and if that -- if -- basically, like, my concern is like, if -- if -- America is the central pillar holding up Western civilization. That pillar must be strong. If that pillar falls, the whole roof comes crashing down.

Donald Trump: Including his ships.

Elon Musk: There's no place to hide.

Donald Trump: Including his ships going up.

Elon Musk: There's no place to run.

Donald Trump: Nothing. There's nothing left.

Sean Hannity: Why -- why, if this is your goal, your motivation, you're losing money in the process, you're offeri- -- you do all these nice things for people for free; you're trying to solve, you know, blindness; you're going to rescue astronauts; you help the people in North Carolina, California; you're cutting money that was sent abroad that's not helping the American people, then why the rage --

Elon Musk: Actually, I think it was like --

Sean Hannity: But why this rage?

Elon Musk: -- it was not helping the American people and hurting people overseas, to be clear.

Sean Hannity: Why this rage against you now? First, they hated him. Now they hate both of you.

Elon Musk: Well, I think we're seeing an antibody reaction from -- from those who are receiving the -- the wasteful and fraudulent money.

Sean Hannity: They're being exposed.

Elon Musk: Yes.

Sean Hannity: Nobody wants to be exposed when you're corrupt.

Elon Musk: I'll -- I'll tell you a lesson I learned at PayPal. You know who complained the loudest -- the quickest and the loudest and with the most amount of righteous indignation? The fraudsters. That's who complained first, loudest, and -- and they would generally have this immense overreaction. That's how we knew there were the fraudsters.

Elon Musk: That's how we knew. There's a tell.

Sean Hannity: What di- -- I've never -- I've never met you before today.

Elon Musk: Yeah.

Sean Hannity: And it's nice to meet you, by the way. Thank -- thank you for doing this. You guys are really friends. I could s- -- you guys -- I could see you kicking up your shoes.

Donald Trump: Well, he doesn't do this kind of thing. And the way I figured that you'd get to know him is if I did it with him. I said, "Come on, let's do it together." He doesn't do this. I think he's smarter not doing it, overall. Because, you know, I mean, he's done very well without doing it. But he doesn't feel it's really worthwhile.

Donald Trump: He wants the product to speak for itself, or whatever he does speak for itself. But he views it as -- you know, does it matter? And I'm doing this with you today because I wanted to have people understand him. And I think it's very important -- I disagree with him. I think it's very important that they do understand him.

Donald Trump: He doesn't need this. He doesn't need it. Now, I happen to think it's made him very popular. I think it -- he's more popular now because there are so many people -- you know, you're talking about the radical left -- they have the lowest ratings. MSNBC is dying. CNN is dying. They're all dying. The New York Times is doing lousy.

Donald Trump: The Washington Post is doing horribly. They're all doing badly because people don't buy it anymore. But I think it was important that he do this one interview. You've been a very fair guy. I think you were the right guy to do it. If we could get some radical left guy -- and he'd do just as well, frankly, because it's all about common sense.

Sean Hannity: They would attack him --

Donald Trump: But this -- Sean --

Sean Hannity: -- as being unconstitutional, not -- a fascist.

Donald Trump: -- to me this was a -- it was important for people to understand, he's doing a big job. He's doing a very thankless job. He's doing a thankless job, but he's helping us to save our country. Our country was in serious trouble, and I had to get the best guy, somebody with credibility, because if he were just a regular, good -- very good, solid businessman, he wouldn't have the credibility.

Donald Trump: He's got the best credibility for this. And people also know he's an honest guy. He's an honest guy. He's just a very, very smart guy who's done amazing things. And this will be the biggest thing he's ever done, because, you know, his companies are all great. But if this country goes bad -- I guess where he is a little selfish is this.

Donald Trump: He knows one thing and probably doesn't think -- but if his -- if this country goes bad, his stuff is not going to be worth very much, I can tell you.

Elon Musk: Well, I'd say, if the -- if the ship of America sinks, we're all go- -- going down with it. You know, this idea that people can escape to New Zealand or some other place is false. If the central pillar of Western civilization that is America falls, the whole roof comes crashing down and there is no escape.

Sean Hannity: It's amazing, since you've been elected, to watch Canada, Mexico, Venezuela, Colombia -- I -- I was shocked at the statements that Vladimir Putin made about you. I -- I was shocked at the hostage release. I was shocked that Venezuela had done it -- had done it. Zelenskyy wants a deal. Putin wants a deal.

Donald Trump: All good statements.

Sean Hannity: King Abdullah was interested.

Donald Trump: You mean by that all good statements. Look, they respect the president of this country. They respect -- they did not respect the last president. They laughed at him, and they laughed at our country, and he's done great damage to our country.

Sean Hannity: Have foreign leaders told you what they thought of Biden?

Donald Trump: Yeah, they have, but I'd rather not say. They -- they have. It's not -- it -- look --

Sean Hannity: It's the obvious.

Donald Trump: He was not George Washington, let's put it that way.

Elon Musk: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Not the greatest.

Sean Hannity: Sorry, if that's [Inaudible].

Donald Trump: He's done a tremendous disservice.

Sean Hannity: Will you be here --

Donald Trump: And, by the way, the Democrats have done a great disservice, and they ought to get their act together and use a little judgment, and they ought to work with us on straightening out this mess that --

Sean Hannity: Who? John Fetterman?

Donald Trump: -- a lot of people have --

Sean Hannity: Maybe? Who -- what Democrat is not radicalized?

Donald Trump: Actually, you mention John.

Sean Hannity: John Fetterman.

Donald Trump: He's become the best voice in the Democrat party. You know, I had lunch with him, and I thought he was terrific, but he's a much different man than he was before he had this difficulty. He used to be radical left, and I think he became much smarter, actually. He's really -- he's really a voice of reason.

Donald Trump: But the Democrats have to get together. They have to get their act together, because the stuff they -- they talk about makes no sense. It makes -- none whatsoever. And they must know it. They must know.

Elon Musk: Yeah. I mean, like, the country has spoken very clearly and rejected the core tenets of the Demo- -- Democratic Party. The country voted t- -- fo- -- I mean, the country made the -- America has made its vote clear. The president won the popular vote decisively. The Republicans won the House. Repub- -- Republicans won the Senate.

Elon Musk: What more do you need? The Democratic Party needs to take a hard look in the mirror and -- and change their ways.

Sean Hannity: I think they went from shock, denial, into the depression stage of grief, and now they're in the rage stage, where I anticipate they'll stay for four years, and if they get the chance, they'll want to impeach him 10 times. Do you anticipate you'll be here in four years? My last question.

Elon Musk: I'll -- I'll be as helpful as long as I can be helpful.

Donald Trump: That's a good question. I mean, I was thinking about that just now. I said, "I wonder how long he's going to be doing it." You can't get somebody like this. He cares, and he's brilliant, and he's got energy. You need energy, also, in addition to those other things. You know, I have a lot of guys that are very smart, but they have no energy.

Donald Trump: They want to sleep all day long. You need a lot of energy. He's got a lot of energy. He's doing a great job. If there's any conflict, he -- he will stop it. But if he didn't, I'd stop it. I'd see if there's a conflict. I mean, we're talking about big stuff. But he's under a pretty big microscope.

Elon Musk: Yeah, seriously.

Donald Trump: I mean, everybody is watching him. If there's a conflict, you're going to be reading about it within about two minutes after the conflict.

Elon Musk: Exactly. There -- there's -- the possibility of me getting away with something is 0 percent -- 0.0. I -- I'm scrutinized to a ridiculous degree. And -- and the other thing is that we -- you know, what -- what's -- you know what's better than saying "trust -- trust me" is just full transparency. So, what we're doing with -- with the DOGE -- DOGE dot -- just go to DOGE.gov.

Elon Musk: You can see every single action that's being taken. And now and I want to be clear, we are going to make some mistakes. We're not going to be perfect. Nobody bats a thousand. But we're going to fix the mistakes very quickly. That's what matters: not that you don't make mistakes, but that you fix the mistakes very fast.

Donald Trump: And you're going to ask the other side, when they talk about, "This is a constitutional crisis," you got to a- -- what are they paying for? Where are those tax -- because when you read off the list of things, it's a big con job. See, when they talk Constitution --

Elon Musk: Totally.

Donald Trump: -- it's a total con job.

Elon Musk: Yes.

Donald Trump: They never talk -- and I watch some of the shows --

Elon Musk: It's specifics -- they avoid specifics.

Donald Trump: Yeah, when you start talking about how did -- how come they spent money on transgender here and transgender there --

Elon Musk: Yeah, totally.

Donald Trump: -- and all the stuff in some country that nobody ever heard of, they don't want to talk about it. They just talk about, "This is a constitutional crisis."

Sean Hannity: It shocks the conscious.

Donald Trump: The money is being squandered purposely -- tremendous theft, tremendous kickbacks, everything -- and we're straightening it out. And thank goodness. I look up, and I say, "Thank you," because I think if it went on for four more years, it would not be salvageable. You wouldn't be able --

Elon Musk: Absolutely.

Donald Trump: You wouldn't be able to save it.

Sean Hannity: You believe, too, that when you were in Butler, came within a millimeter being assassinated --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Sean Hannity: The day you endorsed him, that was that day.

Elon Musk: Yes.

Sean Hannity: But you had been planning on it?

Elon Musk: Yeah.

Sean Hannity: Pretty -- I think everybody will never forget that iconic blood on your face. "Fight, fight, fight." I actually was afra- -- watching it and thought you might drop again. You know, I didn't know if it had hit you. You can sometimes get up and then the blood starts to accumulate. It was scary -- pretty scary.

Elon Musk: Well, I mean, th- -- this is how you know someone's true character, because everyone can say they're brave, but the president was actually shot. Okay? Courage under fire. "Fight, fight, fight," blood streaming down the face. That's true courage. You can't fake that.

Sean Hannity: Yeah. Thank you both. Mr. President, thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Sean Hannity: Appreciate it. Elon, thank you for your time. Really nice to meet you.