Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-mark-levin-radio-show-february-10-2025

Mark Levin: It's always an honor to welcome to these airwaves, President Donald Trump. President Donald Trump, I want to thank you for everything you're doing, and you're doing a hell of a lot. And first, this lawfare, they wanted to keep you out of the presidency. And now, they want to -- they want to sabotage and undermine and kill your agenda.

Mark Levin: I see they're cherry-picking these federal judges and these liberal cities. Birthright citizenship, no. Free certain limited aspects of federal funding, no. Buyouts for federal workers, we're going to put that on, take a look at that. Transgender prisoners men should be with men, well, we got to look at that.

Mark Levin: The access to Treasury data, to do what? To conduct an audit effectively. Well, we don't know about that. The Democrat attorneys general, they've got their Obama Biden, even some Reagan, one Trump judge. But we know how that works out. Sometimes you got to cut a deal to get these judges. And is the judiciary now taking over the executive branch, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Well, you got some very bad rulings, and it's a shame to see it, frankly. They want to sort of tell everybody how to run the country when they say that certain people in charge of massive agencies or people doing very, very -- important people, smart people doing investigations of fraud. And they don't talk about what you're looking at. All they say is, "Oh, it's unconstitutional." But when you look at what's been found, the fraud and the waste and the abuse -- but the fraud, outright fraud at, you know, so many different places.

Donald Trump: Where do you see what's -- what's going to come up? What's going to come up is -- is unthinkable? And you can say it with great knowledge and with great, you know, great flavor. If you want to say it, you can say it with great flavor because it's going to be dramatic. And it's a shame what's happening, Mark.

Donald Trump: It's really a shame, but judges should be ruling. They shouldn't be dictating what you're supposed to be doing. And why is somebody saying that you're not allowed to. As an example, USAID, you take a look at it, and -- and you look at the kind of things that we found, just point after point. Normally, you'd find one out of 100 bad.

Donald Trump: Now, you find one out of 100 good. It's just absolutely crazy. But we're making tremendous progress, I will tell you. The country is making tremendous progress. There's a light over our country right now

Mark Levin: One hundred percent. And in fact, I'm looking at this latest poll, and it's CBS, it's not a friend. I mean -- and they're saying 53 percent of the people approve of what you're doing, and 70 percent say he's doing what he promised to do. And isn't that what's driving Washington, the Democrats, the media, and these judges nuts?

Mark Levin: That is, you're literally doing what you said you would do, the people voted for you to do what you're doing. And the unelected parts now of our government, the bureaucracy and the judges, are trying to prevent it.

Donald Trump: So, if I didn't do what I said I was going to do, we're not going to have a country very long because the country was in serious problem. I mean, we've made such a comeback. It's been amazing, but the country just is in serious -- serious problem. You look at $36 trillion in debt. If we're not going around looking for fraud, waste, abuse, and everything else, you're not going to have a country.

Donald Trump: So, we're doing a job. People are shocked by what's been found. And, Mark, I'm telling you, it's peanuts compared to what is going to be announced.

Mark Levin: Isn't it amazing, Mr. President? So, they attack Elon Musk. Look, I met him once. I don't know him. He seems OK. But he's -- but he's doing all this voluntarily. He's trying to help the country.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Mark Levin: He's trying to help you. So, now he's -- he's public enemy No. 2. You're always public enemy No. 1. People who work for them, they're trying to destroy. So, anybody who dares to stand up to this massive leviathan, this like big bowl of jelly, isn't that what they do? They just try and attack them. They can't even defend what this government's doing.

Donald Trump: Well, I see where they're trying to Donald Trump-proof places like New York and California. I mean, New York, the corruption in the court system is -- is unthinkable. What they've done in the court system to people and, in particular, to me and to others is just --can't be allowed to go on. And, you know, you want to help places, and you want to help the big cities and the inner cities and these states that, in cases, are horribly, horribly run.

Donald Trump: But it really makes it difficult to want to help, I will tell you. It makes it difficult when you're a victim of -- of massive frauds, whether it's the courts or whether it's the bad prosecutors like Alvin Bragg and Letitia James, who's totally corrupt. Both of them, they ran on "I will get Trump." They knew nothing about me. They just knew "I would get Trump." And when you see that and then you see people fleeing the city, fleeing New York -- and they're going because of incompetence corruption and many other reasons.

Donald Trump: You know, the reasons companies leave and people leave and jobs leave. And it's really sad to see, very sad to see.

Mark Levin: And yet, despite all this, look at it, I mean, I'm saying I've never seen anything like this in three weeks. You're locking down the borders. People don't -- aren't even trying to break in, or the very small numbers are. You're -- you're moving the -- the worst of the worst out. And I mean it's really having an effect.

Mark Levin: When I walk around, Mr. President, I go to diners here and there, or like you, I go to McDonald's or whatever --

Donald Trump: Right.

Mark Levin: The fact of the matter is, people -- there's an extra -- you know, there's a pep in their step. There's a smile on their face.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Mark Levin: They're very excited about what's taking place. Obviously, you must see this, too.

Donald Trump: Well, I hear from people from all over the world. I hear from leaders of countries that aren't even that friendly to us, and they say there's a light over the country, that -- and a light over the world, not just our country. They feel better, they feel safer. And these are countries that are, you know, pretty tough competitors.

Donald Trump: And they feel differently. I can tell you the people in the US, they feel so relieved. We had grossly incompetent and corrupt people running our country, grossly. They were incompetent, and they were corrupt. That's a deadly combination. And we've done a real job in two and a half weeks with being credited.

Donald Trump: Some are saying the best two and a half weeks ever done for the start of a presidency. And that's good. I'm very happy about that.

Mark Levin: Would you have ever dreamt that the taxpayers were subsidizing media organizations to the tune of tens of millions of dollars? I mean --

Donald Trump: Unbelievable. It's unbelievable, Mark.

Mark Levin: Doesn't that explain -- yeah, doesn't that explain a lot about the media in this country?

Donald Trump: Yeah, well, when you say media, the radical left media, you know, left.

Mark Levin: Yeah, yeah.

Donald Trump: I read about Politico, and I read about others, and they're all left, way left. And you never get -- you know, you win an election -- it's an amazing thing. It's an amazing phenomena. You win an election in a landslide, and yet, you virtually, all year long, didn't get a good story. Think of it. Which really tells you the public is very smart.

Donald Trump: But the money that goes to the media, and they call it, I guess, you purchase a paper and -- you know, they purchased a hell of a lot of papers for the money they spent. But it's corrupt, you know that. And I'm sure it's an election violation, and we'll have to see what happens. But that's a massive campaign violation because, basically, they're there to serve the Democrat Party.

Donald Trump: That's all they do, serve the Democrat Party. They're corrupt people, and it's a corrupt -- it's a -- it's a -- it's become a very corrupt system because of it. And people lose confidence. But it really gets other people. If you happen to be on the other side -- for instance, we just passed a no men in women's sports.

Donald Trump: We're not going to let men beat women up. You have to see boxing matches, it's horrible to watch. We're not going to let this happen. That's just -- little things like a straw. People don't want paper straws, and we just ruled that out. You don't have to have paper straws that explode on you, half the time ruin your clothing.

Donald Trump: I mean, they literally show pictures of these things. They're not meant -- they're not meant to be -- paper is not meant to be used for a straw. And so, even a little thing like that was trending No. 1. You know, it's like -- because it's -- I think it's a 95 percent --

Mark Levin: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Issue, probably 95. Men in women sports is a -- I mean, the numbers on that are just through the roof. And they stick with it. I watched on television the other night, it was very interesting, where a Democrat -- a prominent Democrat, I won't mention the name, but a prominent Democrat is trying to justify men being in women's sport.

Donald Trump: Now, as long as they do that, they're never going to win a race because I said -- or open borders. Who would want open borders? Who wants to have people from all over the world pouring into our country? And I'm happy to say, we have the tightest borders we've ever had right this moment.

Mark Levin: Do you see -- your second time around here, do you see things a little differently? Do you see -- do you feel like you're able now to really grab this by the throat, by the neck because --

Donald Trump: Much different.

Mark Levin: Because of your past experience?

Donald Trump: Much different. Number one, I know a lot of people. I didn't know anybody. I wasn't in the -- the world of Washington, DC. But the radical left, they've really lost their confidence. It was a bad election defeat. They lost everything and -- presidentially. And they've lost their confidence. They've lost the strut.

Donald Trump: You know, they were -- they had a bunch of real bad, very bad people, very, very bad people. I actually think they're sick people, you want to know the truth and what they've done. But they've lost a lot of confidence, and they seem to be different. Plus, I have much greater support than I have had. And, you know, I won the popular vote by millions of votes.

Donald Trump: I won the -- all seven swing states. You remember you and I talked, and it looked like I was going to win, do well.

Mark Levin: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But nobody -- you just don't win all seven. I won all seven and won them easily, won states that generally aren't won by Republicans, won them by a lot. So, we have a big mandate. And it's really -- I don't know why they should be surprised, but they -- they seem to be really -- I mean, they -- they are taking it hard.

Donald Trump: You know, they go out and they pay Beyonce, as an example. Somebody just showed me something. They gave her $11 million.

Mark Levin: For what?

Donald Trump: An endorsement, I guess, because she didn't sing. They paid Oprah $2 million. They even paid a scam artist named Al Sharpton, total scam artist.

Mark Levin: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Tawana Brawley, you know, you and I grew up with this --

Mark Levin: Oh, yeah.

Donald Trump: Lunatic. And he's scamming them. You know, Brian Roberts at Comcast, what he's allowed to happen to that company, it's got to -- he ought to be ashamed. It's a big campaign contribution. How he hired Al Sharpton is a classic, OK? It's a classic. When you watch the guy, he can't even speak. And, you know, it's all a scam.

Donald Trump: But the good news is the public understands it. The public has gotten wise to it. They've seen it. And -- but how do you pay Beyonce 11 million?

Mark Levin: I don't know.

Donald Trump: And then, you know, they ran out of -- no, they also ran out of money, they have no money. They spent $2.7 billion, and they can't raise --

Mark Levin: That's what liberals do.

Donald Trump: The final $28 million that they've been looking for, for a long time.

Mark Levin: They raised a ton of money, and they're still in debt. That's what they do.

Donald Trump: Yep.

Mark Levin: Let me ask you two more questions because I know you're busy, and I don't want to stop you from doing great things. How'd you enjoy the Super Bowl? You know, I'm from Philadelphia, so I enjoyed it. But, you know, I think 90 percent of the country after the half said, you know, "That's enough already."

Donald Trump: Well, I think the worst moment was probably endured by Taylor Swift, who got practically booed out of the stadium. And by the way, they were really nice to me, if you saw that, but --

Mark Levin: I did.

Donald Trump: It was very nice.

Mark Levin: Three seconds, they showed you.

Donald Trump: Yeah, three seconds. It was -- it was not a long -- it's sort of interesting. They put it on for three seconds, you're right, and the place went crazy.

Mark Levin: Yep.

Donald Trump: They got me off as fast as they could. I don't know if that's Fox or the NFL or who it is. I really don't know, but it was sort of interesting. I didn't care. I don't care. If I did care, I'd end up being a basket case. But it was -- people commented. In fact, when the crowd -- because, you know, it takes a little while to look up at the screen, right?

Donald Trump: By the time they looked, it was gone, but the place still went wild. So, it was pretty good. But she got -- she got really hit and because they don't like it. The other thing I hated watching was the kickoff where you have --

Mark Levin: It's weird.

Donald Trump: People -- the ball is in play, and you have two teams frozen in place, and it is the weirdest looking thing. I think it's so bad for that game. They want to reinvent the game. And I think it's more dangerous than the other way, frankly. They do it -- because they think they're going to help with concussions.

Donald Trump: That's not -- that's not going to help anything. But it really looks horrible. I thought it was terrible. And the game, obviously, it was not -- not a well-played game by the one team. I will say this. The -- the Eagles were really just like -- it was like flawless football. Amazing. Even the first play, they called it back.

Donald Trump: It was a long pass. It was, you know, either a touchdown or going to be a touchdown, and they called it back, the completed long pass. And they went on to get touchdown after touchdown. They really played great.

Mark Levin: I guess, my last question is the Democrats are already saying they're threatening to shut down the government. Is it important to get in front of that and make it clear to the American people? If the government shut down, it's these people. They want to shut down the government. They want to do these things because that's what they're plotting.

Donald Trump: Yeah, they're plotting a lot of things. And, so far, it's gotten them nothing. And they went -- they impeached me, they indicted me, they did everything you can do. They're just corrupt people. And you have to handle it as it comes. The -- the good news is the American public is smart, and they understand it. They get it 100 percent.

Donald Trump: And these people are not the same people they were. They're -- they're trying -- they're fighting so hard, but it's not sticking. Nothing's sticking with them, and we're going to keep it that way, Mark.

Mark Levin: Well, Mr. President, the country is excited. Forget about Washington. People are excited, you know, in the neighborhoods and the communities and the cities, suburbs, and the rural areas. They just are. They're thrilled that you won the election. They -- they wanted you to be the president. You're being the president.

Mark Levin: So, all these lilliputians, no matter what they do, the fact of the matter is, I just want you to know that we wake up every day, and we're very, very excited about what's taking place in this country. So, I want you to hear that, too. And we do appreciate you.

Donald Trump: Oh, that's great. I appreciate it. I see it, and I feel it. And I'm looking at numbers where I see it, too. You know, it's more than just look or feel. But we're going to -- we're going to have a rich and great country again. We're doing things that nobody else would do, and that had to be done. And, you know, we did great in 2016. We did much better by 10 or 12 million votes the second time.

Donald Trump: And terrible things happened, terrible, terrible things a disgrace. But I'll tell you what, what's happened this time is -- is much bigger. It's actually -- makes it a more, more important time. And I think you're going to see some things you're going to be very happy about. The American public is going to be very happy with the end result.

Donald Trump: And we're going to -- we're going to really do a job.

Mark Levin: Thank you, Mr. President, we appreciate your time. We know how busy you are. God bless you.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Mark.

Mark Levin: Take --

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, Mark.

Mark Levin: Take care. You got it.

Donald Trump: Bye.