Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-alexis-mcadams-fox-news-pittsburgh-july-15-2025

Note: [Alexis McAdams interviews Donald Trump after the Pennsylvania Energy and Innovation Summit held at Carnegie Mellon University. Video courtesy and copyright Fox News. Source: https://cqrc.al/fox-news-20250715]

Alexis McAdams: Okay, so thanks for talking to us. A huge investment here in Pennsylvania. What does that mean for people, uh, who are listening to this that don't know tons about artificial intelligence?

Donald Trump: Well, really, it's a golden age of America. These are the biggest investors you saw, 20 billion, 15 billion. Uh, these guys throwing around a lot of money, but they're the biggest in the world. And they came to Pittsburgh and, uh, they're investing because of -- I guess because of the election and because of the policy.

Donald Trump: The policy is very strong. And, uh, I think we did over $95 billion worth of investments today. And, uh, Pennsylvania's never seen anything even remotely close.

Alexis McAdams: That's right. When you talk about all that money coming in, do you think there needs to be some oversight? Do you think that they, Congress, needs to look at, you know, keeping tabs on some of that?

Donald Trump: Well, it's a little different than stock and bonds and all of that. It's just money pouring in. They've gotta build factories. They've gotta build, uh, all sorts of equipment. And a lot of this money is AI money. It's coming in, artificial intelligence. And, uh, you and I will discuss it in about five years from now how good was this, you told me. But it's, uh, it's very exciting.

Donald Trump: And we're ahead of China. We're leading China actually by a lot. And we're producing energy very fast. It needs tremendous energy. We need double the electric power that we have in a whole nation right now just for this one industry, if you can believe it. And we're easily able to meet that demand. Pretty amazing.

Alexis McAdams: And Pennsylvania has so many natural resources --

Donald Trump: Right.

Alexis McAdams: -- right here. So instead of moving it in from other places, would that cut energy cost to kind of --

Donald Trump: It's great.

Alexis McAdams: -- do it here?

Donald Trump: And it, it even cuts pipelines. I mean, there's some of 'em are building it right over the site where you have gas and you have gasoline. You have all sorts of -- all forms of energy in every, every, virtually every different form. So they're building it right here in Pennsylvania, and they're building it right next to the source.

Donald Trump: And it's very exciting. And, you know, these are really the smartest people, the, the biggest financial people in the world. We're in that room today. In fact, I was gonna make a speech and leave. When I looked at all the people, the people that I know very well, I said, "You know, I think I'll stick around.

Donald Trump: I'll learn something."

Alexis McAdams: That's great. Another person that was meeting with business leaders today was Zohran Mamdani. I know you talk a lot about him. People didn't really know who he was not too long ago. His name's out there a lot. He kind of was able to make something happen in New York. He's gonna meet with AOCs coming to Washington, DC. Is that the future of the Democratic Party there?

Donald Trump: I, I tend to doubt it, but, you know, I think he's got a somewhat slightly, uh, different viewpoint on business and life than I do. I think you have two of the very great opposites. Uh, I, I have to wish him well. It's sort of lightning in a bottle. Let's see what happens. He does have a race, you know. He's got a few people running.

Donald Trump: I think this. If the three people would combine into one, they would easily win. I don't know if they're smart enough to do that, but, uh, if you break up the vote, you know, it's gonna be, I think, virtually impossible. But if you, uh, had one candidate, if one of the three, you know, I won't say who.

Alexis McAdams: Mm-hmm.

Donald Trump: But I have a specific person, but I won't say it because I'm a nice Republican and, uh, I'm very much for the party. But it's New York. But I think this. If the three people got together and picked one, uh, you'd have a very good race.

Alexis McAdams: But you know New York better than anybody. You know, you grew up in the area. You know all these big business leaders. What would happen? You think people would say, "I'm outta New York City," you, you know?

Donald Trump: Well, I think he's stay for a little while, but if he's really serious about doing it, you know, like taking over the John Catsimatidis shopping centers and, uh, places, and we're gonna operate them with the public, you know, like, this has been tried throughout history. It's never worked once and it's not gonna work here either.

Donald Trump: So it's very dangerous. It's actually very dangerous. The good news, I can control it from Washington because we're the ones that issue the money. And if we see somebody's destroying the city, we're not gonna let that happen.

Alexis McAdams: I know before you left, you were talking a little bit about Russia and Ukraine, and you mentioned if Zelensky ever tried to use a long-range missile to go into Moscow, you know, you, you don't want that to happen.

Donald Trump: No, I don't want that.

Alexis McAdams: What would you do? I mean, would you sanction?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't even want to talk about it, but we were not gonna let that happen. That's not gonna take place. But we are able to get, uh, Europe now, the European nations are, are spending all of their money. We're not spending any money. Well, we're actually making everything for them, and they pay us for it. Uh, as opposed to Biden.

Donald Trump: Well, he just gave 'em billions and billions of dollars. Nobody knows where it went, but, uh, we're, uh, we're giving them -- we're giving to the European nations a lot of different weapons. They then pay us back immediately, immediately. You know, they're very wealthy now because, uh, they'll -- They're pretty wealthy.

Donald Trump: You know, you talking about France and Germany and Spain and a lot of big -- a lot of big countries, a lot of big strong countries. But by themselves, they're not like Russia as a group. They're very, very strong, but they're paying us for the weapons. So a hundred percent so we won't be in that foolish position.

Donald Trump: It's a war that should have never, ever started. And if the election weren't rigged and stolen, it wouldn't have started.

Alexis McAdams: I know Putin is coming. I mean, he calls you. He talks to you pretty openly. Seems like he listens to you.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Alexis McAdams: Do you think he's gonna listen to you at this time?

Donald Trump: I, I don't know. We're gonna see. I mean, look, I'm just -- Uh, we've had great conversations and I thought, well, that was good. It looks like we're very close to peace. You know, I've made peace in so many different places. So one place I have to do now is with the Russia and Russia-Ukraine. So we're gonna find out, uh, India-Pakistan was ready to go at it. We stopped that one.

Donald Trump: We stopped, uh, the Congo, as you know, and Rwanda. They were in a 30-year war. Six, seven million people killed with machetes and very bad Serbia-Kosovo. We stopped a lot of 'em. In a period of a few months, we stopped at least four, maybe even five. Uh, but now I have to do the thing with Russia. A lot of people are being killed.

Donald Trump: A lot of soldiers. We have five or six -- If you think about it, five or six million, five or six million people they think could be the real number for, for the death. And nobody's reporting that. Uh, we have, uh, let's see. Last week they had, uh, 7,000. Think of that, 7,000 soldiers were killed last week, uh, largely soldiers, but also, you know, they're bombing some of the cities and people are dying in those cities.

Donald Trump: It should be stopped. It, it's a senseless, horrible war that should be stopped and it's a war that should have never been allowed to start. We could have stopped it with the right President.

Alexis McAdams: Yeah. Um, I know you talked to Helen Comperatore, um. She read us your letter the other day that you sent her, um, and she said your families are gonna be connected forever after what happened a year ago in Butler. I remember hearing the shots, seeing you go down, and people weren't sure if you were gonna come back up. They were praying for you that day.

Donald Trump: I wasn't sure either actually.

Alexis McAdams: Yeah. I mean -- [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: [Inaudible]

Alexis McAdams: -- hear it all over the news again.

Donald Trump: It was a lot of blood. [Laughs]

Alexis McAdams: [Inaudible] till that minute, but, um, when yo- -- when you hear the widow of Corey Comperatore talking --

Donald Trump: Yeah. She's great.

Alexis McAdams: You talk to her all the time. I mean, what can you tell her about that push for answers? I know you want answers too.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Alexis McAdams: I mean, what can you tell people about her?

Donald Trump: Well, uh, sh- -- she's a fantastic person with the, the family, the daughters --

Alexis McAdams: Yeah.

Donald Trump: -- and, uh, dealing with a husband who died protecting them.

Alexis McAdams: Yeah.

Donald Trump: He jumped on top of them. He took a bullet and, uh, he took a bullet, a bad one, a real bad one. And, uh, he was, uh, he was a great guy. I mean, I've learned a lot about him and it's an incredible family. She -- Yeah, she wants answers. She loved her husband. You can see that. And she wants, uh -- She wants answers.

Donald Trump: And I'm gonna have the FBI go and visit them and give them what they have and it's, uh, it's a sad situation. Everybody knows there should have been somebody on that roof. That's obvious. And, and frankly, the two were the various law enforcement agencies should have been connected so that they hear each other, what's happening, because one sort of knew and the other one didn't. I will say though, the, uh, marksman that we had on, on in Secret Service --

Alexis McAdams: Mm-hmm.

Donald Trump: -- he did, in just slightly more than four seconds, he ended it from a long distance with a tree almost in the way. I mean, there was a tree that was sort of in the way. He saw it, obviously young, strong eyes like yours. He had l- -- very strong eyes, and he was able to spot it, you know, from a, from -- I guess he saw the smoke.

Donald Trump: He saw the fire. And within, oh, just a little more than four seconds, it was one bullet, one shot, and it was over. And we had, you know, tens of thousands of people there. You would have had -- That could have been another -- You know, the Las Vegas thing which was so tragic, where so many people died, if he didn't do that.

Donald Trump: So, well he, he acted fast and well. But, uh, that's a great family that you had mentioned, and we'll, we'll always be in touch. And she wants an answer, and I think we'll get the FBI to go and speak to them and give them whatever they have.

Alexis McAdams: Last thing, just real quick. I know, um, you were talking about Adam Schiff.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Alexis McAdams: You were talking about- --

Donald Trump: Shifty sh- -- Shifty Adam Schiff.

Alexis McAdams: -- [Inaudible] um, and you're gonna bring him to justice. I guess, what does that look like for you, and why do you think he's a scam artist?

Donald Trump: Well, it's not really up to me. That will be up to the Attorney General or people maybe in his state or whatever. But he's a scammer. He's a bad guy. He's a sick person, in my opinion, and he brought so much harm. You know, h- -- he was made up so many different things, so made up stuff, and he went after my sons.

Donald Trump: He went after anybody, well, me too. I, I care less about me than I care about my sons.

Alexis McAdams: Just get used to it, huh?

Donald Trump: But he's a disgusting human being and now he's a senator, and, uh, Shifty Adam Schiff. He's a bad guy. But I have no idea what he did. I haven't seen too many of the stories, but I hear there's some stuff that he did bad. If he did bad, he'll have to, uh, serve justice.

Alexis McAdams: All right. Thank you very much for your time.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.