A couple times. I think the president -- I hit the ball pretty well, but I'm a -- I have a pretty high handicap. And when the president asked me how high my handicap was, he said, "Well, you got a beautiful swing, so you must have a terrible short game," which is true. It is accurate.

That's right, that's right. I don't know if I'm good enough to play that much with you. About once a year is probably all I can take.

He plays fast. He's like a -- what are you a scratch golfer?

Yeah.

Yeah.

You know, just she kept on getting back on the horse. I know a lot of families struggle with addiction. I think my message is there is hope on the other side of addiction. You just have to keep on at it. And she's getting close to 10 years clean and sober. But the president's point about this, if the poison that is coming across the border now had been coming across 20 years ago, I don't think that my mom would be here.

And she's a great grandma to our three grandkids, and it's so just good to see her happy and healthy. A lot of families --

Thank you, sir. I appreciate that.

She was so excited to be sitting next to you and you were very kind to her, and I appreciate that. But a lot of families don't get that chance at a second chance because of that poison that Biden's letting into the country right now. It's funny that people accuse us of being bombastic for saying the cartels, we need to go after them.

What about American citizens who are losing their lives by the tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands, because we won't do something serious about the cartels? That's what's reckless. It's not actually doing something to stop them. I actually believe, Jesse, that the Mexican government, even though they couldn't say that, they want President Trump to be serious about the cartels because that poison is destabilizing their country, too, $14 billion coming into the cartels.

And that was a couple of years ago. It's probably more today. They're not going to be a real country anymore. They're going to become a narco state unless we get some control over this.

We're getting close to it.

Yup.

The media will attack us for doing what we actually promised to do, which is get a lot of the violent criminals and the people who shouldn't be here out of here. But one, that's why leadership actually matters, I think President Trump showed during his first four years, he wasn't willing to take on the lying media when he had to, and the country was better off for it.

But you just start with the worst people, right? But before you get into what you can't do, I don't understand why our entire governing class doesn't ask, "Well, what's the part you actually have to do? Why don't we start there and then figure it out from there?" Right? Walk before you can run. Pretty common sense.

That's how it works in business, certainly, I think how it should work in government.

Exactly right.

That's right.

That's right.

Woke, no.

Yeah.

Well, like the president said, Jesse, the best way to stop a war is to prevent a war. And one of the really interesting things is -- you know, I always talk about how the world actually respected President Trump. And all these crazies and the media say no. That's not -- that's not true. I sit in classified briefings of the United States Senate without revealing state secrets.

People were terrified that if they got too out of line that President Trump would actually hit back and hit back hard. That's the way you establish deterrence, OK? Now, we've already got a war. You've got to be willing to engage in diplomacy and do the things that need to be done. And I think President Trump did that better than anybody.

So, it really just requires leadership. And people -- I think a lot of Americans who aren't maybe decided are saying, "Well, how do we get from four years of President Trump, where we had a relative calm and stability all over the world. And now, it's like every now has a new conflict?" And the answer is you went from a guy who knew what he was doing to Joe Biden.

And whether it's Joe Biden or somebody else, it's going to be the same policies, the same staff, the same diplomats. We need to completely change course and change direction that requires us to elect President Trump.

Still in there. It should be a scandal. It should be the biggest scandal in the country. We have Americans, not Israelis. Of course, we want to get the Israelis. American citizens being held by terrorists. the president seems not to care about it.

Absolutely.

Yeah.

Yeah.

The president talks about jobs all the time, the effect of jobs. If you go to 100 percent electric cars, everybody that's making carburetors, transmissions --

Traditional gas-powered cars are going to be out of the job. If you go to 100 percent electric, Pennsylvania, Michigan become economic wastelands, especially Michigan. Again, another reason it's important to elect President Trump. Drill, baby, drill, right? Drill baby, drill, right? It's such a simple line, but it's true.

Like you said, we have basically unlimited energy resources. We just have to allow our own people to get it out of the ground.

I will say that my all time favorite music video is November Rain by Guns N' Roses. The first time I ever played -- I ever sat on his airplane, he played November Rain by Guns N' Roses.

So, it was meant to be at least a little bit.

James David.

Thank you.