Very impressive people.

Well, he asked to speak to my wife, actually, which I was very appreciative of and so was she. But she was just kinda flabbergasted. I think that going into it we had no idea really what was going on, uh, whether he would pick me or Marco Rubio, great guy, Doug Berman, great guy, and a lot of other good people.

But, you know, when, when the president, uh, called me, I don't know if you remember this, sir, but my kid was talking in the background about Pokemon cards. And I'm, like, "Oh, for the love of God." Seven -- year -- old kid for -- "If you've ever been quiet, be quiet now."  And the president's, like, "Put him on speakerphone." And so he, you read off the truth, uh, that was at the actual announcement that he was nominating me to be vice -- president, and he says, "What do you think about that?" And my son goes, "Oh, it's good.

It's good."

That's, that's the endorsement that mattered, actually, was from my seven -- year -- old. But it's, it's been a wild ride and we're having a good time and we've gonna win. That's the most important thing.

Mm -- hmm. That's right.

Was actually playing mini -- golf with my kids hoping that he would call me and offer the vice -- presidential slot. And, uh, you know, it happened and I, I told my kids, I said, "We gotta get outta here. The, the president's been shot." And of course we didn't know if the president was okay or not at that point,  and my son said, uh, "Daddy, is it the president who's your friend or the president you don't like?"

I said, and I said, uh, "It's the president who's my friend." And he said, "Okay, I'm sorry about that." And it was very sweet moment. And I think we're all just so grateful, uh, the president was okay.

I have not, no. Um, I won't. Though I do find it hysterical, Jesse, you have these people who are, like, "Why is the president wearing an ear bandage?" He got shot in the ear. And these are the same people who are wearing masks, right, five years after COVID. So it's pretty ridiculous.

Mm -- hmm.

Yeah.

And so these, the, the media always slanders these crowds as, you know, MAGA extremists. And of course they slander the president too. And it really is I think a testament to the movement how calmly people responded to it. That's the definitely the thing --

-- I took away most from it.

Absolutely.

I don't trust the bureau leadership but I certainly think there're lotta good field agents, guys on the grounds who have the country's best interests at heart. I think, like the president, obviously he was there and I wasn't, but my initial reaction was the ex -- exactly the same. What bravery from the guys who reacted immediately.

But what the hell was going on? How was that guy ever allowed to be there in the first place? Which I think somebody, whether it's higher up or, or somebody else involved really did screw up. And we have to get to the bottom of it because, you know, now me and my family are under protection. And, uh, obviously the president's safety is of paramount importance.

I mean,  people realize, whether you're a Democrat or Republican, what an unbelievable, you know, bullet that we all dodged, right? Of course the president's life is, is the most important thing. The unrest in this country, the anger, it would've taken this country a half of century to get over it. And, um, you know, we, we really did, I think, as a country get really lucky, not just the president.

That's right.

No.

Uh, Secret Service detail of 20, you can have a one -- to -- one ratio at a Biden rally, right? The president actually needs substantial protection. So I, I, I 100% believe that some people gotta be investigated and probably some people need to be fired.

Mm -- hmm.

And, sir, I, I think it illustrates something that's so different about the Trump administration versus the Biden administrations. Look, screw -- ups sometimes happen, even very big screw -- ups, but it's the responsibility of leaders to stand before the country and say, "All right, we screwed up. We're gonna get to the bottom of it. We're gonna answer questions and do it in public." I think the, the fact that there's been no transparency here is what makes a lot of us say, "Well, what the hell happened?

And why -- You know, are we actually making, taking steps to ensure it doesn't happen again?"

It's his decision. Yeah.

Absolutely right.

No.

Look, I think clearly, um, she needs to be more forthcoming. She needs to actually sit before people, answer all their questions and let people know what happened. When you try to hide information and hide from question asking, that's, I think, what leads people to believe that there's something to be --