Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-weekly-address-december-30-2017

Donald Trump: My fellow Americans. As we approach the final days of the year, it is truly incredible to think of how much we have accomplished on our journey together.

Donald Trump: Since the election we have created more than 2 million jobs for hardworking, wonderful families, and wonderful Americans. Unemployment is at a 17-year low. The stock market is at an all-time high, and continues to go up, up, up. We want to keep it going.

Donald Trump: We've liberated the American economy from the Washington overreach, cutting 22 regulations for every one new regulation, the most in the history of our country by far. And just last week, we delivered a big beautiful Christmas present to the American people.

Donald Trump: Congress passed massive tax cuts for millions of working American families and small businesses and large businesses, and those large businesses, in particular, coupled with others, are going to create jobs, jobs, jobs.

Donald Trump: Our tax plan is focused on the middle class, including a near doubling of the standard deduction and a huge increase in the child tax credit. A typical family of four earning $75,000, will see their tax bill cut in half -- one-half -- of what you are paying, and Americans will begin seeing these tax cuts in their paychecks starting in February.

Donald Trump: In addition, our border is now strong. We'll be building the wall. Your Second Amendment is safe. We're unlocking America's vast energy resources. We've restored enforcement of immigration laws, taken the fight right to MS-13 and getting them out of the country, and we are now working with Congress to end chain migration and the Visa Lottery Program, which is terrible, and brings in people that we don't want in our country.

Donald Trump: I'm very proud of the choice of Justice Neal Gorsuch on the Supreme Court, and we are reshaping the entire judiciary for many decades to come.

Donald Trump: Congress has authorized funding for our military at near-record levels, so that we can rebuild our full military might after years of dangerous cuts and depletion of our military.

Donald Trump: We've made historic strides in the fight against the murderous terror group known as ISIS. Today, the coalition to defeat ISIS has recaptured nearly 100 percent of the territory once held by these vile terrorists in Iraq and Syria.

Donald Trump: We are rebuilding our nation, rebuilding our confidence, and rebuilding our standing in the world. Today, the entire world can see that America is coming back and coming back strong. The American people are excited about the future, and the incredible possibilities that await all of us.

Donald Trump: Optimism is everywhere, enthusiasm is booming, and the thrilling American adventure has never looked brighter. We are facing all challenges with new solutions, and we are seizing new opportunities with brimming confidence and boundless resolve.

Donald Trump: Because of you, your patriotism, your devotion, your love for your family, we will be able to pass on the blessings of American liberty and prosperity to our children, and our grandchildren. Together, we are protecting our magnificent heritage and reaching for glorious destiny.

Donald Trump: Finally, Melania and I want to wish every American a very Happy New Year. Our country is great. Our country is strong. We're doing things that nobody thought possible. Thank you for giving me the opportunity to help. God bless you and God bless America.