Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-weekly-address-april-7-2018

Donald Trump: My fellow Americans. The federal government is charged with the sacred duties of protecting our nation, supporting our Constitution, and defending our borders. We also have to ensure the equal application of our laws in all 50 states.

Donald Trump: Last year, politicians in California violated the Constitution by nullifying federal law, and declaring their state to be a sanctuary from federal immigration enforcement. A border-free zone where thousands of criminal aliens can roam free. A very, very dangerous situation -- unacceptable to everyone.

Donald Trump: Their actions not only imperil the security of the people of California, but the security of the entire nation. California Sanctuary Bill should be called the Jailbreak Bill, because that's exactly what it is. They forced the release of dangerous criminal aliens from prisons and jails -- including drug traffickers and dealers responsible for the deaths of countless Americans.

Donald Trump: It's gotten totally out of control. We can't allow it to go on. California's law also increases our of vulnerability to terrorism by keeping life-saving information from federal authorities. The relationship is ridiculous. It forces law enforcement not to work together.

Donald Trump: Last week, the citizens of Orange County, California, bravely resisted the open borders politicians in Sacramento. The Orange County Board of Supervisors courageously voted to join the administration's lawsuit to stop these dangerous and unconstitutional actions. All across California, and all over America, everyday, citizens are taking a stand to protect their families, protect their borders, and protect their country.

Donald Trump: Every citizen has the right to be protected by federal law, and when politicians in California break those laws, they violate the constitutional rights of their citizens.

Donald Trump: My message to communities under siege from drug and gangs and violence is: you can stop this, and you can stop it cold. Partner with the federal government, so we can help to remove these threats from your communities, and restore peace to our streets.

Donald Trump: I'm also calling on Congress to immediately close the deadly border security loopholes that endanger our country. All over our country, we're living with laws that don't work. Congress has to change them. Democrats in Congress are doing everything in their power to undermine immigration enforcement, and encourage illegal immigration.

Donald Trump: Their policies are putting all of America at risk. It is so bad, it's hard to believe what they're doing and why they're doing it. We can't let it continue. The Democrats are not doing what's right for our country.

Donald Trump: I will not rest until we have secured our borders, and restored the rule of law. We will win, and we will win soon. It's happening.