Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-weekly-address-january-15-2018

Donald Trump: I have a dream. Martin Luther King, Jr.'s immortal words, delivered on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial, have inspired Americans of all background since they were spoken on that historic day in 1963.

Donald Trump: Dr. King's dream is our dream. It is the American dream. It's the promise, stitched into the fabric of our nation, etched into the hearts of our people, and written into the soul of humankind. It is the dream of a world where people are judged by who they are, not how they look or where they come from. It is the dream of a nation that offers life of dignity and hope to every American, regardless of color or creed.

Donald Trump: It is the dream of a nation faithful to its founding principle that we all created equal. This sacred principle was the cause for which Dr. King, and so many other historic Americans, sacrificed in places like Selma, Birmingham, Montgomery and Memphis. They were heroes who led our nation forward toward a future that is more just and more free.

Donald Trump: Fifty years ago the spring, Dr King was cruelly taken from this world by an assassin's bullet. But the promise he fought for could never be taken away. His words, his deeds, they live on forever. And the cause for which he gave his life only gained strength and force and power with the passage of time.

Donald Trump: Last week, I was so pleased to be joined by Dr King's niece, Alveda, as I signed into law the Martin Luther King Jr. National Historical Park Act. This important legislation will ensure that the beautiful historic park continues to tell Dr. King's story for generations to come.

Donald Trump: On this cherished day, we honor the memory of Reverend King, and we rededicate ourselves to glorious future, where every American from every walk of life can live free from fear, liberated from hatred, and uplifted by boundless love for their fellow citizens.

Donald Trump: I ask every citizen to join me in remembering this great American hero, and to carry on his legacy of justice, equality and freedom. God bless the memory of Reverend King and God bless the United States of America.