Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-convention-day-1-afternoon-hour-1-milwaukee-july-15-2024

Note: [The following was transcribed by A.I. This transcript may contain errors or mistakes. Please check against the original recording to verify any quotes.]

Note: [The following was transcribed by A.I. This transcript may contain errors or mistakes. Please check against the original recording to verify any quotes.]

Note: [The following was transcribed by A.I. This transcript may contain errors or mistakes. Please check against the original recording to verify any quotes.]

Brenna Bird: The United States Senator JD Vance.

Unidentified: Now Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, minnesota 39 votes President Trump, Colorado 37 delegates.

Mike Johnson: Amen to that, amen to that. The chair now recognizes the delegate from Nevada and the chairman of the Nevada Republican Party. Michael McDonald.

Unidentified: Delegates and alternate delegates, ladies and gentlemen, please take your seats. The 2024 Republican National Convention will begin in a few moments.

Note: [Music]

Unidentified: Madam, Madam Secretary on behalf of the Colorado Republican Party and the great state State of Colorado, the Centennial State home of the US Air Force Academy and Space Command along with the best Rocky Mountain peaks and powder skiing in the world. I have the honor of announcing that our delegation with unity and purpose while responding to our President's call to fight fight fight unanimously votes for the 45th and soon to be 47th President of the United States, Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Good afternoon. I'm chairman, Michael J. McDonnell from the state of Nevada. It has been an honor of a lifetime to stand by President Trump's side since 2015. In Nevada, we held the first in the West caucus where we blew the Democrats narrative apart, but you cannot have voter ID that you cannot have paper ballots and you cannot have results of an election on election night.

Note: [Music]

Brenna Bird: All right, time for a little convention business here, the chair states that in compliance with rule 40 B, the chair has been furnished with evidence that a plurality of the delegates from each of five or more states severally support the candidate who will be presented for the Nomination for Vice President of the United States.

Unidentified: Trump for God's sake Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and rules and procedures of this convention, Colorado 37 votes President Trump rhode Island 19 delegates.

Unidentified: In Nevada, a state that is resilient on service industry President Trump has proposed to eliminate taxes on tips on day one. Unlike the Biden-Harris administration and the Democrats that increased taxes on tips, President Trump has transformed our party to the champion of the working men and women. We fight for what's right, not for what's easy.

Unidentified: Milwaukee will be the center of the political world with the Republican National Convention in town. The political world will descend on Milwaukee. As Wisconsin gets ready to welcome the grand old party.

Brenna Bird: The chair would like to remind delegates of the provisions of rule 48, which provide that in part if there is only one candidate for nomination for Vice President of the United States who has demonstrated the support required by this paragraph. B of this rule, a motion to nominate for such office by acclamation shall be in order and no calling of the roll with respect to such office shall be required at this time.

Unidentified: Madam Secretary, the Ocean State, where almost 90 years of democratic control has led to the industrial vandalism of our ocean wind turbines and our ocean are killing our fishing industry and marine life, which has led to all pain and no gain. We were the first state to declare our independence from Britain and the last state to ratify the Constitution Because we believe in states rights.

Unidentified: We're in a battle for the soul of our nation because we want the best future for our family and for our country. President Trump is our fearless leader who stood -- who stood, withstood the persecution of a weaponized lawfare and who has fought even harder and stronger to represent and fight for all of us. I ask all Americans to join me in taking back our nation by supporting President Trump as he leads us back to victory once again.

Michael Whatley: Before we begin the official business of this convention, let us please take a moment of silence to reflect on the terrible events that took place in Butler, Pennsylvania and to pray for the victims and their families. Thank you offering today's invocation please welcome from the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of America.

Brenna Bird: The chair states that she has been furnished with evidence that there is only one candidate for nomination for the office of Vice President who has demonstrated the support required under rule 40. B of the rules of the convention, delegates and alternates. The chair recognizes and is pleased to introduce John Husted, Lieutenant Governor of Ohio for the purpose of nominating.

Unidentified: We are home to the independent man who wonders what happened to that independent freedom of religion spirit that Roger Williams brought into Rhode Island.

Unidentified: It is my honor to second the nomination of Donald J. Trump for the office of the President of the United States of America. God bless you.

Michael Whatley: His Eminence, Archbishop Elpidophoros.

Brenna Bird: Please please give him a warm welcome.

Unidentified: Let's bring back the spirit and soul of America with patriotism and intelligence rather than blind ambitious power. Madam Secretary, the great State of Rhode Island.

Unidentified: Ladies and gentlemen, speaker, Mike Johnson.

Unidentified: Let us pray to the Lord of all almighty and eternal God in, In peace, we come before you and implore your infinite goodness look upon this gathering of our nation's political leaders and grant them illumined hearts and minds to serve their fellow citizens through this Republican National Convention grant unto the nominee President Donald J. Trump and to his advisers and counselors, wisdom grace and the spirit of beauty that they may embrace all Americans needs.

Unidentified: Are we ready? Are we ready to nominate a Vice President? How about you, Ohio? Yeah, that's awesome. I'm Jon Husted. The lieutenant governor from the great state of Ohio is an honor to speak to you all this afternoon to formally nominate the Republican nominee for Vice President of the United States. Ohio is the heart of it all and that is certainly the case once again here today.

Unidentified: Proudly cast all 19 votes for Donald J. Trump woo woo woo woo woo.

Mike Johnson: We will now proceed with the roll call of the States as required by rule 37 of the convention rules. During the roll call, the states will be called in the order determined by the Secretary of the convention during the roll call. The chairs of each respective delegation or their designee will announce the vote of each state during the roll call of the states.

Unidentified: Shining the light of good government upon the vulnerable institutions of the world's best hope for everyone's life, liberty and pursuit of happiness, grant and to the delegates. A powerful recognition of purpose to bear witness to divine providence, which has shielded this great land through the centuries and drives us to a more perfect union with one another.

Unidentified: The vice presidency is an office of sacred trust. The man who accepts this nomination accepts with it the awesome responsibility to give wise counsel to the President, to represent America abroad, to preside over the Senate and to be ready to lead our nation at a moment's notice. Such a man must have an America first attitude in his heart.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, rhode, Rhode Island 19 votes President Trump, Pennsylvania, 67 delegates.

Mike Johnson: The Secretary will announce each state and that state's total number of available votes.

Unidentified: Ever building on the labors of those pioneers of patriotism who went before us preserve, protect and defend the servicemen and women who daily safeguard our freedoms so that in prosperity and tranquility, we can worship you the creator, Redeemer and Sanctifier of the universe and be the blessed. People whose God is the Lord.

Unidentified: He must amen he must embrace his obligation to the American family, the American worker and the American soldier. He must believe that America is exceptional and be prepared in the tradition of our founders to pledge his life. His fortune his sacred honor to preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States.

Unidentified: Madam Secretary, the great Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and its phenomenal delegation behind me, the birthplace of our nation and Constitution and independent Independence Hall proudly cast all of its 67 votes for the bravest man in America. Donald J. Trump.

Mike Johnson: Additionally, the chair would like to remind all delegates that the Secretary will record delegates votes in accordance with their obligations under rule 16 of the rules of the Republican Party state law or state party rules. Regardless of the delegation's announcement, the official results from each state are those announced by the Secretary.

Unidentified: Amen amen.

Unidentified: He must share the values and principles of our Presidential nominee and be trusted to faithfully implement the will of the people. JD Vance is such a man. [Audience chants "J.D."]

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the delegate and the rules and procedures of this convention, Pennsylvania 67 votes, President Trump, south Dakota, 29 delegates.

Mike Johnson: Lastly, just just one reminder, we want to remind all our delegates. Our alternates and guests that maintaining order during the roll call is extremely important if the convention is not in order, it's difficult for the secretary or presiding officer to hear the vote announcement. Now without objection, the complete list of votes recorded for President shall be considered as announced.

Unidentified: Would everyone please rise for the presentation of colors, The colors are presented by the Ozaki County Sheriff honor guard. Let's give them a warm welcome.

Unidentified: A man who loves America and will represent our people with moral courage strength and honor, j.D. Is a living embodiment of the American Dream. He came from humble beginnings and even as his life took him to places he might have never imagined, he never forgot where he came from. Ohio values are in his blood.

Unidentified: Madam Secretary, I'm Larry Rhoden, lieutenant governor of the great state of South Dakota. I'm proud to speak on behalf of myself and Governor Noem and our delegation. We represent the freest state in a nation built on the principles of freedom on behalf of South Dakotas. I wanted to say one thing, President Trump helped bring fireworks back to our Mount Rushmore.

Mike Johnson: To conduct the roll call of the States, I'm pleased to announce and introduce at this time our distinguished Secretary of the convention, Vicki Drummond.

Unidentified: Detail order Arms.

Unidentified: He served our nation in the United States Marine Corps. He is a graduate of the Ohio State University. He graduated summa cum laude from Yale Law School and is the author of the best selling book, Hillbilly Elegy and he is a crusader for the people of the Ohio in the United States Senate. He has never forgotten the working people of our country and he never will.

Unidentified: That monument honors four of our greatest Presidents and I believe there's room for one more woo Just saying on behalf of South Dakota's 29 delegates, I proudly cast all our votes for President, Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Delegates and alternates let us commence with the roll with the call of the roll of the States, iowa, 40 delegates.

Unidentified: Please remain standing for the Pledge of Allegiance and the National Anthem.

Unidentified: He fought to bring investment to Middle America as a businessman and has fought to defend them every single day in the Senate. In this I know this, I know he will faithfully stand by President Donald Trump's side as they win this election and change the course of our nation, they will change the course of our nation to the benefit of all American citizens and truly make our country great Again.

Unidentified: South Dakota 28 votes -- President Trump, new Mexico, 22 delegates.

Unidentified: Dude, you got ta do it right now.

Unidentified: Right shoulder arms ready Cut present arms.

Unidentified: It is therefore my honor to nominate Ohio Senator JD Vance for the office of Vice President of the United States of America.

Unidentified: Madam Secretary, I'm Jim Townsend, national committeeman from New Mexico joined with Tina Zuke, national committeewoman for New Mexico and the delegation from New Mexico. New Mexico is known as the Land of Enchantment. We remember well when our citizens flourished and jobs were always available. Madam, Secretary, we remember when the courts and our country were known for being fair and our borders were secure.

Unidentified: Madam, madam Secretary, I speak for the delegation from the great state of Iowa, the inspiring home of Caitlin Clark and Madam Secretary. The great state of Iowa proudly cast all of its 40 votes for President, Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: It is my privilege to introduce Debbie Colitis to lead us in the Pledge of Allegiance.

Brenna Bird: Delegates and alternates pursuant to rule 40, a motion to nominate by acclamation is now in order. The chair now recognizes Delegate Bernie Moreno, Senate candidate from Ohio for the purpose of making a motion.

Unidentified: Madam, Secretary, we also remember who was responsible for that and who worked hard for America. That's why today New Mexico casts all 22 votes for the next President of the United States. Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, iowa 4040 votes, President Trump, Nevada, 26 delegates.

Unidentified: Thank you so much. What an honor this is for all of us, please join me. I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands one nation under God indivisible with liberty and justice for all. Thank you.

Bernie Moreno: Thank you, Madam Chair, my name is Bernie Moreno. I'm honored to be the Republican nominee for the US Senate from the great state of Ohio. I know firsthand that my dear friend, JD is a selfless and brilliant fighter. He is a patriot who loves America. He loves Ohio. He loves his family. He's a great father.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, new Mexico 22 votes, President Trump, Montana 31 delegates.

Unidentified: Madam, madam Secretary, the great State of Nevada proudly cast all of its 26 votes for President, Donald J. Trump.

Michael Whatley: And now to perform the national anthem, please welcome John Stanford.

Bernie Moreno: He's a great man and that's what we need in this nation today. The JD Vance America First is not just a slogan, it's his North Star. He has followed it every moment of his life and career. He knows what it's like to live in poverty, forgotten by Washington politicians. He is dedicated to ensure that no American is ever forgotten again.

Unidentified: Madam, Secretary, Montana is big sky country abundant with God's blessings. Montana is the most patriotic.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, Nevada 26 votes President Trump.

Note: [The National Anthem is played.]

Bernie Moreno: Madam chair, it is a great honor to move that JD Vance be nominated by acclamation by this Republican National Convention as its candidate for the office of Vice President of the United States of America.

Unidentified: State in the USA, Montana is debt free.

Unidentified: Yeah, there you go.

Unidentified: Thank you. Thank you. Please remain standing while the colors are retired.

Brenna Bird: Without objection, the previous question is ordered. The question is on the motion that Senator JD Vance be nominated by acclamation. All those in favor signify by saying, I. I All those opposed signify by saying no, in the opinion of the chair, the ayes have it and the motion is adopted.

Unidentified: And sanctuary city free as Secretary of State, along with all the delegates from Montana, we stand with a leader who has reshaped American politics and reinvigorated our spirit as a nation. He delivered on his promises record job growth, historic tax cuts, securing our border and protecting our Second Amendment.

Unidentified: Oklahoma, 43 delegates.

Unidentified: First order Arms Ready Cut Port arms right face forward march.

Unidentified: Without objection, the motion to reconsider is laid upon the table.

Unidentified: It is our honor to cast 31 votes for our next President, Donald J. Trump woo.

Unidentified: Madam, Secretary, I am Nathan Dahm, Republican Party chairman of the great state of Oklahoma, the crossroads of our country and the first state to have a President, Donald J. Trump highway woohoo And the only state to have all 77 counties vote for President Trump. Two elections in a row with a third time coming up this November.

Note: [Music]

Brenna Bird: Delegates and alternates, ladies and gentlemen, I am proud to announce that Senator JD Vance has the overwhelming support of this convention to be the next Vice President of the United States. The chair is pleased to make the following appointments to the escort committee for Senator JD Vance. His Vice Presidential nominee, Usha Vance.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, montana 31 votes, President Trump, south Carolina 50 delegates.

Unidentified: Yeah, the state of Oklahoma proudly cast all of its 43 votes for President, Donald J. Trump.

Michael Whatley: Ladies and gentlemen, the chair has an important announcement to make so that we may proceed in an orderly manner under our current time constraints as described in our rules and the order of business to enable the chair to be certain that any motion offered has met the Necessary requirements of our rules.

Brenna Bird: Thank you and God bless America.

Unidentified: Madam, Secretary, I'm Henry McMaster proud, happy governor of the state of South Carolina, lucky husband of First Lady. Peggy Jean Maccabe McMaster, great state of South Carolina, the Palmetto State from the mountains to the sea where we've been fighting for liberty since 1670 where the Revolutionary War was won.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, Oklahoma 43 votes, President Trump, West Virginia 32 delegates, woo Woo.

Michael Whatley: The chair would like to put the delegates on notice that the chair through the Secretary of the convention must be provided in advance with satisfactory written evidence of support of a majority of delegates from each of the necessary number of states required by our rules. This written confirmation is consistent with our modern practice and precedent during previous conventions with similar announcements as well as the use of written certificates for the presentation of the names of our candidates for nomination.

Unidentified: Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome back Speaker Johnson woo.

Unidentified: Where in 2016, Donald Trump won his first primary victory ever, ushering in the Trump era of American history. The great state of South Carolina proudly casts all 50 of its votes for President, Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Madam, chairman, on behalf of the West Virginia delegation, my name is Patrick Morrisey and I am very proud to cast all 32 votes for the mountaineers where we're always free and to cast those 32 votes for our former and future President, Donald J. Trump.

Michael Whatley: Also, the chair would like to remind all delegates that the rules require that the notification of evidence of written support necessary to present a name of a candidate for the nomination of the office of President and Vice President of the United States must be submitted to the Secretary of the convention prior to the placing of the names of the candidates for nomination.

Unidentified: All right, all right.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, south Carolina 50 votes President Trump vermont 17 delegates.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, west Virginia 32 votes President, Donald J. Trump, new Hampshire 22 delegates.

Michael Whatley: I also wish to remind our guests and alternates that participation in convention business is limited to the delegates on the floor. In particular, it is important that guests and alternates in the gallery remain silent during voice votes. To ensure that the chair can hear the accurate results. In other words, if you are not on the floor, you are not speaking during votes.

Mike Johnson: What a great night pursuant to rule 40 D of the rules of the Republican Party I formally declare President Donald J. Trump and JD Vance as the Republican nominees for President and Vice President of the United States.

Unidentified: Vermont, madam Secretary thank you. My name is Gerald Malloy. I am a proud Vermonter, a Vermont delegate and a veteran. I am also the Vermont Republican Party nominee for the United States Senate and I'm the guy that's going to retire. Bernie Sanders. Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, vermont is the Green Mountain State.

Unidentified: Madam Secretary, my name is Corey Lewandowski and I served as President Trump's campaign manager in 2016 for that historic victory. I stand before you today on behalf of the great state of New Hampshire, the Granite State, the first in the nation primary state, the state that delivered President Trump's first election victory way back in February of 2016. New Hampshire proudly cast all 22 votes for my good friend the 45th and soon to be 47th President of the United States, Donald, John Trump.

Michael Whatley: The chair now recognizes the Secretary of the Republican National Convention, Vicki Drummond from Alabama for the purpose of reading the call of the convention. Please give her a warm welcome.

Unidentified: Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome back. RNC -- Chairman, Michael Whatley.

Unidentified: It's the 14th star, a long history of -- of leadership and innovation for the United States. Ethan Allen, John Deere, President, Calvin Coolidge, our motto is freedom and unity. Unfortunately right now we've got a problem with unity and division in the United States. There's one man that's going to reunite our country and make America great again.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, New Hampshire 22 votes, President Trump, Nebraska, 36 delegates.

Unidentified: Thank you. Chairman Whatley to the Republican voters of the United States of America in accordance with the rules of the Republican Party adopted by the 2020 Republican National Convention on August 24th, 2020 in Charlotte, North Carolina and as amended by the Republican National Committee on April 14th, 2022. In Memphis, Tennessee, the Republican National Committee hereby directs that a national convention of delegated Representatives of the Republican Party be convened in Milwaukee, Wisconsin no earlier than 8:00 am and no later than 9:00 PM Central Daylight Time on Monday, July 15th, 2024.

Michael Whatley: What a great afternoon for the Republican Party and what a great afternoon for America. It is now time to take the official convention photograph if all of the delegates would please stand and turn to the center camera directly opposite the stage. We will take the official photograph emma emma, the camera's right there.

Unidentified: It's Donald Trump 45th and 47th President, Mr. chairman. The great state of Vermont proudly casts all of its 17 votes for Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Woo, Madam Secretary, my name is Eric Onoda. I'm the chairman. I present the great state of Nebraska. The good life is our motto where agriculture, beef and corn is the lifeblood of our economy where our medical field and university are amongst the top in the nation. But it is our people that embody a Nebraska nice, modest lifestyle.

Unidentified: Except in the case of an emergency as set forth herein and to continue thereafter from day to day for as long as the purpose of nominating candidates for the President and Vice President to be voted for at the Presidential election on Tuesday, November 5th, 2024. And for transaction of other such business as may properly come before it said convention membership and the allocation and binding of convention delegates with respect to the nomination of the Republican candidate for President of the United States will be governed by the rules of the Republican Party.

Unidentified: Right above it, see the guy with the big toe top. All right. Thank you. Thank you. Great job.

Unidentified: Here we go pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, Vermont 17 votes, President Trump district of Columbia, 19 delegates.

Unidentified: Now to announce our delegate allocation, our delegation co-chair John Tucker, madam Secretary, the great State of Nebraska proudly casts all of its 36 votes for President Trump.

Unidentified: And set forth therein.

Michael Whatley: Thank you delegates at this time, please welcome Leora Levy delegate and National Committeewoman from Connecticut who will lead us in a benediction.

Unidentified: Madam, Secretary, on behalf of the District of Columbia, I am directed by that district to cast its 19 votes for President in accordance with the rules.

Unidentified: Yes, yes, woo, woo woo.

Unidentified: Thank you. Thank you very much, Secretary Drummond the chair now recognizes the delegate from Illinois for the purpose of making a motion.

Unidentified: Let us pray that means be quiet bow, your heads, heavenly father, we thank you for the life and the strength of President Donald Trump and pray that you continue to protect his family. We pray for Cory Comparator and his family may his memory always be a blessing. We pray for the two patriotic Americans who were wounded and for their speedy complete recovery.

Unidentified: District of Columbia 19 votes to be cast pursuant to the rules and procedures of the convention. Thank you delegates.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, nebraska 36 votes President Trump, California.

Unidentified: Mr. Chairman, I'm Mark Shaw from Illinois and I move that further reading of the call be dispensed with and that the Secretary be instructed to incorporate the call at this point in the convention proceedings with the same force and effect as though read in full.

Unidentified: King of the universe who knows, all sees all please watch over us as we embark on the work for which we have gathered here today. We are here to elect President, Donald J. Trump, a leader with wisdom strength, courage and the experience to repair what has been badly broken lord. Please bless the leaders of our great Republican Party.

Unidentified: Everyone's so confused now, I know.

Unidentified: Woo, woo, woo, woo woo.

Michael Whatley: Without objection, the previous question is ordered. The question is on agreeing to the motion to dispense with the reading of the entire call for the convention and that the call be made part of the permanent record of the convention. All those in favor signify by saying aye aye, all those opposed, signify by saying no, in the opinion of the chair, the ayes have it and the motion is adopted.

Unidentified: Bless President Trump Vice President, JD Vance, RNC, Chairman, Michael Whatley, Cochairman. Lara Trump the delegates alternates and guests gathered here today as we work to make America great again. May we remember your Word in Deuteronomy 31, six be strong and courageous do not be afraid because of them for the Lord your God goes with you.

Unidentified: Ladies and gentlemen, Speaker Johnson.

Unidentified: California, 169 delegates.

Michael Whatley: Without objection, the motion to reconsider is laid on the table, the chair states that pursuant to the call and rule 42 of the rules of the Republican Party as adopted by the 2020 Republican National Convention. And as incorporated by the call for this convention rules, 26 through 42 shall be the temporary rules of the convention.

Unidentified: He will never leave nor forsake you our father in heaven bless our exceptional country, the United States of America and all who stand vigilant to protect us. The members of our armed forces, police and first responders o Lord our God. We pray for the peace of Jerusalem, your eternal city and for all the children of Abraham.

Mike Johnson: All right, the chair is prepared to announce the results. The following candidate received the following votes, 2387 votes for President Donald J. Trump, let's make it official. Accordingly. The chair announces that President Donald J. Trump having received a majority of the votes entitled to be cast at the convention has been selected as the Republican Party nominee for President of the United States.

Unidentified: California represents nearly 5.4 million registered Republicans more than any other state in the nation from its pristine beaches to its soaring mountains from expansive deserts to the redwood forests. The Golden State is responsible for securing today's GOP House majority. It will be the state responsible for returning a House majority to Washington this November, so that President Trump has a partner in Congress to support his common sense agenda with the largest delegation in the nation.

Michael Whatley: Vicki Drummond Secretary of the Republican National Committee has presented to the chair the temporary role of delegates and alternates to the convention. Ladies and gentlemen, it is now time for the convention to elect its temporary chairman pursuant to the authority granted to me by the Republican National Committee.

Unidentified: We remember and pray for freedom for the hostages kidnaped and held so cruelly against their will lord. Please keep them in your sight and hasten the day of their freedom lord we have gathered here from different communities, cities, states and territories. Let us pray together united for our nation, the United States of America.

Mike Johnson: The chair is pleased to appoint the following to serve as the escort committee for President Donald J. Trump, Eric trump, Donald Trump Jr., Tiffany Trump, Ivanka trump and Barron Trump. Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, it is now my honor to introduce the Attorney General and there goes the teleprompter.

Unidentified: Madam, Secretary, the great state of California proudly casts all of its 169 votes for President Donald Trump.

Michael Whatley: I nominate as the temporary chairman of the convention, the Honorable Henry McMaster, Governor of South Carolina, the Honorable Brenna Bird Attorney General of Iowa and the Honorable. Mitch McConnell of Kentucky Senate Republican leader all those in favor of electing governor McMaster Attorney General Bird and Leader McConnell.

Unidentified: May our prayers unite the American people to work together for the betterment of our nation and of the entire world may America be a light unto the nations and an emissary of clarity and leadership for the world. Grant peace, goodness, blessing, grace, loving, kindness and mercy. To us, bless us, our father, all of us as one with the light of your face.

Unidentified: I, President, Donald J. Trump gave us the most secure and prosperous economy in the US history. Unemployment hit record lows, 7 million new jobs created. Under his leadership, the stock market hit record highs over and over again. Americans household net worth soared trillions of dollars higher than ever before and job killing pacts like NAFTA canceled and replaced by the greatest deal maker alive today.

Unidentified: Make us proud.

Michael Whatley: As the temporary chairman signify by saying aye.

Unidentified: Amen, wow.

Unidentified: President Trump made our economy great once he's ready to do it again.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, California 169 votes, President Trump going to see 58 delegates in Tennessee, tennessee, 58 delegates.

Michael Whatley: All those opposed signify by saying no in the opinion of the chair, the ayes have it and the motion is adopted without objection. The motion to reconsider is laid on the table. The chair appoints the following individuals to the escort committee for the temporary chairman, Peggy McMaster of South Carolina.

Michael Whatley: In a moment, we will recess until this evening session. This evening session will reconvene at approximately 545. However, I will instruct delegates to please return to the hall at 5:30 p.m. in order to be in your seats by 5:45 p.m. I thank you for consideration. The chair declares that the 2024 Republican National Convention is in recess subject to the call of the chair.

Newt Gingrich: I'm Newt Gingrich and I'm here with the Republican National Convention and I'm asking you to help President Donald Trump win the white House and kick Joe Biden out of there. If you'll send whatever you can afford to 88022I, believe you will be key in helping defeat Joe Biden.

Unidentified: Thank you, Madam. Secretary, my name is Jack Johnson. I have the honor of serving as the Republican majority leader in the Tennessee State Senate on behalf of our delegation chairman, the honorable Bill Lee, the 50th governor of the great state of Tennessee. I am happy to report that from the mighty Mississippi Graceland and Beale Street to the Grand Ole Opry to the Great Smoky Mountains, Rocky Top and Dollywood to Rock City and Lookout Mountain and Bristol Motor Speedway and all points in between.

Michael Whatley: Bob Byrd of Iowa and the Honorable, Elaine Chao of Kentucky, the chair has been presented with the names of the temporary officers of the convention as prepared by the Republican National Committee. The chair now recognizes the delegate from Oklahoma for the purposes of offering a resolution.

Unidentified: Thank you. I'll be back in my chair by 45. Yeah, thanks guys. Really appreciate it well.

Unidentified: Our southern border in crisis enemies of America, pouring in your family at risk working families struggling to pay the rent, buy groceries pay for gas, yet Washington is paralyzed, but this week at the convention in Milwaukee, Republicans are developing a plan to end inflation, secure the border Make groceries and life affordable again to right the wrongs of the last four years.

Unidentified: We proudly cast all 58 of our votes for the next President of the United States, Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Mr. Chairman, I am Pam Pollard from Oklahoma and I offer the following resolution for immediate consideration resolved that the officers presented and elected as temporary officers of the Republican National Convention. Mr. Chairman, I yield the balance of my time and move for the previous question of the resolution.

Unidentified: Tune in to watch the plan unfold.

Unidentified: Go go go, go, go go go first.

Unidentified: Without objection, the previous question is ordered. The question is on the adoption of the resolution. All those in favor signify by saying aye.

Mike Pompeo: This is Mike Pompeo and I'm humbly asking President Trump's strongest supporters to help chip in chip in directly to help reelect him this November. It's not far off. If every person watching this text donate to 88022 and gives just $5. I know he'll defeat Joe Biden or whoever they put up, help President Trump win today with your support.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and rules and procedures of this convention, Tennessee 58 votes, President Trump, Washington 43 delegates.

Michael Whatley: Aye?

Mike Pompeo: We'll make America great again.

Unidentified: Madam, Secretary, washington state, the Evergreen State where the people support law enforcement by allowing them to pursue criminals where the people support families and children by putting into law a parents Bill of rights where the people reform taxes so that families and young people and small businesses Can thrive?

Unidentified: All those opposed signify by saying no, in the opinion of the chair, the ayes have it and the resolution is adopted without objection. The motion to reconsider is laid on the table. Ladies and gentlemen, we are about to begin a very important part of our program. I would like to ask that the aisles be cleared and the delegates please take their seats.

Note: [Music]

Unidentified: Washington state casts all of its 43 votes for the next President. The past President, Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Thank you. First, we will take up the report of the Committee on Credentials and to do so, I am pleased to introduce Joe Gruters delegate from Florida and chairman of the Committee on Credentials to present the committee's report. Joining him is Jeannie Lucky delegate from Mississippi and co-chair of the Committee on Credentials.

Donald Trump: Today, I'm joining RNC Co-Chair Lara Trump to humbly ask if you could chip in five, ten or $25 Grassroots supporters like you keep this campaign alive. A gift of just $5 could make the difference between victory and defeat in November. Please chip in any amount. I know with your support right now, we will make America great again.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, Washington 43 votes, President Trump, Alabama 50 delegates, woo woo.

Unidentified: FaceTime was developed for.

Unidentified: Our southern border in crisis enemies of America, pouring in your family at risk working families struggling to pay the rent, buy groceries pay for gas, yet Washington is paralyzed, but this week at the convention in Milwaukee, Republicans are developing a plan to end inflation, secure the border Make groceries and life affordable again to right the wrongs of the last four years.

Unidentified: Woo, Yeah, madam chair, I'm coach, Senator Tommy Tuberville and proud to represent the great state of Alabama. One of the most pro military and pro veteran states in the country. Huntsville, Alabama has sent somebody to the moon for the United States in the past. We will do it again in the very near future.

Unidentified: Mr. Chairman, it is my privilege at this time to offer the following resolution and ask for its immediate consideration, resolved that the temporary role of delegates and alternate delegates as presented to the convention become the permanent role of the convention. And that the role be considered. As read?

Unidentified: Tune in to watch the plan unfold.

Unidentified: We stand for the flag and kneel for God.

Unidentified: Thank you, Mr. Chairman and I am honored to yield my time to the chairman of the Committee on Credentials, Joe Gruters.

Eric Trump: Hi, everyone. Eric Trump, I'm so honored to be here. I'm so honored to be a delegate. I am so honored to be speaking at this convention for a third time. We're going to send my father back to the white House. We are going to win on November 5th, but I ask one thing of each and every one of you text donate to 88022, Anything helps.

Unidentified: Amen, madam chair.

Unidentified: Let's go Team, Florida. Thank you madam Co-Chair, Mr. Chairman. It has been my privilege to serve as the chairman of the Committee on Credentials alongside my co-chair. Jeannie Lucky, the Republican National Committee's contest met to consider contests properly filed with the Secretary of the Republican National Committee.

Eric Trump: Even a dollar helps tremendously. We're going to win in November. We're going to make America great again. We're going to make our country strong again and I'm so proud to be here with each and every one of you. Thank you.

Unidentified: We proudly cast our 50 delegates for the next President of the United States, Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: The committee issued recommendations which were submitted to the Republican National Committee on July the 10th, 2020 for the Republican National Committee adopted the committee's on on contest's recommendations, which were incorporated into the temporary rule and forwarded to the Convention Committee on Credentials.

Mike Johnson: All right, ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience. It is now my honor to introduce the attorney general of Iowa Brenna Bird. Please join me in giving her a warm welcome.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, Alabama 50 votes President Trump.

Unidentified: One appeal was taken before this Committee on Credentials. Following that appeal, the committee voted to seat the delegate delegates of Missouri as originally certified. These changes were incorporated into the temporary rule on behalf of all of us who had the privilege of serving as members of the Convention Committee on Credentials.

Brenna Bird: Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman. Ladies and gentlemen, it is now time for us to determine our nominee for the office of Vice President.

Unidentified: Massachusetts, 40 delegates.

Unidentified: It is my honor to certify the delegates and alternates to this convention who will serve to nominate the next President of the United States President, Donald J. Trump. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time and move the previous question on the resolution.

Unidentified: Madam, madam Secretary, the Great Commonwealth of Massachusetts, home of John Quincy, Adams, Samuel Adams, Patrick Henry and other great patriots who made America great, proudly cast all of its 40 votes for our next President Donald J. Trump. So together we can work to make America great again.

Michael Whatley: Without objection, the previous question is ordered. The question is on the adoption of the resolution. All those in favor signify by saying aye, all those opposed, signify by saying no, in the opinion of the chair, the ayes have it and the resolution is adopted without objection. The motion to reconsider is laid on the table.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, Massachusetts 40 votes President Trump indiana.

Michael Whatley: Congratulations to all of our delegates and alternates. The chair is now proud to introduce Jeff Kent delegate from Washington and chairman of the Committee on Rules and Order of Business to present the committee's report. Joining Mr. Kent are the co-chairs of the Committee on Rules and Order of Business, Brian Jacques from Georgia and Julianne Murray delegate from Delaware and chairwoman of the Delaware Republican Party.

Unidentified: Madam chair, I'm Jim Banks.

Unidentified: Mr. Chairman, fellow delegates, I offer the following resolution and ask for its immediate consideration resolved that the rules as printed and distributed be adopted as the rules for the election and the governing of the Republican National Committee. The rules under which delegates and alternate delegates shall be elected selected and allocated and the rules which serve as the rules of the Republican National Convention.

Unidentified: Delegates?

Unidentified: Thank you, Mr. Chairman and I am honored to yield my time to my fellow co-chair. Brian Jacques.

Jim Banks: Madam chair, I'm Jim Banks from the great state of Indiana in Indiana. We believe in the American dream. We love America and we love Donald J. Trump who as the son of a factory worker born in a trailer park, a veteran of the United States Navy who is the honor of my life on behalf of my great state, the Hoosier State to cast all 58 Votes for the greatest President of my lifetime and my friend Donald Trump.

Unidentified: Well, thank you, Co-Chair, Murray. My name is Brian Jacques. I'm from Fayette County, Georgia and I've had -- I've had the privilege of spending the last eight years of my life working for the greatest President of our lifetime President, Donald J. Trump. It has been my honor to serve as cochairman of our Convention's Committee on Rules and Order of Business.

Jim Banks: Thank you.

Unidentified: Thank you for enabling me our committee chairman, Jeff Kent and my fellow co-chair Julianne Murray to preside over our committee's work and thank you to the 112 members of the Rules Committee for your tireless commitment to the rules that govern our Republican Party. Each of you were first elected by your Republican Party constituents to serve as delegates to this convention and then you were elected by your peers to spend an additional week in Milwaukee with us. The rules package you overwhelmingly pass out of committee streamlines the way our party functions.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, indiana 58 votes President Trump, Georgia 50, 59 delegates.

Unidentified: It incentivizes greater Republican participation in our primaries, caucuses and conventions going forward and it enables us to nominate the 45th and 47th President of the United States of America President, Donald J. Trump. Congratulations on this committee's success and I'm honored to yield my time to the chairman of the Committee on Rules and Order of Business.

Unidentified: Madam Secretary, I'm Josh McCown, chairman of the Georgia Republican Party georgia, the Empire state of the South georgia, the number one state to do business in the United States of America. On November 5th. The Peach State will send 16 electoral votes for the once and future President. Of the United States, Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Jeff Kent.

Unidentified: And today we proudly cast all 59 votes for President, Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Thank you.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, Georgia 59 votes, President Trump, Utah, 40 delegates.

Unidentified: Thank you Mr. Co-Chair.

Mike Lee: Madam, Secretary, my name is Mike Lee. I'm a US Senator representing Utah. Utah is a place where we have big families, big hearts and big ideas. It's a place where we love freedom. We love the Constitution and we despise tyranny in Utah.

Unidentified: Mr. Chairman?

Unidentified: From the Red Rocks to the snow capped mountains with the greatest snow on Earth. We know what heaven on earth looks like. Utah. The 45th state admitted to the Union today proudly casts all of its 40 delegate votes for President, Donald J. Trump and his newly announced running mate, my friend and colleague. JD Vance.

Unidentified: Delegates of the convention, the report of the Committee on Rules and Order of Business has been printed and distributed to the delegates. These changes adopted by the Convention Committee on the Rules of Order and Business and I am honored to have served as the chairman of this Committee and I am proud of the committee's work.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and rules and procedures of this convention, utah 40 votes, President Trump, Maryland, 37 delegates.

Unidentified: Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time and move the previous question on the resolution.

David Bossie: Madam, Secretary. My name is David Bossie. Maryland, the old Line state the seventh State To enter The union known for the amazing Chesapeake Bay and blue crab and the United States Naval Academy, the home of Fort McHenry, the historic site of that inspired the Star Spangled Banner and the home of the next United States Senator from Maryland, Larry Hogan, maryland.

Unidentified: Thank you.

David Bossie: The proudly cast our 37 votes for my friend the 45th and 47th President of the United States, John Donald, John Trump.

Unidentified: Thank you, Brian.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, maryland 37 votes President Trump, Texas.

Unidentified: Sorry.

Unidentified: Madam, Secretary, all right, I'm Abraham Joy, chairman of Republican Party of Texas, not only Texas is the economic powerhouse of America where we back our police officers back our oil and gas workers and back our men and women in uniform, not only taxes create more jobs, private Jobs every month than Joe Biden could ever dream when he's sleeping at 8:00. Not only we are a state where no Democrat has won a single statewide office since 1992. Behalf behalf of our great governor, Greg Abbott, our Lieutenant Governor, Dan Patrick and our attorney General, Ken Paxton.

Michael Whatley: Without objection, the previous question is ordered. The question is on the adoption of the resolution. All those in favor signify by saying aye, all those opposed, signify by saying no, in the opinion of the chair, the ayes have it and the resolution is adopted without objection. The motion to reconsider is laid on the table.

Unidentified: And the Republican Party of Texas and our entire delegation, we cast all 161 of our delegates for the 45th and the 47th President, Donald J. Trump thank you and God bless you and God bless Texas.

Michael Whatley: The chair now recognizes the delegate from Michigan and the chairman of the Michigan Republican Party Ambassador Pete Hoekstra for the purpose of offering a resolution.

Unidentified: Pursuant pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, texas 161 votes, President Trump, Bernie iowa, 79 delegates.

Pete Hoekstra: Mr. Chairman, I'm Pete Hoekstra from Michigan in 1994, I had the honor of working with Newt Gingrich to develop the contract with America. Soon. This convention will adopt a platform that will make America great. Again. I offer the following resolution and ask for its immediate consideration resolved that the report of the Committee on the platform be considered as adopted.

Alex Triantafilou: Madam Secretary, Alex Triantafilou, Chairman of the Ohio Republican Party woo woo woo I stand here today with my friend Bernie Moreno, who's going to retire forever politician, Sherrod Brown and deliver a win to the United States Senate. We proudly cast our 79 votes for President, Donald J. Trump and JD Vance.

Pete Hoekstra: Mr. Chairman, for purposes of explaining the report only, I am honored to yield to the Committee chairman and Co-Chair Senator Marsha Blackburn and Congressman Mike Waltz.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, Iowa 79 votes President Trump, American Samoa nine delegates.

Michael Whatley: I now have the honor of recognizing the chairwoman of the Platform Committee United States Senator for the great state of Tennessee. Marsha Blackburn.

Unidentified: Talofa talofa, american Samoa where our motto is God and more boldly to our God is first. Therefore Madam Secretary Americans are more proudly and with all our hearts cast our vote in favor of our next President, Donald J. Trump.

Marsha Blackburn: Delegates I'm Marsha Blackburn from the great state of Tennessee last week I had the honor of chairing the Republican Platform Committee and I'm here today to report on our work. I would like to thank all the delegates who served on the committee and helped us produce a platform that all Americans can be proud of. It's a different kind of platform.

Unidentified: American Samoa dolomite, dolomite. Hey, hey, hey.

Marsha Blackburn: It is not a laundry list of special interest wishes, but a succinct clear agenda and a promise to the American people. I talked with our next President, Donald J. Trump and he personally reviewed, edited and approved our platform. Because he knows our platform is important, every American can read our platform and know what we believe and how we will make America safer, stronger, wealthier and greater than ever before.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, american Samoa nine votes President Trump, Wisconsin 41 delegates.

Marsha Blackburn: This platform is built on the values of our founders and great Republicans from Lincoln and Reagan to Trump who are committed to freedom, restrained government and peace through strength. The platform contains 20 promises, including securing our border, getting inflation under control, restoring our energy dominance, defending our Constitution, protecting our Second Amendment rights, securing our country, restoring our military strength and keeping boys out of girls sports.

Unidentified: Madam, Secretary on behalf of the Wisconsin delegation, we welcome everyone here to this 23rd some place we call home where 170 years ago this great party was founded down the road in Ripon, Wisconsin in a little white schoolhouse. Madam, Secretary, the great state of Wisconsin proudly casts all of its 41 votes for Donald J. Trump.

Marsha Blackburn: And protecting life for the born and unborn born our nation is in serious decline taken there by the Biden-Harris policies that have put government first and the people last. The Democrats have forgotten who they serve. We are here this week to remind them and America that we Republicans serve the people and we will not forget them.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation in rules and procedures of this convention, Wisconsin 41 votes President Trump new York.

Marsha Blackburn: That's why our platform is dedicated to the forgotten men and women of America and it will unite all Americans. It is of by and for the people. Our platform reflects the agenda of Donald Trump and the timeless values that have defined Republicans for generations. So let's unite and support our platform and our next President Donald Trump.

Unidentified: 91 votes woo Trump trump, trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump trump trump Trump trump Trump Trump Trump President, Donald J.

Marsha Blackburn: President, we all know President Trump will keep his promises as he did in his first term as President and restore American greatness. That is why we must return Donald Trump to the white House. Thank you and now join me in welcoming the co-chair of the platform Committee. The fantastic Congressman from Florida, Michael Waltz.

Unidentified: Trump will always be a New Yorker and New York will always.

Unidentified: Thank you. Wonderful, Florida.

Unidentified: Love President, Donald J. Trump, we believe that President Donald J.

Mike Waltz: A thank you Senator Blackburn. It was such an honor to serve with you as the co-chair of the platform committee. This platform is historic because it was written with one group of people in mind, the forgotten men and Women of America. You know that means something to me, many of you know and I am proud to say I am the first Green Beret ever elected to Congress.

Unidentified: Trump will be the first Republican in a generation who will win New York State, yes.

Mike Waltz: Thank you. Thank you. And I'm also the son of a single mother raised on the wrong side of Jacksonville who worked three jobs just to get us by me and my family were the forgotten men and women of America. And now I stand as a testament to the American Dream and I tell you that under the leadership of the Republican Party, no American will be forgotten anymore.

Unidentified: It is my honor. As Representative for New York's 21st Congressional District house Republican Conference Chair on behalf of the 91 New York delegates to the Republican National Convention, we proudly cast all 91 votes for President, Donald J. Trump.

Mike Waltz: It's over on the strong foundation of this platform and with President Trump and the Republicans at the helm at every level of government, we will overcome every threat facing this nation. We will close our disastrously open border. We will defend our justice system. We will restore our economy, we will unleash American energy and flood the world with clean, cheap American oil and gas.

Unidentified: Woo woo Trump trump, trump trump trump.

Mike Waltz: Drill baby drill, we will and most of all, we will strengthen our depleted military and make it strong again folks, this platform, the leadership of President Trump President Trump, we will destroy inflation. We're going to send a cruise missile right into the heart of it and we will bring back the American dream.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, New York 91 votes President Trump, Florida, florida 125 delegates.

Mike Waltz: Only in America only in America can someone like me stand up on a stage like this, the Republican Party believes in the potential of every American which is why this platform was personally approved by President Donald J. Trump. So, So I hope you will join me to support this platform that we will propel our party and America to victory this November and get Donald J. Trump back in the white House.

Unidentified: Madam, Secretary and everybody in this great city on behalf of our entire family and on behalf of the 125 delegates in the unbelievable state of Florida, we hereby nominate every single one of them for the greatest President that's ever lived and that's Donald J. Trump hereby declaring Him the Republican nominee for President of the United States of America.

Mike Waltz: I thank you and please join me in welcoming back our awesome RNC chairman, Mike Whatley.

Unidentified: Cluck cluck cluck cluck cluck cluck cluck cluck personnel.

Unidentified: Thank you, Mike.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, florida 125 votes President Trump.

Unidentified: Thank you. Congressman Waltz now to the delegate from Michigan.

Unidentified: We celebrate good times come on, set a pretty good time come on. There's a party going on right here, a celebration to last about a year, so bring your good times and your laughter too, we gonna celebrate your party with you come on the celebration. We gonna celebrate and have a good time celebration.

Unidentified: Chairman, Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time and move the previous question on the resolution.

Unidentified: Let's all celebrate and have a good time.

Unidentified: Without objection, the previous question is ordered. The question is on the adoption of the resolution. All those in favor signify by saying aye, all those opposed, signify by saying no, in the opinion of the chair, the ayes have it and the resolution is adopted without objection. The motion to reconsider is laid on the table.

Unidentified: We will now continue -- we will now continue with the roll call of the states, Puerto Rico, 23 delegates.

Unidentified: Now it is my pleasure to introduce the chair and co-chair of the Committee on Permanent Organization. Please welcome chairman J. L spray, National Committeeman from Nebraska and Co-Chair Jessica millan, Patterson chairwoman of the California Republican Party. The chair will now recognize Co-Chair Patterson for the purpose of offering a resolution.

Unidentified: Madam, chairman, I'm Angel Cintron state chairman for the Republican Party of Puerto Rico, the great 51st Republican State of the Union, Puerto Rico, the Shining Star of the Caribbean brothers and Sisters of Florida, Texas, California, New York and all the state proudly casts all of our 23 Votes for our next President of the United States, Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, Puerto Rico 23 votes, Donald Trump -- President Trump kentucky 46 delegates.

Unidentified: I'm Jessica millan Patterson, the chairwoman of the California Republican Party and and I offer the following resolution and ask for its immediate consideration resolved that the report of the Committee on Permanent Organization shall be considered as adopted. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and it is my honor to yield my time to the chairman of the Committee on Permanent Organization JL spray from Nebraska.

Unidentified: Oh, Madam, chairman?

Unidentified: Thank you madam Co-Chair, Mr. Chairman Whatley delegates and distinguished guests as the chairman of your Committee on Permanent Organization. I have the distinct honor to present to you the report of the Committee on Permanent Organization. I'd like to begin by thanking the members of the Committee on Permanent Organization, the staff and volunteers.

Unidentified: Madam, chairman, the Commonwealth of Kentucky proudly cast 46 votes for the next President, Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: The committee met last week to the -- and to recommend to the convention the slate of permanent officers for the 2024?

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, Kentucky 46 votes, President Trump, Hawaii 19 delegates.

Unidentified: Republican National Convention, the committee unanimously adopted the slate as its committee report delegates. You can find a copy of that list in the order of business placed at your seats. You will see that the committee unanimously recommends that the permanent chairman of the convention will be speaker of the House of Representatives, Mike Johnson of Louisiana.

Unidentified: Aloha mai Kakou, we are the delegation from the beautiful state of Hawaii. Yes, we carry with us the traditions of the father of the Hawaii Republican Party, Prince Kuhio, Kalanianaole Piikoi and we carry his sentiment when he said we are Republicans from the top of our heads to the bottom of our feet. Madam, Secretary, the great State of Hawaii pledges all 19 votes for the future President of the United States, Donald J. Trump, who.

Unidentified: The committee further recommends that all other officers, including the temporary chairman and all the temporary officers whose names have been entered into the record of this convention, be made the permanent officers of this convention. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time and move the previous question on the resolution.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules of procedures of this convention, Hawaii 19 votes, President Trump, Kansas 39 delegates, yes.

Unidentified: Thank you. Awesome.

Unidentified: I am Mike Brown, chairman of the Republican Party of Kansas, the heartland of America and the breadbasket of the world. Also the aviation capital of the world and the home state of Bob Dole and Dwight D Eisenhower. Madam chair, the great state of Kansas proudly cast all 39 of its votes for the man Donald J. Trump.

Michael Whatley: Without objection, the previous question is ordered. The question is on the adoption of the resolution. All those in favor signify by saying aye, all those opposed, signify by saying no, in the opinion of the chair, the ayes have it and the resolution is adopted without objection. The motion to reconsider is laid on the table.

Unidentified: Fight fight, fight, fight, fight.

Michael Whatley: At this time, the chair would like to appoint Kelly Johnson from Louisiana to the escort committee for the permanent chairman. Thank you, kelly. The chair now recognizes the delegate from Louisiana for the purpose of offering a resolution.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, kansas 39 votes President Trump.

Unidentified: Mr. Chairman, I'm Gina Gore from Louisiana and I offer the following resolution and ask for its immediate consideration resolved that those elected at the members as the members of the Republican National Committee under the procedures of each state, American Samoa, the District of Columbia, Guam, Puerto Rico.

Unidentified: Louisiana, 47 delegates.

Unidentified: The Northern Mariana Islands and the Virgin Islands and whose names have been submitted to the Secretary of the convention are hereby declared ratified to serve as members of the Republican National Committee.

Unidentified: Madam, Secretary.

Unidentified: From the adjournment of this Republican National Committee until the Successor Committee has been ratified by the next Republican National Convention, Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time and move the previous question on the resolution.

Unidentified: I am Eric Skrmetta, Public Service Commissioner for the State of Louisiana and delegation chairman louisiana led by my friend Republican Governor Jeff Landry, home of the speaker of the House of the United States government. Mike Johnson. Yes, sir, house Majority Leader, Steve Scalise hey hey host of the 2025 Super Bowl for the NFL for the 11th time.

Michael Whatley: Without objection, the previous question is ordered. The question is on the adoption of the resolution. All those in favor signify by saying aye, all those opposed, signify by saying no, in the opinion of the chair, the ayes have it and the resolution is adopted Without objection. The motion to reconsider is laid on the table.

Unidentified: The state with the lowest utility rates in the country and becoming a center for capital investment for the United States, louisiana, the Sportsman's Paradise casts, all of its 47 delegate votes for The Bold and Brave Donald J. Trump.

Michael Whatley: The chair now recognizes the delegate from West Virginia for the purpose of offering a resolution.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, Louisiana 47 votes, President Trump, Delaware 16 delegates well aware.

Unidentified: Mr. Chairman, I'm Josh Holstein from West Virginia and I offer the following resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. Resolve that the Secretary of the convention is hereby directed to prepare and publish for the convention a full and complete report of its official proceedings under the direction of the Republican National Committee and is authorized to make all necessary clerical grammatical corrections and to make technical and Conforming amendments as necessary in reports, motions and resolutions considered by the convention to reflect its actions.

Unidentified: Madam, Secretary, my name is Julianne Murray and I am the proud state chairman of the Delaware Republican Party. Delaware is a small and mighty state, but we are the first state we are so proud of our nominee and we are going to fight to deliver Delaware to Donald J. Trump. Madam Secretary, the great state of Delaware, proudly casts all of its 16 votes for President.

Unidentified: Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time and move the previous question on the resolution.

Unidentified: Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Without objection, the previous question is ordered. The question is on the adoption of the resolution. All those in favor signify by saying aye, all those opposed, signify by saying no, in the opinion of the chair, the ayes have it and the resolution is adopted without objection. The motion to reconsider is laid on the table.

Unidentified: Fight fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight.

Unidentified: Delegates and alternates, ladies and gentlemen, I now have the distinct honor of introducing the speaker of the United States House of Representatives and the permanent chairman of the convention speaker, Mike Johnson of Louisiana. Thank you.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, Delaware 16 votes President Trump, Guam nine delegates.

Unidentified: Good afternoon, everybody. It's such an honor to be here. Before we begin, I'd like to remind the delegates.

Unidentified: Madam, chairman, I'm Felix Camacho, former governor of Guam, we send a warm half a day and seduce Marcy from the great territory of Guam, where America's Day begin tomorrow.

Mike Johnson: Of the provisions of the rules which require that each candidate for a nomination for President of the United States demonstrate sufficient support prior to the presentation of the name of the candidate for nomination. The chair wishes to inform the delegates at this time that it has been furnished in a timely manner and with evidence of sufficient support of the candidates who will be presented for President and Vice President of the United States in compliance with the rules of the convention.

Unidentified: The home of the newest Marine Corps base Camp Blaz and over 20,000 members of our armed forces: Army, Air Force, Navy, Marine Corps, Coast Guard and Space Force and over 23,000 veterans. So Madam Chair, the great territory of Guam proudly cast all nine of its votes for President, Donald J. Trump.

Mike Johnson: Also, as prescribed under the rules, the total time for nominating speeches and seconding speeches for any candidate for President or Vice President, shall not exceed 15 minutes. It has also been the custom at past conventions to permit the chair to recognize non-gaelic delegates for the purpose of making nominating speeches and seconding speeches.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, guam nine votes, President Trump, Connecticut 28 delegates.

Mike Johnson: Without objection, the reading of the roll call of states for presenting the names for candidates for nomination is dispensed with and non delegates shall be permitted to make nominating and seconding speeches at this time. The chair now recognizes the delegate from Iowa and the chairman of the Republican Party of Iowa, Jeff Kaufman for the purpose of nominating.

Unidentified: Madam, Secretary.

Mike Johnson: Please give him a warm welcome.

Unidentified: My name is Ben Proteau.

Jeff Kaufman: Good afternoon. I'm Jeff Kaufman and I'm humbled and honored to stand before all of you this afternoon. As you've just heard I come from Iowa home of the first in the nation caucus where our party's nomination process begins. Our caucus is a part of a lengthy democratic process, which everyday Americans listen to the candidates, consider what they have to say and then make a profoundly important choice.

Unidentified: And I have the honor of serving as chairman of the great state of Connecticut's Republican Party connecticut, the Constitution state, the arsenal of democracy and the home of the two time soon to be three time NCAA men's basketball, champion uConn Huskies proudly cast 28 votes for the 45th President and soon to be 47th President of the United States, Donald J. Trump.

Jeff Kaufman: On who should lead the nation that we love?

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, connecticut 28 votes President Trump.

Jeff Kaufman: Earlier this year, Iowa Republicans overwhelmingly voted for Donald Trump, then the vast majority of Republicans and primaries and caucuses across the nation seconded. Iowa's good judgment in a nominee today is the final step before Election Day in this venerable and time honored process. As we all gather here in Milwaukee, it's important for us to remember that this is a grassroots party.

Unidentified: Alaska, 29 delegates.

Jeff Kaufman: It's a party of the people, not a party of the bosses. Donald Trump has earned the trust of the people. He has listened to them and Donald Trump has kept his word over the next four days. We will hear about the many failures of the Biden-Harris administration. The sustained criticism does not proceed from a mean or narrow partizanship, but from the broad and sincere concern for the well-being and safety of our fellow Americans.

Unidentified: The Great State of Alaska pledges all of its 29 delegate votes to Donald J. Trump, the state of Alaska, the largest state in the nation, two and a half times the size of our fellow state Texas, the furthest northern state, western state and eastern state. The largest bears in the country, largest moose.

Jeff Kaufman: It's part of our service to our country. More importantly, we will also hear about Donald Trump's broad and inspiring vision for our country. This is not a program just for Republicans, but one for all Americans. It reflects the value of America. It's a program that acknowledges that our nation has seen better days.

Unidentified: Biggest military, more retired veterans per capita. Once again we pledge all of our votes, 29 delegates to Donald Trump the next President of the United States of America.

Jeff Kaufman: And we can and we will blaze a brighter future. We love America and we want to restore her security, her prosperity and her excellence. I invite all of you to join me in supporting President Donald Trump in this great endeavor. This is an endeavor. This is an endeavor that's going to make America wealthy again.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, Alaska 29 votes President Trump, Oregon 31 delegates.

Jeff Kaufman: This is an endeavor to make America safe again. This is an endeavor to make America strong again and say it with me fellow Republicans, this is an endeavor to make America great again. So here we go, it is my honor to nominate Donald J. Trump for the office of President of the United States.

Unidentified: Madam Secretary, I'm Tracy Hummel, national committeewoman for Oregon, home of Congresswoman, Lori Chavez-deremer and Congressman Cliff Bend's, home of the Beavers. Oregon is also home of the deepest lake in the country and the deepest canyon in the country. We have the third most climbed mountain in the world and were the wind sailing capital of the world.

Unidentified: Oregon is an outdoor lover's Paradise with every geographical terrain on the planet within our border. Madam Secretary, the great state of Oregon proudly casts our 31 votes for President, Donald J. Trump, who.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, Oregon 31 votes, President Trump, I love it, Mississippi, 40 delegates.

Unidentified: Thank you Madam Secretary. Governor Tate Reeves, on behalf of the great state of Mississippi, the hospitality state, the birthplace of America's music home to B.B, King, Elvis Faulkner and the best catfish in the entire world where our food is fried and our tea is sweet. We're breaking economic development and employment records daily is as common as college baseball national championship teams.

Unidentified: A Republican stronghold and a key piece of the red wall from the mighty Mississippi River to the sweet Gulf Coast and everywhere in between. I am incredibly excited and honored and proud to cast all 40 of our votes for the next President of these great United States. Donald J. Trump who?

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, mississippi 40 votes, President Trump northern Mariana Islands, nine delegates.

Unidentified: Half a de Janeiro madam Secretary, I am Irene Hall and I am the National Committeewoman and Delegation chair of the Northern Mariana Islands on behalf of the nine delegates from my beautiful Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. We are so proud to cast all of our votes for our President, Donald J.

Unidentified: Trump Woo hoo.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, northern Mariana Islands nine votes President Trump.

Unidentified: Wyoming, 29 delegates are you?

Unidentified: Madam, Chairman, I'm Wyoming Secretary of state and Wyoming delegation chairman, Chuck Ray. The Cowboy State is the energy capital of our country. We supply coal, oil and gas, soda ash, ag products for the entire world. And In Wyoming, the Cowboy State is Trump country. We've supplied the highest margin of victory for President Trump in both 2016 and 2020. And with that Wyoming, the Cowboy State casts all of its 29 delegates for President, Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, wyoming 29 votes, President Trump, Maine, 20 delegates.

Unidentified: Hi, my name is Demi Kouzounas. I'm a proud Army veteran, a dentist, a daughter of legal immigrants, a mother and grandmother and will be the next U.S. Senator from the great state of Maine. But today as chair of the Maine delegation, the largest exporter of of lobsters and blueberries, also known as Vacationland and we delivered one electoral college vote for President Trump in 16 and 20 out of all of New England.

Unidentified: We stand here proudly with my delegation of 22 cast all of our votes for the next President of the United States. Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, maine 20 votes, President Trump, Missouri 54 delegates.

Unidentified: Madam, Secretary, missouri, the Show-Me state, home of the four time Super Bowl champions, the Kansas City Chiefs home of the best United States Senators Josh Hawley and Eric Schmidt who from the great northwest of the Pony Express to the Lake of the Ozarks. Bass Pro Shop and Saint Louis Arch the Mighty Missouri is casting 54 delegates for our.

Unidentified: Favorite President and the next President of the United States, Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, Missouri 54 votes President Trump.

Unidentified: Idaho, 32 delegates.

Unidentified: I'm Dorothy Moon, chairwoman of the Idaho Republican Party and also the delegate sponsor. I'm excited to have all of the delegates behind us. All 32 votes to go toward Donald J. Trump. We are the Gem State. We are very rural. We have a lot of mountains and rivers and we also love freedom and liberty and we love a fighter.

Unidentified: And Donald Trump is a proven fighter and we want him to be our next President with our 32 delegates. We need to be with him.

Unidentified: Fight fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, Idaho 32 votes President Trump, All right, we're up illinois 64 delegates.

Unidentified: Madam Secretary, I'm Congresswoman Mary Miller, and I'm proud to represent Illinois, the land of Lincoln, the first Republican President and on behalf of parents who are horrified by Joe Biden's attack on parental rights on behalf of farmers who are being crushed by the Biden economy. On behalf of our daughters who Biden is forcing to compete against men in sports and on behalf of the victims of the Kamala Harris border crisis.

Unidentified: Madam Secretary, Madam Chairwoman, Illinois, Cass proudly cast all 64 votes for President, Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, Illinois 64 votes President Trump north Dakota.

Unidentified: 29 delegates, madam Secretary.

Unidentified: I'm North Dakota State Auditor, Josh Gallion and chair of our delegation. I'm a United States Air Force veteran. I'm here with our chairwoman, Sandi Sanford and the rest of our delegation, North Dakota. We love our farmers. We love our energy producers. We back the blue. We are very appreciative of our military installations.

Unidentified: Minot Air Force Base and Grand Forks Air Force Base, we feed the world. We fuel the world. We defend the world. North Dakota, the great state of North Dakota proudly cast all of its 29 votes for President, Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, North Dakota 29 votes, President Trump, Arizona 43 delegates.

Unidentified: Arizona needs to secure its southern border to prevent the atrocities that are happening and fix its broken election system. And that's why I shall be Bush the delegation chair and our wonderful state chairwoman, Gina Swoboda. And this entire delegation cast their 43 delegates to Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and rules and procedures of this convention, Arizona 43 votes, President Trump, New Jersey 12 delegates.

Unidentified: Madam, Secretary, I am State Senator Michael Testa from the great state, the Garden State, the state of new Jersey, a state where President Donald J. Trump has invested heavily and we think and we know that he can win new Jersey this year. Yeah, madam, Secretary, we should all be thankful right now that we are able to cast our votes for President Donald J. Trump after what took place on Saturday.

Unidentified: God bless so the state of new Jersey is extremely proud to cast all of its delegate votes for the 45th and soon to be 47th President of these United States President, Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, new Jersey 12 votes President Trump u.S. Virgin Islands for delegates.

Unidentified: Madam, Secretary, as chairman of the United States Virgin Islands, the land of welcoming people, beautiful beaches, tremendous culture and the best rum in the world proudly casts its four delegates for President, Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures, the US Virgin Islands for votes President Trump, North Carolina, north Carolina 74 delegates.

Mark Robinson: Madam, Secretary, I am Lieutenant Governor, Mark Robinson and God willing, I will be the next governor of North Carolina. Woo, North Carolina is the Tar Heel state. North Carolina is the home of the longleaf pine and North Carolina is indeed woohoo The state that is and always will be first in flight.

Mark Robinson: Mr. Chairman, on behalf of the state of North Carolina, I am directed to the state to state that the state to cast 62 votes for America's brave heart and the next President of the United States of America, Donald J. Trump for President and 12 votes in Accordance with the rules.

Unidentified: North Carolina 62 votes -- President Trump 12 votes to be cast pursuant to the rules and procedures of this convention, arkansas, yeah, 40 delegates.

Unidentified: Madam, madam Secretary, chairman; wiley, I am Joseph Wood, chairman of the Republican Party of Arkansas, the natural state, the land of opportunity, home of the 47th governor Sarah Huckabee, Sanders. Yes, also home of the National Federation of Republican Women, Julie Harris, Johnny Cash, Al Green and the little Rock nine Civil Rights movement.

Unidentified: We cast our 40 votes to continue to fight and save America with Donald J. Trump, our votes for Donald J. Trump will be sweet.

Unidentified: Arkansas 40 votes -- President Trump, Virginia, 48 delegates.

Unidentified: Woo, woo, Yeah, Woo, woo, woo woo.

Unidentified: Madam, Secretary on behalf of the great Commonwealth of Virginia, named last week by CNBC as America's top place to do Business, yeah, home to 850,000 of the greatest Americans, our military and veteran heroes home to Washington Madison Monroe, the first governor of the Commonwealth of Virginia, The voice of Liberty, Patrick Henry and home to Thomas Jefferson who penned the most immortal words that we hold these truths to be self-evident that all men are created equal that they are endowed by their creator with certain unalienable rights and among them are life liberty and the pursuit of happiness, yeah, perfect.

Unidentified: Proudly as Governor of Virginia along with our great chairman of the Republican Party of Virginia Rich Anderson, we cast our delegate votes for the next President of the United States, Donald J. Trump and his Vice President, JD Vance.

Unidentified: Yeah, pagina, Virginia.

Unidentified: Virginia 42 votes -- President Trump six votes to be cast pursuant to the rules and procedures of the convention, michigan, 55 delegates.

Unidentified: Madam, chairman, chairwoman, I rise from the great state of Michigan where the Republican Party was founded under the Oaks on July 6th, 1854. Home of the gas powered automobile, Flint Vehicle City, Motown, Michigan State University Spartans, the 2023 football national champions, Michigan Wolverines Cereal City USA.

Unidentified: The Great Lakes State and sadly the worst governor in America.

Unidentified: We -- we welcome you to the Midwest, the liberal elite call us flyover country. We're proud to be part of the so-called Blue Wall and we're going.

Unidentified: To tear down that wall to once again allow to once again elect.

Unidentified: Our 45th and 47th President, Donald J. Trump, michigan's pastor trump trump trump trump trump trump trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump.

Unidentified: All right, Michigan, 51 votes. President Trump four votes to be cast pursuant to the rules and procedures of the convention, minnesota, 39 delegates.

Unidentified: Madam Secretary, the great state of Minnesota, the battleground state of Minnesota, which will elect a Republican for President for the first time since 1972 This year. Minnesota, the first state to fight to preserve our nation in 1861 Today to preserve our nation again. We Minnesotans proudly pledge all 39 of our delegate votes for our next President, Donald J. Trump.