Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-convention-day-1-evening-hour-3-milwaukee-july-15-2024

Note: [The following was transcribed by A.I. This transcript may contain errors or mistakes. Please check against the original recording to verify any quotes.]

Bob Unanue: Goya foods grew as the Latino community flourished. The Latino community is diverse, but we are united in our values, values that include an unwavering faith in God and an abiding love of family and a fierce work ethic. We want the freedom to worship to love and to work in a way that gives us purpose, gives us a reason to get up every day.

Bob Unanue: The Biden-Harris administration disrespects our values and has abused our community. They buried our businesses with inflation and government, red tape. They even use the FBI to go after traditional Catholics as if we were terrorists they put out the welcome mat for drug cartels biden's open door policies is all the more insidious because it's couched in soft terms like compassion and sanctuary.

Bob Unanue: In reality, it is cruel joe Biden's open southern border facilitates the largest criminal enterprise in the world, which disproportionately victimizes Latinos, especially children. Last year, an HHS whistleblower testified that the United States was the middleman in a large scale child trafficking operation that has lost track of 85,000 children, a number too large for most football stadiums.

Bob Unanue: Our border czar, Kamala, Harris, that means so bad and we have enough bad, we need some good we need goodness was missing in action. Many Latinos came to America from countries where the few exploit and control the many. Today's Democratic Party sees this as their path to maintain power instead of lifting people out of poverty.

Bob Unanue: Their policies are making our lives worse for many Latinos. It's deja vu all, even though that's French. I don't know how to say that in Spanish -- I'm sorry, uh this the Cuban philosopher Jose Marti said mankind is composed of two sorts of men, those who love and create and those who hate and destroy joe Biden and his allies show contempt for anyone who disagrees With them?

Bob Unanue: Their hatred of Donald Trump knows no bounds. Their radical policies are wrecking our economy and destroying our lives. On the other hand, Donald Trump loves this country. He loves us and he knows how to build and create. He understands that lasting prosperity is built on a foundation of family faith work and freedom.

Bob Unanue: And not the quicksand of government handouts, he believes we are blessed by God and with a firm belief that with God all things are possible. He will make America great again. Love you guys, love you guys.

Note: [Music]

Unidentified: Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Governor Kristi Noem of South Dakota.

Kristi Noem: Hi, Thank you. Good evening. You all look fantastic. I love the cowboy hats and a shout out to South Dakota. Hi. Oh, listen, I'm Governor Kristi Noem from the great state of South Dakota leadership has consequences. It matters who's in the White House. Now I've been governor under both President Trump and Joe Biden and people ask me all the time.

Kristi Noem: What's the biggest difference?

Kristi Noem: And I tell them that President Trump honored the Constitution he let me do my job and he let me keep my people free now leadership on the state level, it matters to it certainly mattered in South Dakota. I am so proud to say that South Dakota's strong economy has been a beacon of freedom for America.

Kristi Noem: Most of you, most of you probably first heard about me during Covid didn't you Because South Dakota was the only state in the country that stayed open for business. We didn't mandate anything. We never ordered a single business or a church to close. I never even defined. What an essential business was because I don't believe that the government has the authority to tell you that your business isn't essential.

Kristi Noem: When other states were pushing mandates and lockdowns instead in South Dakota, we hit the gas, we embraced liberty, we told our story and we invited people to come and to enjoy our beautiful state. Now all of the things that conservatives have always talked about, we just did it and it worked, our economy took off.

Kristi Noem: And since I've been governor, we broke the national record for the lowest unemployment rate in American history at 1.8 %. In South Dakota, everybody works. We paid off state debts and bonds. We fixed dams and bridges. We built roads, we have a fully funded pension plan and a Triple-A credit rating. We broke records for surpluses and we balance our budget every single year.

Kristi Noem: And last year, last year in South Dakota, we passed the largest tax cut in South Dakota. History under my administration, incomes in our state have gone up 36 %. Women owned businesses are thriving. We also have the highest birth rate in the nation. People are having babies because they're happy. And in South Dakota, we love babies.

Kristi Noem: Our mental health challenges have gone down, our suicide rates are declining and we are the number one state in the country for a decline in overdoses because people have hope we're growing so fast that we needed more workers to catch up. So we launched the most successful workforce recruitment campaign in the history of South Dakota.

Kristi Noem: And they have come by the thousands to join us and to live with us. Do you guys remember those ads when I was a really lousy plumber and a really terrible electrician. Do you remember those? Well, since we started those ads, we have seen a 78% increase in licensed plumbers in the state of South Dakota. We've seen a 44% increase in electricians in our state.

Kristi Noem: Now people aren't moving to South Dakota for our beaches or for our beautiful January weather. They are moving to our state for opportunity and for freedom. And all of this happened because our people were bold, we took action and I was strong now South Dakota proved that freedom will make America wealthy again.

Kristi Noem: And with President Trump in the White House with Senator JD Vance by his side, we will prove it across America. Listen, two days ago the whole world changed. Evil displayed itself in the very worst way through a cowardly act, an innocent American lost his life and we will continue to lift his family up in our prayers every single day.

Kristi Noem: Prior to this week, we already knew that President Donald Trump was a fighter. He is the toughest man that I have ever met. Nobody has endured more than what he has gone through. They've attacked his reputation, they impeached him. They tried to bankrupt him and they unjustly prosecuted him, but even in the most perilous moment this week, his instinct was to stand and to fight.

Kristi Noem: Donald J. Trump is our man in the arena. He will never stop fighting for us. He will never stop and now he is bringing all of us together. Now I know that many of you are angry, but now is the time to unite and we have to get to work. We have to win the hearts and minds of every single American wake them up with truth and with wisdom.

Kristi Noem: We need to listen to them. You can't win people over by arguing with them, visit with your neighbors at your job at your church at the gas station or even at the grocery store. Listen, there are moments in our history often after great hardship and tragedy. When true leaders unite our country at one time, President Lincoln, he, united our country.

Kristi Noem: He delivered my favorite Presidential address of all time. In fact, it's the only speech or poem or song that I ever made. My kids memorize when they were young when they were little, it was the Gettysburg Address and it was delivered during our nation's bloodiest conflict. That speech, so inspired people that they continue to fight for years and they lost loved ones.

Kristi Noem: In order to preserve this union, we call the United States of America. Now at that time, President Lincoln encouraged us to take increased devotion that this nation under God shall have a new birth of freedom and that a government of the people by the people. And for the people shall not perish from this earth.

Kristi Noem: Like Lincoln in the midst of our pain and division, Donald Trump is calling us to be touched by the better angels of our nature as Paul wrote in Second, Timothy God has not given us a spirit of fear, but of power and of love and a sound Mind, we must not be afraid, even in our darkest days, we have never once given up hope.

Kristi Noem: So don't quit on America. If we lose this country, where else will we go, That provides more freedom and opportunity for our kids and our grandkids. And I've got three grandkids and I'm counting on a whole lot more. And yes, democracy can be messy, but there is a great invisible strength to a people's union.

Kristi Noem: We have shown the world that we can endure sacrifice and that we can still unite. We should still aspire to be worthy of this. Union america President, Donald J. Trump is the leader we need for such a time as this. So now I need you to get to work, get out there, go, do it, don't quit, keep fighting, keep uniting.

Kristi Noem: Keep talking to people win the hearts and minds and may, God bless you and may God continue to bless the great United States of America. Thank you.

Unidentified: Donald Trump surprise visit to a construction site, hundreds of cheering union members turned out to meet the former President was quite a scene.

Unidentified: These are hard working New Yorkers, okay, union members who have been working on this big construction site here in midtown Manhattan near Trump Tower USA.

Donald Trump: USA, I think these may be word Democrats, but for me they're a Republican. We built a lot of great buildings in this city with these people and they've given me great support. They're very, very talented people. They don't get the credit for it. They are very few people can do what they do.

Unidentified: These union workers who are here to talk to the President are paying the price of failed economic policies currently in the country.

Unidentified: And you heard in New York City chants of we want Trump. Trump, We love Trump, we love Trump, a lot of people are talking about how unusual it. Is to see so many Trump supporters in Manhattan at 4 or 5 six in the morning. Does that surprise you, No?

Donald Trump: Absolutely not.

Unidentified: President Trump is leading Joe Biden, 3 to 1 on my Presidential poll out of my 9000 members.

Unidentified: Trumps turn again, what's your message to Joe Biden, You? We're a very patriotic group and we love our country and we want the best for America.

Unidentified: Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Barbie Bobbie Bartels Jr, business manager of Steamfitters local 638.

Bobby Bartels: Good evening everyone. My name is Bobby Bartels. I'm a proud member of Steamfitters local union 638 And like many of my fellow union members, I've been a Democrat, my whole life and like so many of my fellow union members, we have come to expect empty promises from Democratic politicians in 1986. After a decade of Democratic politicians mismanagement, Central Park's iconic Wollman, Ice Rink had fallen into an unusable state of disrepair.

Bobby Bartels: Politicians made promise after promise to fix the rink and yet they did nothing. That's when Donald Trump stepped up, he wasn't mayor, he wasn't running for anything, but he was a guy who cared about people and he knew how to get a job done. He put his money and his reputation on the line and committed to getting it built.

Bobby Bartels: He did it using skilled local union labor like the men of local 638. Together, we worked tirelessly on that project, completing it on time and ensuring kids would be skating that fall on that rink. And a quick note to President Biden that involved working outside the hours of 10 a.m. and 4 p.m.. Early one hot summer morning on that job, I saw Donald Trump visiting the site.

Bobby Bartels: I yelled out he hit a bias coffee President walked right over. He wasn't President at the time, but he walked right over grinning and handed me some cash and told us it was too hot for coffee, go buy sandwiches and drinks for everyone. Now more than ever, we need a President who knows how to get things done.

Bobby Bartels: We have an open border inviting illegal immigrants to take our American jobs and lower our wages out of control. Inflation is squeezing budgets and both violent crime and drug epidemic epidemic are pushing people out of our cities all while Democrats do nothing. That's why this union union Democrat will be voting Trump along.

Bobby Bartels: So that's why this Union Democrat along with many of my local union members will be voting Trump this November so that we can take back the middle class, take back the country and rebuild the middle class that my union has helped build over so many years. God bless America. Thank you.

Unidentified: Please welcome. Congressman Byron Donalds of Florida.

Byron Donalds: Good evening, Milwaukee. You know Milwaukee, we're on live television, you got ta. Let me get to the speech now. Thank you. I'm Byron Donalds and I come from the great state of Florida and I proudly represent the people of Southwest Florida, but I was raised by a single mother in Brooklyn, New York.

Byron Donalds: Life was hard and we struggled when I was in the first grade, my mother took me out of public school because she could see that public education was failing me. I needed to be challenged and I needed the opportunity that only a private school could provide. My mother is an educator and she truly believed in my potential.

Byron Donalds: But Democrat politicians wanted to trap me in a failing school, but my mom fought for me. Mom, I just want to take this opportunity to say thank you. Thank you, mom. Words cannot describe how deeply grateful I am to be your son. When I was in the seventh grade my mom lost her job. We went on government assistance and my grandma helped us pay for private school.

Byron Donalds: My mom and my grandma sacrificed to ensure that I could build a successful future through a commitment to academic achievement and hard work. I'm standing here today as a result of their love good and safe schools and great teachers and to the teachers of America who pour your heart and your soul into your students and teach the next generation to love, honor and serve our great country.

Byron Donalds: We all say, thank you.

Byron Donalds: But what about those kids whose parents can't scrape money together for private school, Don't those kids who grew up like I grew up, deserve the same chance that I had Joe Biden and Kamala. Harris sent their kids to high priced private schools. But since they are in the pocket of the far left teachers unions, they trap poor kids like me in failing schools with no way out.

Byron Donalds: They say they're pro-choice, but not if you want a choice over what your kids are taught. Donald Trump believes every parent deserves a choice and every child deserves a chance. And in November, when Donald Trump is elected our nation's 47th President, we will make sure all America's children get that chance.

Byron Donalds: Growing up poor, I know the pain of high food prices, high energy prices and housing costs. I remember as a kid, my mom yelling at me turn off that light. You don't pay the bill. We know there's a bunch of kids in America today who are hearing that from their parents, the massive inflation created by Joe Biden and Kamala Harris has only made it worse.

Byron Donalds: During my first term in Congress, I served on the Budget Committee and the Small Business Committee. We told Joe Biden that his so-called American Rescue Plan was going to cause inflation. The Biden, Harris administration told us not to worry, but I knew better. I have nearly two decades of experience as a financial professional and the evidence is in go to any grocery store.

Byron Donalds: Buy buy eggs, buy beef, buy milk, even housing prices have skyrocketed. All Americans deserve a shot at the American dream, but under Joe Biden's debilitating economic policies for many Americans, far too many for far too many of them. That dream has slipped away. This shows that we were right that Joe Biden was wrong and that you -- the American people are paying the price.

Byron Donalds: As Americans, we've all been struggling the disastrous results of the Biden-Harris agenda, transcend race religion or income, but under President Trump. All of this will change and if there was ever a time in our nation to come together that time is now with Trump, our economy will boom again. You will have more money in your pocket again and your children will have a future again.

Byron Donalds: Together, I know we will make America wealthy again and together. America we will make America great. Again, God bless you Milwaukee, God bless the United States of America.

Note: [Music]

Unidentified: Please welcome business leader and host of the All In podcast, David Sacks.

David Sacks: Good evening, America. I'm David. Good evening America. I'm David Sacks, a legal immigrant who worked hard to achieve the American dream now. Thank you. Now I'm concerned those same opportunities won't be there for future generations. As I look out at this convention, I see a party that is strong and unified behind President Donald J. Trump.

David Sacks: And his pick for Vice President Senator JD Vance and what about the Democrats, They're in disarray after shielding President Biden from a vigorous primary and gaslighting the entire country about his fitness to serve. We still don't know which puppet Democrat party bosses will install as their nominee. But we know what their agenda will be, four more years of chaos and failure both at home and abroad.

David Sacks: In my hometown of San Francisco, Democrat rule has turned the streets of our beautiful city into a cesspool of crime, homeless, encampments and open drug use democrats led by border czar, Kamala Harris have allowed millions of illegal migrants to invade our country. They tasked Homeland Security, not with stopping the illegal aliens, but with bussing them all over our country.

David Sacks: Democrats have recklessly spent trillions of dollars of wasteful and unnecessary government programs setting off the worst inflation since Jimmy Carter. But worst of all, the Biden-Harris administration has taken a world that was at peace under President Trump and they lit it on fire. First, President Biden, botched.

David Sacks: The Afghanistan withdrawal displaying incompetence and weakness for the whole world to see.

David Sacks: Then he provoked yes, provoked the Russians to invade Ukraine with talk of NATO expansion. Afterward he rejected every opportunity for peace in Ukraine, including a deal to end the war just two months after it broke out. Now. The war is deep into its third year with no end in sight. Hundreds of thousands of people are dead.

David Sacks: Hundreds of billions of our taxpayer dollars have gone up in smoke. President Biden sold us this new forever war. By promising, it would weaken Russia and strengthen America well. How does that look today? Russia's military is bigger than before. While our own stockpiles are dangerously depleted every day, there are new calls for escalation.

David Sacks: And the world looks on in horror as Joe Biden's demented policy takes us to the brink of World War three in the Middle East. America is now losing a war with the Houthis and the administration's policy towards Gaza has been so incoherent that. The only thing that pro-Israel and pro-Palestine protesters agree on is the chant F Joe Biden.

David Sacks: Rather than bolstering confidence in American leadership as he promised, President Biden has become the symbol of an America in decline. This may be our present, but it does not have to be our future. We can replace the Biden-Harris cabal with a President who is strong and smart rather than sleepy and senile.

David Sacks: Or in her case, clueless and embarrassing a President who understands that you build the most powerful military in the world to keep America safe, not to play the world's policeman a President who is willing to talk to adversaries as well as friends. Because that is the only way to make peace, a President who will stand up to the warmongers instead of empowering them.

David Sacks: My fellow Americans, we need a leader who commands respect and demands reciprocity from other nations. We need strength and savviness in the White House Situation Room, even if the crisis hits after Biden's bedtime, we need a President who can be President and lead, not a puppet controlled by his or her staff.

David Sacks: We need order in our cities order at our border and order restored to a world on fire. My friends, we need President, Donald J. Trump back in the White House. Thank you.

Unidentified: Please welcome women's advocate, Vanessa Farah.

Vanessa Farah: Wow, you all look wonderful, beautiful from here, look at that crowd. Good evening, everyone. Good evening, America.

Vanessa Farah: My name is Vanessa Flora. I was born in Peru and my family migrated legally to the United States when I was nine years old, like millions of legal immigrants, my family didn't begin our pursuit of the American dream by breaking the law. We respected America and we wanted to earn our citizenship when we arrived in the Bronx.

Vanessa Farah: We lived on the sixth floor of a graffiti painted building.

Vanessa Farah: Both my parents worked two jobs at 18. I achieved one of my greatest aspirations. I became a United States citizen. I asked my father, which party I should join, he said that we're Hispanics we vote Democrat, but the more I learned, the more I saw that the Democratic Party didn't represent my values. Republicans did.

Vanessa Farah: I believe that the most important institution is the family that the US Constitution is the greatest document in history and that every human being born and unborn is made in the image of God, today I'm proud to be part of an organization that protects the freedoms and opportunities of women across America.

Vanessa Farah: I've had the honor of meeting thousands of moms since Biden took office. I've heard one message from mothers from all backgrounds. The cost of living is making it harder to meet basic needs.

Vanessa Farah: Moms are reaching down the bottom shelf to just save $0.35. Grandmothers who should be enjoying their golden years are working again to barely make ends meet under the Biden-Harris agenda. We're no longer living. We're surviving. It feels more and more like I'm back in Latin America under President Trump.

Vanessa Farah: Hispanics unemployment reached record lows and our income reached a record high to my fellow Hispanic Americans and to all Americans if you believe in faith family freedom financial stability join me in voting for Donald. Trump this November. Thank you, America.

Unidentified: Ladies and gentlemen, Charlie Kirk.

Charlie Kirk: Thank you everybody. Thank you. Good evening. I'm Charlie Kirk, founder of Turning Point USA and Turning Point Action together, the largest conservative grassroots organizations in the country. Thanks to our work. I talked to a lot of young people on campuses at our events on my radio show podcast and social media.

Charlie Kirk: Said differently, I visit college campuses, so you don't have to -- I hear a lot from young people about their hopes, their dreams and their fears.

Charlie Kirk: You see young people are idealists, they respond to vision for the past four years. They've seen the vision of the Biden-Harris regime. That vision is you'll own nothing and be happy. The Democrats say instead of owning a home, you'll rent a 400 square foot studio apartment instead of owning a car, you'll rent a scooter using some app.

Charlie Kirk: Their vision is this limit your dreams give up aim lower be content with less. If you're a 20 something in America, life has been really tough. You've watched home prices rise 47% since 2020, 47 %. Homeownership is now out of reach unless you make over $106,000 a year since I last spoke at the Republican convention four years ago.

Charlie Kirk: I've become a husband and father, in fact we have two under two. I think I get extra points for that. For millions of people, my age that is a dream that feels farther away than ever under the Biden-Harris administration. According to current projections. One third of today's young Americans will never get married.

Charlie Kirk: The average American is having fewer children than ever before. Why It's because for far too many, they simply can't afford them. The basic things our parents enjoyed are increasingly out of reach for Gen Z and millennials. You see the American dream has become a luxury item for the wealthy elite. Happy countries have children, broken countries, have addiction, depression and suffering.

Charlie Kirk: Democrats have given hundreds of billions of dollars to illegals and foreign nations, while Gen Z has to pinch pennies just so that they can never own a home, never marry and work until they die childless under Biden. Our young people own nothing and they are miserable. Donald Trump refuses to accept this fake pathetic mutilated version of the American dream.

Charlie Kirk: When he was President, young people were richer than ever before and he will do it again. Donald Trump is on a rescue mission to revive your birthright, one, your grandparents and those before them gave everything to hand down to you and listen carefully everybody. This is why young men are the most conservative that they have been in 50 years.

Charlie Kirk: To all the Gen Zers watching this convention on TikTok right now, I have a message just for you. You don't have to stay poor. You don't have to accept being worse off than your parents. You don't have to feel aimless and unhappy. You don't have to support leaders who lied to you and took advantage of you for your vote.

Charlie Kirk: America's future is a series of choices. Our current state of slow motion national decline is a choice this November we're going to choose success. We're going to choose to put the future of Americans first. We are going to choose to no longer be spectators. This election we together are going to do the work to save America.

Charlie Kirk: We are going to choose to work harder than ever before to chase ballots, to vote early to register new voters and all of us together working harder than ever. We will fire the Biden-Harris regime and put Donald Trump back in the White House where he belongs. God bless you guys. Thank you so much.

Donald Trump: From the very first day that we take back the White House from Crooked Joe Biden, the worst President in the history of our country, I believe that we're going to have four of the greatest years in the history of our country. I will once and for all secure our elections, we're going to go to paper ballots.

Donald Trump: We're going to have same day voting, voter ID. We're going to do it properly. We're going to have good secure, beautiful elections. We never want what happened in 2020 to happen again. But until then Republicans must win and we must use every appropriate tool available to beat. The Democrats, they are destroying our country.

Donald Trump: Whether you vote early absentee by mail or in person, we are going to protect the vote. That's the most important thing we have to do is protect the vote, keep your eyes open because these people want to cheat and they do cheat. And frankly, it's the only thing they do well, we will make sure your ballot is secure and your voice is heard.

Donald Trump: Many Republicans like to vote on Election Day and we must swamp the radical Democrats with massive turnout on Tuesday, November 5th. The way you win is to swamp them. If we swamp them, they can't cheat. It just doesn't work out. But if you can't make it, you need to make a plan, register and vote any way possible.

Donald Trump: We got to get your vote, so with your vote we will win a victory, the likes of which no one has ever seen before. We will evict Crooked Joe Biden from the White House and we will take back our country on November 5th, 2024 The most important day in the history of our country. That's what it's going to go down as thank you.

Unidentified: Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the chair of the RNC Committee on the platform United States Senator Marsha Blackburn of Tennessee.

Marsha Blackburn: Good evening and what a great evening it is.