Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-convention-day-1-afternoon-hour-2-milwaukee-july-15-2024

Mike Johnson: Amen to that, amen to that. The chair now recognizes the delegate from Nevada and the chairman of the Nevada Republican Party. Michael McDonald.

Unidentified: Good afternoon. I'm chairman, Michael J. McDonnell from the state of Nevada. It has been an honor of a lifetime to stand by President Trump's side since 2015. In Nevada, we held the first in the West caucus where we blew the Democrats narrative apart, but you cannot have voter ID that you cannot have paper ballots and you cannot have results of an election on election night.

Unidentified: In Nevada, a state that is resilient on service industry President Trump has proposed to eliminate taxes on tips on day one. Unlike the Biden-Harris administration and the Democrats that increased taxes on tips, President Trump has transformed our party to the champion of the working men and women. We fight for what's right, not for what's easy.

Unidentified: We're in a battle for the soul of our nation because we want the best future for our family and for our country. President Trump is our fearless leader who stood -- who stood, withstood the persecution of a weaponized lawfare and who has fought even harder and stronger to represent and fight for all of us. I ask all Americans to join me in taking back our nation by supporting President Trump as he leads us back to victory once again.

Unidentified: It is my honor to second the nomination of Donald J. Trump for the office of the President of the United States of America. God bless you.

Unidentified: Ladies and gentlemen, speaker, Mike Johnson.

Mike Johnson: We will now proceed with the roll call of the States as required by rule 37 of the convention rules. During the roll call, the states will be called in the order determined by the Secretary of the convention during the roll call. The chairs of each respective delegation or their designee will announce the vote of each state during the roll call of the states.

Mike Johnson: The Secretary will announce each state and that state's total number of available votes.

Mike Johnson: Additionally, the chair would like to remind all delegates that the Secretary will record delegates votes in accordance with their obligations under rule 16 of the rules of the Republican Party state law or state party rules. Regardless of the delegation's announcement, the official results from each state are those announced by the Secretary.

Mike Johnson: Lastly, just just one reminder, we want to remind all our delegates. Our alternates and guests that maintaining order during the roll call is extremely important if the convention is not in order, it's difficult for the secretary or presiding officer to hear the vote announcement. Now without objection, the complete list of votes recorded for President shall be considered as announced.

Mike Johnson: To conduct the roll call of the States, I'm pleased to announce and introduce at this time our distinguished Secretary of the convention, Vicki Drummond.

Unidentified: Delegates and alternates let us commence with the roll with the call of the roll of the States, iowa, 40 delegates.

Unidentified: Dude, you got ta do it right now.

Unidentified: Madam, madam Secretary, I speak for the delegation from the great state of Iowa, the inspiring home of Caitlin Clark and Madam Secretary. The great state of Iowa proudly cast all of its 40 votes for President, Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, iowa 4040 votes, President Trump, Nevada, 26 delegates.

Unidentified: Madam, madam Secretary, the great State of Nevada proudly cast all of its 26 votes for President, Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, Nevada 26 votes President Trump.

Unidentified: Yeah, there you go.

Unidentified: Oklahoma, 43 delegates.

Unidentified: Madam, Secretary, I am Nathan Dahm, Republican Party chairman of the great state of Oklahoma, the crossroads of our country and the first state to have a President, Donald J. Trump highway woohoo And the only state to have all 77 counties vote for President Trump. Two elections in a row with a third time coming up this November.

Unidentified: Yeah, the state of Oklahoma proudly cast all of its 43 votes for President, Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, Oklahoma 43 votes, President Trump, West Virginia 32 delegates, woo Woo.

Unidentified: Madam, chairman, on behalf of the West Virginia delegation, my name is Patrick Morrisey and I am very proud to cast all 32 votes for the mountaineers where we're always free and to cast those 32 votes for our former and future President, Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, west Virginia 32 votes President, Donald J. Trump, new Hampshire 22 delegates.

Unidentified: Madam Secretary, my name is Corey Lewandowski and I served as President Trump's campaign manager in 2016 for that historic victory. I stand before you today on behalf of the great state of New Hampshire, the Granite State, the first in the nation primary state, the state that delivered President Trump's first election victory way back in February of 2016. New Hampshire proudly cast all 22 votes for my good friend the 45th and soon to be 47th President of the United States, Donald, John Trump.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, New Hampshire 22 votes, President Trump, Nebraska, 36 delegates.

Unidentified: Woo, Madam Secretary, my name is Eric Onoda. I'm the chairman. I present the great state of Nebraska. The good life is our motto where agriculture, beef and corn is the lifeblood of our economy where our medical field and university are amongst the top in the nation. But it is our people that embody a Nebraska nice, modest lifestyle.

Unidentified: Now to announce our delegate allocation, our delegation co-chair John Tucker, madam Secretary, the great State of Nebraska proudly casts all of its 36 votes for President Trump.

Unidentified: Yes, yes, woo, woo woo.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, nebraska 36 votes President Trump, California.

Unidentified: Woo, woo, woo, woo woo.

Unidentified: California, 169 delegates.

Unidentified: California represents nearly 5.4 million registered Republicans more than any other state in the nation from its pristine beaches to its soaring mountains from expansive deserts to the redwood forests. The Golden State is responsible for securing today's GOP House majority. It will be the state responsible for returning a House majority to Washington this November, so that President Trump has a partner in Congress to support his common sense agenda with the largest delegation in the nation.

Unidentified: Madam, Secretary, the great state of California proudly casts all of its 169 votes for President Donald Trump.

Unidentified: Make us proud.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, California 169 votes, President Trump going to see 58 delegates in Tennessee, tennessee, 58 delegates.

Unidentified: Thank you, Madam. Secretary, my name is Jack Johnson. I have the honor of serving as the Republican majority leader in the Tennessee State Senate on behalf of our delegation chairman, the honorable Bill Lee, the 50th governor of the great state of Tennessee. I am happy to report that from the mighty Mississippi Graceland and Beale Street to the Grand Ole Opry to the Great Smoky Mountains, Rocky Top and Dollywood to Rock City and Lookout Mountain and Bristol Motor Speedway and all points in between.

Unidentified: We proudly cast all 58 of our votes for the next President of the United States, Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Go go go, go, go go go first.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and rules and procedures of this convention, Tennessee 58 votes, President Trump, Washington 43 delegates.

Unidentified: Madam, Secretary, washington state, the Evergreen State where the people support law enforcement by allowing them to pursue criminals where the people support families and children by putting into law a parents Bill of rights where the people reform taxes so that families and young people and small businesses Can thrive?

Unidentified: Washington state casts all of its 43 votes for the next President. The past President, Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, Washington 43 votes, President Trump, Alabama 50 delegates, woo woo.

Unidentified: Woo, Yeah, madam chair, I'm coach, Senator Tommy Tuberville and proud to represent the great state of Alabama. One of the most pro military and pro veteran states in the country. Huntsville, Alabama has sent somebody to the moon for the United States in the past. We will do it again in the very near future.

Unidentified: We stand for the flag and kneel for God.

Unidentified: Amen, madam chair.

Unidentified: We proudly cast our 50 delegates for the next President of the United States, Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, Alabama 50 votes President Trump.

Unidentified: Massachusetts, 40 delegates.

Unidentified: Madam, madam Secretary, the Great Commonwealth of Massachusetts, home of John Quincy, Adams, Samuel Adams, Patrick Henry and other great patriots who made America great, proudly cast all of its 40 votes for our next President Donald J. Trump. So together we can work to make America great again.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, Massachusetts 40 votes President Trump indiana.

Unidentified: Madam chair, I'm Jim Banks.

Unidentified: Delegates?

Jim Banks: Madam chair, I'm Jim Banks from the great state of Indiana in Indiana. We believe in the American dream. We love America and we love Donald J. Trump who as the son of a factory worker born in a trailer park, a veteran of the United States Navy who is the honor of my life on behalf of my great state, the Hoosier State to cast all 58 Votes for the greatest President of my lifetime and my friend Donald Trump.

Jim Banks: Thank you.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, indiana 58 votes President Trump, Georgia 50, 59 delegates.

Unidentified: Madam Secretary, I'm Josh McCown, chairman of the Georgia Republican Party georgia, the Empire state of the South georgia, the number one state to do business in the United States of America. On November 5th. The Peach State will send 16 electoral votes for the once and future President. Of the United States, Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: And today we proudly cast all 59 votes for President, Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, Georgia 59 votes, President Trump, Utah, 40 delegates.

Mike Lee: Madam, Secretary, my name is Mike Lee. I'm a US Senator representing Utah. Utah is a place where we have big families, big hearts and big ideas. It's a place where we love freedom. We love the Constitution and we despise tyranny in Utah.

Unidentified: From the Red Rocks to the snow capped mountains with the greatest snow on Earth. We know what heaven on earth looks like. Utah. The 45th state admitted to the Union today proudly casts all of its 40 delegate votes for President, Donald J. Trump and his newly announced running mate, my friend and colleague. JD Vance.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and rules and procedures of this convention, utah 40 votes, President Trump, Maryland, 37 delegates.

David Bossie: Madam, Secretary. My name is David Bossie. Maryland, the old Line state the seventh State To enter The union known for the amazing Chesapeake Bay and blue crab and the United States Naval Academy, the home of Fort McHenry, the historic site of that inspired the Star Spangled Banner and the home of the next United States Senator from Maryland, Larry Hogan, maryland.

David Bossie: The proudly cast our 37 votes for my friend the 45th and 47th President of the United States, John Donald, John Trump.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, maryland 37 votes President Trump, Texas.

Unidentified: Madam, Secretary, all right, I'm Abraham Joy, chairman of Republican Party of Texas, not only Texas is the economic powerhouse of America where we back our police officers back our oil and gas workers and back our men and women in uniform, not only taxes create more jobs, private Jobs every month than Joe Biden could ever dream when he's sleeping at 8:00. Not only we are a state where no Democrat has won a single statewide office since 1992. Behalf behalf of our great governor, Greg Abbott, our Lieutenant Governor, Dan Patrick and our attorney General, Ken Paxton.

Unidentified: And the Republican Party of Texas and our entire delegation, we cast all 161 of our delegates for the 45th and the 47th President, Donald J. Trump thank you and God bless you and God bless Texas.

Unidentified: Pursuant pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, texas 161 votes, President Trump, Bernie iowa, 79 delegates.

Alex Triantafilou: Madam Secretary, Alex Triantafilou, Chairman of the Ohio Republican Party woo woo woo I stand here today with my friend Bernie Moreno, who's going to retire forever politician, Sherrod Brown and deliver a win to the United States Senate. We proudly cast our 79 votes for President, Donald J. Trump and JD Vance.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, Iowa 79 votes President Trump, American Samoa nine delegates.

Unidentified: Talofa talofa, american Samoa where our motto is God and more boldly to our God is first. Therefore Madam Secretary Americans are more proudly and with all our hearts cast our vote in favor of our next President, Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: American Samoa dolomite, dolomite. Hey, hey, hey.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, american Samoa nine votes President Trump, Wisconsin 41 delegates.

Unidentified: Madam, Secretary on behalf of the Wisconsin delegation, we welcome everyone here to this 23rd some place we call home where 170 years ago this great party was founded down the road in Ripon, Wisconsin in a little white schoolhouse. Madam, Secretary, the great state of Wisconsin proudly casts all of its 41 votes for Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation in rules and procedures of this convention, Wisconsin 41 votes President Trump new York.

Unidentified: 91 votes woo Trump trump, trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump trump trump Trump trump Trump Trump Trump President, Donald J.

Unidentified: Trump will always be a New Yorker and New York will always.

Unidentified: Love President, Donald J. Trump, we believe that President Donald J.

Unidentified: Trump will be the first Republican in a generation who will win New York State, yes.

Unidentified: It is my honor. As Representative for New York's 21st Congressional District house Republican Conference Chair on behalf of the 91 New York delegates to the Republican National Convention, we proudly cast all 91 votes for President, Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Woo woo Trump trump, trump trump trump.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, New York 91 votes President Trump, Florida, florida 125 delegates.

Unidentified: Madam, Secretary and everybody in this great city on behalf of our entire family and on behalf of the 125 delegates in the unbelievable state of Florida, we hereby nominate every single one of them for the greatest President that's ever lived and that's Donald J. Trump hereby declaring Him the Republican nominee for President of the United States of America.

Unidentified: Cluck cluck cluck cluck cluck cluck cluck cluck personnel.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, florida 125 votes President Trump.

Unidentified: We celebrate good times come on, set a pretty good time come on. There's a party going on right here, a celebration to last about a year, so bring your good times and your laughter too, we gonna celebrate your party with you come on the celebration. We gonna celebrate and have a good time celebration.

Unidentified: Let's all celebrate and have a good time.

Unidentified: We will now continue -- we will now continue with the roll call of the states, Puerto Rico, 23 delegates.

Unidentified: Madam, chairman, I'm Angel Cintron state chairman for the Republican Party of Puerto Rico, the great 51st Republican State of the Union, Puerto Rico, the Shining Star of the Caribbean brothers and Sisters of Florida, Texas, California, New York and all the state proudly casts all of our 23 Votes for our next President of the United States, Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, Puerto Rico 23 votes, Donald Trump -- President Trump kentucky 46 delegates.

Unidentified: Oh, Madam, chairman?

Unidentified: Madam, chairman, the Commonwealth of Kentucky proudly cast 46 votes for the next President, Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, Kentucky 46 votes, President Trump, Hawaii 19 delegates.

Unidentified: Aloha mai Kakou, we are the delegation from the beautiful state of Hawaii. Yes, we carry with us the traditions of the father of the Hawaii Republican Party, Prince Kuhio, Kalanianaole Piikoi and we carry his sentiment when he said we are Republicans from the top of our heads to the bottom of our feet. Madam, Secretary, the great State of Hawaii pledges all 19 votes for the future President of the United States, Donald J. Trump, who.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules of procedures of this convention, Hawaii 19 votes, President Trump, Kansas 39 delegates, yes.

Unidentified: I am Mike Brown, chairman of the Republican Party of Kansas, the heartland of America and the breadbasket of the world. Also the aviation capital of the world and the home state of Bob Dole and Dwight D Eisenhower. Madam chair, the great state of Kansas proudly cast all 39 of its votes for the man Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Fight fight, fight, fight, fight.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, kansas 39 votes President Trump.

Unidentified: Louisiana, 47 delegates.

Unidentified: Madam, Secretary.

Unidentified: I am Eric Skrmetta, Public Service Commissioner for the State of Louisiana and delegation chairman louisiana led by my friend Republican Governor Jeff Landry, home of the speaker of the House of the United States government. Mike Johnson. Yes, sir, house Majority Leader, Steve Scalise hey hey host of the 2025 Super Bowl for the NFL for the 11th time.

Unidentified: The state with the lowest utility rates in the country and becoming a center for capital investment for the United States, louisiana, the Sportsman's Paradise casts, all of its 47 delegate votes for The Bold and Brave Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, Louisiana 47 votes, President Trump, Delaware 16 delegates well aware.

Unidentified: Madam, Secretary, my name is Julianne Murray and I am the proud state chairman of the Delaware Republican Party. Delaware is a small and mighty state, but we are the first state we are so proud of our nominee and we are going to fight to deliver Delaware to Donald J. Trump. Madam Secretary, the great state of Delaware, proudly casts all of its 16 votes for President.

Unidentified: Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Fight fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, Delaware 16 votes President Trump, Guam nine delegates.

Unidentified: Madam, chairman, I'm Felix Camacho, former governor of Guam, we send a warm half a day and seduce Marcy from the great territory of Guam, where America's Day begin tomorrow.

Unidentified: The home of the newest Marine Corps base Camp Blaz and over 20,000 members of our armed forces: Army, Air Force, Navy, Marine Corps, Coast Guard and Space Force and over 23,000 veterans. So Madam Chair, the great territory of Guam proudly cast all nine of its votes for President, Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, guam nine votes, President Trump, Connecticut 28 delegates.

Unidentified: Madam, Secretary.

Unidentified: My name is Ben Proteau.

Unidentified: And I have the honor of serving as chairman of the great state of Connecticut's Republican Party connecticut, the Constitution state, the arsenal of democracy and the home of the two time soon to be three time NCAA men's basketball, champion uConn Huskies proudly cast 28 votes for the 45th President and soon to be 47th President of the United States, Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, connecticut 28 votes President Trump.

Unidentified: Alaska, 29 delegates.

Unidentified: The Great State of Alaska pledges all of its 29 delegate votes to Donald J. Trump, the state of Alaska, the largest state in the nation, two and a half times the size of our fellow state Texas, the furthest northern state, western state and eastern state. The largest bears in the country, largest moose.

Unidentified: Biggest military, more retired veterans per capita. Once again we pledge all of our votes, 29 delegates to Donald Trump the next President of the United States of America.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, Alaska 29 votes President Trump, Oregon 31 delegates.

Unidentified: Madam Secretary, I'm Tracy Hummel, national committeewoman for Oregon, home of Congresswoman, Lori Chavez-deremer and Congressman Cliff Bend's, home of the Beavers. Oregon is also home of the deepest lake in the country and the deepest canyon in the country. We have the third most climbed mountain in the world and were the wind sailing capital of the world.

Unidentified: Oregon is an outdoor lover's Paradise with every geographical terrain on the planet within our border. Madam Secretary, the great state of Oregon proudly casts our 31 votes for President, Donald J. Trump, who.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, Oregon 31 votes, President Trump, I love it, Mississippi, 40 delegates.

Unidentified: Thank you Madam Secretary. Governor Tate Reeves, on behalf of the great state of Mississippi, the hospitality state, the birthplace of America's music home to B.B, King, Elvis Faulkner and the best catfish in the entire world where our food is fried and our tea is sweet. We're breaking economic development and employment records daily is as common as college baseball national championship teams.

Unidentified: A Republican stronghold and a key piece of the red wall from the mighty Mississippi River to the sweet Gulf Coast and everywhere in between. I am incredibly excited and honored and proud to cast all 40 of our votes for the next President of these great United States. Donald J. Trump who?

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, mississippi 40 votes, President Trump northern Mariana Islands, nine delegates.

Unidentified: Half a de Janeiro madam Secretary, I am Irene Hall and I am the National Committeewoman and Delegation chair of the Northern Mariana Islands on behalf of the nine delegates from my beautiful Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. We are so proud to cast all of our votes for our President, Donald J.

Unidentified: Trump Woo hoo.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, northern Mariana Islands nine votes President Trump.

Unidentified: Wyoming, 29 delegates are you?

Unidentified: Madam, Chairman, I'm Wyoming Secretary of state and Wyoming delegation chairman, Chuck Ray. The Cowboy State is the energy capital of our country. We supply coal, oil and gas, soda ash, ag products for the entire world. And In Wyoming, the Cowboy State is Trump country. We've supplied the highest margin of victory for President Trump in both 2016 and 2020. And with that Wyoming, the Cowboy State casts all of its 29 delegates for President, Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, wyoming 29 votes, President Trump, Maine, 20 delegates.

Unidentified: Hi, my name is Demi Kouzounas. I'm a proud Army veteran, a dentist, a daughter of legal immigrants, a mother and grandmother and will be the next U.S. Senator from the great state of Maine. But today as chair of the Maine delegation, the largest exporter of of lobsters and blueberries, also known as Vacationland and we delivered one electoral college vote for President Trump in 16 and 20 out of all of New England.

Unidentified: We stand here proudly with my delegation of 22 cast all of our votes for the next President of the United States. Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, maine 20 votes, President Trump, Missouri 54 delegates.

Unidentified: Madam, Secretary, missouri, the Show-Me state, home of the four time Super Bowl champions, the Kansas City Chiefs home of the best United States Senators Josh Hawley and Eric Schmidt who from the great northwest of the Pony Express to the Lake of the Ozarks. Bass Pro Shop and Saint Louis Arch the Mighty Missouri is casting 54 delegates for our.

Unidentified: Favorite President and the next President of the United States, Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, Missouri 54 votes President Trump.

Unidentified: Idaho, 32 delegates.

Unidentified: I'm Dorothy Moon, chairwoman of the Idaho Republican Party and also the delegate sponsor. I'm excited to have all of the delegates behind us. All 32 votes to go toward Donald J. Trump. We are the Gem State. We are very rural. We have a lot of mountains and rivers and we also love freedom and liberty and we love a fighter.

Unidentified: And Donald Trump is a proven fighter and we want him to be our next President with our 32 delegates. We need to be with him.

Unidentified: Fight fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, Idaho 32 votes President Trump, All right, we're up illinois 64 delegates.

Unidentified: Madam Secretary, I'm Congresswoman Mary Miller, and I'm proud to represent Illinois, the land of Lincoln, the first Republican President and on behalf of parents who are horrified by Joe Biden's attack on parental rights on behalf of farmers who are being crushed by the Biden economy. On behalf of our daughters who Biden is forcing to compete against men in sports and on behalf of the victims of the Kamala Harris border crisis.

Unidentified: Madam Secretary, Madam Chairwoman, Illinois, Cass proudly cast all 64 votes for President, Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, Illinois 64 votes President Trump north Dakota.

Unidentified: 29 delegates, madam Secretary.

Unidentified: I'm North Dakota State Auditor, Josh Gallion and chair of our delegation. I'm a United States Air Force veteran. I'm here with our chairwoman, Sandi Sanford and the rest of our delegation, North Dakota. We love our farmers. We love our energy producers. We back the blue. We are very appreciative of our military installations.

Unidentified: Minot Air Force Base and Grand Forks Air Force Base, we feed the world. We fuel the world. We defend the world. North Dakota, the great state of North Dakota proudly cast all of its 29 votes for President, Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, North Dakota 29 votes, President Trump, Arizona 43 delegates.

Unidentified: Arizona needs to secure its southern border to prevent the atrocities that are happening and fix its broken election system. And that's why I shall be Bush the delegation chair and our wonderful state chairwoman, Gina Swoboda. And this entire delegation cast their 43 delegates to Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and rules and procedures of this convention, Arizona 43 votes, President Trump, New Jersey 12 delegates.

Unidentified: Madam, Secretary, I am State Senator Michael Testa from the great state, the Garden State, the state of new Jersey, a state where President Donald J. Trump has invested heavily and we think and we know that he can win new Jersey this year. Yeah, madam, Secretary, we should all be thankful right now that we are able to cast our votes for President Donald J. Trump after what took place on Saturday.

Unidentified: God bless so the state of new Jersey is extremely proud to cast all of its delegate votes for the 45th and soon to be 47th President of these United States President, Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, new Jersey 12 votes President Trump u.S. Virgin Islands for delegates.

Unidentified: Madam, Secretary, as chairman of the United States Virgin Islands, the land of welcoming people, beautiful beaches, tremendous culture and the best rum in the world proudly casts its four delegates for President, Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures, the US Virgin Islands for votes President Trump, North Carolina, north Carolina 74 delegates.

Mark Robinson: Madam, Secretary, I am Lieutenant Governor, Mark Robinson and God willing, I will be the next governor of North Carolina. Woo, North Carolina is the Tar Heel state. North Carolina is the home of the longleaf pine and North Carolina is indeed woohoo The state that is and always will be first in flight.

Mark Robinson: Mr. Chairman, on behalf of the state of North Carolina, I am directed to the state to state that the state to cast 62 votes for America's brave heart and the next President of the United States of America, Donald J. Trump for President and 12 votes in Accordance with the rules.

Unidentified: North Carolina 62 votes -- President Trump 12 votes to be cast pursuant to the rules and procedures of this convention, arkansas, yeah, 40 delegates.

Unidentified: Madam, madam Secretary, chairman; wiley, I am Joseph Wood, chairman of the Republican Party of Arkansas, the natural state, the land of opportunity, home of the 47th governor Sarah Huckabee, Sanders. Yes, also home of the National Federation of Republican Women, Julie Harris, Johnny Cash, Al Green and the little Rock nine Civil Rights movement.

Unidentified: We cast our 40 votes to continue to fight and save America with Donald J. Trump, our votes for Donald J. Trump will be sweet.

Unidentified: Arkansas 40 votes -- President Trump, Virginia, 48 delegates.

Unidentified: Woo, woo, Yeah, Woo, woo, woo woo.

Unidentified: Madam, Secretary on behalf of the great Commonwealth of Virginia, named last week by CNBC as America's top place to do Business, yeah, home to 850,000 of the greatest Americans, our military and veteran heroes home to Washington Madison Monroe, the first governor of the Commonwealth of Virginia, The voice of Liberty, Patrick Henry and home to Thomas Jefferson who penned the most immortal words that we hold these truths to be self-evident that all men are created equal that they are endowed by their creator with certain unalienable rights and among them are life liberty and the pursuit of happiness, yeah, perfect.

Unidentified: Proudly as Governor of Virginia along with our great chairman of the Republican Party of Virginia Rich Anderson, we cast our delegate votes for the next President of the United States, Donald J. Trump and his Vice President, JD Vance.

Unidentified: Yeah, pagina, Virginia.

Unidentified: Virginia 42 votes -- President Trump six votes to be cast pursuant to the rules and procedures of the convention, michigan, 55 delegates.

Unidentified: Madam, chairman, chairwoman, I rise from the great state of Michigan where the Republican Party was founded under the Oaks on July 6th, 1854. Home of the gas powered automobile, Flint Vehicle City, Motown, Michigan State University Spartans, the 2023 football national champions, Michigan Wolverines Cereal City USA.

Unidentified: The Great Lakes State and sadly the worst governor in America.

Unidentified: We -- we welcome you to the Midwest, the liberal elite call us flyover country. We're proud to be part of the so-called Blue Wall and we're going.

Unidentified: To tear down that wall to once again allow to once again elect.

Unidentified: Our 45th and 47th President, Donald J. Trump, michigan's pastor trump trump trump trump trump trump trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump.

Unidentified: All right, Michigan, 51 votes. President Trump four votes to be cast pursuant to the rules and procedures of the convention, minnesota, 39 delegates.

Unidentified: Madam Secretary, the great state of Minnesota, the battleground state of Minnesota, which will elect a Republican for President for the first time since 1972 This year. Minnesota, the first state to fight to preserve our nation in 1861 Today to preserve our nation again. We Minnesotans proudly pledge all 39 of our delegate votes for our next President, Donald J. Trump.