Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-convention-day-1-afternoon-hour-3-milwaukee-july-15-2024

Note: [The following was transcribed by A.I. This transcript may contain errors or mistakes. Please check against the original recording to verify any quotes.]

Unidentified: Now Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, minnesota 39 votes President Trump, Colorado 37 delegates.

Unidentified: Madam, Madam Secretary on behalf of the Colorado Republican Party and the great state State of Colorado, the Centennial State home of the US Air Force Academy and Space Command along with the best Rocky Mountain peaks and powder skiing in the world. I have the honor of announcing that our delegation with unity and purpose while responding to our President's call to fight fight fight unanimously votes for the 45th and soon to be 47th President of the United States, Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Trump for God's sake Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and rules and procedures of this convention, Colorado 37 votes President Trump rhode Island 19 delegates.

Unidentified: Madam Secretary, the Ocean State, where almost 90 years of democratic control has led to the industrial vandalism of our ocean wind turbines and our ocean are killing our fishing industry and marine life, which has led to all pain and no gain. We were the first state to declare our independence from Britain and the last state to ratify the Constitution Because we believe in states rights.

Unidentified: We are home to the independent man who wonders what happened to that independent freedom of religion spirit that Roger Williams brought into Rhode Island.

Unidentified: Let's bring back the spirit and soul of America with patriotism and intelligence rather than blind ambitious power. Madam Secretary, the great State of Rhode Island.

Unidentified: Proudly cast all 19 votes for Donald J. Trump woo woo woo woo woo.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, rhode, Rhode Island 19 votes President Trump, Pennsylvania, 67 delegates.

Unidentified: Madam Secretary, the great Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and its phenomenal delegation behind me, the birthplace of our nation and Constitution and independent Independence Hall proudly cast all of its 67 votes for the bravest man in America. Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the delegate and the rules and procedures of this convention, Pennsylvania 67 votes, President Trump, south Dakota, 29 delegates.

Unidentified: Madam Secretary, I'm Larry Rhoden, lieutenant governor of the great state of South Dakota. I'm proud to speak on behalf of myself and Governor Noem and our delegation. We represent the freest state in a nation built on the principles of freedom on behalf of South Dakotas. I wanted to say one thing, President Trump helped bring fireworks back to our Mount Rushmore.

Unidentified: That monument honors four of our greatest Presidents and I believe there's room for one more woo Just saying on behalf of South Dakota's 29 delegates, I proudly cast all our votes for President, Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: South Dakota 28 votes -- President Trump, new Mexico, 22 delegates.

Unidentified: Madam Secretary, I'm Jim Townsend, national committeeman from New Mexico joined with Tina Zuke, national committeewoman for New Mexico and the delegation from New Mexico. New Mexico is known as the Land of Enchantment. We remember well when our citizens flourished and jobs were always available. Madam, Secretary, we remember when the courts and our country were known for being fair and our borders were secure.

Unidentified: Madam, Secretary, we also remember who was responsible for that and who worked hard for America. That's why today New Mexico casts all 22 votes for the next President of the United States. Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, new Mexico 22 votes, President Trump, Montana 31 delegates.

Unidentified: Madam, Secretary, Montana is big sky country abundant with God's blessings. Montana is the most patriotic.

Unidentified: State in the USA, Montana is debt free.

Unidentified: And sanctuary city free as Secretary of State, along with all the delegates from Montana, we stand with a leader who has reshaped American politics and reinvigorated our spirit as a nation. He delivered on his promises record job growth, historic tax cuts, securing our border and protecting our Second Amendment.

Unidentified: It is our honor to cast 31 votes for our next President, Donald J. Trump woo.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, montana 31 votes, President Trump, south Carolina 50 delegates.

Unidentified: Madam, Secretary, I'm Henry McMaster proud, happy governor of the state of South Carolina, lucky husband of First Lady. Peggy Jean Maccabe McMaster, great state of South Carolina, the Palmetto State from the mountains to the sea where we've been fighting for liberty since 1670 where the Revolutionary War was won.

Unidentified: Where in 2016, Donald Trump won his first primary victory ever, ushering in the Trump era of American history. The great state of South Carolina proudly casts all 50 of its votes for President, Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, south Carolina 50 votes President Trump vermont 17 delegates.

Unidentified: Vermont, madam Secretary thank you. My name is Gerald Malloy. I am a proud Vermonter, a Vermont delegate and a veteran. I am also the Vermont Republican Party nominee for the United States Senate and I'm the guy that's going to retire. Bernie Sanders. Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, vermont is the Green Mountain State.

Unidentified: It's the 14th star, a long history of -- of leadership and innovation for the United States. Ethan Allen, John Deere, President, Calvin Coolidge, our motto is freedom and unity. Unfortunately right now we've got a problem with unity and division in the United States. There's one man that's going to reunite our country and make America great again.

Unidentified: It's Donald Trump 45th and 47th President, Mr. chairman. The great state of Vermont proudly casts all of its 17 votes for Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Here we go pursuant to the announcement of the delegation and the rules and procedures of this convention, Vermont 17 votes, President Trump district of Columbia, 19 delegates.

Unidentified: Madam, Secretary, on behalf of the District of Columbia, I am directed by that district to cast its 19 votes for President in accordance with the rules.

Unidentified: District of Columbia 19 votes to be cast pursuant to the rules and procedures of the convention. Thank you delegates.

Unidentified: Everyone's so confused now, I know.

Unidentified: Ladies and gentlemen, Speaker Johnson.

Mike Johnson: All right, the chair is prepared to announce the results. The following candidate received the following votes, 2387 votes for President Donald J. Trump, let's make it official. Accordingly. The chair announces that President Donald J. Trump having received a majority of the votes entitled to be cast at the convention has been selected as the Republican Party nominee for President of the United States.

Mike Johnson: The chair is pleased to appoint the following to serve as the escort committee for President Donald J. Trump, Eric trump, Donald Trump Jr., Tiffany Trump, Ivanka trump and Barron Trump. Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, it is now my honor to introduce the Attorney General and there goes the teleprompter.

Unidentified: I, President, Donald J. Trump gave us the most secure and prosperous economy in the US history. Unemployment hit record lows, 7 million new jobs created. Under his leadership, the stock market hit record highs over and over again. Americans household net worth soared trillions of dollars higher than ever before and job killing pacts like NAFTA canceled and replaced by the greatest deal maker alive today.

Unidentified: President Trump made our economy great once he's ready to do it again.

Newt Gingrich: I'm Newt Gingrich and I'm here with the Republican National Convention and I'm asking you to help President Donald Trump win the white House and kick Joe Biden out of there. If you'll send whatever you can afford to 88022I, believe you will be key in helping defeat Joe Biden.

Unidentified: Our southern border in crisis enemies of America, pouring in your family at risk working families struggling to pay the rent, buy groceries pay for gas, yet Washington is paralyzed, but this week at the convention in Milwaukee, Republicans are developing a plan to end inflation, secure the border Make groceries and life affordable again to right the wrongs of the last four years.

Unidentified: Tune in to watch the plan unfold.

Mike Pompeo: This is Mike Pompeo and I'm humbly asking President Trump's strongest supporters to help chip in chip in directly to help reelect him this November. It's not far off. If every person watching this text donate to 88022 and gives just $5. I know he'll defeat Joe Biden or whoever they put up, help President Trump win today with your support.

Mike Pompeo: We'll make America great again.

Note: [Music]

Donald Trump: Today, I'm joining RNC Co-Chair Lara Trump to humbly ask if you could chip in five, ten or $25 Grassroots supporters like you keep this campaign alive. A gift of just $5 could make the difference between victory and defeat in November. Please chip in any amount. I know with your support right now, we will make America great again.

Unidentified: Our southern border in crisis enemies of America, pouring in your family at risk working families struggling to pay the rent, buy groceries pay for gas, yet Washington is paralyzed, but this week at the convention in Milwaukee, Republicans are developing a plan to end inflation, secure the border Make groceries and life affordable again to right the wrongs of the last four years.

Unidentified: Tune in to watch the plan unfold.

Eric Trump: Hi, everyone. Eric Trump, I'm so honored to be here. I'm so honored to be a delegate. I am so honored to be speaking at this convention for a third time. We're going to send my father back to the white House. We are going to win on November 5th, but I ask one thing of each and every one of you text donate to 88022, Anything helps.

Eric Trump: Even a dollar helps tremendously. We're going to win in November. We're going to make America great again. We're going to make our country strong again and I'm so proud to be here with each and every one of you. Thank you.

Mike Johnson: All right, ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience. It is now my honor to introduce the attorney general of Iowa Brenna Bird. Please join me in giving her a warm welcome.

Brenna Bird: Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman. Ladies and gentlemen, it is now time for us to determine our nominee for the office of Vice President.