Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-convention-day-1-evening-hour-4-milwaukee-july-15-2024

Note: [The following was transcribed by A.I. This transcript may contain errors or mistakes. Please check against the original recording to verify any quotes.]

Marsha Blackburn: I am Marsha Blackburn from the great state of Tennessee and yes, last week I did have the honor of chairing the Republican Platform Committee. We produced a different kind of platform, one that is dedicated to the forgotten men and women of America, people like Brad Bordeaux, a small businessman from White Bluff, Tennessee.

Marsha Blackburn: Brad leads Bordeaux medals by the end of the Obama, Biden administration, high taxes, massive government spending and overregulation almost put him out of business. But things changed when we elected Donald Trump, thanks to President Trump's tax and regulation cuts, Brad and those that worked for him prospered.

Marsha Blackburn: He hired new workers, expanded the business life was good and getting better, but Biden, Nomics was a four letter word for Bordeaux medals, joe Biden, Kamala Harris. Their high inflation, high interest, high taxes and green new scam are destroying small businesses. Biden and Harris outsourced our energy supply driving electricity prices up over 29 %. The day Joe and Kamala walked into office gas Gas was 240 a gallon.

Marsha Blackburn: Today it is $3.54. Our platform says we will make America energy dominant. You know and let me hear you now, you know who will make that happen. Donald Trump, joe Biden and Kamala Harris also think that small business owners are wealthy and they should pay their fair share. We all know that's the left wing code for you got to pay more taxes.

Marsha Blackburn: Well in Tennessee, I led the fight against a proposed state income tax. We killed that thing. We are income tax free in Tennessee. So when Donald Trump was President, I helped him spread economic prosperity with the largest tax cut in American history. Now President Trump will make those tax cuts permanent.

Marsha Blackburn: But if -- if Joe and Kamala are reelected, they say they're going to let them expire. That will be the biggest tax increase in American history. Our party's platform commits to making the Trump tax cuts permanent. And you know, you know, who will return us to an era of prosperity. Donald Trump. Now Joe and Kamala, bless their hearts, they couldn't help themselves.

Marsha Blackburn: They hired 85,000 new IRS agents to harass hard working Americans. IRS penalties have surged 300 %. And they're not on big corporations. They're on gig workers, freelancers, small business owners and the self-employed. Let me ask you a question.

Marsha Blackburn: Who is going to look at those 85,000 IRS agents and say you're fired Donald Trump Under Biden and Harris people are also crushed by more regulations than at any time since Jimmy Carter, their regulations aren't just burdensome, often. They include racist Dei requirements. Many small businesses are going bankrupt.

Marsha Blackburn: Some are throwing up their hands in disgust, our party's platform pledges seven times to cut regulations that are killing jobs and costing you thousands of dollars. Now you know who will slash that red tape and return this country to economic greatness. Donald Trump, the harmful Biden-Harris policies are why so many small business owners like Shayna Gray?

Marsha Blackburn: She is a black female owner of Gray Jet Cafe right here in Milwaukee. She voted for Biden in 2020 and in 24. She is voting for President Donald Trump. Our platform is a promise to people like Shayna, people like Brad and President Trump will keep his promises. Just like he did the first time, so I've got one more question for you.

Marsha Blackburn: Who should be the next President of the United States, Donald Trump, God bless you, protect you and God bless and protect the United States.

Note: [Music]

Lee Greenwood: Hello, RNC, Is there any doubt who's going to be the next President of the United States Prayer works this nation based on faith.

Lee Greenwood: Prayer works because he was sure as Donald Trump turned his head just slightly that the bullet missed him just enough to save his life to be the next President of the United States we have believed for so long that God will make some changes in this country and he's about to make a change in the current administration and send them home.

Lee Greenwood: Thank you everybody for being here tonight. Tonight. We make the decision on what's right for America, more prosperity, less gas prices, less food prices help for our veterans and God bless our military wherever they are in these United States and abroad.

Lee Greenwood: There would be no war. Ladies and gentlemen, President Trump please welcome the next President of the United States, Donald J. Trump

Note: [Music]

Lee Greenwood: We are here tonight at one purpose and that is to elect Donald J. Trump as the next President of the United States. He's here tonight to show his courage, his defiance against somebody who tried to kill him, you will not take this man down. He has the courage, the strength and he will be the next President of the United States.

Lee Greenwood: From the lakes in Minnesota to the hills of Tennessee, across the plains of Texas from sea to shining sea, ladies and gentlemen, the 45th President of the United States and soon to be the 47th President of the United States, please welcome Donald J. Trump.

Note: [Music]

Unidentified: Please welcome Mark Laws from Cedar Springs, Michigan.

Mark Laws: Good evening. I'm Mark Laws and I live in western Michigan. I'm not a Senator or a governor or some other politician, but I'm just a regular guy. But to my kids and my grandkids who call me Peppa, I'm the guy I live on a fixed income. So I'm not one of the people that watch their portfolios, no in the big boy economy.

Mark Laws: I just worry about getting through the day.

Mark Laws: But I'm fortunate because I don't have a mortgage, if I did, I'm really not sure how I'd make it. The big boy job inflation has turned our dollars into nickels and in Michigan. We got 180,000 plus people that are in tax lien foreclosure right now. So even though I don't have a mortgage, I could -- I still got to pay the government to rent my house.

Mark Laws: And if I don't, they take it away when I'm asked how I'm doing, I answer. Honestly, I say I'm doing okay, but don't you remember under President Trump, we didn't have to settle for just okay, we were doing great. I've wanted to make some improvements to my home, but with inflation and the price of materials, that's not possible.

Mark Laws: So I don't want to go into debt, so I just put it off. I'd also like to spoil my grandkids with some great people, unique gifts for their birthdays. But with the price of gas and groceries, I don't do that. I settle for cake and ice cream prices keep going up, but my income stays the same. I just keep putting things off hoping that I'll be able to afford them again someday.

Mark Laws: It's got me thinking, I've been hoping for better days, but life is happening right now and we can't waste any more time on the big boy, Joe, terrible economic policies. We need to bring Donald Trump back right now. We need to know and share the 20 promises that Donald Trump has made. We need to get involved with the -- the -- the Trump 47 And you remember ballots when elections.

Mark Laws: So that's the best way to do it. I know a lot of folks just kind of tune the politics out, but we really can't afford to anymore because we're not living in the same country that we grew up in cutesy time is over. We need -- we need to all of us put our shoulder to the wheel and push along and get Mr. Trump, Donald Trump to be number 47 again.

Mark Laws: Thank you and God bless America.

Unidentified: Bidenomics doesn't just have seniors worried it has them scared to death. Biden's inflation has retirees at risk of running out of money. The cost of groceries is forcing many seniors to choose between food and their prescriptions. Their Social Security isn't keeping up with inflation and thanks to Biden and Harris's open border disaster allowing over 10 million illegals in the whole Social Security system is at risk.

Unidentified: And now many seniors are also struggling to afford their housing. It's no wonder one advocacy group calls this Biden's war on seniors President Trump has seniors backs, he got seniors, Medicare Advantage, premiums cut 34% And he'll fix Biden's broken economy and get inflation down just like he did before.

Unidentified: And President Trump has made it crystal clear, he will always protect seniors, Social Security and Medicare and oppose any cuts in their benefits President Trump. He'll make America affordable again.

Unidentified: Please welcome Benjamin Joseph.

Benjamin Joseph: Hello, Michigan, hello my fellow patriots, I am the owner of a home remodeling business that my father Steve started in 1972. During the Trump boom we were thriving under Biden. We are surviving. I know other business owners, like many of you in this room can relate with the financial strain caused by the Biden-Harris economy.

Benjamin Joseph: Many clients are tightening their belts, closing their wallets and cutting back on their home remodeling projects to keep work coming in. I've had to lower my margins and I mean lower them. I'm now barely making payroll and our family is just has enough to live on. But we can't build up any savings and we can't move forward.

Benjamin Joseph: As parents, we want to provide for our children, but more and more parents like myself have to look their little girl or their little boy in the eye when they're asked for something and say we can't afford it. Those four words are heartbreaking. We didn't have to say those words under Donald Trump when he was President.

Benjamin Joseph: That's because Donald Trump is a businessman, not a crooked career politician. President Trump understands what business owners need to succeed because he is a business owner himself and has succeeded. He knew we could create millions of great jobs if given the chance and we did the Trump's tax cuts and regulation cuts empowered entrepreneurs like you and me and enabled us to expand our businesses.

Benjamin Joseph: We need him back in the White House as a Representative of Michigan. At this convention. I want to give a special Michigander thank you to President Trump for being our champion. He has inspired so many of us even in this room to step up and get involved in the fight to save America with his leadership and our help.

Benjamin Joseph: We will make America affordable again, wealthy again and great again.

Benjamin Joseph: May God bless each and every one of you may God bless and continue to protect President Trump and his family and may, God bless the United States of America. Thank you.

Unidentified: Please welcome Amber Rose from South Philadelphia.

Amber Rose: Hello. My name is Amber Rose. I'm a model and entrepreneur. Thank you. But most importantly, I'm a mother, my whole world revolves around providing for my children, keeping them safe and giving them an opportunity for a better life. That's something that unites all American parents whether we're Republicans, Democrats conservatives or liberals.

Amber Rose: We all want a better country for our children, but I'm here tonight to tell you no matter your political background that the best chance we have to give our babies a better life is to elect Donald Trump President of the United States. Now you may be wondering why I'm up here telling you this, I'm no politician and I don't want to be, but I do care about the truth.

Amber Rose: And the truth is that the media has lied to us about Donald Trump. I know this because for a long time I believed those lies. So I'm here to set the record straight. The first person I knew who supported Donald Trump was my father. I was shocked my entire family is racially diverse and I believe the left wing propaganda that Donald Trump was a racist.

Amber Rose: My father said no, he's not amber, what are you talking about And when I insisted he said prove it. So to prove my father wrong, I did my research and looked into all things. Donald Trump, people have to do their research. I watched all the rallies and I started meeting so many of you his red hat wearing supporters.

Amber Rose: I realized Donald Trump and his supporters don't care if you're black white gay or straight. It's all love and that's when it hit me. These are my people. This is where I belong. So I let go of my fear of judgment of being misunderstood of getting attacked by the left and I put the red hat on too.

Amber Rose: Thank you, love you, Sue. I never felt more free and more love for my country than I do now. I want to thank my father who's in the audience tonight for opening my eyes. He served over 20 years in the US military. Thank you for your service. Dad, I love you, dad, I love you. I love you so much. Thank you.

Amber Rose: When I met the President and Melania for the first time, he was kind and generous and funny as hell very funny. The First Lady was gracious and smart with a smile that will brighten up any room. If you're watching this tonight, you know our country is in trouble just like me, when you go to the store and buy food for your family, you're shocked when you fill up your gas tank.

Amber Rose: You're pissed, I know I am and when you turn on the news you are just exhausted, inflation is out of control and you know in your heart it was not like this under Donald Trump. My message to you tonight comes from a humble place. The left told me to hate Trump and even worse to hate the other side, the people who support him.

Amber Rose: When you cut through the lies, you realize the truth, american families were better. When Donald Trump was President, we were safer, wealthier and stronger. A vote for Donald Trump is a vote to put money back in our pockets and good food on our kids plates, yes, or as Trump would say it's a vote to make America great again.

Amber Rose: Thank you so much. Thank you.

Unidentified: Please welcome Latino American Linda Fornos.

Linda Fornos: Sixteen years ago, I left Nicaragua for a better life in a fabulous Las Vegas, Nevada, woo America, welcomed me and I embrace the values of hard work, learning the language and respecting the laws. It's the American thing to do in 2022. My three boys and I faced a devastating house fire. We lost everything and starting over in Joe Biden's economy was almost impossible.

Linda Fornos: The vibrant economy is driving prices through the roof, rent, gas, groceries, everything as a life insurance worker. I see the struggle of people trying to save for their future while barely managing their basic needs. I'm living that same struggle every day. Life is too hard right now. One of my sons works, three jobs and the other holds down two that maize maze sips just for three people just to survive in violence economy.

Linda Fornos: Our open borders are making this problem worse. It's upsetting, it's upsetting to see millions of dollars being sent to help immigrants who came here illegally. While hard working families who did it the right way are left struggling. The fact is that illegal immigration hurts legal immigrants. The most divided system is backwards and broken.

Unidentified: Inviting American opportunities to get ahead are dwindling and our education system is failing. Our children what happened to teaching, reading, writing and math, Now it's like our kids are getting a degree in pronoun studies. He she they them. I have expected my son to come home with a diploma in advanced data and theory.

Linda Fornos: Life was completely different under President Trump, we prosper to my beloved Latino community. It's time to wake up and smell the cafecito. In 2020, I made a mistake, a mistake that is hard to admit, especially in this room in 2020. I voted for Joe Biden. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, he has made me regret it this November.

Linda Fornos: My vote won't be taken for granted.

Linda Fornos: And this time I won't regret it. Please join me in voting for Donald J. Trump.

Donald Trump: Please welcome the President of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters, Sean O'Brien.

Sean O'Brien: Greetings, delegates and guests. I'm Sean O'Brien, general President of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters. I'd like to give my peeps from the greatest state in the nation, Massachusetts, some props what's up. First, I want to thank the hard working Teamsters and union members here in Milwaukee who play vital roles in the building and operations of this convention.

Sean O'Brien: I also want to thank President Donald Trump for opening the RNC's doors to the Teamsters union and inviting me to speak before you tonight I travel all across this country and meet with my members every week. You know what I see An American worker being taken for granted, workers being sold out to big banks, big tech corporates and the elite.

Sean O'Brien: And I'm not the only one who sees this every day, Families see it, the American people aren't stupid. They know the system is broken. We all know how Washington is run, working. People have no chance of winning this fight. That's why I'm here today because I refuse to keep doing the same things my predecessors did.

Sean O'Brien: Today, today, the Teamsters are here to say we are not beholden to anyone or any party. We will create an agenda and work with a bipartisan coalition ready to accomplish something real for the American worker and I don't care about getting criticized. It's an honor to be the first teamster in our 121 year history to address the Republican National Convention.

Sean O'Brien: Several months ago, I asked the RNC and the DNC for the opportunity to speak to be frank. When President Trump invited me to speak at this convention. There was political unrest on the left and on the right. Hard to believe anti-union groups demanded the President rescind his invitation. The left called me a traitor.

Sean O'Brien: And this is precisely why it's so important for me to be here today. Think about this, think about this, the Teamsters are doing something correct. If the extremes in both parties think I shouldn't be on this stage, President Trump had the backbone to open the doors to this Republican convention and that's unprecedented.

Sean O'Brien: No other nominee in the race would have invited the Teamsters into this arena. Now you can have whatever opinion you want, but one thing is clear. President Trump is a candidate who is not afraid of hearing from new loud and often critical voices. And I think we all can agree whether people like them or they don't like them.

Sean O'Brien: In light of what happened to him on Saturday, he has proven to be one tough SOB. Now when I won the presidency of the Teamsters in a national election two and a half years ago, we started reaching across the aisle. In the past. The Teamsters have endorsed GOP candidates, including Nixon Reagan and George H.W Bush.

Sean O'Brien: But over the last 40 years, the Republican Party has really pursued strong relationships with organized labor. There are some in the party who stand in active opposition to labor unions. This too must change. And I want to be clear, at the end of the day, the Teamsters are not interested if you have a d r or an I next to your name.

Sean O'Brien: We want to know one thing, what are you doing to help American workers As a negotiator, I know that no window or door should ever be permanently shut in my administration. The Teamsters reach out to eight Republican Senators who stood up for railroad teamsters over our fight. For paid sick leave, josh Hawley was one of them.

Sean O'Brien: We started talking Senator Hawley, changed his position on national right to work. Then we started walking. Senator Hawley walked a Teamsters picket line in Saint Louis and a UAW picket line in Wentzville, Missouri. More than that, I want to recognize Senator Hawley for his direct, relentless and pointed questioning of corporate, talking heads, lawyers, CEOs and apologists.

Sean O'Brien: He has shown he is not willing to accept their pillaging of working people's pocketbooks. I know from a career in negotiating that you get nowhere by slamming your fist on the table. The first step is to listen the Teamsters and the GOP may not agree on many issues, but a growing group has shown the courage to sit down and consider points of view that aren't funded by big money think tanks.

Sean O'Brien: Senators like JD Vance, Roger Marshall and Representatives, Nicole Malliotakis, Mike Lawler and Brian Fitzpatrick are among elected officials who truly care about working people and this group is expanding and is putting fear into those who have monopolized our very broken system in America. Today, there are far too many people on both sides of the aisle still caught up in knee jerk reactions to unions who subscribe to the same tired claptrap that unions destroy American companies.

Sean O'Brien: Take a moment to consider United Parcel Service, which is the largest private sector logistics company and it's been unionized for more than 100 years. More than 350,000 Teamsters make it run. We work for good middle class wages, quality, health care and secure pensions. There are work rules and ensure fairness and due process for both sides.

Sean O'Brien: UPS is the most efficient packaged delivery company in the world, but let's not forget that UPS doesn't provide these great wages and benefits out of the kindness of its heart uPS does it because the Teamsters fight for it all 350,000 of us, you know corporatists hate when Working people join together to form unions.

Sean O'Brien: But for a century, major employers have waged a war against labor, by forming corporate unions of their own, we need to call the Chamber of Commerce and the business roundtables what they are. They are unions for big business. And here's another fact against gigantic multinational corporation, an individual worker has zero power.

Sean O'Brien: It's only when Americans band together and democratic unions that we win real improvements on wages, benefits and working conditions. Companies like Amazon are bigger than most national economies. Amazon is valued over $2 trillion. That makes it the 14th largest economy in the world. What is sickening is that Amazon has -- has abandoned any national allegiance?

Sean O'Brien: Amazon's sole focus is on lining its own pockets. Remember, elites have no party elites have no nation their loyalty is to the balance sheet and the stock price at the expense of the American worker. Yes, in my office in Washington DC, I can see the United States Capitol from my window, I see well intentioned people arrive in Washington and get eaten up by an unforgiving system.

Sean O'Brien: The responsibility to average Americans takes a back seat. The objective now becomes survival. Fundraiser after fundraiser corporate consultants hedge every initiative, the Hill crawls with lifers, bouncing from government jobs to corporate jobs. And back again, I think we can all agree DC is a pretty treacherous area.

Sean O'Brien: Most legislation is never meant to go anywhere and it's all talk and in America talk isn't cheap. It's very expensive and it comes at the cost of our own country working people know our system is broken, the elites are not laboring on behalf of workers. There is a political caste system that prevents citizens from accessing their Representatives to hold them accountable for a moment in time.

Sean O'Brien: Working people in America were seen as essential. Sadly, it took a global pandemic for political and corporate elites to notice this fact, but ask yourself this question since the end of the pandemic. When was the last time you heard major news outlets regularly to refer to workers as essential, you haven't. The men and women who provide goods and services deliver packages, stock grocery shelves, care for patients, pick up your trash and keep our communities safe are taken for granted.

Sean O'Brien: All the while the stock market booms, housing prices hit record highs and corporate salaries skyrocket, but the income of everyday Americans are shrinking in the face of inflation at the gas pumps at the grocery store with the electric bill and with the car insurance. This has got to change, never forget American workers own this nation.

Sean O'Brien: Yes, we are not renters, we are not tenants, but the corporate elite treat us like squatters and that is a crime. We've got to fix it. Now this will shock you. This will shock you. To paraphrase Senator Markwayne Mullin, it's time for both sides of Congress to stand their butts up. Yes, we need trade policies that put American workers first.

Sean O'Brien: It needs to be easier for companies to remain in America. We need legal protections that make it safer for workers to get a contract. We must stop corporations from abandoning local communities to inflate their bottom line. We need meaningful bankruptcy reform today. Corporate vultures buy up companies like Yellow Freight with the intent of driving them into bankruptcy and feasting on their remains.

Sean O'Brien: The courts leave workers begging for crumbs as third tier creditors, labor law must be reformed americans vote for a union but can never get a union contract companies. Fire workers who try to join unions and hide behind toothless laws that are meant to protect working people but are manipulated to benefit corporations.

Sean O'Brien: This is economic terrorism at its best, an individual cannot withstand such an assault. A fired worker cannot afford corporate delays. In these greedy employers know it. There are no consequences for the company. Only the worker. We need corporate welfare reform under our current system. Massive companies like Amazon, Uber, Lyft and Walmart take zero responsibilities for the workers they employ.

Sean O'Brien: These companies offer no real health insurance, no retirement benefits, no pay leave, relying on underfunded public assistance and who foots the bill The individual taxpayer. The biggest recipients of welfare in this country are corporations and this is real corruption. We must put workers first. What could be more important to the security of our nation than a long term investment in the American worker?

Sean O'Brien: In 2021, Teamsters nationwide elected me to fight for them and that's precisely what I'm doing. Something is wrong in this country and we need to say it out loud. I will always speak for America and the American worker, both union and nonunion. I challenge each and every one of you and especially my friends on the Democratic side to embrace cooperation to truly collaborate to achieve meaningful and productive change to ensure we make this great nation the in this world the bigger, faster and strongest nation in the entire world.

Sean O'Brien: I love this country, the Teamsters love this country. I 1.3 million members move America on the roads in the ports, on the rail and in the air. And at the end of the day, if the powers to be stop me from raising my voice on behalf of American workers, I will not have one single regret. I still carry my commercial driver's license.

Sean O'Brien: I still have my place on the union seniority list. You'll find me back in Boston driving a tractor trailer, delivering equipment for Shaughnessy and Ahern because I have the protection of a union contract that gives me the freedom to speak my mind and to fight like hell God bless the greatest nation. Thank you very much.

Unidentified: Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome back. RNC -- Chairman, Michael Whatley.

Michael Whatley: For a benediction, please welcome Pastor James Remke.

James Remke: It's a great pleasure to be here. Great pleasure to see President Donald Trump safe and if I may, before the benediction give you this promise, you're going to be so blessed you're going to be tired of being blessed. I guarantee it, believe me, let us pray in the name of the father and of the son and of the Holy Spirit, amen.

James Remke: Almighty God, you have given us this good land as our heritage grant that we remember your generosity and constantly do your will bless our land with honest industry truthful, education and an honorable way of life, save us from violence, discord and confusion from pride and arrogance. And from every evil course of action.

James Remke: We give thanks to you for keeping President Trump safe. We pray for the families of those affected by the demonic violence at the rally on Saturday. And we pray you would send your holy angels to guard and keep President Trump from all harm and danger grant that we who came from many nations with many different languages may become a united people.

James Remke: Support us in defending our liberties and give those to whom we have entrusted the authority of government. The spirit and wisdom that there may be justice and peace in our land when times are prosperous, may our hearts be thankful and in troubled times do not let our trust in you fail through Jesus Christ, our Lord, amen.

James Remke: Amen the Lord bless you and keep you the Lord make his face, shine on you and be gracious to you the Lord look upon you with favor and give you peace. Amen, thanks.

Michael Whatley: For a benediction, please welcome from California National Committeewoman Harmeet Dhillon.

Harmeet Dhillon: Thank you everyone. These last 48 hours have been some of the most intense yet most prayerful of our lives. The heinous attack on President Trump and his supporters made all of us pause and seek answers and comfort. I come from a family of sick immigrants. I am honored to share with you my fellow Republicans and guests tonight a prayer from my faith tradition practiced by over 25 million worldwide.

Harmeet Dhillon: We recite the Lord's Prayer before any new endeavor giving thanks to God and asking for his protection and help to uphold the values of humility, truth courage, service and justice for all to show respect. We cover our heads when we pray.

Note: [A prayer is said]

Harmeet Dhillon: Our one true God, we thank you for creating America as a unique haven on this earth where all people are free to worship. According to their faith, we seek your blessings and guidance for our beloved country. Please bless our people with wisdom as they vote in the upcoming election and please bless with humility, honesty, skill and integrity, all those who conduct the election.

Harmeet Dhillon: Finally, we thank you for the spirit that we have witnessed in President Trump. That is the tireless and uplifting uplifting spirit that is sustained even in the face of violent adversity like a Founding Father centuries ago. And we thank you dear God for protecting his life. We thank you for his examples of nirbhar fearlessness and never the absence of hate when faced with vitriol.

Harmeet Dhillon: These examples of extraordinary calm, inspire us, Non-magnum, qaliqala, terrebonne sur le may, your name forever, be exalted, spreading happiness and blessings and good spirit that everyone may prosper and enjoy the grace of your peace. Thank you. Thank you.

Harmeet Dhillon: Senator Vance, congratulations to President Trump. We are honored to have you here tonight and on behalf of the entire Republican Party all across America. We are grateful for you to be our nominee for the 47th President of the United States of America.

Michael Whatley: The chair declares that the 2024 Republican National Convention stand in recess until tomorrow at 5 p.m.

Note: [Music]