Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-convention-day-2-hour-6-milwaukee-july-16-2024

Marco Rubio: Many watching at home these, these are the Americans who wear the red hats and wait for hours under a blazing sun to hear Trump speak and what they want, what they ask for. It is not hateful or extreme. What they want is good jobs and lower prices. They want borders that are secure and for those who come here to do so legally.

Marco Rubio: They want to be safe from criminals and from terrorists and they want for our leaders to care more about our problems here at home than about the problems of other countries far away. There is absolutely nothing dangerous or anything divisive about putting Americans first.

Marco Rubio: Those who are offended, nyone who is offended about putting America first has forgotten what American is and what American means. American isn't the color of our skin or our ethnicity americans are our people as diverse as humanity itself. But out of many, we are one because as the life story of our next Vice President, JD Vance reminds us we are all descendants of ordinary people who achieved extraordinary things.

Marco Rubio: Who do we come from? We come from pioneers who ventured west to chase their dreams and slaves who overcame bondage to claim their right to the promise of America. We come from exiles who fled tyranny in search of freedom and of immigrants who left behind all. They had and knew because they could not be or achieve God's purpose for their life in the nation of their birth.

Marco Rubio: That is an American and putting Americans first must be what this election is about when President Trump was in the White House. Americans had more money and lower prices. Our borders were secure and our laws were enforced. Iran was broke. The Taliban stopped killing Americans and Putin didn't invade anyone.

Marco Rubio: Now under Biden, high prices, devour paychecks criminals and drugs are allowed to flood into our country and terrorize our people. And Iran has money to support terrorists. The Taliban humiliated us in Afghanistan and not one but two major wars have broken out. My fellow Americans, the only way to make America wealthy and safe and strong again is to make Donald J. Trump, our President again.

Marco Rubio: Our country has been injured, injured by the bad decisions of weak leaders, but now though bloodied by our wounds, we must stand up and we must fight, fight Not with violence or destruction, but with our voices and our votes fight not against each other, but for the Hopes and dreams we share in common and make us one.

Marco Rubio: And fight for an America where we are safe from those who seek to harm us on our streets and from abroad and we will not be alone in this fight for leading us in this fight will be a man who although wounded and facing danger he stood Up and raised his fist and reminded us that our people and our country are always worth fighting for.

Marco Rubio: It is time, it is time to put our country and our people first again and to do and if we do together, we will make our people wealthy again if we do together, we will make our country safe again together. We will make Donald Trump our President. Again and together we will not just make America great again.

Marco Rubio: We will make America greater than it has ever been. Thank you. God bless you.

Unidentified: Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Laura Trump.

Lara Trump: Whoa, Whoa, I don't feel like I actually have to ask this question, but is anybody in this room ready to send Donald Trump back to 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue? Well, it may not be a surprise that I actually had a very different speech that I was prepared to give up here tonight that all changed at 611 on Saturday evening.

Lara Trump: Nothing prepares you for a moment like that. Our family has faced our fair share of death threats. Mysterious powders sent to our homes tasteless and violent comments directed towards us on social media. But none of that prepares you as a daughter in law to watch in real time. Someone tried to kill a person you love.

Lara Trump: None of that prepares you as a mother to quickly reach for the remote and turn your young children away from the screen so that they're not witness to something that scars the memory of their grandpa for the rest of their lives. The prayers and well wishes we've received over the last 72 hours have been overwhelming to say the least.

Lara Trump: And my heart goes out to the family who lost a husband and a father because of this senseless act, all of you here tonight and watching at home mean the world to all of us in the Trump family. If Donald Trump has shown us anything, it's that when it feels impossible to keep going, those are the times we must keep going.

Lara Trump: I don't know how many people here are watching at home have ever been to a Trump rally, but if you've never been, let me tell you about them. Oh, some of you have been, oh, regardless of how the media have painted these rallies, you would be hard pressed to find and to join a happier group of people coming together over their love for the greatest country on earth, the United States of America.

Lara Trump: I dare anyone trying to leave a Trump rally without leaving with some new friends. You always make friends out of Trump rally, right Veterans, teachers, blue collar workers, white collar workers, active duty, military, police officers, firefighters small business owners, Latino supporters, Christian supporters, Jewish supporters, black supporters, white supporters, Asian supporters, gay supporters, Republicans, independents and yes, even Democrats.

Lara Trump: At a Trump rally, you're not viewed as your profession, your religion or the color of your skin. You're viewed as one thing. An American last Saturday was a jarring reminder that we as Americans must always remember there is more that unites us than divides us. Yes, we all want this country to be great, even if we don't always agree on the best way of doing that.

Lara Trump: And with every bone in my body, I can tell you that all Donald Trump wants to do and has ever wanted to do is make this country great. Again for all of us, proverbs 28 reads, the wicked flee, though no one pursues. But the righteous are as bold as a lion and that truly epitomizes Donald Trump. He is a lion.

Lara Trump: He is bold, he is strong, he is fearless and he is exactly what this country needs right now. Let's not forget what life actually looked like under President Donald Trump trade deals across the world that benefited our economy, allied countries paying their fair share, a safe and secure southern border.

Lara Trump: Record low unemployment rates for African Americans, Hispanic Americans, Asian Americans and women, record investment in historically black colleges and universities, the creation of the United States Space Force, the most comprehensive prison reform in decades. How about the peace agreements in the Middle East that they said would never happened.

Lara Trump: The largest tax cuts in American history, our energy independence, massive amounts of red tape cut and no new wars. When Donald J. Trump was President, maybe most importantly though, you could actually feel it in your everyday life. Now you didn't have to love everything that he tweeted, but you cannot deny you were better off when Donald Trump was in office.

Lara Trump: Americans were finally able to start saving money. Home prices were affordable and gas hit a low of $1.87 a gallon. As I speak here tonight, many of our fellow Americans don't know how they'll pay for their next trip to the grocery store, new clothes for their children or this month's rent. Many of our fellow Americans worry that we are on the verge of a major terror attack here on American soil.

Lara Trump: Many of our fellow Americans don't think their own children will be able to establish a better life than they themselves currently have. Many of our fellow Americans are right now sitting and wondering how on earth this country could have moved in the wrong direction. And so quickly. The Democrats and the media know that they cannot convince you the American people that your life is better off now because it's not.

Lara Trump: So what will they do, They'll try to sell you on some outrageous narrative about the terrible things that Donald Trump will do if he becomes President. But you don't have to imagine what it would be like. All you have to do is remember what it was like. I know, oh yeah, I know what you hear out there about Donald Trump, I know what you read, what the media tells you and what out of touch celebrities on the left say about this man. But when I look at Donald Trump, I see a wonderful father, father in law and of course grandfather to my two young children, Luke and Carolina.

Lara Trump: I know that I'm lucky enough to get to call him my father in law and see him a little differently than all of you. But it's through that lens that I sometimes wish more people could see him. This is a man who has sacrificed for his family and a man who has truly sacrificed for his country. Donald Trump didn't need to run for President for fame or money.

Lara Trump: Trust me, we all know he already had plenty of that. I'll tell you why he did it and why he continues on even in the face of the unthinkable because he loves this country. [Audience chants "USA"]

Lara Trump: He did it for his grandchildren, for your children and grandchildren and for the generations to come. I have seen this man dragged through hell and back in and out of courtrooms, indictments, impeachments mug shots and even an assassination attempt and yet he has never backed down.

Lara Trump: I'll never forget watching my two children run up to him with their drawings and hugs for grandpa just moments before he took the elevator down in Trump Tower to address the media the day after his wrongful conviction. Despite everything else he had going on, he had no other focus in the entire world, just a man relishing time with his grandchildren.

Lara Trump: It's a side of Donald Trump that not enough people get to see, maybe you got to see a side of Donald Trump on Saturday that you were not sure existed until you saw it with your own eyes. Martin Luther King, Jr once famously said, the ultimate measure of a man is not when, where he stands in moments of convenience and comfort, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy.

Lara Trump: There's no doubt that Saturday was one of the most frightening moments of my father in law's life millimeters separated him from life and certain death. And yet it was in the midst of it all as he was jostled off stage by secret Service that he knew how defining that moment would be for our country and he hoisted his fist in the air.

Lara Trump: It was not just for the audience at the rally, not just for his supporters tuning in but for all of America and as a signal to the world that no matter what America will always prevail though it's been strained and attacked, no enemy, no force, not even A bullet is strong enough to break our American grit and our American soul.

Lara Trump: We are the country whose founders gave their fortunes freedom and lives to pursue the dream of a free society. We are the country of Thomas Edison, Susan B, Anthony Henry Ford and Harriet Tubman. We are the country who fought and won two world wars and we are the country who always rises to meet the moment no matter how insurmountable the task.

Lara Trump: And in that split, second on Saturday, Donald Trump reminded us all of that very history and who we are at our core as a nation. That is the Donald Trump that I know he is an American, an American who conquered the business world, an American who made himself a household name, an American who was beloved by politicians and fellow celebrities for decades until he ran for office with an R next to His name an American whom even Barack Obama admits people consider the American dream.

Lara Trump: And instead of sailing off into the sunset, after an illustrious real estate and television career, he decided to give back, he decided to bring some of the things that had made him so successful in life to all of you in order to improve the lives of all Americans black white, brown, gay straight all Americans.

Lara Trump: Because that's the man that Donald Trump is. I can tell you that my personal experience with Donald Trump has shown me his heart. There wasn't a second that he made this small town girl who was way out of her element in New York City, feel anything but welcomed and part of the family and if not for the support and encouragement of my father in law, I wouldn't be where I Am today?

Lara Trump: It's been said by many that Donald Trump sees things in people that they don't even recognize in themselves in 2016 when he asked me to help him win my home state of North Carolina, I'll be honest. I was terrified I had no idea how I would make it happen, but he knew I would and I did when I was given an opportunity to join a television network as a commentator.

Lara Trump: It was the push and support of my father in law that gave me the confidence to take that job. Always the first one to call or text me after a TV hit and tell me great job keep going not bad, right? Or even a few months ago when he called and asked me to be the co-chair of our party, he showed me potential in myself that I couldn't yet see so tonight to my father in law. I want to say thank you. Thank you for your resilience. Thank you for continuing on. Thank you for raising wonderful kids. Thank you for being an amazing grandfather.

Lara Trump: Thank you for never giving up on me and thank you for never giving up on our country tonight. I come to you not as the co-chair of the RNC, not as the daughter in law of the candidate tonight. I come to you as a mom and as a citizen of this country for those of you watching who have never voted for Donald Trump, I know what the media and his political opponents have tried to tell you about this man.

Lara Trump: Believe me, I have seen and heard it all, but I have also seen the truth. I am proud to know Donald Trump to campaign for him to vote for him and to raise his grandchildren.

Donald Trump: He will do what is necessary to protect you, protect your family and protect this country because Donald Trump wants us all to be successful, to be safe, to be happy to be strong and to be great again tonight, I'm asking you to vote not for the Donald Trump. You see flashed on your TV every day splashed across the headlines.

Lara Trump: Tonight, I'm asking you to vote for the Donald Trump that Luke and Carolina call grandpa. I'm asking you to vote for the Donald Trump that my husband, Eric calls, dad. I'm asking you to vote for the Donald Trump that I call my father in law. I'm asking you to vote for the Donald Trump who can and will make America great once again for all of us. Thank you.

Lara Trump: God bless you, God bless the United States of America.

Unidentified: We love you. Thank you. Bye. Yeah.

Unidentified: Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome back the chairman of the Republican National Committee, Michael Whatley of North Carolina.

Michael Whatley: For tonight's benediction, please welcome Pastor Corey Brooks, senior pastor of the New Beginnings Church in Chicago and founder of Project Hood, an organization committed to fighting violence and poverty.

Corey Brooks: All right, if you wanted to end on a boring note tonight with no emotion on a benediction or a powerless benediction, then you probably shouldn't have invited a black pastor from the South Side of Chicago for our parade. Let me say three things real quick. Number one, let me thank President Trump and the Republican Republican National Convention for giving me a platform to lift up the name of Jesus and to pray for our great nation.

Corey Brooks: Number two, I'd be remiss if I did not give the great state of Illinois and Chicago on the South Side, a shout out o block opportunity block. And number three, I want you to make the biggest noise in just a second. I want you to raise your signs, blow your whistles and give God the loudest shout of praise on the count of three.

Corey Brooks: And somebody may say why, Because this week we could be having a week of mourning, but because God did not let any of those things be. This is a week of celebration and a week of life, a week of democracy and liberty. So I want to ask you on the count of three to make the loudest noise you can and let the world know that we serve an awesome God, are you ready?

Corey Brooks: Are you ready to call on God tonight, Heavenly father, we come before you today with grateful hearts as we gather for this Republican National Convention. We thank you for this moment to seek your guidance. As I stand before, you many believe America is in trying divisive times and has not been her best.

Corey Brooks: We know this to be true. We have not been steady firm resolute too. Many of us have forgotten how to be Americans. I see this on the south side of Chicago where I'm from, but I refuse to give up why? Because I still see the yearning fire within us to be better Americans, lord, we ask for your divine presence to bless every heart and mind.

Corey Brooks: Grant us wisdom and courage and discernment as we chart the path of our beloved country may, our deeds reflect your will and bring glory to your name. We pray for strength to better our individual selves so that we may bless those around us. Let us be reminded that we are one nation under God indivisible with liberty and justice for all.

Corey Brooks: Father we lift up our citizens and leaders to you, let them be guided by your truth and may their actions honor the values upon which this great nation was founded. Let us remember the words of Isaiah chapter 40 verse 31, But those who hope in the Lord will renew their strength. They will soar on wings like eagles.

Corey Brooks: They will run and not grow weary. They will walk and not faint empower us to rise, persevere and to pursue excellence. Lord bless our great nation from Project Hood on the South Side of Chicago to all four corners of the great nation from the hills of West Virginia and Tennessee to Beverly Hills in California, all the way to the homies in Los Angeles and the homies on the West Side of Chicago?

Corey Brooks: May we renew our Americanness and strive to uphold your word with you Lord. All things are possible. I said all things are possible. All things are possible in your mighty and matchless name, Jesus. We pray let everybody say, Amen. God bless you and God bless America.

Corey Brooks: Thank you. Thank you.

Michael Whatley: Delegates and alternates ladies and gentlemen, Senator Vance, President Trump what a night. We have heard from the best of the Republican Party members of the House, members of the Senate governors and candidates. But more importantly, we have heard from real Americans who understand that America needs to do better and will do better when Donald J. Trump is our 47th President of the United States.

Michael Whatley: I would like to ask every single one of you to please raise your voice in thanks to all of those real Americans who spoke tonight about their families and their world and their vision for a better America at this time. The chair recognizes the delegate from the state of Indiana for the purpose of offering a motion.

Unidentified: Mr. Chairman, my name is Victor Smith from the great state of Indiana and -- and I make the motion that the convention now adjourns.

Michael Whatley: The question now occurs on the motion to adjourn all those in favor signify by saying, I. I All those opposed signify by saying no, in the opinion of the chair, the ayes have it and the motion is adopted accordingly. This convention stands adjourned until 5:30 p.m. tomorrow.

Note: [Music]

Donald Trump: Today, I'm joining RNC Co-Chair Lara Trump to humbly ask if you could chip in five, ten or $25 Grassroots supporters like you keep this campaign alive. A gift of just $5 could make the difference between victory and defeat in November. Please chip in any amount. I know with your support right now, we will make America great again.

Donald Trump: From the very first day that we take back the White House from Crooked Joe Biden, the worst President in the history of our country, I believe that we're going to have four of the greatest years in the history of our country. I will once and for all secure our elections, we're going to go to paper ballots.

Donald Trump: We're going to have same day voting, voter ID. We're going to do it properly. We're going to have good secure, beautiful elections. We never want what happened in 2020 to happen again. But until then Republicans must win and we must use every appropriate tool available to beat. The Democrats, they are destroying our country.

Donald Trump: Whether you vote early absentee by mail or in person, we are going to protect the vote. That's the most important thing we have to do is protect the vote, keep your eyes open because these people want to cheat and they do cheat. And frankly, it's the only thing they do well, we will make sure your ballot is secure and your voice is heard.

Donald Trump: Many Republicans like to vote on Election Day and we must swamp the radical Democrats with massive turnout on Tuesday, November 5th. The way you win is to swamp them. If we swamp them, they can't cheat. It just doesn't work out. But if you can't make it, you need to make a plan, Register and vote any way possible.

Donald Trump: We got to get your vote, so with your vote we will win a victory, the likes of which no one has ever seen before. We will evict Crooked Joe Biden from the White House and we will take back our country on November 5th, 2024 The most important day in the history of our country. That's what it's going to go down as thank you.