Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-interview-chris-paul-cj-mccollum-playerstv-october-17-2024

Kamala Harris: I think there's so much about this environment right now that is sending signals to people that they don't count.

Chris Paul: And a lot of times, in locker rooms, guys talk about everything, but guys don't talk about politics.

CJ McCollum: How do we hold people like yourself accountable for when my son, who's two and a half, when he becomes 10 and 12 and 15; and CP, when his son and daughter become a little older, so that they can live a better life? How do we hold them accountable now? Thank you, all, for joining us today. My name is CJ McCollum, and I'm the executive board member at Social Change United Fund [ph].

CJ McCollum: This conversation is obviously extremely important for us as we get closer and closer to the election. Although our guests need no introduction, we have a hall of famer. He's co-founder and board member at the Social Change Fund United, leader on and off the court, Chris Paul. Next up, we have Madam Vice President Kamala Harris, a graduate of Howard University and the first Black woman elected as district attorney in the state of California.

CJ McCollum: MVP has been a trailblazer her entire career. She serves as vice president of the United States of America, the first woman to ever sit in her position. She has worked to bring people together to advance opportunity, deliver for families, and protect fundamental freedoms across the country. Welcome, MVP. [Applause]

CJ McCollum: She said I could call her MVP. So, I don't think that I just did that on my own. Madam Vice President, you have a wealth of experience in policy and government based on your experience. Could you kind of shed some light on the disengagement amongst Black men in the voting process and just kind of talk about ways in which we can improve our voting numbers?

Kamala Harris: I think there's so much about this environment right now, and it has been this way for a while, that is sending signals to people that they don't count or that if they put themselves out there, it will not make a difference. It will not have an effect. There are forces that I think are at play to try to make people feel small, that if they engage in the system, they cannot have impact.

Kamala Harris: And the work that you all have been doing through this organization and using the -- the voices through your celebrity, through, of course, your incredible talent, it really matters. And it's not without risk, especially in this environment. So, I just want to start by thanking you. We have a nation that considers itself rightly a leader in the world.

Kamala Harris: We tout ourselves as being the strongest democracy in the world, imperfect, though, we certainly are, and flawed that we certainly are. And in any democracy, as -- as we define it, the people must have the power, and representation matters. It is part of the founding ideals of our country: the promise of equality, the promise of freedom, the promise of liberty for all.

Kamala Harris: And we know we still have a whole lot of work to do in that regard, especially when we look at the condition of Black men in America. We still have so many disparities based on -- and I'd like to talk about some of these issues -- based on access to wealth, access to opportunity, the ability to -- to jump over obstacles that are -- that are systemic, that are rooted in the racism that has influenced policy.

Kamala Harris: And so, that is how I think about it overall in terms of how we should be thinking about it and the details of what we need to address.

CJ McCollum: Thank you. Thank you. That was beautifully said. CP, you've done a lot of great work in the community, obviously back in Carolina, but also alongside HBCUs. Can you kind of speak to why this has been important to you and -- and ways in which you've tried to kind of unite the Black male vote, in general?

Chris Paul: I -- I find it to be very important, especially for Black men because there's so much that we don't discuss, we don't talk about, right? You, like myself, have spent most of our adult lives in the NBA, right? And a lot of times, in locker rooms, guys talk about everything, but guys don't talk about politics, right? And even in our communities, in the Black communities, you don't grow up watching, you know, CNN, Fox News, none of this.

Chris Paul: No one really talks about politics. So, it was -- it was interesting for me when I turned 18 to go vote for the first time. It's so important. You know, when you look here and you see all these Black men here because when you look at statistics, it's usually always women who get out and vote more than men.

Chris Paul: And so, it's men who have to continue to get out and talk about these things and make sure that we're not too cool or just too strong or whatnot to be vulnerable and to learn because there's an education aspect of it that I think is very important. And so, what -- what is something that you can tell us, right, to help engage the Black male vote because we try -- we try to do what we think we should do, but if you have any -- any words of wisdom, we -- we all are open to it?

Kamala Harris: Your vote is your voice. Generally speaking, there are two groups of people who have power: those who write checks and those who vote. Because the cold hard reality of it -- I'm sure everybody's been watching whatever, CNN or whatever, you know, the polling, right? And it'll say, well, these are the people who are going to vote.

Kamala Harris: And so, then, people who are running for office want to pay attention to the people who vote because the people who vote will elect them. And so, they will seek out the people who are likely to vote. The high-frequency voters is what it's called. And will then ask them what is important to you because I want to make sure I address that.

Kamala Harris: The more you vote, the more people are going to pay attention to you, right? And so, there is that piece of it. There is the piece of it which is about also understanding the intent that very powerful people have -- have demonstrated to make it more difficult for Black people, period, to vote. Look at it in terms of the court undid the strength of the Voting Rights Act and we still cannot get in Congress the number of people that are necessary to pass the John Lewis Voting Rights Act and the Freedom to Vote Act, which would restore the -- the protections to make sure that there would be -- if anyone -- if any state wants to pass these laws making it more difficult to vote, they would have to have a high threshold to explain why it would not be a violation of people's civil rights.

Kamala Harris: That's what the Voting Rights Act did, the Voting Rights Act, right, born out of all those folks who -- who walked across the Edmund Pettus Bridge on Bloody Sunday, John Lewis and all of them, my parents who -- who marched and shouted for justice. We all come from a tradition of -- of family members and -- and people we know who fought for those things like the Voting Rights Act, knowing that without that protection, there were -- and have -- and continue to be an intent to make it more difficult for people to vote.

Kamala Harris: Look at what happened in 2020. We had an extraordinary turnout in the midst of a pandemic. And thereafter, you saw these laws being passed to make it more difficult to vote. It scared people when the voters of Georgia, for example, elected Raphael Warnock to be a member of the United States Senate, a Black man from the state of Georgia going to the United States Senate.

Kamala Harris: That scared people. So, another point to be made then is not only is your vote important to receive the attention -- the attention of the issues you care about. There is the point that it is also about challenging folks to understand there are people who are trying to make it so that you don't vote. There are people that are counting on you to not vote.

Kamala Harris: There are people who are trying to suggest to you that your vote doesn't matter. There's a history in our country of making it more difficult for you to vote with the -- with the belief that if it's made more difficult, you won't vote. And so, therein, let's issue the challenge, which is don't let anybody silence you.

Kamala Harris: See what's happening. See the game that's being played. And then there is the fact that when you vote, the things that you care about matter. So, we had record turnout Black vote and young people voting. Those are the voters that then elected Joe Biden to be president and me to be vice president. And then we came in caring about, for example, as a proud HBCU graduate, what we -- what we need to do to better fund our HBCUs, knowing those are centers of academic excellence but don't have the -- the resources that a lot of the other -- don't have the endowments that a lot of the other universities have.

Kamala Harris: We've now given over $16 billion to HBCUs because people voted and told us what they want. Joe Biden and I committed on day one to increase federal contracts to minority-owned businesses by 50 percent. A federal contract -- if you get a federal contract, unless you mess that thing up, that is, like, yours potentially for life.

Kamala Harris: Talk about a generator of intergenerational wealth. Because people voted, we said that we're going to remove barriers to access to capital around SBA loans as it relates to people who are previously incarcerated. We decided that we needed to deal with marijuana because basically nobody should have to go to jail for smoking weed.

Kamala Harris: And we have now issued four times more clemency than Trump ever did. And we are changing marijuana on the schedule, so instead of it being where it had been, which it was to be compared to heroin, it's now from Schedule I to III, which means it would be at the same level as basically like Tylenol and codeine, because people voted.

Kamala Harris: Because people voted, we've taken on the issue of Black maternal mortality, which impacts Black men as much as it does women. Of course, they are the fathers, they are the brothers, they are the sons. The point being that your vote matters, and it actually produces results. There are people who are trying to make it so that you don't vote.

Kamala Harris: And when you vote in -- in -- people pay attention. Oh, you're voting. I better listen to you and find out what you care about.

CJ McCollum: I just want to follow up because you touched on so many points, including the political distrust that we have as a society --

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

CJ McCollum: Not just Black men but --

Kamala Harris: Right.

CJ McCollum: All of us, in general. One of the things we want to know about is ways in which we can hold political leaders accountable for their actions going forward. Obviously, the vote matters, right? A hundred and eighteen days from now, we're going to have the election. But how do we hold people like yourself accountable --

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

CJ McCollum: Going forward so that we can have success, not only 118 days from now, but for when my son, who's two and a half, when he becomes 10 and 12 and 15; and CP, when his son and daughter become a little older, so that they can live a better life. How do we hold them accountable now?

Kamala Harris: Well, elections are one of those ways, right, because there are elected leaders, in particular, in the state of Florida who are advocating to -- to not teach America's full history. Hold them accountable, vote them out of office. The people who are in elected office make profound decisions about that two-year-old baby and what their life will be like and what their children's life will be like. Profound decisions.

Chris Paul: I think another question would be, of course, I will vote and all these different organizations do a great job of trying to educate people and meeting them where they are and teaching about the -- the statistics and all the different things going on. For our Social Change Fund and other organizations out there, what type of advice would you give us on how we can engage, you know, Black male voters just a little bit more?

Kamala Harris: Well, I'll start with this. There's a profound amount of mis- and disinformation, and the leaders here in this room have extraordinary platforms to talk with a lot of people who trust you and -- and trust you to give them accurate information. There is so much work to be done to make sure that people are just operating with accurate facts or telling people where to go to find out are they registered to vote.

Kamala Harris: One of the things that's happening in the states around these laws to try and make it more difficult is they're closing polling places. So, we want to make sure that when people go to the website -- and actually, just make sure they're registered and that they know where to vote in case that has changed.

Kamala Harris: We need to get correct facts to people. And then again, to remind people, don't let anybody silence you. We cannot be silenced. There is too much hard work that has happened by those who came before us for us to fall prey to cynicism, especially from people who are intentionally trying to convince us that we don't matter.

CJ McCollum: That was great. I don't have much else to say after that. I want to thank you, MVP, for this thoughtful conversation. CP, I know you've been traveling a lot, so thank you for showing up as well. And for all of us, I think it's -- it's our duty, it's our job to figure out ways to make this world a better place, and it starts with spreading the right type of information.

CJ McCollum: It starts with encouraging our friends, our peers, our neighbors, those we care about to vote and telling them why they should vote. And I think it's also important that everybody understands that every vote matters.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

CJ McCollum: I think -- you know, I grew up in a neighborhood where we didn't always think our vote mattered.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

CJ McCollum: And as we've gotten older, as we've grown, as we've continued to educate ourselves, we realize that is one of the ways in which they get to the Black man is telling them that his vote doesn't matter.

Kamala Harris: Right.

CJ McCollum: We've shown that that's not true. And I think for us now as a society, we have to continue to have these conversations, this dialogue, and spread the right types of messaging. So, thank you all again for coming.

Kamala Harris: Thank you, all. Thank you, everybody.

CJ McCollum: Safe travels and --

Kamala Harris: Thank you.

CJ McCollum: That's all, folks.

Kamala Harris: Thank you. Thank you, all. Thank you.