Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-interview-raul-molinar-univision-radio-november-4-2024

Note: [The interview was broadcast in Spanish and English. The English portions from Kamala Harris have been proofread. The Spanish portions were transcribed by AI and further transcribed by AI. Please cross-check any Spanish quotes in particular against the source. Audio courtesy Univision Radio.]

Kamala Harris: Raúl, it's Kamala Harris. How are you?

Raúl Molinar: Doing Great. Mrs. Vice President.

Raúl Molinar: Señoras y señores, tenemos con nosotros a la vicepresidenta de los Estados Unidos y candidata a la presidencia por el Partido Demócrata Kamala Harris. Bienvenida, vicepresidenta. [Machine translation: Ladies and gentlemen, we have with us Vice President of the United States and Democratic Party presidential candidate Kamala Harris. Welcome, Vice President.]

Raúl Molinar: Thank you for being here.

Kamala Harris: Thank you. It's good to be with you.

Raúl Molinar: Thank you.

Raúl Molinar: Vicepresidenta. Vamos al grano. La primer pregunta que yo le quiero hacer y es la más importante para todos los latinos que nos están escuchando. Qué está pasando con la reforma migratoria? Hace poco escuché una entrevista que usted dio y dijo que si llegase a la presidencia lo primero que haría es arreglar el sistema migratorio. Nos va a dar o no reforma? Vicepresidenta? [Machine translation: Vice President. Let's get to the point. The first question I want to ask you and it's the most important one for all the Latinos who are listening to us. What is happening with immigration reform? I recently heard an interview you gave and you said that if you were to become president, the first thing you would do is fix the immigration system. Are you going to give us reform or not? Vice President?]

Kamala Harris: It is one of my highest priorities because one: the immigration system is just broken. We need more resources both in terms of border security, but we need more asylum judges, we need more processing, and we need to lay the pathway for people to earn citizenship, hard working people to earn citizenship.

Kamala Harris: And so, my focus on this is both in terms of securing the border, putting more agents at the border. So for example we can also deal with the fentanyl that is coming into the United States. That is killing people of every background and every geographic location.

Raúl Molinar: Gracias, Vicepresidenta. Prácticamente lo que dijo es de que es una de sus prioridades principales el arreglar el sistema migratorio, porque sabemos de que en este momento está roto. Necesitamos más herramientas que nos ayuden a mejorar nuestro sistema migratorio y que la gente que tenga su documentación tenga un camino a la ciudadanía. Y también tienen que poner más seguridad en la frontera, poner más agentes y tener un mayor trato humano a la gente que viene y darle a la gente soluciones y no llamar a la gente, sobre todo por nombres despectivos. [Machine translation: Thank you, Vice President. Basically what you said is that fixing the immigration system is one of your main priorities, because we know that it is broken right now. We need more tools to help us improve our immigration system and ensure that people who have their documentation have a path to citizenship. And you also have to put more security on the border, put more agents and have more humane treatment for the people who come and give people solutions and not call people, especially by derogatory names.]

Raúl Molinar: Vicepresidenta Y siguiendo también con este tema de hablarle con nombres a las personas, qué opina usted de lo que se dijo en un rally de Donald Trump y se hizo una broma sobre los puertorriqueños y sobre la isla? Acaba también de tener la semana pasada a Jennifer López en un rally en Las Vegas, Nevada. Qué opina usted de este comentario? Y sobre todo también de todos los puertorriqueños y la isla? [Machine translation: Vice President: And continuing with this topic of calling people names, what do you think about what was said at a Donald Trump rally and a joke was made about Puerto Ricans and the island? Last week, Jennifer Lopez also attended a rally in Las Vegas, Nevada. What do you think about this comment? And above all, about all Puerto Ricans and the island?]

Kamala Harris: Well, let me first say I was honored to have Jennifer there with me last night. She's been so wonderful, and she spoke truth about how Trump's comments are hateful, how they are, you know, just furtherance of these tropes that are really unfair, and meant to divide and demean people. And, you know, my commitment to Puerto Rico is longstanding, even when I was in the United States Senate, as a representative of California, I took on a responsibility for myself of also prioritizing the needs of Puerto Rico, because I was aware that Puerto Rico did not have a U.S. senator, and so I was responsible for getting more resources to Puerto Rico.

Kamala Harris: I went there after Hurricane Maria, and it's a longstanding commitment of mine, including when I am elected president of the United States, God willing, and the people listening right now. And so, part of my plan is for what I call an opportunity economy taskforce specifically focused on Puerto Rico, around bringing private sector and non-profit resources to the island for the industries that are there and can grow, for the workers who are there and -- and require the skills development, because so many people don't want to leave, but they don't have an opportunity there.

Kamala Harris: And then second, my focus on Puerto Rico is to upgrade the electrical grid, which has been a longstanding issue there, and to do that, it's about an investment. But it's also the creation of jobs and it's the creation of the longstanding strength of Puerto Rico both for businesses, but also for everyday people who have intermittent electricity. Sometimes it's on, sometimes it's off, and it -- it hampers their ability to have a decent quality of life.

Raúl Molinar: Gracias, Vicepresidenta. Lo que ella dijo de que fue un honor tener a Jennifer Lopez con ella en su rally dice que ella habló la verdad. Dijo que Trump hace comentarios de odio y que lo que hace es dividir a la gente y que esos comentarios son injustos. Dice que ella su compromiso es con Puerto Rico y que lo tiene desde hace mucho, que siempre ha sido parte de su plan para la isla el traer a la industria privada varios recursos de organizaciones sin fines de lucro, también para mejorar a las empresas que están allá y mejorar trabajos y que también lo que quiere es mejorar el sistema eléctrico de la isla, que sabe que es algo que se necesita tanto en negocios, en hogares, etcétera, etcétera. [Machine translation: Thank you, Vice President. What she said about it being an honor to have Jennifer Lopez with her at her rally says that she spoke the truth. She said that Trump makes hateful comments and that what he does is divide people and that those comments are unfair. She says that her commitment is to Puerto Rico and that she has had it for a long time, that it has always been part of her plan for the island to bring various resources from non-profit organizations to the private industry, also to improve the companies that are there and improve jobs and that she also wants to improve the island's electrical system, which she knows is something that is needed in businesses, in homes, etcetera, etcetera.]

Raúl Molinar: Vicepresidenta Y hablando también de la economía. Pero aquí en los Estados Unidos, qué opina usted de la situación en este momento, de esta recesión que estamos viviendo y cuál es? Más que nada su plan para mejorar la economía de los Estados Unidos si usted llegara a la presidencia. [Machine translation: Vice President: Speaking of the economy, here in the United States, what do you think about the situation right now, about this recession that we are experiencing, and what is it? More than anything, your plan to improve the United States economy if you were to become president.]

Kamala Harris: So Raúl, first of all, I'll tell you my plan for the economy has been reviewed by top economists in the country from Goldman Sachs to 23 Nobel Laureates who have reviewed my plan and -- and have announced and let us know my plan will strengthen America's economy as compared to Donald Trump's plan that would weaken America's economy. Specifically my vision of the economy for growth is what I call an opportunity economy: understanding that everyone has ambition they have hard work ethic they have the hard work ethic, they have the skills but not always the access to the resources to achieve their goals and their dreams.

Kamala Harris: So for example on the issue of home ownership, my plan includes a $25,000 downpayment assistance for first time homebuyers, so they can just get their foot in the door. They will then do the work of saving up to pay the mortgage every month. My plan includes investing in small businesses. I love small businesses. Our second mother was a small business owner.

Kamala Harris: So that is about a tax break for small businesses, including right now, the tax deduction for small businesses is $5,000. I'm going to increase it tenfold to $50,000 and increase access to capital. And, for so many of our startup small businesses, they just need a little extra help to buy the equipment to actually run their small business. So if they're at a certain level, they will be entitled to a $20,000 non-refundable loan, meaning they don't have to pay it back, but that's the thing that will help them buy the equipment they need to actually start their business, to grow it and to be strong.

Kamala Harris: My plan includes a $6,000 tax cut for young families for the first year of their child's life, to help them be able to pay for childcare or buy a crib and a car seat and -- and those things that are so fundamental during the early stages of their child's development, knowing all of our young parents want to parent their children well, but don't always have the resources.

Kamala Harris: So these are some examples of how I think about what we will do to strengthen the economy. And you can look at the top economists in the country who agree with me that this is a way to strengthen the overall economy when we strengthen the middle class of America.

Raúl Molinar: Muchas gracias, Vicepresidenta. Lo que ella dijo es de que su plan para mejorar la economía ha sido revisado por varios expertos como Goldman Sachs, entre otros, y que le han dicho que su plan va a fortalecer la economía, mientras que el plan de Donald Trump la va a debilitar. Y dice que su visión de la economía es fortalecer, porque es una economía de oportunidades, sobre todo para la gente que también quiere comprar casa y que les va a dar asistencia de 25.000 $. [Machine translation: Thank you very much, Vice President. What she said is that her plan to improve the economy has been reviewed by several experts such as Goldman Sachs, among others, and they have told her that her plan will strengthen the economy, while Donald Trump's plan will weaken it. And she says that her vision of the economy is to strengthen it, because it is an economy of opportunities, especially for people who also want to buy a house, and that she will give them assistance of $25,000.]

Raúl Molinar: Ella dice que quiere también invertir en pequeños negocios con ayuda de impuestos, entre otras cosas. Tenemos con nosotros a la vicepresidenta de los Estados Unidos, Kamala Harris, y también candidata a la presidencia de los Estados Unidos por el Partido Demócrata. Y yo le tengo una última pregunta. Esta es la última oportunidad para hablarle a toda la comunidad latina, hombres y mujeres, justo antes de las elecciones el día de mañana. [Machine translation: She says she also wants to invest in small businesses with tax relief, among other things. We have with us the Vice President of the United States, Kamala Harris, who is also a candidate for the presidency of the United States from the Democratic Party. And I have one last question for you. This is the last opportunity to speak to the entire Latino community, men and women, just before the elections tomorrow.]

Raúl Molinar: Cuál sería su último mensaje para todas esas personas que tal vez están indecisas? Si votar por el Partido Demócrata Republicano o por alguien más? [Machine translation: What would be your final message to all those people who are perhaps undecided? Whether to vote for the Democratic Republican Party or for someone else?]

Kamala Harris: Well, you know, there's a very different -- there's a big choice here, and my vision and my leadership is about the future. Donald Trump is about taking us backward. My leadership is about a new generation of leadership for America, that is invested in the ambition and the hopes and dreams of the American people. My vision is about what we do to strengthen the economy which includes bringing down the cost of living for people including the cost of groceries.

Kamala Harris: He -- Donald Trump admires dictators. He has said he would be a dictator on day one. He said he would weaponize the Department of Justice against his political enemies. Donald Trump talks about an enemies list. Raúl, on day one, January 20th, there will be a new president and it's either going to be Donald Trump or me. Donald Trump, if he were elected which by the way he won't be, but if he were elected, he's gonna walk in there with an enemies list.

Kamala Harris: When I walk in there on day one. I will walk in there with a to-do list to work on behalf of the American people. I am a hard worker. I am going to work on behalf of the American people, their families, their dreams, their aspirations, and do it with a spirit of understanding. All people deserve dignity, they deserve to be respected, and they deserve to have a president who lift them up instead of trying to beat them down.

Raúl Molinar: Gracias, Vicepresidenta. Lo que ella dijo es de que su liderazgo es sobre el futuro, mientras que el de Donald Trump es del pasado. Dice que ella quiere ayudar a la gente. Son una nueva generación de liderazgo y que su visión es bajar el costo de vida para que la gente viva mejor. Y que Donald Trump admira a los dictadores y que él ha dicho que será un dictador y que va a llegar a la presidencia con una lista de enemigos. [Machine translation: Thank you, Vice President. What she said is that her leadership is about the future, while Donald Trump's is about the past. She says that she wants to help people. They are a new generation of leadership and that her vision is to lower the cost of living so that people can live better. And that Donald Trump admires dictators and that he has said that he will be a dictator and that he will come into the presidency with a list of enemies.]

Raúl Molinar: Ella quiere que en enero del 2025 haya un nuevo presidente y que sea ella una mujer trabajadora, dedicada y que eso es lo que ella quiere hacer por nuestra gente en este país. Desde el primer día. Y dice que lo quiere hacer de una manera correcta. Señoras y señores, con nosotros, la vicepresidenta. Kamala Harris, candidata a la presidencia de los Estados Unidos por el Partido Demócrata. [Machine translation: She wants a new president in January 2025, and she wants to be a hard-working, dedicated woman, and that is what she wants to do for our people in this country. From day one. And she says she wants to do it the right way. Ladies and gentlemen, with us is the vice president, Kamala Harris, the Democratic Party's candidate for president of the United States.]

Raúl Molinar: Gracias por su tiempo. Y gracias por estar aquí con nosotros. [Machine translation: Thank you for your time. And thank you for being here with us.]

Kamala Harris: Thank you so very much, Raúl. Take care. Thank you.