Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-interview-dl-hughley-radio-show-madison-october-31-2024

Kamala Harris: America, we know what Donald Trump has in mind: more chaos, more division. I offer a different path and I ask for your vote. D.L. it's Kamala. Can you hear me?

D.L. Hughley: How are you, my dear? How are you? Vice President, how are you?

Kamala Harris: Hi. Yeah, I am very well. I am very well.

D.L. Hughley: I got to tell you that it's oftentimes when you see somebody start a journey, they become different at the end of it. But the fact that you've kept the same joy, the same pace, the same enthusiasm says that you're really invested in this thing. What is the state of the race right now?

Kamala Harris: You know, the state of the race is that I do believe we are going to win, but it will be because we are taking every minute seriously and talking with folks about the stakes, reminding them of the power of their voice and not to let any circumstance or situation silence their power. And you know, ultimately I do believe that this is really about a fight for the future.

Kamala Harris: And most folks want to be able to dictate what the future of their country looks like.

D.L. Hughley: Sure, sure. Do you think that -- because you've faced a lot of headwinds. I think you're a decidedly different candidate than you were in 2019. I think that we're a decidedly different country, and I very rarely seen a person meet the moment like the moment -- there is a moment now, this -- United States of America has had Trump at the top of the ticket for 10 straight years.

D.L. Hughley: And I think being able to articulate the exhaustion and enthusiasm, lack of it -- like people are exhausted. Like, ultimately, you want to wake up, have your leaders do their jobs, and not have to hear about what they're doing every day. And I think that is something that is invaluable in terms of what we're going through right now.

D.L. Hughley: But a lot of people wonder what's the difference, what's the discernible difference. You know, a lot of people are apathetic. What would you say the starkest difference between what you offer in the United States of America versus what he offers?

Kamala Harris: I think the biggest difference is probably that I believe in the ambition, the aspirations, and the dreams of the American people. And I work hard to invest in that, whether it be giving people the opportunity for home ownership, with my plan, to give first-time home buyers a $25,000 down payment assistance.

Kamala Harris: Whether it be my knowledge of how our small businesses are part of the economic fabric of our communities and the economic backbone of America's economy, and so extending tax relief from $5,000 to $50,000 for our small businesses, including for our start-ups, $20,000 nonrefundable loans to help people buy the equipment or set up the website that is necessary for their business to actually be successful.

Kamala Harris: My plan is about investing $6,000 in the first year of a child's life, knowing that those young parents have a natural desire to parent their children well, but not always the resources. And that money will not only help them buy a car seat or a crib but would actually lift American children out of poverty.

Kamala Harris: So, these are the ways that I think about the world. And I'll tell you, D.L., you know me well enough to know I am a hard worker.

D.L. Hughley: Man, man.

Kamala Harris: I believe in getting things done. I --

D.L. Hughley: I thought I was a hard worker until I saw your schedule, and then I'm like, "Damn." You know what's interesting? I've been on a number -- we've talked even before you were vice president, and you don't -- you may not -- I'm sure you do. We talked before you were vice president and I said, "I'm going to do whatever I can to make you president."

D.L. Hughley: I didn't say vice president. That was in November of 2023. I think that --

Kamala Harris: That's true.

D.L. Hughley: What you have done in terms of formulating an agenda -- and I think being a coauthor because the "Agenda for Black Men" was written by Black men. You listen to a bunch of Black men from all across the country. You took their advice. And this is the plan, we wrote this -- you coauthored it, but we authored it.

Kamala Harris: You are so right.

D.L. Hughley: And what was the incentive for making sure that Black men were heard?

Kamala Harris: Because first of all, I know that our men have all kinds of talent, ideas, work ethic, but we know for historical reasons, and the current situation is that they don't always have access to the resources and the opportunities that allow them to actually achieve their ambition and their goals. And I -- you know, I mean I grew up with and around Black men.

Kamala Harris: I know what I'm talking about. And as vice president and as and soon-to-be, with everyone's help, president, I know that we have to do better. And it has to be about not only understanding the economic dreams and desires that are more than just getting a job, I mean we have historic low Black unemployment, but it's more than that.

Kamala Harris: Brothers want the opportunity to build wealth to buy the car they want to drive, to get their kids the Christmas gifts that the kids want, to take their family on a nice vacation from time to time. So, my agenda, and informed agenda, and you are right, with the contribution of so many leaders, has been about a wealth-creation agenda.

Kamala Harris: It is about seeing Black men in the whole picture of who they are. So, a lot of my agenda is also about dealing with health concerns. I have a whole health initiative for Black men that I will implement as president that deals with the fact that our men have higher rates of colon cancer and prostate cancer and are less likely to get early detection and therefore treatment.

Kamala Harris: And I want to deal with that because it does not have to be this way. I know that our men are fathers and grandfathers and uncles and brothers, and they want to be recognized for the work that they do, be it taking care of their elder parents. And so, part of my agenda is to say Medicare should help cover the cost of home health care for our seniors, so that that gentleman does not have to leave his job to take care of his parents.

Kamala Harris: This is how I think about it. And it is not just about just checking a box or a political agenda. It's about what I know actually makes the country stronger for everyone.

D.L. Hughley: You know, I've had heated -- we've had heated conversations before to get to this point. This immigration, it really is a raging debate. And I know it's a tough one, it can't be solved in just -- and you're going to need participation. What do you think the starkest difference between what they, on the other side, want to do and what it is you plan to do first day as president?

Kamala Harris: Well, I'm about solutions. They want to run on problems for their political -- and Donald Trump wants to run, in particular, on this problem so that he can score points by scaring people instead of fixing a problem. I supported a bipartisan bill to strengthen the border, to put 1,500 more border agents at the border, deal with the flow of fentanyl, which is killing so many people across every demographic, Black, white, from every different region of the country.

Kamala Harris: But he killed that bill because he wants it to be a problem, so he can run on it because he otherwise has nothing to run on that's about a positive plan for America. And D.L., you know this, I have prosecuted transnational criminal organizations. I have prosecuted cartels, the Sinaloa cartel, others.

Kamala Harris: I know what I'm talking about. I am always going to put as my highest order of business to make sure our border is secure. And at the same time, I also know we need a comprehensive plan for a pathway for citizenship of people who are hardworking dreamers, farm workers who are prepared to do the hard work to earn their citizenship.

Kamala Harris: And I know we can do both. It's a false choice to say it's one or the other. But it has to be about genuinely wanting to fix a problem, which I do. Donald Trump wants to run on that problem.

D.L. Hughley: Do you know why I think you smile so much? Do you know why I think you smile so much? I know there's a cunningness to you to -- like, when I watched that debate and I saw you smile, I went, "I knew it was over" because I've seen that smile before and been on the other end of it. But these last few --

Kamala Harris: Oh, D.L. But, I mean, on all seriousness, you've been using your voice and your show to really just make sure that everybody knows their power. And I thank you for your leadership in that way and in so many others. I really do.

D.L. Hughley: I can't wait to call you president. I'm very proud of you, and you keep smiling. You know, you keep doing it. I'm -- you have -- this is the first time I can say that I've watched somebody, you know, start from a very turbulent place like we weren't -- where we are now. I think the party as a party, it isn't where it was then.

D.L. Hughley: I think as a nation, we're not where we was then. And I think you're a beacon of hope. And I hope that not only do you win. I hope that you win in places that people never imagined you would. There's a reason that so many people who come -- who will cross lines to join your agenda. There's a reason that so many people who are fractious have decided to put their energy and emphasis behind what you believe in.

D.L. Hughley: And I think whether they agree with everything you do or not, they think that the bare bones of a great leader are there. So, we will talk to you when you're president.

Kamala Harris: That's two days to go. I appreciate you so much, D.L. Hughley.

D.L. Hughley: Thank you. Thank you.

Kamala Harris: I really appreciate you. Thank you. I'll talk to you soon.

D.L. Hughley: OK. Be good -- be well. Thank you.

Kamala Harris: All right. Bye-bye.

Unidentified: It's all new for your afternoon drive, "The D.L. Hughley Show."