Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-interview-mary-bruce-wtvd-raleigh-north-carolina-october-30-2024

Joel Brown: Right now in "Your Voice, Your Vote," battleground North Carolina continues to be in the spotlight.

Amber Rupinta: ABC News in Raleigh today covering Vice President Kamala Harris' rally with voters here. Chief White House correspondent, Mary Bruce, joining us now. Good to see you, Mary. We heard Harris' speech today in Raleigh. I know you got a chance to speak to her right after that. What did she have to say?

Mary Bruce: It's great to be with you guys. Yes, we did have a chance to talk with the vice president after her rally here this afternoon and a chance to press her. You know, as she makes this closing argument in this final sprint up to the election, we asked her, you know, about her top priorities. What is going to be at the top of that to-do list on day one? We also discussed the possibility that Donald Trump could not accept the election results again.

Mary Bruce: And we also talked to her about the news of the day, something Donald Trump is seizing on. These comments by President Biden seeming to suggest that he's calling Trump's supporters garbage. Take a listen.

Note: [Begin video clip]

Mary Bruce: I want to start with something that Donald Trump is seizing on today. Trump says that while you were making your closing pitch for unity last night, President Biden was calling his supporters garbage. What did you think when you heard President Biden make those comments.

Kamala Harris: Well, first of all, I think that the president has explained what he meant. But I've -- I've said it earlier, I strongly disagree with any criticism of people based on who they vote for and --and that I've made that clear throughout my career and including my speech last night before I think this all happened, which is I intend to be a president for all Americans and including those who may not vote for me in this election.

Kamala Harris: I take very seriously my obligation and my oath to concern myself first with the needs of the American people and put them before whatever might be my selfish issues.

Note: [End video clip]

Mary Bruce: Now, Kamala Harris there, clearly trying to put a little bit of distance between her and the comments that the president made. The concern here, politically, is that even though President Biden has come out and made clear he says he wasn't talking about Trump's supporters writ large, he says -- the White House says he was talking only about a comedian who made some vulgar and lewd comments at one of Trump's recent rallies.

Mary Bruce: But the concern overall is that this -- this comment from President Biden comes as Kamala Harris is out here really making this final appeal to unity. And the concern is that President Biden's comments may sort of step on her message. But clearly, she's trying to move ahead and move forward as she continues to try and court critical votes here.

Joel Brown: And by telling you, Mary Bruce, she strongly disagrees with the president. Mary, Donald Trump is also right here in North Carolina today, about 60 miles away, talking to voters in Rocky Mount. I guess it's a testament to the role our state is playing in the presidential race.

Mary Bruce: It sure is. I mean there is a very clear and important reason why you are seeing both candidates here today with just six days out and why they have been here many, many times over the recent weeks and months. This state is critical. I don't think you can overstate just how critical voters are in this state.

Mary Bruce: Because look, we know that in an election, in a race that is this tight, that is this neck and neck -- you guys have seen all the polling, you guys are being inundated by all the ads, you know what's at stake here. But it really is going to come down to just a tiny sliver of voters in these key battleground states.

Mary Bruce: Now, the good news, guys, six days, those ads are going to be over soon.

Joel Brown: It will be all over soon. Mary Bruce with the ABC News exclusive. Mary. Thanks for joining us.