Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-interview-shannon-sharpe-club-shay-shay-podcast-october-28-2024

Shannon Sharpe: The woman that's stopping by for conversation and a drink today, she's the highest ranking woman in US history. She's made a career of being first. She's the first woman to serve as attorney general African American, Asian American descent. She's also district -- she's been district attorney of San Francisco.

Shannon Sharpe: She was the nation's first Indian American senator. She's the first woman first Black Asian American to be elected vice president. She's set the record for the most tie-breaking votes cast by a vice president. She's the first Black woman Asian American in US history to win the presidential nomination of a major party.

Shannon Sharpe: She's the first HBCU grad -- making us proud. She's a Howard University alum. She's a member of the prestigious Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority. Here she is in person, Madam VP Kamala Harris. Madam VP, how you doing?

Kamala Harris: Thank you. Very well, Shannon. How are you doing?

Shannon Sharpe: It is an extreme honor, privilege, and a pleasure to have you on "Club Shay Shay." CJ, who's the producer here, when we started this journey, Madam VP, four years ago, celebrities, athletes, entertainers, influencers.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Shannon Sharpe: VPs and presidential hopefuls weren't on the bingo card. You here, so I want to thank you very much.

Kamala Harris: I thank you.

Shannon Sharpe: When we have guests come on, Madam VP, we like to toast. And what I read on this card, you didn't -- you don't deserve this. You earned this, being the first in so many areas. And you make us proud. I just want you to know you make us proud --

Kamala Harris: Thank you.

Shannon Sharpe: For what you've been able to accomplish. And we're 12 days away, and we hope you have an even greater accomplishment.

Kamala Harris: Thank you, Shannon.

Shannon Sharpe: So, here's to continued success in everything you've done and everything that you will do.

Kamala Harris: Oh, bless you, and thank you. And to you, Shannon.

Shannon Sharpe: Thank you.

Kamala Harris: To you for all the success and the voice you give to so many issues. Thank you for that.

Shannon Sharpe: Thank you very much.

Kamala Harris: Thank you. And cheers to you.

Shannon Sharpe: Cheers. And what was that?

Kamala Harris: And I'm not going to actually drink this because I might fall asleep, and I need to do this event with Barack Obama this afternoon.

Shannon Sharpe: I don't -- I don't want you to fall asleep. We don't want you to fall asleep.

Kamala Harris: So, here's -- here we are. Cheers to everybody.

Shannon Sharpe: So, before we get into the things that you want to do once you become president of the United States, I want to go back when you found out when President Biden called you and said that he was no longer going to seek reelection.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Shannon Sharpe: And you got that call, do you remember where you were and what you thought when you heard him say these words to you?

Kamala Harris: I do. So, I was home. It was a Sunday afternoon. And my niece, her husband, and their two young daughters were visiting and staying with us. And I promised the kids I'd have pancakes and bacon and everything.

Shannon Sharpe: OK.

Kamala Harris: And then after that, I had a puzzle for the kids, and we were sitting down to do the puzzle.

Shannon Sharpe: OK.

Kamala Harris: And the phone rang.

Shannon Sharpe: OK.

Kamala Harris: And it was President Biden. And so, that's when he told me. And it was obviously life-changing in so many ways. But, you know, I have to tell you, Shannon, I -- at that moment I knew what it would mean but not in the detail of it, but I certainly understood the seriousness and the gravity of the moment. And, actually, one of the first people I called was my pastor.

Shannon Sharpe: Wow, OK.

Kamala Harris: I knew I needed a moment to just be still and for my spirit and my mind to have clarity about the seriousness of the moment and my role. And I'll never forget that --

Shannon Sharpe: Right.

Kamala Harris: That call or that moment or that day.

Shannon Sharpe: Your life instantaneously changed in that moment --

Kamala Harris: Yes, it did.

Shannon Sharpe: Because now, all of a sudden, you weren't going to be running -- you weren't going to be the VP anymore. You were going to be front and center.

Kamala Harris: Right.

Shannon Sharpe: And you knew what the undertaking, having been four years as the vice president, what that moment would mean.

Kamala Harris: I had a -- I had a sense of it, you know, like so many of us, you know, when you -- you know. You -- this is your life, right? So, there are those moments where your instinct kicks in sometimes before your conscious mind and thoughts do.

Shannon Sharpe: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: And my instinct kicked in immediately that I need to focus and I need to do certain things immediately, which included making -- I think we estimated I made over 100 calls that day. My team -- and I have an incredible team -- all came in. And, you know, nobody expected it, right? It was a Sunday afternoon.

Shannon Sharpe: Correct.

Kamala Harris: In fact, we actually joked who had taken a shower that day because, you know, people came in in their workout clothes.

Shannon Sharpe: Right.

Kamala Harris: You know, different people and, you know, bandana around their head just, you know -- and came in. And we then -- for hours and hours, well into the night.

Shannon Sharpe: Did you tell them -- did you tell them why you had summoned them to come to your place? Did you give them that news or you -- were you waiting for them to get there to share that news with them?

Kamala Harris: Well, so, the news started --

Shannon Sharpe: To leak out.

Kamala Harris: As you can imagine -- pretty much immediately. And -- but, you know, of the many blessings that I have and have had, one of them is an incredible team of people around me. You know what that's like. --

Shannon Sharpe: Yes.

Kamala Harris: Where they're just there, and they will rise to a moment. And no matter how high that moment is or meaning how -- how serious it is. And what I love -- and it's certainly my own work ethic -- that there is no job too small or too big if there's something that needs to get done.

Shannon Sharpe: So, although you have a huge role now, what's a typical day like for you now once you've been thrust into this? What time do you normally get into bed? What time are you getting up? And what are some of the activities that you do in a given day?

Kamala Harris: I -- I'm having -- I'd probably estimate 14-hour, 15-hour days.

Shannon Sharpe: OK.

Kamala Harris: When I wake up, no matter how little sleep or how much sleep I've had, I work out every morning.

Shannon Sharpe: OK. OK.

Kamala Harris: You know -- you know.

Shannon Sharpe: Yes.

Kamala Harris: It's -- mind, body, and spirit, right? And -- and then, you know, and it's -- that's the only time in my day I really own. And then it is -- these days I -- it's not unusual for me to be in three or even four cities in one day, rallies with thousands of people, 10,000 people showing up, making calls to folks.

Kamala Harris: Just now, I landed in Atlanta, the mayor of Atlanta who greets me every single time --

Shannon Sharpe: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: So, I'll talk with elected leaders who are supportive about -- so, for example, here in Atlanta, what do we need to do to make sure that we're giving folks the resources to knock on doors and remind folks of the power of their voice. And 12 days in, it really is a lot about trying to focus on getting folks to know their power to not let anybody suppress or silence their voice and to vote.

Shannon Sharpe: Right. So, breakfast. What does -- what does -- what does Madam VP eat for breakfast? Or do you have time to -- or is it on the go?

Kamala Harris: No, I -- I -- you know, I -- when I was younger, I didn't think I needed breakfast. I wasn't a breakfast eater.

Shannon Sharpe: OK.

Kamala Harris: Now, I have breakfast every morning. It's usually a -- a spinach omelet. It's not very exciting.

Shannon Sharpe: Right.

Kamala Harris: But it's protein with a little vegetable. And, you know, I -- I like chicken apple sausage and -- and some toast. And then I'm -- I'm gone.

Shannon Sharpe: Madam VP, you're a couple of years older than myself, so we kind of grew up in the '80s --

Kamala Harris: Thank you.

Shannon Sharpe: But I'm only -- I'm only 35.

Kamala Harris: Come on now. I'm your guest.

Shannon Sharpe: No, but you're only 30 -- but you -- but we -- we grew up in the --

Kamala Harris: But -- just keep moving because you -- I'm going to give you a shovel in a minute.

Shannon Sharpe: I see. I see you won't let it go. Dang! We could have just moved on past that real quick, but you drew attention to it. But we -- we grew up in the '70s with music.

Kamala Harris: Yes.

Shannon Sharpe: Earth, Wind & Fire; Ohio Players.

Kamala Harris: Oh, yes. "Fire," you -- I mean, come on.

Shannon Sharpe: Oh, you like "Fire"?

Kamala Harris: Come on.

Shannon Sharpe: OK!

Kamala Harris: Dun-dun-dun, dun-dun-dun-nun.

Shannon Sharpe: Yes. Yes. What do you listen to now?

Kamala Harris: Oh, you know, I wish I were listening to more music to be honest with you. Because I love -- it just -- but when I do --

Shannon Sharpe: Do you have downtime? Like when you have downtime, you don't --

Kamala Harris: I don't have any downtime, really.

Shannon Sharpe: Aw.

Kamala Harris: I know my little violin I'm playing right now with you. I really don't. But when I -- I love -- I love jazz, you know, if it's from Thelonious Monk to Miles Davis. I love Aretha. I was just with Stevie.

Shannon Sharpe: Right, I saw --

Kamala Harris: Stevie -- can I tell you?

Shannon Sharpe: Yes, you can.

Kamala Harris: Bucket list -- Stevie Wonder, on my birthday, sang me "Happy Birthday." Can you believe --

Shannon Sharpe: Happy birth --

Kamala Harris: Day to me.

Shannon Sharpe: Oh, my God.

Kamala Harris: Can you imagine?

Shannon Sharpe: No.

Kamala Harris: I was -- I was literally -- I -- it was -- it was surreal. Can you -- a bucket list moment --

Shannon Sharpe: Right.

Kamala Harris: When Stevie Wonder himself sings you "Happy Birthday."

Shannon Sharpe: As an 18-year-old --

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Shannon Sharpe: Could you imagine --

Kamala Harris: Never.

Shannon Sharpe: Your life would have been like this --

Kamala Harris: Never.

Shannon Sharpe: This many years later?

Kamala Harris: Never. And let me tell you, my mother loved -- she had every Stevie and every Aretha Franklin record, every album, like literally every one of them. So, for -- I mean, you know, "Songs in the Key of Life." Like all those -- all those Stevie songs that were about everything from the movement to optimism. I would have never, at 18, thought that he'd be singing me "Happy Birthday" ever.

Kamala Harris: Never, never.

Shannon Sharpe: That's the least -- I mean -- but obviously, everybody knows who Stevie, and he was a child prodigy, 13 years old.

Kamala Harris: Yes. Yes.

Shannon Sharpe: And he was doing great things. But to see, Madame VP, what you've been able to do, you've had so many firsts. The first attorney general -- woman attorney general, African American, Asian American descent. You was the DA of San Francisco. You was the first Indian American US senator.

Kamala Harris: And second Black woman ever in the history of the United States Senate elected. Second in the history of the United States Senate.

Shannon Sharpe: Have you had an opportunity to just sit back and reflect and say, "Wow"? But work is not yet done.

Kamala Harris: That's more where I am. The work is not done. The work is not yet done. There's so much to do. I mean, from -- to your point being in the Senate, so I -- there is a weight of responsibility that I -- I know we all feel, right, when we have been blessed with an experience that allows us to be a role model --

Shannon Sharpe: Right.

Kamala Harris: And to, hopefully, inspire people and to remind them of what's important or point out the things that need to be addressed. So, for example, as only the second Black woman elected to the United States Senate, I took on a real role of leadership around Black maternal mortality, which affects Black women and affects their spouses, their husbands, their families, their children.

Kamala Harris: And I feel a sense of responsibility and a very strong duty to make sure that I use my voice and, in a way, that is about lifting up people who have not always been in the room. [Commercial break]

Shannon Sharpe: If you could speak to your 18-year-old self, what would you tell her?

Kamala Harris: If I could speak to my 18-year-old self, I would probably tell her, "Continue to keep your friends." You know my best friend from kindergarten is still one of my best friends.

Shannon Sharpe: What?

Kamala Harris: Yes. In fact --

Shannon Sharpe: Nobody --

Kamala Harris: In fact, she's --

Shannon Sharpe: Nobody since the first grade -- as best friend?

Kamala Harris: She's -- yes. In fact, she's been out knocking on doors in North Carolina just this last week for me.

Shannon Sharpe: Wow!

Kamala Harris: I would say, you know, hold on to those to -- hold on to that, which is your friends are so important. Your family is so important. I would probably encourage myself at 18 to remember that you have a lot of people who are supporting you even if they don't know you. You know, that's what I mentor a lot of people, Shannon.

Kamala Harris: So, this is what I'm really reflecting on, which is what I tell the young people I mentor, including to know that -- even when you are in that room and you're the only one who looks like you or who has had your life experience, to know you are not alone in that room and that you must, therefore, walk in that room chin up, shoulders back, knowing we're all there applauding you.

Kamala Harris: When I mentor young women and men, I remind them that you are often going to be told, "Well, it's not your time, not your turn, you're too young, nobody like you has done this before." And I tell them, you know, "Don't you ever listen to that." I like to say I eat no for breakfast. I don't hear no. You ask me what I eat for breakfast.

Kamala Harris: I eat no breakfast.

Shannon Sharpe: No.

Kamala Harris: I don't hear it.

Shannon Sharpe: Right.

Kamala Harris: And that's part of what are my life lessons that I try to share with young people to remind them that you cannot ever be burdened by other people's limited ability to understand who you are. Like don't let their limited ability burden you --

Shannon Sharpe: Right.

Kamala Harris: About your own ability. You know?

Shannon Sharpe: Madam VP, you were raised by a single mom. What did that experience tell you about your mom, and what did it tell you about you?

Kamala Harris: Well, it told me that one of the things that is precious is to build community and family.

Shannon Sharpe: OK.

Kamala Harris: Like my mother, she -- she understood that there is a community that she wanted her children to be raised in, and she was very intentional and purposeful about that. And so, I always say to people, even when I took the stage as the nominee for the Democratic nomination, that, you know, there is the family that you have by birth, and there is also the family you have by love.

Kamala Harris: And they're equally family.

Shannon Sharpe: Yes.

Kamala Harris: Right? And I learned that from my mother. So, my mother -- I had all these aunties and uncles. My Uncle Sherman, who was one of the first Black men to graduate from Berkeley School of Law, who, when we were young girls, sat us down and taught us how to play chess -- because Uncle Sherman said you need to understand how the chess board works because that's the way the world works.

Kamala Harris: They're going to be different players with different moves, and you need to see the whole board. My mother raised us around like my Auntie Chris [ph], who went to Howard in the '50s and pledged Alpha Kappa Alpha. And she was one of my incredible role models growing up, and that was one of the big reasons I wanted to go to Howard University and pledge Alpha Kappa Alpha.

Kamala Harris: Those were some of the lessons that I've learned from my mother and I try to also share with people, right, which is the beauty of community. And it's -- it's the way I am, right, which is, you know, the children in my life, whether they be my own or, you know, my godchildren or whomever, right. That it's a collective responsibility that we have.

Shannon Sharpe: Did you -- did you know you were different? I mean, were there a lot of people in the community that looked like you or like your mom? Or did your mom tell you you were different?

Kamala Harris: Well, my mother taught us to -- and everyone in my growing up, you know, they would tell all of us kids that we were special.

Shannon Sharpe: OK.

Kamala Harris: I don't think we were particularly special.

Shannon Sharpe: Right.

Kamala Harris: But they told us we were, and we believed them.

Shannon Sharpe: Yes.

Kamala Harris: We believed them. I think that's such an important part of what we can all do for the children and the children in our lives. And, you know -- but my mother raised two Black girls to be proud Black women. One of -- back to music, one of the soundtracks from my childhood was, you know, you are "Young, Gifted and Black." You know?

Kamala Harris: And that's what it was. [Commercial break]

Shannon Sharpe: You lost your mom to cancer.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Shannon Sharpe: You were very close to your mom because she was a single parent, and that was pretty much what you had, although you had a community to help raise you.

Kamala Harris: Yes. Yes.

Shannon Sharpe: How did you deal -- how did you cope with that loss?

Kamala Harris: Grief is difficult. It's difficult. You know, there are two sides to the coin about when you have relationships in your life that touch you deeply. And then to lose that person, it leaves a big void, right? That's the two sides. And I think that part of what -- I was just talking about this -- but the big part about grief is, especially if you lose somebody to -- to a sickness, to an illness, I think it's really important that you try to remember them as they lived and not as they died.

Shannon Sharpe: Right.

Kamala Harris: Because I think that's how they'd want us to remember them. But also to remember their suffering, which hopefully was a fraction of their time on this Earth, is to compound the grief in a way that I think -- it adds to the pain. And what they'd want is that their active memory -- that our active memory of them is about when they were vibrant and alive.

Shannon Sharpe: Right.

Kamala Harris: So...

Shannon Sharpe: Let's get into things that will change what will happen if you were to become president, say, in the next 12 to 13 days. Polls suggest that voters trust President Trump -- former President Trump more on the economy. What can you tell the voters, our viewing audience, our listening audience, that if you were to become president, why Madam VP Kamala Harris will be much better on the economy than what President Trump was?

Kamala Harris: Well -- so, I'm really glad you brought that up, Shannon. So, first of all, let's clear up certain myths.

Shannon Sharpe: OK.

Kamala Harris: You know those checks that went out.

Shannon Sharpe: Yes. Those stimmies?

Kamala Harris: Right. Right.

Shannon Sharpe: The stimulus check.

Kamala Harris: Yeah, I know. Well, all right. Yes. Yes.

Shannon Sharpe: We got to be -- stimulus, but they called them stimmies. OK.

Kamala Harris: The reason those came about is because there was a Democratic majority in the House of Representatives in Congress, people like Maxine Waters, people like Hakeem Jeffries, right --

Shannon Sharpe: Yes.

Kamala Harris: Who did the work of pushing to say people need help right now, and we need to send out checks. There was a whole lot of opposition to it, including from Donald Trump's White House.

Shannon Sharpe: Yes. Even him, I don't think he was resistant to it at first.

Kamala Harris: And him -- yes. That's why those checks -- remember, Congress holds the purse.

Shannon Sharpe: Yes.

Kamala Harris: So, really, Congress wrote those checks, but then Donald Trump, unlike any president before or after, decided he'd put his name on those checks.

Shannon Sharpe: So, therefore, people thought --

Kamala Harris: So, people thought, "Donald Trump gave me that check." And so, let's clear that up first and foremost --

Shannon Sharpe: OIK.

Kamala Harris: But let's also deal with where he was in terms of his policies on the economy. He gave the biggest tax cuts for billionaires and the biggest corporations, which caused an incredible deficit. He tried to get rid of the Affordable Care Act, which we also call Obamacare, which benefited so many people, including and in particular Black people in America who otherwise were denied by the insurance companies health coverage because of preexisting conditions.

Shannon Sharpe: Yes. That's most important: let the people know.

Kamala Harris: Right.

Shannon Sharpe: With the Affordable Care Act, if you have a preexisting condition, insurance companies can no longer deny you coverage.

Kamala Harris: That's exactly right. And if you think about what that means in the context of also knowing the big health disparities we have in the Black community --

Shannon Sharpe: Correct.

Kamala Harris: And how more likely, therefore, Black folks might be to have preexisting conditions --

Shannon Sharpe: High blood pressure, diabetes --

Kamala Harris: All of that.

Shannon Sharpe: Certain cancers.

Kamala Harris: All of that.

Shannon Sharpe: Yes.

Kamala Harris: Asthma for our children.

Shannon Sharpe: Yes. Sickle cell trait.

Kamala Harris: It's all of that. So, by getting rid of the preexisting condition ban, what that did -- but he wanted to get rid of the Affordable Care Act.

Shannon Sharpe: Right.

Kamala Harris: What we have done in part of my policy as going forward include what we need to do to not only retain the cap that we got on insulin at $35 a month for seniors -- by the way, Black folks are 60 percent more likely to be diagnosed with diabetes.

Shannon Sharpe: Correct.

Kamala Harris: He wants to get rid of it with that Project 2025. Everybody needs to check that out. What he would do to get rid of Social Security or, at least, raise the age to 70, so you'd have to work to 70 to -- to be able to qualify --

Shannon Sharpe: Right.

Kamala Harris: Get rid of Medicare, get rid of the Affordable Care Act. And that's just on health policy. Not to mention bringing back, not only tax cuts for the richest people, but what he would do that is about eliminating or reducing the ability of corporations to require -- be required to pay overtime -- overtime pay.

Shannon Sharpe: So you'd have -- you could work, and the corporations wouldn't have to pay you for it?

Kamala Harris: For overtime.

Shannon Sharpe: Who'd work for free?

Kamala Harris: That's right. And overtime means you are actually working a longer day, which means you are more tired --

Shannon Sharpe: Right.

Kamala Harris: Which means it requires more exertion. That's why we have overtime pay, so you don't take advantage of workers. In addition to all of that, we're looking at Donald Trump, basically, somebody who has never been understanding of the issues that affect the community about disparities. And I'm going to talk, for example, about how when he was a landlord, he denied rent to Black families.

Kamala Harris: You look at what he did in terms of taking out a full-page ad in "The New York Times" against the Central Park Five --

Shannon Sharpe: Correct.

Kamala Harris: Which were a bunch of -- they're not young adults. They were teenagers, Black and brown teenagers. Took out a full-page ad on the New York -- in "The New York Times" calling for their execution for crimes they did not commit. They were innocent. Donald Trump, who said of the first Black president of the United States the birtherism to have people question whether he was born in the United States to try and diminish -- and then most recently, you look in this very election, legal Black immigrants in Springfield, Ohio, saying they're eating their pets.

Kamala Harris: So, I -- you know, part of what we have to help people understand is don't think you're in Donald Trump's club. You're not.

Shannon Sharpe: Right.

Kamala Harris: He's not going to be thinking about you. You think he's having you over for dinner. You think that when he's going -- when he's with his buddies, his billionaire buddies, he's thinking about what we need to do to deal with addressing, for example, my work around what I'm doing to address disparities in Black men's health around colon cancer, around what we need to do around screenings, what we need to do around prostate cancer Black men are twice as likely to have.

Kamala Harris: And screenings, what we need to do to address --

Shannon Sharpe: I'm a survivor of prostate cancer.

Kamala Harris: Right. You know what I'm talking about.

Shannon Sharpe: Right. I absolutely do. [Commercial break]

Shannon Sharpe: Do you -- would you want to touch on some specific things you would like to do to keep them because the economy seems to be heading in the right direction? But the inflation: gas prices are extremely high, groceries are extremely high. This rent -- I mean, it used to be -- when I was renting, they moved the rent up $40 a year.

Shannon Sharpe: Now, they moved it up 400 to --

Kamala Harris: So, let's talk about that. I'm glad you raised that. So, for example, groceries. Yes, the prices are still too high. You know it. I know it.

Shannon Sharpe: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: Part of my plan is to deal with price gouging -- I did it when I was attorney general. I'm going to do it as president -- which is these companies that will jack up the prices of groceries to take advantage of people in need and, in particular, during a crisis like what you see around the pandemic or Hurricane Helene.

Shannon Sharpe: Yes, milk.

Kamala Harris: Right.

Shannon Sharpe: Yes.

Kamala Harris: Milton, right? So, there's that. In terms of housing, first of all, we know that Black families are 40 percent less likely to own their home. And we can go back to redlining. We can go back to -- to policies that were, by law or practice, meant to not give Black folks equal opportunity to homeownership, especially in certain neighborhoods.

Kamala Harris: We can go back to what happened around the GI Bill and when -- when all those -- the great generation we call them -- came back and there was federal policy to say, "You all fought for our country. We're going to give you a boost around helping you buy homes." But those Black servicemen -- and it was mostly men -- those Black servicemen did not.

Kamala Harris: So, you had then a time when there was a boost for -- it ended up being not for Black servicemembers. So, part of my policy is to, one, create a fund so that we will give a $25,000 down payment to first-time homeowners to just help people get in the door. We will deal with the rent issue because part of what we're seeing in Atlanta, in places across our country, is these corporations are buying up all these properties, which means then that they don't have to deal with competition between the properties, and they're jacking up rent costs.

Kamala Harris: So, it's about also going after that corporate gouging around what they're doing to buy up and then jack up the prices of rent. We also need to help people with small-business ownership. I did, even before I was running for president, a tour. I called it the Opportunity Economy Tour focused on Black men and Black entrepreneurs.

Kamala Harris: What we know is unlike Donald Trump, who got $400 million handed to him practically on a silver platter and, by the way, Shannon, filed for bankruptcy six times. Everybody wants to say he's a great businessman. Take a look at his record. I know that so many of our entrepreneurs who have great ideas don't have access to capital, but they have serious work ethic, great ideas, and a plan to do the work.

Kamala Harris: So, part of my plan is to increase access to capital, including giving $20,000 forgivable loans for startup capital for people to buy the equipment --

Shannon Sharpe: Right.

Kamala Harris: And then to change the tax deduction. So, whereas it is now $5,000 -- to make it $50,000 to start a new business because nobody can start a new business on $5,000.

Shannon Sharpe: No.

Kamala Harris: And the direct benefit when we're looking at Black entrepreneurs is profound. And all it is is about saying this: Americans in general, regardless of their race or gender, we have ambition, we have aspirations, we have dreams, but not everyone has access to the opportunity to let some actually accomplish that.

Kamala Harris: I want to increase access to opportunity. [Commercial break]

Shannon Sharpe: Madam VP, if you were to become president, what measures would you put in place to make sure Social Security benefits continue because there are reports that it could possibly be depleted by 2033? And there are estimated that 11,000 people turned at least 65 years of age every single day.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Shannon Sharpe: So, what are you going to do to make sure because that is -- you know, people, disability, retirement, survivors with beneficiaries -- what are you going to do to make sure that that continues?

Kamala Harris: So, Shannon, to your point, there was an independent economic review of Donald Trump's plan, which shows that Social Security in the next six years would be insolvent under his plan, meaning that it would not be able to pay out what hardworking people who deserve dignity in their retirement deserve. And as you and I both know, there are a lot of our seniors who their only source of income is that Social Security check.

Shannon Sharpe: That's correct.

Kamala Harris: Right? It's their -- the only way they're going to pay the rent or have food on the table. So, my plan is about doing what we need to do to put the resources back into Social Security but also expanding it because here's part of the problem with Social Security -- is that for our aging seniors, if they are a couple, for example, and one of the spouses passes, that cuts their Social Security benefits almost in half.

Kamala Harris: So, part of my plan is to reconfigure it so that that surviving spouse does not then have a crisis where they've already lost their loved one. But we also just have to understand on a macro level, we've got to require that billionaires and corporations pay their fair share, right? They can afford to, and that's part of what is the difference between me and -- and Donald Trump.

Kamala Harris: My plan is about tax cuts for small businesses, for working people, for middle-class people. A hundred million Americans will benefit around tax cuts. My plan is that no taxes will be raised for anybody making less than $400,000 a year. My plan is that we give young parents a $6,000 Child Tax Credit to help them pay for child care for a crib or a car seat because you and I both know, the vast majority of our young parents have a natural desire to parent their children well but not always the resources.

Kamala Harris: And back to the way I was raised, I know that the children of the community are the children of the community. That you and I will benefit from that young family having the resources they need. So, it's about all of us benefiting, but it's a -- it's a state of mind, and it's a perspective. Mine is about thinking about the challenges people face and getting them help.

Kamala Harris: Donald Trump is full time focused on himself. You watch his rallies. He will spend full time talking about -- I was going to say Freddy Krueger -- Hannibal Lecter. It might as well be Freddy Krueger. Hannibal Lecter. He'll spend full time talking about his grievances about what everyone has done to him. He'll talk about himself, but he does not talk about the American people.

Kamala Harris: He does not talk about what he's going to do for middle class. He does not talk about what he's going to do for families, for working people. And we're 12 days out. This is probably one of the most serious elections that we have faced in our lifetime. My perspective -- and I will be the kind of president who spends full time focused on the needs of the people.

Kamala Harris: That has been my career. I have spent my whole career as a public servant trying to uplift the condition of other people, knowing what is possible and doing it with a sense of optimism. On January 20th, a new president is going into the White House, period. A new president is going into the White House. Do you want to look at the Oval Office and see a Donald Trump who's going to be sitting there, filling out his enemies list, spending full time figuring out retribution and revenge, or looking at the Oval Office and knowing you have a president in there who is creating a to-do list that's about what to do to help the American people?

Shannon Sharpe: So, raising minimum age of Social Security, that's not on the table for you?

Kamala Harris: No. No, here's -- look, people work hard all their lives, and they deserve to be able to retire with dignity. I'll tell you how I come at this. I come at it from a number of perspectives, including thinking about how I was raised in terms of how you take care of the elders, right? I think about it in terms of taking care of my mother when she was sick and dying from cancer. So, one of my policies, for example, is to help Medicare pay for home health care for seniors. Why? Because, look, I did it. And it means, you know, trying to cook for an elder to make something they feel like eating, right, to help them put on a sweater. And we have so many people who are in the sandwich generation. They're raising their young kids and taking care of their parents. And either they have to deplete their savings to qualify for Medicaid, right, to be able to help pay for home health care, or they have to quit their job to do the work of taking care of their kids and their parent. And I just believe that's not right -- that we should have policies that give people dignity, especially our seniors. So, my plan is Medicare pays for home health care.

Shannon Sharpe: OK.

Kamala Harris: And no, I would not raise the age of eligibility for Social Security because the same thing. We shouldn't force people to work until they're 70 in order to retire and have a moment to just enjoy their life and not worry about how they're going to pay their rent.

Shannon Sharpe: Is Medicare for All a priority for you?

Kamala Harris: What is a -- no. What is a priority for me is making sure that access to health care is a right and not just a privilege to those who can afford it. That's why I am in favor of and have pushed and been a leader on capping the cost of insulin at $35 a month and why I intend to allow Medicare to actually negotiate against the big pharmaceutical companies to bring down the cost of prescription medication for everybody.

Kamala Harris: That's why I have fought for what we need to do around making sure Medicare covers senior care. Access to health care should not be a question of how much money you have in your back pocket. That's just not right.

Shannon Sharpe: Right.

Kamala Harris: And I feel strongly about that.

Shannon Sharpe: Blacks for Trump. They feel that Trump is better for the Black community. Can you explain the -- Donald Trump's history with Blacks? Where did this come that, all of a sudden -- I mean, it's been like this because a lot of people used to say I'm -- I'm Donald Trump of the ghetto because he was -- I mean, for a lot of Blacks, not all, but for some Blacks he was -- Madam VP, whether we want to admit it or not, he's revered by some Blacks.

Kamala Harris: But here's the thing. The question for everybody, should he be president of the United States?

Shannon Sharpe: OK.

Kamala Harris: Right? That's the question. Should he have the ability to -- to sit behind the seal of the president of the United States when he says he wants to terminate the Constitution of the United States. You know what that would mean? In the Constitution of the United States is your Fourth Amendment right against unreasonable search and seizure, your Fifth Amendment right, your Sixth Amendment right to an attorney.

Shannon Sharpe: Well, a lot of rights are going to be gone the First Amendment --

Kamala Harris: But the First Amendment, the Second Amendment -- look, I'm in favor of the Second Amendment. I don't believe we should be taking anybody's guns away. He wants to terminate the Constitution of the United States. He is the same one, like I said earlier, who denied rent to Black families, who took out that full page ad in "The New York Times" calling for the execution of those children, who -- who birtherism accusations against the first Black president, not to mention his -- please ask folks to google Project 2025.

Shannon Sharpe: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: He would get rid of the $35 a month cap on insulin. We know how many of our seniors had it. I'll give you another example of why Donald Trump has not earned the support of folks to be president of the United States again. When he was president the last time, during the height of COVID -- during the height of COVID, one in three Black Americans knew somebody who died from COVID.

Kamala Harris: You remember those days?

Shannon Sharpe: I do.

Kamala Harris: And people couldn't get their hands on a COVID test. At that very same time, Donald Trump as president, secretly sent COVID tests to the president of Russia for his personal use while Americans were dying every day. He has not earned the right to be president of the United States. It's one thing if he has a television show that's very popular.

Kamala Harris: He can put his name on a building, even though we all know he was not a terribly good businessman, which is why he filed for bankruptcy six times. But that is one thing. To be president of the United States means to try and find common ground to build consensus to lift up the American people instead of trying to beat people down all the time.

Kamala Harris: It means solving problems, which means you have to be able to get out of your own head and scan to be concerned about the well-being of other people and then do something about it. Does anyone think Donald Trump thinks that way?

Shannon Sharpe: Yeah. Well, empathy requires you to divorce your own ego to see yourself as someone else.

Kamala Harris: That's exactly right. That's exactly -- and we know that's not his character. So, it's about -- is this the right person for that job, right?

Shannon Sharpe: He said immigrants are taking Black jobs. I don't know what those Black jobs that they're taking. Can you elaborate on that? What the -- the immigrants are taking -- what black jobs are they --

Kamala Harris: It's just another example of him trying to divide and him trying to scare people. It's just another example of him doing that -- of him trying to say it's either you or them, right? And the other thing is that it's incredibly demeaning because -- and he still has not been forced to define -- Donald Trump -- what do you define as a Black job?

Kamala Harris: Because let me tell you what I define as a Black job: vice president of the United States.

Shannon Sharpe: That's a good one.

Kamala Harris: Right?

Shannon Sharpe: It is -- I don't know about the pay, but it's a good job to have.

Kamala Harris: Well, you know, not everybody is Shannon Sharpe.

Shannon Sharpe: No. But -- but you know what I wanted to ask? You've been in -- basically, your adult life, you've been a public servant.

Kamala Harris: Yes, I have.

Shannon Sharpe: You've been AG.

Kamala Harris: My whole adult life.

Shannon Sharpe: You've been a DA. You've been a senator. You've been VP. Is that what you envisioned? Is that what you always wanted to be -- was a public servant?

Kamala Harris: I've always wanted to serve. You know, I was raised -- I mean, back to whether you are -- however you were raised in the community in which you are raised, including the church in which you are raised, I have always believed that it is an important pursuit to figure out how you can serve. And we can do it in different ways, right?

Kamala Harris: I chose public service. You chose a different route. But it's about service. And I have always -- I mean, I've only had one client my entire life, the people. And what I -- and the reason I keep doing it is because I know the difference that I and we can make when we believe in what is possible and then work hard at it. And my pledge in this campaign to everyone, regardless of who you are, where you live, what you look like, I will be a president for all Americans.

Kamala Harris: And I will work to bring our country back together because, frankly, I think people are exhausted with the anger, with the -- hate, with the -- the division, the attempt to have Americans pointing their fingers at each other. I think people are exhausted. It's not healthy for the productivity of our country.

Kamala Harris: Like do we want to strive? Do we want to thrive? Or do we want to spend full time with vengeance, demeaning other people? And living a life of service is about, I think, the importance of lifting people up, not tearing them down. [Commercial break]

Shannon Sharpe: I've read some Blacks say the problem that they have to you is that you're making political promises and that you're just pandering. The problem that I have with that, it just seems like only Black people pander. Like when other candidates go on shows and they say they're going to do this, they're not pandering.

Shannon Sharpe: They're telling you -- laying out their elaborate plan on what they're going to do. But it seems to you, when you promise that if I'm president, this is what I'm going to do in the first 90 days. This is what I'm going to do -- my administration is going to do while I'm in office, you're pandering. How do you get through to those that says, look, this is what I'm going to do if I'm elected president; These are the policies, and they will lead to meaningful and impactful change?

Kamala Harris: Well, part of it is -- is, just to be candid, I think that there's -- there's sadly a misinformation out there about who I am and what I've done because if -- if people are informed about fact, they will know that almost everything that I'm talking about doing as president is built on a foundation of work that I've been doing for years.

Kamala Harris: If it is about economic empowerment of the Black community and all communities, I've been working on that. As vice president, I am responsible for billions of dollars from big banks and big corporations, including technology companies getting into community banks to increase access to capital for minority-owned and other small businesses.

Kamala Harris: If you look at my work over a period of years, my focus again on something like maternal mortality is long-standing, which directly impacts Black men and Black women --

Shannon Sharpe: Right.

Kamala Harris: And -- and -- and the Black family. If you look at the work that I am doing that is about small businesses -- you know the person who helped my mother raise us, who was a second mother to us, was a small-business owner. I have always focused for such a long time on what we need to do, knowing that our small businesses are part of the culture of our communities, right, including the economic fabric and strength of the community.

Kamala Harris: So, what I'm talking about doing right now is based on long-standing work. It's not new -- but as president of the United States, part of why it is important is it is a new approach to that job. It is about a new way that is based on a new generation of leadership that is based on new ideas and, frankly, a different experience that brings my commitment to the work I am talking about into being.

Shannon Sharpe: Can you give us a breakdown of how you will allow Blacks and other minorities to access capital?

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Shannon Sharpe: Because you speak a lot about capital. And in order for people to become successful and have some wealth is that they need to have access to that to get started.

Kamala Harris: Yeah, that's right. So, that's in fact why I did, starting last year or earlier this year, my economic opportunity tour before I was running for president because I realized that so many of our entrepreneurs don't actually have the -- we need to do better in getting information to people about what's available to them.

Kamala Harris: So, for example, through the -- the Small Business Administration, there are funds available to help people create a business plan. There is resources available to help people just know how that you need to run a payroll, how you need to pay business taxes. Part of my plan by the way is to simplify taxes for small businesses.

Kamala Harris: I -- I like to say it's, basically -- I'm going to date myself -- like you remember the 1040EZ? Did you ever have to do a 1040EZ? Probably never.

Shannon Sharpe: No.

Kamala Harris: OK, I did. But, you know, simplifying tax returns for people, including our small businesses. But the work that I have done and will continue to do is about knowing that we don't lack for hard work. We don't lack for good ideas, but we do lack for information about the help that is available. So, that's part of how it is going to be about increasing access to capital.

Kamala Harris: Part of it is about putting more money. So, I called up and got in touch with and worked with some of the big CEOs of the biggest corporations in America and said -- and the big banks -- that you all don't necessarily -- you're not there in the community where you can get a $100,000 loan to a small business.

Kamala Harris: You guys deal at a different level. But those $100,000 loans for a startup will go a long way. Let's get -- get those billions of dollars that you've got, put them into community banks who are in the community, who know what the community needs, what they want, what the consumers there want, and then support those small businesses.

Kamala Harris: So, that's my approach to access to capital, including making sure that people have, again, simplifying taxes for small businesses. You know why, Shannon? Small businesses can't afford to hire a bunch of accountants --

Shannon Sharpe: Yeah. They can't [Inaudible].

Kamala Harris: And a bunch of lawyers. But that shouldn't be the reason they fail because they didn't fill out the form properly.

Shannon Sharpe: Right.

Kamala Harris: Right?

Shannon Sharpe: Yes.

Kamala Harris: So, my approach is really understanding the -- the culture, understanding the needs, and then trying to fix problems. I love fixing problems with common-sense solutions. And again, look, Donald Trump is never -- he is never going to relate necessarily to the kind of folks that I'm talking about who are on the ground, just need to be seen and heard.

Kamala Harris: And then let's fix the problems. Let's address the challenges to let them, not just get by, but get ahead. And I want to put a fine point on this. Maybe it's a new perspective. I think it is. I believe that we have had great success in bringing Black unemployment down to historic lows.

Shannon Sharpe: Yes.

Kamala Harris: But for me that's the floor. For me, that's the floor because what I know is that it should be baseline that everybody is working. That's not enough. People want to build wealth --

Shannon Sharpe: Yes.

Kamala Harris: And intergenerational wealth.

Shannon Sharpe: Correct.

Kamala Harris: And I want to help people do that, right? I know what -- if folks want to be able to take a nice vacation from time to time, have nice Christmas gifts for their kids under the tree -- and it can't just be about, "Well, you've got a job, applaud me for for what I've done for you," right? And that's the spirit with which I do my work.

Shannon Sharpe: I saw President Trump on a -- on a TV show, and he talked about defunding the Department of Education.

Kamala Harris: Yes.

Shannon Sharpe: Basically, we know that's going to affect communities like us that don't have the resources. And then because he says he doesn't -- if they talked about slavery -- they talked about slavery, which is a part of our history. It's a -- it's a thing --

Kamala Harris: That they're trying to cover up. That they're trying to cover up.

Shannon Sharpe: They talk about racism, and he said, "Well, what we would do if they talked about it, they wouldn't get funding." And we know what communities are going to be most impacted by non-funding.

Kamala Harris: But -- and understand that they want to get rid of the Department of Education and get rid of Head Start. You know whose kids are in Head Start? They want to -- it is -- and to your point -- and I'm so glad you pointed this out. You know, these are the same people who, basically, suggested that -- that enslaved people benefited from slavery.

Kamala Harris: The same people who are trying to ban and are banning books. And again, if we don't teach America's full history, we will never ensure that we don't make the same --

Shannon Sharpe: Right. Yes.

Kamala Harris: Do those same things again.

Shannon Sharpe: Let's learn from that pain -- that painful part of our history to make sure we don't repeat it but not -- by not covering it up. Let's have an open and honest conversation about it. It happened.

Kamala Harris: And the effects of it.

Shannon Sharpe: Yes.

Kamala Harris: And the present day effects of it.

Shannon Sharpe: I think we both agree -- I think we can all agree on this that there is a problem with -- I don't know how the correct term. I think it's undocumented. How do we get -- how do we get a hold on that, Madam VP? How do we make sure -- because I think I've heard you say you want a path to citizenship, but we want to, you know, make sure people come in and do things properly.

Kamala Harris: Yes, that's exactly right. So, first of all, I have personally prosecuted transnational criminal organizations for the trafficking of guns, drugs, and human beings. I have prosecuted the Sinaloa Cartel, OK, the Guadalajara Cartel. So, I put my record up to anybody in terms of how strongly I feel about having a secure border and making sure that there is not that kind of trafficking into America.

Kamala Harris: I also know that we need to put more resources at the border, which is why I supported a bill that came about, including from the most conservative members of Congress, to put 1,500 more border agents at the border to do what we need to do to cut down the flow of fentanyl coming into the United States, which is killing people of every race and background.

Kamala Harris: Would -- more resources would have gone to prosecuting human trafficking. Donald Trump got word of that bill, and he knew it would be a solution to a problem, which is that we have a broken immigration system. He got word of the bill, and he told his friends in Congress, "Don't put it up for a vote. Don't let it go any further." Because, you see, he wants to run on a problem --

Shannon Sharpe: He's running on --

Kamala Harris: Instead of fixing a problem.

Shannon Sharpe: Right.

Kamala Harris: And his -- and his -- and his putting out tens of millions of dollars of campaign commercials full time trying to suggest that he cares about strengthening the border when he had an opportunity to participate in a solution, which he killed, because he's not about problem solving. It's about a political game for him.

Kamala Harris: My point is: We got to strengthen the border, and we need to have an immigration system that is fair and humane and strong in terms of making sure that people have to earn citizenship. They have to work hard to get it. My plan includes also strengthening what we need to do in terms of illegal entry in between ports of entry, what we need to do to put more support for Border Patrol agents, put more technology at the border.

Kamala Harris: But it includes also, you know, I'm never going to talk about people from Haiti eating their pets.

Shannon Sharpe: Right.

Kamala Harris: And I think that we also know we don't want an immigration system that's about separating children from their parents. We can do it in a humane way, but the bottom line is we can fix these problems. The solutions are at hand. He -- he stands in the way.

Shannon Sharpe: Right.

Kamala Harris: And, in particular, on this issue.

Shannon Sharpe: If you were to become president, would you ask Congress to bring -- reinstitute that bill and try to get it through?

Kamala Harris: Absolutely. And -- and -- and also, I would work across the aisle with Republicans. There are a lot of Republicans supporting me --

Shannon Sharpe: Right.

Kamala Harris: In this campaign. And I would work with Republicans to bring this bill back up, so I can sign it into law.

Shannon Sharpe: Correct.

Kamala Harris: And I -- and I do want to talk about that for a moment. This is not 2016 or 2020 in terms of how people are thinking about Donald Trump. He was president, and the people who worked the most closely with him, Republicans at the highest level; his former chief of staff; his former defense secretaries; his former national security adviser; and his former vice president, have collectively said he is dangerous and unfit to be president of the United States.

Kamala Harris: And, Shannon, you can just watch his rallies. I mean, did you see that 39 minutes of him swaying back and forth to YMCA? No -- the man -- you have to watch, and I encourage everybody who's watching this. Watch what he's doing at these rallies. He is increasingly unstable and -- and unfit to be president according to the people who knew him best.

Kamala Harris: All Republicans, by the way, who I just referred to --

Shannon Sharpe: Right.

Kamala Harris: Who know he is unfit to be commander in chief, he who will talk about servicemembers -- a lot of your listeners and the people who are a fan of your show have served or do serve in the United States military. He talks about military servicemembers as being uncourageous, as being cowards, suckers, and losers.

Shannon Sharpe: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: This is how the man talks. And so, let's not get distracted by who he was on "The Apprentice."

Shannon Sharpe: Right.

Kamala Harris: Let's not get distracted by whatever, you know, building and whatever city in Vegas or wherever has his name on it. Let's look at the job of president of the United States, and is he fit to do that job. And by the people who know him best, including some most recently a four-star marine general, his former chief of staff, they all say -- those who know him best -- he is unfit and dangerous.

Shannon Sharpe: The previous administration, your administration that you were in, they got kudos for the student loan relief.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Shannon Sharpe: What's the contingency plan? Because I see it's still trying to go through, and some of the courts have shot it down. Do you have a contingency plan to continue the student relief?

Kamala Harris: I'm going to keep fighting for it. And yes -- because, first of all, what I know is that too many people have been weighed down by their student loan debt --

Shannon Sharpe: Yes.

Kamala Harris: To the point they question whether they can have a family, whether they can -- can retire at some point, whether they can buy a home. So, that's why I pushed for what we did around student loan debt. And thankfully, for example, we have billions of dollars in student loan debt relief that have gone, for example, to public servants like teachers and nurses and firefighters.

Kamala Harris: But there's more we need to do. But, you know, if I go into various communities like here in Atlanta and ask people how many people got their student debt relieved, the number of hands that go up and the life-changing experience people have had reminds me of the importance of this fight. And I'm going to continue to do it.

Shannon Sharpe: Have you let people know that President Trump, if he were to get back into office, he wants to offer police complete immunity -- that they can do no wrong? No matter what -- how egregious the act may be, they have complete immunity. Do people understand what that -- do they really understand what that means, Madam VP?

Kamala Harris: I hope so. And I -- and I encourage people to go online to see how he says it. I encourage people to go online to see how he talks about a day of violence. Did you ever see the movies?

Shannon Sharpe: Yeah. "Purge"

Kamala Harris: Right. Understand -- again, don't take my word for it.

Shannon Sharpe: Take his.

Kamala Harris: Yeah. Take his, and see where he stands on these issues.

Shannon Sharpe: I want to get you out of here on this one, Madam VP. You, like myself, attended and graduated from a historically Black institution.

Kamala Harris: Proudly.

Shannon Sharpe: And it just goes to show you, if you look at myself, Stephen A., Michael Strahan, three of the most prominent voices in morning television, attended and graduated from an HBC, yourself, ascended to the highest of highs, graduated from an HBCU, what would you -- what message would you like to share with students that all these Historically Black Universities and Colleges -- what would you like -- what message would you like to share to them?

Kamala Harris: Oh, know your excellence and know we are so proud of you, and we want you to have ambition. We -- we applaud your ambition. We want you to know you can do and be anything, and don't ever hear no. And that know you stand on broad shoulders, right? Because part of what we know is we have a legacy.

Shannon Sharpe: Yeah, we do.

Kamala Harris: And we stand then in that path knowing that we also have the honor and the duty of excelling in every way possible, being able to see what is possible and not be burdened by other people's limited ability to see the same.

Shannon Sharpe: One more thing. I think something that's very, very near and dear to your heart is Roe v. Wade.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Shannon Sharpe: I think 50-plus years -- I think '72, '73 when it was Roe v. Wade said, "Hey, women have the right to their bodies." And all of a sudden, the Supreme Court struck it down and said, "No, you don't. We have control over that."

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Shannon Sharpe: What would that mean to you? So, how do you get that? How do you go back and fight to make sure women still have control of -- of their bodies?

Kamala Harris: So, I'm so glad you brought it up, Shannon. First of all, think about one of the most basic rights that you could imagine is the right for you to be able to make decisions about your own body.

Shannon Sharpe: Correct.

Kamala Harris: Your own body.

Shannon Sharpe: Your reproductive rights.

Kamala Harris: And the court just took that right away from women to make decisions about their own body and not have their government tell them what to do. And I think an important emphasis for me is you don't have to give up your faith or deeply held beliefs on this subject to agree the government shouldn't be telling her what to do. If she chooses she'll talk with her pastor, her priest, her rabbi, her imam -- but not the government telling her.

Kamala Harris: And we need to fight against this. We need to understand how many women are suffering miscarriage and being denied help because the doctors are afraid they may end up in jail. In Texas, do you know they provide prison for life for doctors or nurses who provide reproductive care -- prison for life, Shannon.

Kamala Harris: In the state of Georgia, a beautiful young woman, a mother of a six-year-old son, died because of these Trump abortion bans. The majority of Black women and the men who love them live in the South.

Shannon Sharpe: Yes.

Kamala Harris: Do you know in every state in the South, except for Virginia, there is a Trump abortion ban?

Shannon Sharpe: Yes, I do. Hopefully, everybody else knows that also.

Kamala Harris: Right. And -- and so, we all have to stand, regardless of your gender, regardless of your -- your race, your background, we have to stand and say, "Look, this is just simply not right." And we cannot stand for the notion that Donald Trump could be president of the United States, he who chose a Supreme Court that would take this right from the women of America and the men who loved them.

Kamala Harris: And now, we have women suffering to such an extent as they are. I think it's one of the most fundamental rights that's at play.

Shannon Sharpe: One more thing before you go, Madam VP.

Kamala Harris: Yes.

Shannon Sharpe: Who's the real HU?

Kamala Harris: Oh, come on.

Shannon Sharpe: I'm just -- I'm just asking. [Inaudible] I don't know. I don't know. I didn't go to either one. So, I just -- I just wanted to hear you --

Kamala Harris: You know.

Shannon Sharpe: Madam VP, Kamala Harris. Thank you, ma'am.

Kamala Harris: Thank you, all. Thank you.