Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-interview-erica-campbell-radio-show-october-31-2024

Erica Campbell: We are totally honored to have on the line with us today, presidential nominee, Vice President Kamala Harris. Vice President Harris, welcome to Get Up! Mornings.

Kamala Harris: Good morning. Good morning to you, Erica. Good morning, Griff. It's good to be with you.

Erica Campbell: So glad to have you. Listen, we've been praying for you and rooting for you. But I've got to ask, as a leader with strong history in public service, how has your personal faith shaped your approach to leadership and the way you view your responsibility to serve the American people?

Kamala Harris: I grew up in the church as a young girl at 23rd Avenue Church of God in Oakland, California, and --

Erica Campbell: Yes.

Griff: Come on, Bay Area, sorry.

Kamala Harris: Yeah, right. And you know, from my youngest years, I grew up understanding faith to be a verb, right? It's how you live your life, as much as how you pray and how you receive God in your life. And I grew up believing and learning of a loving God. It is about -- you know, as we know and our faith teaches us.

Kamala Harris: It's about feeding the hungry, taking care of the elderly. And it is that approach to my work that has guided me through the work I've done, whether it be defending people, seniors who have been the subject of elder abuse, or consumers who have been scammed by big corporations or -- I took on the big banks during the foreclosure crisis because so many people we knew were the target of unfair and predatory lending practices.

Kamala Harris: And so in many, many ways, my faith has guided my work.

Griff: Madam Vice President, No. 1, No. 1. We're early voters on our show, and I'm also a veteran of the US Army. I voted early in Georgia last week. Cheryl voted yesterday in the Washington, DC area. And Erica is going to vote today in Los Angeles. Can you tell our amazing listeners who might be on the fence why they should go vote on November 5th so they can hear it from you, ma'am?

Kamala Harris: Yes, sir, my Bay Area brother.

Griff: That's our VP.

Kamala Harris: Bay area. So, first of all, let me say this. You know, we have forever recognized and honored the fact that folks died for our right to vote, and we must honor that. In addition, we know, over the course of time, in the last many years, we've seen state legislators -- I'm looking at Georgia, for example -- who have intentionally tried to make it more difficult for folks to vote.

Kamala Harris: In Georgia, they passed a law that says it's illegal to give people food and water for standing in line to vote.

Griff: Exactly.

Kamala Harris: Understand how people are trying to silence your vote. And I say never let anybody take your power from you. Never let anybody silence you.

Erica Campbell: We are talking to my soror, Democratic nominee Vice President Kamala Harris. Before you go, my soror, how can we pray for you?

Kamala Harris: Yes, my dear. Oh, you know, these next six days, here's my prayer. I mean, I do always ask the Lord for strength and guidance. But I would ask you to join me in a prayer for the nation for bringing us together, for people having a sense of hope and optimism, and to remind us all that our faith teaches us to believe in things that we may not yet see, but what we know is possible and what we know is right and good.

Erica Campbell: Wow.

Kamala Harris: And that would be the prayer I'd ask you to join me in.

Erica Campbell: Absolutely. Me and all my prayer warriors, we are on it, and we are praying for the next president of the United States of America. Vice President Harris, thank you so much for joining us today.

Kamala Harris: Thank you, Soror Campbell, and thank you, GRIFF, and all your listeners. And I so appreciate you. So, yes, please go out and vote, and I'll talk to you soon. Thank you.

Erica Campbell: Absolutely. Election Day is coming up Tuesday, November 5th. I need everybody to vote and take five people with you. Early voting has already begun in many states. Family, make it your mission to vote. We just spoke to the Vice President of the United States of America.

Griff: She's amazing.

Erica Campbell: Oh, my God, oh, my God, that just happened. It's Get Up! Mornings. You all stick around, we got more on the way.

Unidentified: You're listening to Get Up! Mornings with Erica Campbell.