Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-interview-alex-cooper-call-her-daddy-podcast-october-6-2024

Alex Cooper: Madam Vice President. Alex. Welcome to Call Her Daddy.

Kamala Harris: It is good to be with you.

Alex Cooper: Thank you so much for being here.

Kamala Harris: Of course.

Alex Cooper: We're in the final stretch of the election.

Kamala Harris: Yes.

Alex Cooper: How are you feeling?

Kamala Harris: I'm feeling great, and I'm feeling nervous. You know, there's this old adage, there are only two ways to run: without an opponent or scared. So, there you go. The only thing that matters is really just spending as much time as I can -- as much time as I possibly can, meeting with people and talking with them about the stakes and -- and their future.

Alex Cooper: I'm curious. Like, you don't do too many long-form interviews. What made you want to do Call Her Daddy today?

Kamala Harris: Well, I think you and your listeners have really got this thing right, which is one of the best ways to communicate with people is to be real, you know, and to talk about the things that people really care about. I mean, what I love about what you do is that your voice in your show is really about your listeners.

Kamala Harris: And I think, especially now, this is a moment in the country and in life where people really want to know they're seen and heard and that they're part of a community, that they're not out there alone. And -- and so, I'm really glad to be with you.

Alex Cooper: Thank you.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Alex Cooper: Thank you for taking the time. I know you're a very busy person. I really like to get to know people on my show.

Kamala Harris: OK.

Alex Cooper: Obviously, we are going to talk about all the issues that are going on, but I also want to get to know you as a person today.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Alex Cooper: Is that OK with you?

Kamala Harris: Of course.

Alex Cooper: OK, let's get into it. Growing up, my mother is a psychologist. Yes.

Kamala Harris: Oh, how was that?

Alex Cooper: Oh, it was -- great question. Now, in hindsight, like, fabulous.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Alex Cooper: When I was in it, I was like, mom, why do you know everything?

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Alex Cooper: Like, leave me alone.

Kamala Harris: Yeah, yeah.

Alex Cooper: But one thing I really valued was she really emphasized the importance of mental health --

Kamala Harris: Yes.

Alex Cooper: And talking about our feelings and communicating.

Kamala Harris: Yeah, yeah.

Alex Cooper: And I know that you were primarily raised by your mother.

Kamala Harris: Yes.

Alex Cooper: Can you share with me, like, what values did your mom instill in you from a young age?

Kamala Harris: Well, you know, similar to what you described about your mother, my mother definitely impressed upon us the importance of us being able to express how we were feeling. And a lot of it, I think, was also about her teaching us that we had agency, and so -- that things don't just happen to you. And so, think about how you were feeling not just as a way to dump, but also as a way to figure out where you are in a moment, right, and center yourself.

Kamala Harris: I mean, to your point, when I got older, like when I was in, I don't know, late teens, in my 20s, if I came home with a problem, I'm telling you, every time I came -- if I came home with a problem, the first thing my mother would do is she was -- look at me. Like, other mothers, I believe, were hugging their kids and like, "Oh, honey, what can I do?" My mother, the first thing, "What did you do?" But here's the thing that I realized.

Kamala Harris: She was actually teaching me. Think about where you had agency in that moment. And think about what you had the choice to do or not do. And, like, don't let things just happen to you. I realized that was a really powerful thing she was teaching, which is figure out how you can take charge of a moment.

Alex Cooper: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: You can't always. We don't have control of everything, obviously. But don't just let things happen to you without thinking about, OK, what can I do in this moment?

Alex Cooper: It's fun to hear you say that because these are themes that I've talked about on my show before.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Alex Cooper: We can sit here and dwell on something that happened to us, but then, we can also say, "Yeah, but what could I have done in that situation to have autonomy over my life?" People can do things to you, but you can only decide how you're going to react. That's all you have control over, right?

Kamala Harris: That's exactly right. But that's exactly right. And in that way, you realize, don't let anyone take your power from you. You know, that's so important. The other thing my mother would say all the time, and I'm going to quote is "Don't do anything half-assed."

Alex Cooper: Yeah. I'm curious when you're saying that about, you know, have agency over your own life --

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Alex Cooper: And don't let things just happen to you, like, take control and take accountability. How have you put that into being the vice president of the United States.

Kamala Harris: Yeah. A lot of my career was as a prosecutor. And so, it was about really wanting to protect the most vulnerable and where they did not have the power. And it wasn't of their own choosing, but because they were the subject of abuse, because they were the subject of an imbalance of power, right? And so, a lot of the work that I've done has been about wanting to restore, to the extent I can play a role in, their right to have justice, to have voice.

Kamala Harris: You know, right now, this fight for what we need to do around reproductive freedom is -- I mean, could it be more at its core about just the basic right any individual of whatever gender has to make decisions about their own body and not have their government tell them what to do? Or even voting --

Alex Cooper: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: Right? About saying, "Look, I know that there's cynicism. I know that there's a real feeling that -- well, what does it matter? Does my voice matter?" But a lot of my push to kind of hopefully convince people that they should vote is because you should never let anybody take your power from you. And voting is one of the ways that you use your voice to determine who your government will be and what your future will be by your government.

Alex Cooper: You've already made history. You are the first female vice president.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Alex Cooper: You could very well become the next president of the United States.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Alex Cooper: What do you think your mom would say?

Kamala Harris: Well, OK, so let me just tell you what my mother did say when I was running for attorney general. OK, so there had never been a woman attorney general, California. And the race was so tight. I mean, fast forward to the end, on election night, my opponent declared his victory. By the way, I won. OK, but let's go back.

Kamala Harris: Let's go backward. So, I was -- when I was first running, and it was when my mother was very sick with cancer, and she ultimately passed away. And -- but I would take her to the hospital, and I spent a lot of time with her and took care of her. So, one day, we're at the hospital and she's in the bed, and she -- you know, she was at this phase of her illness where she was really -- just really tired.

Kamala Harris: And so, I'm sitting next to her, and she had her face turned in the other direction. She was kind of half-sleeping. And then she leaned over to me and she said, "What's going on with the race?" And then, she leaned back over, and I said, "Well, mommy, they said they're going to kick my ass." At which point my mother turned her head, looked at me, and had the biggest smile, had the biggest smile ever. That was my mother.

Alex Cooper: Sitting across from you, I think, you know, as women, we have to work 10 times harder. We got to be smarter. We got to play the game to even get our foot in the door sometimes. Can you tell the Daddy Gang --

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Alex Cooper: When people tell you no, when people look at you and doubt you, what does that ignite in you?

Kamala Harris: So, I've been told that many times. And through the course of my career, I've been told, at one point, "You're too young." I've been told, "Oh, nobody like you has ever done that before." "Oh, they're not ready for you." "Oh --" and this is the one that kills me, "oh, it's going to be a lot of hard work, as though we don't like hard work.

Kamala Harris: And here's my response. I don't hear no. I don't hear no. And I urge all the Daddy Gang, don't hear no. Just don't hear it.

Alex Cooper: Throughout this election, your identity has been called into question many times. Your opponent has called you crazy, weak, fake, and dumb. How does that affect you?

Kamala Harris: I think It's really important not to let other people define you. And usually, those people who will attempt to do it don't know you.

Alex Cooper: I want to talk about -- before your career in Washington --

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Alex Cooper: You mentioned you worked as a prosecutor specializing in sexual assault cases.

Kamala Harris: Yeah, yeah.

Alex Cooper: And this is something, obviously, I touch on, on my show. I have so many women that listen, and I want to talk to you because I know you had a personal connection as to why --

Kamala Harris: Right.

Alex Cooper: You really sought that out. Can you talk about what led you to taking on that career?

Kamala Harris: Yeah. So, when I was in high school, my best friend, her name is Wanda --

Alex Cooper: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: I learned was being sexually assaulted by her stepfather. And, you know, I knew something was going on because she didn't want to go home. You know, she just seemed sad. She told me, and I immediately said, "You have to come and stay with us." I called my mother who was at work. "Yes, she has to come stay with us," and she did.

Kamala Harris: And I just -- it upset me so that someone where they should feel safe and protected were being so horribly abused and violated, right? Anyway, I decided at a young age, I wanted to do the work of protecting vulnerable people. I mean, look, I was raised -- I'm the eldest of two daughters. I was raised with my mother saying, since practically the day my sister was born, you know, "Look out for your sister."

Kamala Harris: So, maybe it started when I was 2. But Wanda and her experience, really convinced me and made me realize how this can happen and what we need to do to stand against it.

Alex Cooper: Can you -- because, again, I have women write in being like, "I don't know who to tell."

Kamala Harris: Yeah, yeah.

Alex Cooper: I'm DMing you, and I'm telling you because the shame and the terror and the where do I go from here? And most of the time, it is the people that are closest to them --

Kamala Harris: Yeah, I know.

Alex Cooper: That are doing this like it is. What feelings do you have and, like, what is the course of action in that moment that you take?

Kamala Harris: So, the first thing that I would say to anyone going through it is tell someone that you trust. Don't -- don't quietly suffer. You have done nothing wrong. You have done nothing wrong, and don't let anyone convince you, you have. Often, the abuser will tell her that if she tells, then something worse will happen.

Kamala Harris: And that is usually wrong. And know that there are people that want you to be safe and will want to protect you. But don't silently suffer. And know that you have a right to live in a place where you feel safe and are actually safe.

Alex Cooper: Unfortunately, I know that so many women can relate to what we're talking about. One in 3 women has experienced some form of sexual abuse in their life.

Kamala Harris: Yeah, you're right. That's exactly right. That's exactly right.

Alex Cooper: And I feel like when we say that that number can get lost because it's, like, 1 in 3 women, like, this is happening. This is real. This is happening right now.

Kamala Harris: But, Alex, let me just say this also.

Alex Cooper: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: Thank you for talking about it because part of the issue is that people don't talk about it. And I don't mean the survivors of it. I mean, nobody does. And the more that we let anything exist in the shadows, the more likely it is that people are suffering and suffering silently. And we need to talk about it.

Kamala Harris: We have to talk about it. Child sexual assault is something that affects far more people than the public discourse about it acknowledges. And the more we talk about it, the more we will address it and deal with it. The more we will be equipped to deal with it, be it in terms of schools, in terms of the society at large, right, and to not stigmatize it.

Alex Cooper: I agree. I think the power that we have is through our voices voice over here, like me trying to have a conversation any chance I can get, the amount of times I have conversations with women. And then, I have thousands of women reaching out being like, "Oh, my God, I just remembered something from watching this podcast episode, and it brought back the trauma, but now I know I need to get help."

Alex Cooper: Like, years ago, this wasn't even a conversation.

Kamala Harris: But see -- and that's exactly right. And so, when I talk about -- when I say stigmatize it, what I mean is stigmatize the survivor.

Alex Cooper: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: We still have so far to go on the issue of child sexual assault. Just like in a previous time, the issue of domestic violence. People didn't talk about domestic violence. And part of it was this really warped idea that, well, what happens in the home is none of our business. But if it happened on the street, it would be our business, if we witnessed it on the street.

Kamala Harris: And so, the point being that abuse of anyone is something we should all take seriously as opposed to saying it's not our business. It's something that we have to agree should not happen. And whatever resources and whatever attention we can put into reducing the likelihood that it happens is worthwhile.

Alex Cooper: How do we make this country safer for women?

Kamala Harris: Now, that's a big question. There's a lot to unpack there. I mean, one of the things, for example, on domestic violence that I can tell you is this. When a woman, and in particular, if she has -- has children, if she is economically reliant on her abuser, she's less likely to leave. Because most women will endure whatever personal, physical pain they must in order to make sure their kids have a roof over their head or food.

Kamala Harris: So, one of the ways that we know that women are able to walk away from abuse, and there are many layers to her being able to do that, but one of them is, does she have the economic freedom to be able to do that, right? So, one of the ways that we know we can uplift the ability of women to have choices is uplift the ability of women to have economic health and well-being.

Kamala Harris: I'm going to get more into that later, but about how we can make that possible. But I do want to reference something I saw was at a rally in Pennsylvania, former -- former President Trump recently told women, "You will be protected, and I will be your protector." What do you make of that? So, he, who, when he was President, hand-selected three members of the United States Supreme Court with the intention that they would undo the protections of Roe v Wade, and they did just as he intended, and there are now 20 states with Trump abortion bans, including bans that make no exception for rape or incest, which we just discussed, which means that you're telling a survivor of a crime of a violation to their body, they don't have a right to make a decision about what happens to their body next, which is immoral, so this is the same guy that is now saying that.

Kamala Harris: This is the same guy who said that women should be punished for having abortions. This is the guy who uses the language he does to describe women. So, yeah, there you go.

Alex Cooper: I do want to focus on abortion for a moment because two years ago, Roe v. Wade, was overturned and women lost their constitutional right to an abortion. I put out an episode about it. I flew to North Carolina.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Alex Cooper: I went to a preferred women's health center. I met with women that were getting screamed at and chanted at and called baby killers. And It was the most eye-opening experience I've ever had because I am a privileged white woman that lives in Los Angeles, and I am so aware of that. I understand that a lot of the younger generation sees things online --

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Alex Cooper: And it's like, what is right? What is wrong? What is real? What is not? Can you explain and talk about what is actually happening to abortion access right now in this country?

Kamala Harris: Yeah. So, again, I thank you for what you've been doing and at the earliest stage of this and following the stories. So on public policy, I often tell my team, "Look, I don't want to hear about public policy. It's a fancy speech or -- or paper. Tell me how it will affect a real person." So, let's talk about how it affects a real person.

Kamala Harris: The majority of women who receive abortion care are mothers. So, if she's in a state -- and by the way, every state in the South, except for Virginia, has an abortion ban. OK? So, imagine she's in a state with an abortion ban. One out of three women are, by the way, in our country. And she's a mom. So, she's going to have to figure out, one, God help her if she has affordable childcare, God help her if she has paid leave.

Kamala Harris: And then she's going to have to go to the airport, stand in a TSA line, sit on a plane next to a perfect stranger to go to a city where she's never been to receive the care she needs. She's going to probably have to get right back on that plane because she's got those kids. Her best friend is probably not with her because that's who's taking care of the kids.

Kamala Harris: To get back in that TSA line, to get back on a plane, to go home.

Alex Cooper: And that's all if they can even afford the plane ticket --

Kamala Harris: Exactly.

Alex Cooper: Or the bus ticket.

Kamala Harris: Exactly. Exactly.

Alex Cooper: Because when Roe v. Wade was overturned, I remember my DMs were flooded with thousands of women begging me to help.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Alex Cooper: And It's overwhelming. And I can't even imagine. I'm saying that in front of you, but it's overwhelming. And I remember people begging me, like, "I just need to afford a bus ticket so I can get out of this --"

Kamala Harris: Yeah, yeah.

Alex Cooper: Abortion desert that I live in in the South so I can get to a state. But they can't even -- you know what I mean? So, it's like these people are literally landlocked into a position that they don't want to be.

Kamala Harris: And here's the thing. Here's the thing, is that you don't have to abandon your faith or deeply held beliefs to agree. The government shouldn't be telling her what to do. If she chooses, she'll talk to her priest, her pastor, her rabbi, her imam, but not the government telling you what to do. And that's what's so outrageous about it is a bunch of these guys up in these state capitals are writing these decisions because they somehow have decided that they're in a better position to tell you what's in your best interest than you are to know what's in your own best interest. It's outrageous.

Alex Cooper: It's outrageous. I mean, Daddy Gang, to put it in our TikTok terms, I have seen girls on the street walk up to men and be like, "Do you know where a tampon goes? Do you know how many tampons we use? Do you even know how like -- do you know what a X or Y or Z is of a part of our --" and they don't know the answer.

Kamala Harris: I was the first vice president or president to ever, in office, go to a reproductive health care clinic, ever.

Alex Cooper: Really?

Kamala Harris: Yes, yes, yes.

Alex Cooper: I didn't know that, but I guess that makes sense.

Kamala Harris: To your point.

Alex Cooper: And yet, the men are making the decision about our lives.

Kamala Harris: And here's the other thing about this point, that it's about IVF treatments and access. It's about access to contraception, which is very much at risk with these folks. It is about -- back to the point about reproductive health clinics. You know what those clinics also do? They do Paps. They do breast cancer screenings.

Kamala Harris: They do HIV testing. And they're having to close in many places with these bans. So, think about the fact that for anyone who has gone to one of these clinics, you understand that it is sometimes the most trusted place where people receive that health care because they walk into those places that are generally staffed by people who create a safe place for people to come in without judgment.

Kamala Harris: So, anyone seeking any reproductive health care and wanting to go to a place where they feel safe and without judgment, these clinics have often been the place that people can go. And many of them are having to close because of these laws.

Alex Cooper: I was raised Catholic, and abortion is a sin. And -- and when I put out that episode, I had a lot of women reach out to me saying, "Wow, you know, I live in the South, and I never thought about it that way. Like, maybe I am pro-choice because I won't get an abortion because of my religion."

Kamala Harris: Yeah, right.

Alex Cooper: But why should we control what someone else wants to do?

Kamala Harris: And that's -- and, you know, what's interesting, Alex, to your point, what I'm finding as I travel, people who before -- two years ago, before Roe v. Wade was overturned, people who felt very strong about that they are anti-abortion -- anti-abortion are now seeing what's happening and saying, "I didn't intend for all this to happen."

Kamala Harris: And I think that's also why in state after state, so-called red states and so-called blue states, when this issue has been on the ballot, the American people are voting for freedom because ultimately, it's about -- look, this is not about imposing my thoughts on you in terms of what you do with your life or your body.

Kamala Harris: It's -- it's actually quite the opposite. It's saying the government shouldn't be telling people what to do.

Alex Cooper: I think that, unfortunately, we have these real-life names. We have these horrific --

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Alex Cooper: Moments that these people are losing their lives, right? We have a woman named Amber Thurman who died --

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Alex Cooper: in Georgia because the abortion bans in that state, the doctors were too afraid to treat her.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Alex Cooper: I know that you spoke to her family.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Alex Cooper: What was that conversation like?

Kamala Harris: It was heartbreaking, Alex. It was heartbreaking, her mom and her two sisters. And so, Amber was a young mother of a 6-year-old son. She was a medical assistant who was so excited because she was just getting on her feet to be independent. She got her own apartment in a gated community with a pool that her son could play in.

Kamala Harris: She got accepted to nursing school. She was, as described by her family, so excited and so ambitious, and she had plans. Then, she found out she was pregnant, and she didn't want to go through her pregnancy. She was living in Georgia, and she couldn't receive care there because she was past six weeks.

Kamala Harris: And so, she ended up going to another state. And because she was -- basically, she couldn't get there on time, and because the other state had been so overwhelmed by all these women coming from all these Southern states who couldn't get treatment in their own state, her -- the window for her appointment had closed.

Kamala Harris: So, instead of having a surgical procedure, she had medication and basically went back home and then had some complications and went to the hospital because. She was bleeding. And they delayed 20 hours before they treated her. Because here's the thing that's so messed up about this. Some of these people will say, "Whoa, but I do believe in exceptions.

Kamala Harris: I believe that there should be an exception in terms of -- in the life of the mother. OK, here, let's talk about this. This gets back to, again, practical application of policy. OK, so you believe there's an exception that the person should receive abortion care if the life of the mother is at risk. You know what that in practical terms? She's almost dead before you decide to give her care.

Kamala Harris: What? So, we're going to have public health policy that says a doctor, a medical professional, waits until you're at death's door before they give you care? That's outrageous that anybody would be saying that that is acceptable policy. So, until everything that -- that physically could happen to your body in terms of deterioration, only at the point that, "Oh, she might die," is she going to get care? Where is the humanity?

Alex Cooper: I think that's what's been very difficult as a young adult in this country right now is like there are so many policies I could sit here and talk to you about.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Alex Cooper: But Call Her Daddy has been rooted in supporting women --

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Alex Cooper: And talking about women and lifting women up because it is no denying that we have always been underserved, and we are treated like second-class citizen to men, right? And I can see people -- I get it. We're going to talk about the economy. We're going to talk all about all this. But what is any of that good for if we're not even taking care of the people that are able to produce the next generation?

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Alex Cooper: I do want to clarify something. In the debate, former President Trump claimed that some states are executing babies after birth. Can you just clarify?

Kamala Harris: That is not happening anywhere in the United States. It is not happening, and it's a lie. It's a bold-face lie that he is suggesting that -- can you imagine? Can you imagine? He is suggesting that women in their ninth month of pregnancy are electing to have an abortion? Are you kidding? That is -- that is so outrageously inaccurate, and it's so insulting to suggest that that would be happening and that women would be doing that.

Kamala Harris: It's not happening anywhere. This guy is full of lies. I mean, I just have to be very candid with you. You know, in my career, from the time I got out of law school through most of my career as a prosecutor, I understood that the words that I spoke and what I did with those words would be the difference between whether somebody was charged with a crime or went to prison, maybe prison for life.

Kamala Harris: When I was attorney general, I was the top law enforcement officer of the biggest state in this country. And I was acutely aware that the words I spoke could be the difference between whether a corporation was in business or out of business, that the words I spoke could move markets. The idea that someone is not only so careless and irresponsible and reckless, but out and out lies to create fear and division in our country and thinks he should be president of the United States standing behind the seal of the president of the United States using the microphone that comes with that and using that voice and those words in such an irresponsible, and that's mild, way? And this is why this election matters.

Kamala Harris: There's so many things at stake right now. And one of them is to collectively say, "You know what? Somebody who uses their voice in their -- and that microphone in that way should never be present in the United States."

Alex Cooper: I think, again, like, I'm not CNN. I'm not Fox.

Kamala Harris: Right.

Alex Cooper: I am a woman who is talking about her experiences on my podcast.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Alex Cooper: And I have millions of women that tune in to connect with me and to connect with whoever sitting across from me.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Alex Cooper: And I want to pose this question more to you and the Daddy Gang. But one of the biggest conversations in this year's election revolves around a woman's body.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Alex Cooper: I want to take a moment, and can we try to think of any law that gives the government the power to make a decision --

Kamala Harris: I know what you're going to ask.

Alex Cooper: About a man's body. Is there any law --

Kamala Harris: No, no, no. It's -- no. Look, we are a work in progress. But here's one of the many things I so love about our country. Part of the strength of our country and our evolution as a country has been through the fight for the expansion of rights, not the restriction of rights but the expansion of rights.

Kamala Harris: And we still have work to do. But I say that that work is born out of love of country. And it's hard work, but it's good work, and it's important work. And that's what's before each of us. And I think that, you know, around election time, but every day, back to the conversation that we've been having about power, the beauty of a democracy is that we each as individuals have the power to weigh in on this stuff.

Kamala Harris: And around election time, it's through your vote; and, you know, if you're interested, the ability to organize your friends and family around what you care about that's on the ballot. But this is the beauty of a democracy. We each have the power to weigh in on this. And I say to everybody, however you vote, don't let anyone take your power from you.

Alex Cooper: I want to ask you a question because there -- again, in speaking about women, there has been a very big fixation on biological children, stepchildren, women that have children versus women that don't have children. It's a huge point somehow --

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Alex Cooper: Of this entire election, right? I I saw the governor of Arkansas said, "My kids keep me humble. Unfortunately, Kamala Harris doesn't have anything keeping her humble." How did that make you feel?

Kamala Harris: I don't think she understands that there are a whole lot of women out here who, one, are not aspiring to be humble; two, a whole lot of women out here who have a lot of love in their lives family in their life, and children in their life. And I think it's really important for women to lift each other up.

Kamala Harris: You know, I'll tell you, Alex, one of the things that I have really enjoyed about where the discussion has gone, one of the places it's gone, we have our family by blood, and then we have our family by love. And I have both. And I consider it to be a real blessing. And I have two beautiful children, Cole and Ella, who call me Mamala.

Kamala Harris: We have a very modern family. My husband's ex-wife is a friend of mine. You know, and also, I'll tell you, look, I'm a child of divorced parents. And when I started dating Doug, my husband, I was very thoughtful and sensitive to making sure that until I knew that our relationship was something that was going to be real, I didn't want to form a relationship with the kids and then walk away from that relationship.

Kamala Harris: It's just my own experience tells me that, you know, children form attachment, and you really want to be thoughtful about it. And so I waited to meet the kids. And they are my children, and I love those kids to death. And family comes in many forms. And I think that, increasingly, you know, all of us understand that, you know, this is not the 1950s anymore.

Kamala Harris: Families come in all kinds of shapes and forms, and their family nonetheless.

Alex Cooper: It's a big conversation I have on my show because I also know there are a lot of people, you know, that don't have the ability to even have a relationship with their blood families.

Kamala Harris: Right, right.

Alex Cooper: Whether it's through death or abuse or boundaries that are being set.

Kamala Harris: Right. Absolutely.

Alex Cooper: It is -- it is more common these days for people to know what boundaries are in the first place because of the conversation around mental health and to choose family and to choose people that lift them up. And I think it is a very big conversation I want to just say for the Daddy Gang of, like, you should not feel ashamed for whatever you call your family.

Kamala Harris: That's exactly right.

Alex Cooper: A family is a family, and a family is a family.

Kamala Harris: That's exactly right. That's so -- I think that's absolutely important because, again, I think there's so many forces that come in very different ways that are just trying to make people feel small and alone.

Alex Cooper: I know that we all saw, obviously, Taylor Swift sign out on her Instagram, and I wanted to address Donald Trump's VP pick, JD Vance, called women who don't have kids, childless cat ladies. What message do you think this sends to women who cannot conceive or just don't want kids?

Kamala Harris: I just think it's mean and mean-spirited. And I think that most Americans want leaders who understand that the measure of their strength is not based on who you beat down. The real measure of the strength of a leader is based on who you lift up.

Alex Cooper: Almost 1 in 4 Gen Z and millennials say they don't want to have kids because it's too damn expensive. How are you going to help young people --

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Alex Cooper: Not feel left behind?

Kamala Harris: So, first of all, it's a very real issue, and we need to take it seriously. And I do take it very seriously. So, there are a number of issues that contribute to that -- that feeling. One is housing is too expensive, and we need to increase the housing supply. So, part of my plan is to work with home builders in the private sector to create tax incentives, to build, by the end of my first term, 3 million more housing units.

Kamala Harris: Second piece is $25,000 downpayment assistance for first-time home buyers. Because a big issue in terms of the barrier to being a homeowner is just having enough to actually put that downpayment down, to get your foot in the door. The other piece of it is we need to give tax credits and really understand that middle-class and working people need a break.

Kamala Harris: And so, part of my plan is to give 100 million more people, who basically are middle-class working people, tax cuts, including, for young parents, a $6,000 tax cut for the first year of their child's life, which helps them buy a crib or a car seat or clothing and just get through that first year, which is such an important and critical stage of their child's development.

Alex Cooper: I have a lot of listeners that are fresh out of college, right? And they were told, obviously, their student loans would be forgiven. And now, they are drowning in student debt. What do we say to those people?

Kamala Harris: We are fighting, and I'm going to continue to fight for student debt relief. I mean, student loan debt is a huge issue. And to your point, it's a barrier to people being able to even think about starting a family, buying a home. And it just -- we need to give people relief. Part of the work that we've done is that -- when I've been vice president, has been to forgive student loan debt for millions of people, by this point, I think over 5 million, including doubling the amount of student loan forgiveness for public servants like nurses and teachers and firefighters.

Kamala Harris: But we have to do more. Debt is a big issue. The other piece that I've been pushing for is helping people in terms of medical debt not being on their credit score. Because, you know, if you rack up debt because you have medical bills and it can be used against your credit score, which is going to impact your ability to get an apartment lease or a car loan or a small business loan.

Alex Cooper: I mean, I think that -- I know we don't have that much time to go into all of this, but I think the biggest problem for people right now that I'm finding that I'm reading online with all these young people is people are so frustrated and just --

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Alex Cooper: Exhausted with politics in general. People feel so -- they don't feel incentivized to vote because they feel like politicians are essentially, like, over-promising, under-delivering. Why should we trust you?

Kamala Harris: So, I'll say this. Look, you can look at my career to know what I care about. I care about making sure that people are entitled to and receive the freedoms that they are due. I care about lifting people up and making sure that you are protected from harm. I care about tapping into the ambitions and the aspirations of people, knowing that we are capable of so much.

Kamala Harris: But you can't grow the strength of our country if you underestimate the capacity of each person, right? Which is why another thing that I'm really focused on is small businesses and startups, and giving startups a $50,000 tax deduction because, right now, it's $5,000, and you can't start up anything, any small business with $5,000.

Kamala Harris: But the bottom line is this. I believe in the promise of America. I have not been able to be the first in every position that I've had were it not for the promise of America. I believe in our country. I love our country. And I believe that leadership has to be about knowing our capacity and then investing in the people.

Kamala Harris: Because lifting up each person that we do is about lifting up the hole.

Alex Cooper: Madam Vice President, thank you so much for coming on Call Her Daddy. It was truly an honor.

Kamala Harris: Thank you, and thank you for your voice.