Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-interview-univision-town-hall-enrique-acevedo-las-vegas-october-10-2024

Unidentified: For the first time, Latino voters from around the country gathered to participate in a public forum organized by TelevisaUnivision, in which they will be able to ask the candidates for the presidency of the United States directly and thus decide who to vote for employment, health, immigration, security, education, and climate change among other topics.

Unidentified: Latinos ask, Kamala Harris responds.

Enrique Acevedo: Madam, Vice President, [Untranslated] welcome. Thank you again for doing this.

Kamala Harris: Thank you. Thank you.

Enrique Acevedo: [Untranslated]

Interpreter: [Translated] Welcome to all of you. I'm Enrique Acevedo. We are here at a historic night for an undecided Latin voters selected by an independent company and gathered here by Noticias Univision will be asking questions of the Democratic candidate to the presidency, Vice President Kamala Harris. Vice President, thank you. Welcome.

Kamala Harris: Thank you very much for taking the time.

Enrique Acevedo: Particularly this week when we're facing a national emergency, so.

Kamala Harris: Well, let me start by, Enrique, thank you and Univision and everyone who is here for this conversation.

Enrique Acevedo: Let me grab a microphone. I'm sorry, they -- thank you. We'll fix it quickly. Thank you. Thank you.

Kamala Harris: Again, I thank everyone for taking the time to be here this evening and for this important conversation and to Univision and Enrique, thank you. You mentioned the hurricanes. I'll start by speaking to all of the people who are living in the Southeast Corridor who have been so devastated by Hurricane Helene, Milton.

Kamala Harris: And I cannot stress enough the work that we have been doing around the clock to make sure that the federal resources are on the ground in partnership with state and local leaders to do the work of giving people the relief they need so immediately, plus a commitment to helping people in the long term.

Kamala Harris: I do think that the crisis that we have just experienced and the ongoing effects of it, because of these hurricanes, are yet another example of the importance of having leadership at a moment of crisis who understands their role and responsibility. I think for too long in our country, especially over the last several years, there has been a suggestion that, frankly, I think is quite backward, that suggests that the strength of a leader is based on who you beat down, instead of the real strength of a leader being who you lift up.

Kamala Harris: And in this crisis, like in so many issues that affect the people of our country, I think it is important that leadership recognizes the dignity to which each person is entitled, that leadership is about understanding the importance of lifting people up, understanding that the character of our country is such that we are a people who have ambitions, aspirations, dreams, goals for ourselves and our families and are entitled to have a leader who then invests in that, as opposed to a leader who is constantly trying to divide the country and have people pointing their fingers at each other, demeaning people.

Kamala Harris: And that, frankly, is a big contrast in this election. This election is taking place in 26 days, and I very much believe that the American people are being presented with two very different visions for our country.

Enrique Acevedo: And we'll talk about those visions today.

Kamala Harris: And I look forward to this conversation, because I do believe -- and I'll just close with this, and then, please --

Enrique Acevedo: Of course, ma'am.

Kamala Harris: -- is that the two visions, simply put, are that one is about the future and the other is about the past and taking us backward. And I do believe that the American people are ambitious and aspirational about an investment in the future in a way that we are optimistic while being clear-eyed. So, I'm honored to be here to have this conversation, and I look forward to any questions. Thank you.

Enrique Acevedo: Thank you so much. [Untranslated]

Kamala Harris: Thank you. Thank you.

Enrique Acevedo: And our thoughts and prayers, of course, with the families affected, the people living in the affected area, like Ramiro. Ramiro Gonzalez, our first question, he's in construction. He lives in Tampa. His home is there. Ramiro Gonzalez [Untranslated] He's got a question for Ms. Vice President.

Ramiro Gonzalez: [Untranslated]

Interpreter: [Translated] Good evening, Ms. Vice President. I spent the night watching the news tracking the that was going through my family's house two weeks ago. There was another hurricane that came through the same neighborhood. They are saying or rumors are that your administration didn't do enough to respond to the last hurricane.

Interpreter: What would you specifically do or your administration do to help us in the Tampa Bay area or the Central Florida area with this hurricane?

Enrique Acevedo: [Translated] The administration didn't do enough in terms of relief for families affected by Helene. What would your administration do differently in the case of Milton?

Kamala Harris: Well, first of all, thank you for the question. And I hope your family is OK and your home is OK.

Ramiro Gonzalez: Yes, they are, ma'am.

Kamala Harris: OK. So, there has been a lot of mis- and disinformation about what we have been doing over the last two weeks and what we are going to do going forward. And I have to stress that this is not a time for people to play politics. You know, I started my career as a prosecutor, and when I worked doing that job of my goal of keeping people safe, I never asked a witness or a victim of crime, "Are you a Republican? Are you a Democrat?" The only question I ever asked is, "Are you OK?" And sadly, we have seen, over the last two weeks since Hurricane Helene, and now in the immediate aftermath of Milton, where people are playing political games, suggesting that resources and support is only going to certain people based on a political agenda.

Kamala Harris: And this is just not accurate. I have been working over the course of the last couple of years -- not even a couple of years, my whole career -- but couple of weeks with people on the ground in Georgia, in North Carolina, in Florida, in the Southeast corridor -- Republicans, Democrats -- to work in getting relief that is about bringing FEMA resources on the ground, reminding people that they are entitled to relief.

Kamala Harris: Don't listen to anyone who says that you're not entitled. Doing the work -- I was just on a secure meeting today with the president, with the secretary of Defense, with the chairman of the Joint Chiefs, with the head of the Coast Guard, with the general representing NORTHCOM, talking about how the federal, state, and local governments are working together for the benefit of the people on the ground.

Kamala Harris: Another piece of work that I've been doing -- it's based on my years of being an attorney general in California -- is telling those corporations and those companies that, during crisis and emergencies, jack up prices -- and I've seen it happen before -- that we're watching them. And at a moment of desperation for these individuals and families, whether it be to be able to get temporary shelter at a hotel, for gas prices, for even airline tickets, that we'll be watching, if they're jacking up prices, to make sure there'll be serious consequence.

Kamala Harris: And that's the kind of work I will do going forward. I have spent my career -- the vast majority of my career concerning myself with the safety and well-being of people. And I promise you and I pledge to, as president, I will continue to do that. You have a right to know that your government and its leaders are putting you first and not themselves.

Ramiro Gonzalez: Thank you, Madam Vice President.

Kamala Harris: Thank you. Thank you.

Enrique Acevedo: Gracias, Ramiro. Our next question is over here. Ivett Castillo, she lives here in Vegas. Ms. Castilla [Untranslated]. She wants to share a personal story, Madam Vice President.

Kamala Harris: Hi.

Ivett Castillo: [Untranslated] Good evening, Madam Vice President. [Untranslated] You and I have something in common. We both lost our mother. And I'm an American citizen, born to two Mexican parents. They were here before I was even born. They have worked their whole lives. But with the way immigration laws change over time, I was only able to help my dad get his legal status squared away but not my mom's. My mom passed away just six weeks ago.

Kamala Harris: Oh, I'm so sorry.

Ivett Castillo: And she was never, ever able to get the type of care and service that she needed or deserved. Sorry.

Kamala Harris: Take your time. Take your time.

Ivett Castillo: So, my question for you is, what are your plans or do you have plans to support that subgroup of immigrants who have been here their whole lives or most of them and have to live and die in the shadows?

Kamala Harris: I'm so sorry for you.

Ivett Castillo: Thank you.

Kamala Harris: You must remember your mother as she lived. I have enough of a feeling about your strength that it probably comes from her to know she would want you to remember her as she lived and not as she died. OK?

Ivett Castillo: Mm-hmm.

Kamala Harris: So, let's take it one step at a time. Your parents were here for years, it sounds like. And your father was able to earn his pathway to citizenship, but your mother was not. And I'm going to assume it's because part of the problem is that we do have a broken immigration system, including it being the case that even though, when we were elected in 2020, and the first bill we offered Congress -- before we did the bipartisan infrastructure bill, before we did the work on gun safety, before we did the work on investing in chips and science -- the first bill we offered within hours of taking the oath was a bill to fix the immigration system, including creating a comprehensive earned pathway to citizenship for hardworking people.

Kamala Harris: And it was not taken up. And now, we look at a situation where people are suffering. The reality is that, in terms of having access to health care, had your mother been able to gain citizenship, she would have been entitled to health care that may have alleviated her suffering and yours. And this is one example of the fact that there are real people who are suffering because of an inability to put solutions in front of politics.

Kamala Harris: I mean, an example of this on immigration policy is that, as it relates to what we need to do to strengthen our border, a bipartisan group of members of Congress, including one of the most conservative members of the United States Senate, came together with one of the strongest border security bills we've had in decades.

Kamala Harris: And it included 1,500 more border agents to go to the border to help those hardworking folks who are working around the clock. The border agents supported the bill. It included more resources to stem the flow of fentanyl, which is killing people of every background in every region of our country. It would have allowed us to have more resources to take on transnational criminal organizations.

Kamala Harris: I have prosecuted transnational criminal organizations, from the Guadalajara Cartel to the Sinaloa Cartel. And Donald Trump found out about that bill, realized it would be a solution, and told them not to put it on the floor for a vote because he would prefer to run on a problem instead of fixing a problem.

Kamala Harris: And, again, Enrique, we were talking about it in terms of real leadership, real leadership is about solving problems on behalf of the people. And I'm so sorry for what you've been through. I'm so sorry for what you've been through. And, you know, my mother came to the United States at the age of 19. She was by herself -- came alone by herself.

Kamala Harris: She raised my sister and me, Maya. And I know what it is like to have a hardworking mother who loves you and to lose that. But I know that her spirit is alive. I know her spirit is alive. And will you tell me her name? And let's speak her name.

Ivett Castillo: Sorry. Maria Dolores Figueroa.

Kamala Harris: Maria Dolores?

Ivett Castillo: Mm-hmm.

Kamala Harris: OK. We speak her name. OK?

Ivett Castillo: Yes. Thank you.

Kamala Harris: All right.

Enrique Acevedo: Muchas gracias, Ivett. Thank you so much, Madam Vice President. We have Francisco Medina here with me. He comes from San Diego, California, and has a question about access to health care. [Untranslated] He has a question about the health system.

Francisco Medina: Very nice to meet you. Thank you for being here.

Kamala Harris: Of course.

Francisco Medina: [Untranslated]

Interpreter: [Translated] I have an injured knee. I work for the Department of Defense, and supposedly we have a very medical insurance. Supposedly we have very good health care. But the times that we have to wait to see a specialist are just simply ridiculous. Finally, after two years, I was able to get an MRI. But I was told that I needed to wait for over a month to begin my rehabilitation.

Interpreter: So, I made the decision to cross the border into Mexico. And in Tijuana, I found a specialist without having to make an appointment. I went to his clinic and in 45 minutes I was being taken care of and my rehabilitation had begun. [Crosstalk] Mexico, and in less than 45 minutes, I was already seeing in a specialist and having rehab.

Interpreter: My question to you is what's your plan to improve the medical system?

Kamala Harris: So, I hope you're feeling better now. I'm sorry it took so long for you to get the support you needed. I firmly and deeply believe that access to health care is a right and should be a right and not just a privilege of those who can afford it or have access to it easily. It should be something that we make accessible to all people.

Kamala Harris: Again, it gets back to my earlier point. It's about the dignity of people and about the importance of doing what we can as leaders to alleviate suffering, right? You know, when I say earlier about what I think is backwards in terms of this thinking that it's a sign of strength to beat people down, part of the backward nature of those kinds of thinking is to suggest that empathy, right, is somehow a weakness -- empathy, meaning to have some level of care and concern about the suffering of other people and then do something to lift that up.

Kamala Harris: A lot of the work that I have done over the years, including as vice president now for almost four years, has been to address what we need to do to strengthen our health care system, whether it be what we do to strengthen the Affordable Care Act to make sure more people have coverage, to what we have done, which is we finally have capped the cost of insulin, for example, at $35 a month.

Kamala Harris: I don't know if this is interactive enough, if I can ask anyone. Raise your hand if you have a family member with diabetes, right? And seniors and what -- Latinos are 70 percent more likely to be diagnosed with diabetes. And so, when we capped the cost of insulin at $35 a month, what that means is it -- it's the story I hear constantly, including recently, from a woman here in Las Vegas, which is finally her mother can afford to fill her prescription for insulin instead of trying to make it last for a longer period of time, even though that's going to lead to her health condition worsening.

Kamala Harris: The work we have done has been about capping the cost of prescription medication for seniors at $2,000. My intention, as president of the United States, is to now make that available not just for seniors but for everyone. The work that we must do is about understanding health care is a right and should not just be a privilege of those who have access to it.

Kamala Harris: Again, this is an election. That's why we're here because we have an election coming up. There's a big contrast between me and Donald Trump. When he was president of the United States, he and his friends, 60 times, tried to get rid of the Affordable Care Act. You remember what it was like before the Affordable Care Act? Preexisting conditions, when an insurance company could deny you access to health care for a preexisting condition, which could include asthma -- your child has asthma, a survivor of breast cancer, diabetes.

Kamala Harris: I mean, some would argue being a woman was a preexisting condition under that plan. Tried to get rid of it. I urge everyone to look up Project 2025, which is his plan if he is elected president again. You can Google it. And you'll see the plan that he has that includes getting rid of Medicare, Social Security, and all of those things that are to the benefit of, again, the basic dignity of all people and, in particular, working people.

Kamala Harris: Look, I come from the middle class. My mother was a working woman who raised me and my sister. My mother was able to finally -- she saved up to be able to afford to buy a home by the time I was a teenager. I know everyone has ambition, works hard, has aspirations, but doesn't necessarily have all the resources that other people have.

Kamala Harris: Access to health care should not be a function of how much money you have in your back pocket. That's how I think about the health care system, including what we need to do to make sure that someone like you, who has dedicated yourself to our country and your work, has access and doesn't have to go to another country to get what you need.

Francisco Medina: Gracias.

Kamala Harris: Thank you.

Francisco Medina: Thank you.

Enrique Acevedo: Thank you, Francisco.

Kamala Harris: Thank you.

Enrique Acevedo: Thank you, Madam Vice President. Over a million disability applications are stuck in our Social Security system. And Martha Rodriguez has a question about that. [Untranslated]

Interpreter: [Translated] Martha has a question on the applications for disabled people at Social Security.

Martha Rodriguez: Good evening. Good evening, Vice President Harris. My name is Martha. I'm 62 years old and currently homeless. In 2020, I had a heart attack. Then I got diagnosed with long COVID, which will disable me for the rest of my life. I lost my job, my income. I had no choice but to apply for Social Security disability.

Martha Rodriguez: It's been three years I've been waiting for a decision. Because of no income, I lost everything. I have no health insurance. I can't get medical treatment that I need. And my question for you is, how will you help the disabled people so that they can get insurance and make America great again?

Kamala Harris: I'm so sorry for everything you've been through. Your point about long COVID, finally -- I was actually part of pushing to make sure that long COVID is now recognized under the Americans with Disabilities Act. So, it is now recognized as being a disability for the purposes of allowing you and people who have long COVID to be eligible for disability benefits.

Kamala Harris: And that's a very big point. As it relates to disability rights as a general matter, it's something I've worked on for years. The point just being very simple, frankly, which is that all people, regardless of disability, should have equal access to housing, to job opportunities, to education, and, again, to dignity.

Kamala Harris: And there's still a lot of work that we have to do in that regard. What we have to do in terms of also making sure that somebody who experiences an acute illness does not lose everything is still work we have to do. Part of the work that I have been doing and intend to do as president includes, for example, dealing with the issue of medical debt.

Kamala Harris: So, this is a big issue, which is people, through no fault of their own, experience a serious illness, and then they acquire all these bills and debt. Right now, the system is that that medical debt can be used against your credit score, your credit score. Everybody knows their credit score. It's kind of like you know your weight, you know your credit score, right? So, your credit score, as we know, will determine your eligibility for everything from a small business loan to whether you qualify for a lease on an apartment.

Kamala Harris: The unfairness of it -- and this is what I intend to change -- is that medical debt is not a measure of how responsible you are with money. It's about the fact that you experienced an emergency for which you did not plan because you did not invite it, and then it works against people's ability to do things like get an apartment.

Kamala Harris: So, there are a number of issues that I think you're raising around how we have to see the full person and understand how one thing connects to another, because, as you have explained, a health issue that then results in an issue about, literally, housing and whether you are unhoused; an issue that is about what you qualify in terms of benefits, again, to be able to live with dignity and have a quality of life to which you are entitled after what I can tell are years of working hard.

Martha Rodriguez: Yeah. I worked for 45 years before I got sick, and to be waiting so long, and all they can say is it's because of the pandemic.

Enrique Acevedo: Thank you so much, Martha.

Martha Rodriguez: Thank you.

Enrique Acevedo: Thank you.

Martha Rodriguez: I hope you address this.

Enrique Acevedo: [Untranslated]

Interpreter: [Translated] Thank you.

Kamala Harris: I will, and I'll remember your story.

Martha Rodriguez: Thank you.

Kamala Harris: OK?

Enrique Acevedo: Thank you, Martha. Thank you, Madam Vice President. Our next question comes over here from Mario Sigbaum. He was born in Uruguay but became a U.S. citizen 28 years ago. He lives in California. [Untranslated]

Interpreter: [Translated] Mario, you were born in Uruguay 28 years ago, you became a U.S. citizen. Your question, please.

Mario Sigbaum: [Untranslated]

Interpreter: [Translated] I'm pleased to meet you. Good evening. I am registered as an independent voter. In the past, I have voted the Democrats as well as the Republican Party. Nowadays, I'm decided and a bit confused. I have seen that for instance, you earn your candidacy without going through the normal. That is primary elections or through a caucus.

Interpreter: That really caught my attention. That has sort of inclined me to vote for Trump. However, I'm still undecided. Also impacted me, and it was something quite different, how President Biden was completely destituted. It seems something unprecedented. It's so close to the elections.

Enrique Acevedo: [Translated] I'm right now leaning towards Trump, but I haven't made a decision. I'm also concerned about the way I feel President Biden was pushed aside.

Mario Sigbaum: [Untranslated]

Interpreter: [Translated] So close to the elections, I believe these are extraordinary circumstances.

Enrique Acevedo: [Translated] I think it's extraordinary circumstances, given how close we are to the election. Your question, Mario.

Mario Sigbaum: [Untranslated]

Interpreter: [Translated] So, the question is how can you clarify this whole process and how you were elected?

Kamala Harris: First of all, thank you for being so candid and allowing me to answer the question. Thank you. President Biden made a decision that I think history will show was probably one of the most courageous that a president could make, which is he decided to put country above his personal interest. And he made that decision.

Kamala Harris: He very, within that same period of time, supported my candidacy and urged me to run. He and I have been partners for the last four years as his vice president -- to him as the president. And I am honored to have earned the Democratic nomination. I am honored to have the endorsement of people from every walk of life.

Kamala Harris: You will probably find that I probably have a bigger coalition of people who couldn't seem to be more different than each other, who have come together around my candidacy -- from 200 Republicans who worked with and for both Presidents Bush, John McCain, Mitt Romney; including Liz Cheney, the former congresswoman, and her father, the former vice president, Dick Cheney, who is supporting me; former members -- very esteemed members, including generals, of the national security community.

Kamala Harris: I have the endorsement and support of Alberto Gonzales, most recently, who, of course, was attorney general. I have the support of people from every background, and I believe this is the reason why, it is incredibly important -- and I know you and I can see you are a patriot -- that we have the president of the United States who honors the oath that they take to support the Constitution of the United States.

Kamala Harris: There is a huge contrast in this election. Donald Trump has said he will be a dictator on day one. Many people come from backgrounds and countries of origin, and we know what that means when you're talking about someone who wants to be president of the United States and wants to be a dictator and what that means in terms of taking freedoms from their people.

Kamala Harris: Donald Trump has said he would weaponize the Department of Justice against his political enemies. I urge you to look at Project 2025, and you will see. He will strip the Department of Justice of its independence and put in and hire across the board, instead of career public servants, his people, who are his loyalists.

Kamala Harris: Donald Trump said he would, and I'm using a quotation, "terminate" the Constitution of the United States. Imagine, the Constitution of the United States, which guarantees the Fourth Amendment against unreasonable search and seizure by a government on you; the Fifth Amendment; the Sixth Amendment. So, I believe that the stakes right now are extraordinarily high and potentially -- some might say, historians have said -- unprecedented.

Kamala Harris: And so, maybe the whole situation, including your point, is a bit unprecedented, but this is an unusual time, where we are literally having a choice, as the American people, about choosing a path either that is about rule of law, democracy, or something that is about admiring dictators and autocracy.

Kamala Harris: Did you see the most recent report about the COVID -- we talked about COVID -- the COVID test? The most recent report, Donald Trump, according to that report, during the height of COVID -- I'm sure there are people here who have family members or friends who died, and he secretly shipped off COVID tests to Vladimir Putin of Russia, when people by the hundreds were dying every day.

Kamala Harris: President Biden and I would work on it, because disproportionately Latinos and African Americans were dying. So, I present that to you, sir, to say this is an extraordinary time. It's an extraordinary time. And what is being presented to the voters of America right now is a real choice and a real difference, so fundamental.

Kamala Harris: This is not about a debate on trickle-down economic theory. It's literally about, do we support our democracy and the Constitution of the United States, or are we going to go on the path of somebody who is a sore loser and lost the election in 2020 and tried to have a violent mob undo it? A violent mob that attacked the United States Capitol, that injured 140 uniformed law enforcement officers, some died, to undo the will of the American people in a free and fair election.

Kamala Harris: And I think, frankly, sir, that is why some former Trump supporters are supporting me. I think January 6th, for a lot of people, was just a bridge too far. It was just one step too far. So, I hope to earn your vote, and I thank you for your candor. Thank you.

Enrique Acevedo: Gracias, Mario.

Kamala Harris: Thank you.

Enrique Acevedo: Thank you, Madam Vice President. We're going to try to get to as many questions as possible. We're just going to take a quick break. [Untranslated]

Interpreter: [Translated] We're going to take a quick break, and we'll come back with more of this historic encounter between undecided Latin voters and Vice President Kamala Harris.

Unidentified: Latinos ask, Kamala Harris responds. [Commercial break]

Enrique Acevedo: [Untranslated]

Interpreter: [Translated] We are back with this encounter between undecided Latin voters and Vice President Kamala Harris.

Enrique Acevedo: And, Madam Vice President, our next question comes from Yuma, Arizona, Carlos Garcia. [Untranslated]

Interpreter: [Translated] Carlos Garcia comes from Arizona with a question for Vice President.

Carlos Garcia: [Untranslated]

Interpreter: [Translated] Good evening, Vice President. It's an honor to be here tonight. I am Carlos Garcia. I come from Yuma, Arizona on the border. And as you know, your opponent rival, Donald Trump, accuses you of allowing in a uncontrolled border, uncontrolled immigration.

Enrique Acevedo: [Translated] I come from Yuma, Arizona. And, as you know, your opponent has accused you of allowing the border to be out of control, as well as undocumented immigration.

Carlos Garcia: [Untranslated]

Interpreter: [Translated] I have witness of federal agents, as you mentioned, tire working, long hours, the border closed because of the waves of immigrants that are coming and the fear in the neighborhoods because people are passing through in the hours of the day.

Enrique Acevedo: [Translated] I've seen Border Patrol agents exhausted from working long hours. I've seen fear in my community, as well as the borders are closed for us living across the border and inside.

Carlos Garcia: [Untranslated]

Interpreter: [Translated] What will you do if you are president that is different than what the presidency of Joe Biden has done in order to fix this problem at the border?

Enrique Acevedo: [Translated] Border crossings issue, correct. What would you do differently from what's been done in the Biden administration to make sure that the border is secure and orderly?

Kamala Harris: Thank you. Thank you for the question. And I was just recently in Arizona, at the border. Let me start with this. Perhaps what distinguishes me from at least a couple of people, I was the top law enforcement officer of the biggest state in this country, California, that is also a border state. I have taken on transnational criminal organizations.

Kamala Harris: I have taken on transnational criminal organizations that trafficking guns, drugs, and human beings, and I have prosecuted them. I led a bipartisan group of attorneys general -- American attorneys general to Mexico City to work with Mexican attorneys general to combine intelligence and resources to prosecute those cases, including what was going south as well as what was coming north.

Kamala Harris: So, I will put my record up against anyone in terms of the work I have always done and will always do to ensure we have a secure border, which is why I also mention, then, in the context of an earlier question, the point about the border security bill. So, I was just in Arizona at the border. I spoke with the Border Patrol leaders there.

Kamala Harris: To your point, they're working around the clock, and they need more support. Fifteen hundred more border agents would have gone to the border, except Donald Trump got in the way of that bill, many months ago, which would mean those many months of more resources going to help those very agents you are talking about; many months of what could have been happening right now in terms of putting resources into fentanyl and stopping the flow of fentanyl, which we know is killing people every day in America; the trafficking issue -- and, again, work I have done and care deeply about.

Kamala Harris: So, my pledge to you is that, by the grace of God, and hopefully with your support as well, when I am elected president, I will bring back that border security bill, and I will sign it into law and do the work of focusing on what we must do to have a orderly and humane pathway to earned citizenship for hardworking people.

Kamala Harris: I think it is a false choice for people who would say you do one or the other. I believe we must do both. I believe we can do both. And my pledge to you is to work on that. The solutions are at hand. We need the political will. And I thank you for the question.

Carlos Garcia: Thank you.

Kamala Harris: Thank you.

Enrique Acevedo: Thank you, Carlos. And thank you, Madam Vice President. Our next question is over here. Jesus Aispuro is voting for the first time in November. Go ahead, Jesus.

Jesus Aispuro: Good evening. My name is Jesus. So, it's been a couple years since I've gone out of college, and in that time, I actually met a lot of people, a lot of classmates, a lot of classmates that became friends. And, yeah, one thing that happened in that time is a lot of them were talking, feeling this theme of fear.

Jesus Aispuro: And a lot of these classmates were actual DREAMers. And, you know, they had to live day by day and, you know, have that fear in them. So, my question to you is, how would you get these students under DACA the opportunity and citizenship to continue?

Kamala Harris: Thank you. And congratulations on being a first-time voter. That's wonderful. Your voice is your vote. And this is, again, part of the point of a democracy. As long as we can hold on to a democracy, each individual has the ability and the power to determine the course of our country through your vote and so many other ways.

Kamala Harris: So, our DREAMers -- this is, again, a very big example of what the price is to pay for a broken immigration system. Our DREAMers, who you know, and they are friends; classmates; former classmates of yours; children who came very young to the United States, who have worked hard, who have built up a productive life, who are in universities, who are working in Fortune 500 companies, who are serving in our military, serving in our military, prepared to die for the sake of our country and what we stand for.

Kamala Harris: And one of the biggest problems with failure to have a comprehensive plan for immigration is that we have not given them the pathway to earn their right to citizenship. Again, that is one of the priorities for me, frankly, in terms of my motivation for what I know we must do. And they're afraid. They're constantly worried.

Kamala Harris: I mean, there are court cases still where these young people -- you know, now we're looking at millennials, some of them, right, who are still afraid. It pains me. I know many of them, who are still afraid somebody might come knocking on their door. And I just think it's important that we recognize who this population of young people are and agree that they have been so productive, they are prepared to do what is necessary by law.

Kamala Harris: And I think it should compel us to agree they should not have to live in fear but should have an ability to be on a pathway to earn their citizenship. So, it is one of my priorities. And I've worked on this in terms of DREAMers for many, many years, and I'll continue to fight for them. And thank you for the question. Thank you.

Enrique Acevedo: [Untranslated]

Interpreter: [Translated] Thank you, Jesus.

Enrique Acevedo: Thank you so much. We're going to take a quick break again. [Untranslated]

Interpreter: [Translated] Quick break. We'll come back with more questions from the Latin undecided voters with Vice President Kamala Harris. We shall come back.

Unidentified: Latinos ask, Kamala Harris responds. [Commercial break]

Enrique Acevedo: [Untranslated] Madam Vice President, our next question comes from Wendy Solares. Wendy lives in Los Angeles. Her parents are Mexican. [Untranslated]

Interpreter: [Translated] You can go ahead, Wendy.

Wendy Solares: [Untranslated]

Interpreter: [Translated] Good evening, Madam, Vice President. And I am Wendy Solares Suarez. I am here. And I come before you as a mom. In my house we live, my children, my husband, my parents.

Enrique Acevedo: [Translated] I come as a mother. It's my husband, my five daughters, and my parents living with us at home.

Wendy Solares: [Untranslated]

Interpreter: And myself. So, we see in the news often that the cost of living has gone down. However, when I go to the store to purchase food, I see that prices instead are going up.

Enrique Acevedo: [Translated] I watched in the news that the cost of life has improved, but when I go to the grocery store, the prices are up.

Wendy Solares: [Untranslated]

Interpreter: [Translated] I used to spend $250 a week on food and now it goes up to $350.

Enrique Acevedo: [Translated] It went from $250 to over $350 in groceries.

Wendy Solares: [Untranslated]

Interpreter: Not only do I talk about food, but utilities, clothes. Everything is much more expensive.

Enrique Acevedo: [Translated] The same goes for utilities like water and energy and clothes.

Wendy Solares: [Untranslated]

Interpreter: [Translated] I am middle class and I work a lot. And just like everybody else in the middle class, we work very hard. You said we're ambitious, but that ambition sometimes, it's really difficult to keep up with because we see life as going up and we just simply cannot go ahead, we can't move ahead.

Enrique Acevedo: [Translated] I am a middle-class working woman, and you said we're ambitious, but it's hard to maintain that ambition when the conditions are so hard, so challenging.

Wendy Solares: Yes. [Untranslated]

Interpreter: [Translated] So, my question is as follows: What are you going to do to help the middle class so that the cost of living does not destroy us?

Enrique Acevedo: [Translated] How are you going to make sure that the cost of life doesn't destroy the middle class?

Kamala Harris: Thank you for the question. And your point -- listen, I know prices are too high still. You know prices are too high still. And we have to deal with it. Here's how I feel about it. Again, you've heard my story. I come from the working class. I'm never going to forget where I come from. And part of what we have to do is build what I call an opportunity economy, where people have the opportunity, like you have described, for you to be able to work hard and your five daughters have an opportunity to then do what they and what you aspire for them to be able to do without having to worry about just getting by.

Kamala Harris: I want you to be able to get ahead. So, here's my plan. It includes what we need to do to bring down the cost of, for example, groceries. One of the issues I'm going to be taking on is price gouging, which is these corporations and companies who jack up prices unnecessarily, usually around people who are desperate.

Kamala Harris: It's going to be about bringing down the cost of living. For example, part of my plan is to expand the Child Tax Credit so that young families will get $6,000 during the first year of their child's life to help them be able to buy a crib, a car seat, the clothes, the things that they need during that critical stage of their child's development.

Kamala Harris: Housing, from Los Angeles -- you know, I live in Los Angeles, too. OK. So, LA, all over the country, we know we have a housing shortage, and it's jacking up the price of housing, both for buying and renting. Part of my plan is to work with the private sector. Listen, I'm a capitalist. I believe in the strength of the private sector to create jobs and to work with government to strengthen the economy.

Kamala Harris: Part of my plan is to work with developers and builders to build 3 million more housing before the end of my first term. And my plan is to give first-time homebuyers a $25,000 down payment assistance to be able to just get their foot in the door to buy a home, which is the source, as you know, of intergenerational wealth.

Kamala Harris: When you have a home, when you have home ownership, that's how you build up capital and equity that you can use then for other purposes. My plan includes small businesses. You know, so, growing up, we lived in an apartment above a childcare center, which was owned by the woman that helped my mother raise us.

Kamala Harris: We called her our second mother. She was a small business owner. I know who our small businesses are, and they are business leaders. They are civic leaders. They are community leaders. They hire locally. They mentor. And they need more support. Small businesses are part of the backbone of America's economy.

Kamala Harris: Part of my plan is for start-up small businesses -- the tax deduction right now is $5,000, to extend it to $50,000 knowing what that will mean to tap into the ambition and the aspirations that people have, knowing that -- unlike my opponent, who got handed $400 million on a silver tray and filed for bankruptcy six times -- most people don't have that access to the wealth that is necessary for them to start a small business, but when they do, it's to their economic benefit as well as the economic benefit of the community.

Kamala Harris: So, these are just some of my plans. But there's another one that's more specific to, I think, your circumstance, and it's about also dealing with the sandwich generation. This is what we call people, like how you have described your life -- people who are raising young children and taking care of their elder parents, and so they call it the sandwich generation because they're kind of in between.

Kamala Harris: And, you know, when my mother was sick, I took care of her. And I hope your parents are well and healthy, but when you are taking care of someone who is older -- and for my mother, I mean, that meant trying to cook what she had a taste for eating. It meant trying to give her soft enough clothes that wouldn't irritate her skin, make her try to laugh, you know, then bring a smile to her face.

Kamala Harris: And taking care of someone in that situation, it takes a lot out of people. And if you are raising young children at the same time and if you want to work, it's almost impossible to do it all. And so many people in that situation are having to leave the workforce -- jobs they may love -- because there's no way they can do it all.

Kamala Harris: So, here's my plan -- and I just made an announcement about it -- to allow Medicare to cover the cost of home health care for seniors. Medicare now doesn't do it. Now, the situation is that that family or that individual would have to almost go broke and lose everything to apply for Medicaid. I'm saying, no, this is a matter of dignity.

Kamala Harris: It's born out of a personal experience. Let's Medicare cover that so that you can have the home care that allows your parents to stay with you or stay in their own home and have the dignity of doing that, but have somebody there who you don't have to break your savings, who can be there to prepare a meal for them or help them put on their sweater.

Kamala Harris: So, these are some of my plans, and the way I think about it is all of this is about building opportunity for people and, in particular, the middle class. Seeing people as a whole human being, knowing that when you just lift up a little bit of the weight, people thrive and we all benefit. And so, that's how I think about the economy.

Kamala Harris: But we got to bring down prices, but we're still -- the last numbers -- just today, I think it was -- inflation is now down to 2.4. So, you know, we call it the macroeconomic numbers are looking good, but it still doesn't change the experience you're having at the grocery store, and we still need to deal with that. Thank you. Thank you.

Enrique Acevedo: [Untranslated] Thank you, Wendy, for sharing this experience with us. On our last segment, we're going to try to get to as many questions as possible. [Untranslated]

Interpreter: [Translated] We're going to try to ask as many questions as possible in the time we have left. We shall come back here, back to Univision.

Unidentified: Latino asks, Kamala Harris responds. [Commercial break]

Enrique Acevedo: [Untranslated] We're back. Madam Vice President, we have our next question over here. Cristian Galvan comes from Wisconsin and has a question about reproductive health. [Untranslated]

Interpreter: [Translated] A question about reproductive health.

Cristian Galvan: [Untranslated]

Interpreter: [Translated] Good evening, Madam Vice President. I'm so happy to be here. I have a daughter. And my best moment, she's my biggest pride. If you become president, what are the laws that you will impose to abortion?

Enrique Acevedo: [Translated] As a woman, which is the biggest pride in my life, I have a daughter. I would like to ask you, what difference would it make if you become the first female president, and what laws would you enact to make sure abortion is regularized? That's the term she used.

Kamala Harris: Yeah. Thank you. So, we are in a situation right now where there are at least 20 states that have Trump abortion bans, because when Donald Trump was president of the United States, he hand-selected three members of the United States Supreme Court with the intention that they would undo the protections of Roe v.

Kamala Harris: Wade. They did as he intended, and now in these states, we see bans that criminalize doctors and nurses -- in Texas, up to prison and life for a doctor or nurse; laws that make no exception for rape or incest, which means you're telling a survivor of a crime of a violation to their body that they have no right to make a decision about what happens to their body next, which is immoral.

Kamala Harris: And what I know is, I think most people believe that we should agree you don't have to abandon your faith or deeply held beliefs to agree the government should not be telling her what to do with her body. If she chooses, she will talk with her priest, her pastor, her rabbi, her imam, but not the government telling people what to do with their own body.

Kamala Harris: And I feel very strongly about this. Our daughter is going to have fewer rights than my mother-in-law in this year of our Lord 2024. And when we talk about what makes for what is right and what is wrong, I think we agree that there are certain decisions, especially over heart and home, that the government should just not be making for us, that we can make them for ourselves.

Kamala Harris: And so, I feel very strongly about this. And I'll tell you, there are probably many people here and watching who rightly have made a decision that they do not believe in abortion. The point that I am making is not about changing their mind about what's right for them or their family, it's simply saying the government shouldn't be making this decision.

Kamala Harris: And the other point I would make is this: What I'm learning as I travel the country on this issue is that people are realizing they may -- some who feel firmly about abortion -- that they are against it -- didn't realize that what's happening because of these laws and what Donald Trump did includes that people who are trying to get in vitro fertilization treatment, IVF, are finding it more difficult or being denied.

Kamala Harris: What people aren't realizing is because of these laws, women are having miscarriages in parking lots. Women are being -- I know I've met women who wanted to have a baby. They, with their husband, go then, out of an emergency because they're having a miscarriage, to a hospital and denied care because the doctors there are concerned they may be put in jail.

Kamala Harris: I've met a couple of them who developed sepsis because they were denied care because of these laws. So, as president of the United States -- and if I'm elected as the first woman president of the United States, I will proudly sign back into law the protections of Roe v. Wade, which basically just says it's the person's decision, not the government's decision. That, in essence, is what's behind my position.

Enrique Acevedo: Gracias, Cristian.

Cristian Galvan: Thank you.

Interpreter: Thank you, Cristian.

Enrique Acevedo: Thank you so much. Our last question, Teresa, please go ahead. Teresa.

Teresa Djedjro: [Untranslated]

Interpreter: Madam Vice President, good evening. Thank you so much for being here with us tonight. Politics aside, I would like to ask you something personal.

Enrique Acevedo: I would like to ask for something more personal, putting politics aside.

Kamala Harris: Sure?

Teresa Djedjro: [Untranslated]

Interpreter: [Translated] I'd like to know how you value people you don't agree with.

Enrique Acevedo: How do you value people who you don't agree with?

Teresa Djedjro: [Untranslated]

Interpreter: [Translated] And I do. imagine that in Washington you find plenty of them.

Enrique Acevedo: I think in Washington there are many.

Teresa Djedjro: [Untranslated]

Interpreter: [Translated] And my question has for you is as follows. Could you please give me three virtues that ex-President Donald Trump has?

Enrique Acevedo: Could you mention three virtues of President Donald Trump?

Kamala Harris: So, thank you for the question. Let me start with this. Based on a life experience, I know that the vast majority of us have so much more in common than what separates us. And part of what pains me is the approach that, frankly, Donald Trump and some others have taken, which is to suggest that it's us versus them, whoever that may be, and having Americans point fingers at each other, using language that's about belittling people and calling them names and meant to make them afraid and live in fear.

Kamala Harris: I don't think that's healthy for our nation, and I don't admire that. And, in fact, I'm quite critical of it coming from someone who wants to be president of the United States. I think Donald Trump loves his family, and I think that's very important. I think family is one of the most important things that we can prioritize.

Kamala Harris: But I don't really know him, to be honest with you. I only met him one time, on the debate stage. I'd never met him before, so I don't really have much more to offer you. But with the remaining time I have --

Enrique Acevedo: Yes, ma'am.

Kamala Harris: One of the things that occurred to me in terms of the previous question, I invite anyone who's interested in my policy perspective to go on to kamalaharris.com. It's my website, and you'll see I have 80 pages of my policies as it relates to the economy, health care, we talked about that, and so many other things.

Kamala Harris: And I invite anyone, if you're interested in more detail, please go there and see that. Thank you.

Enrique Acevedo: Thank you so much. Madam Vice President, thank you so much for this time, and thank you so much for having this historic conversation with undecided Latino voters.

Kamala Harris: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Enrique Acevedo: [Untranslated]

Interpreter: [Translated] Thank you all for being here, for your questions and your patients, for answering.

Kamala Harris: Thank you. Thank you, all.

Enrique Acevedo: [Untranslated]

Interpreter: [Translated] Next Thursday, we shall have -- excuse me, next week, Wednesday, October 16th, we shall have an encounter with the Republican candidate to the presidency, Donald Trump. This is all for the time being. I am Enrique Acevedo and on behalf of all the TelevisaUnivision team, I thank you very much for your attention and your trust in us. Thank you so much. Good night.

Kamala Harris: Thank you so much. Thank you again.