Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-interview-matt-smith-wisn-milwaukee-october-29-2024

Matt Smith: Madam Vice President, good to see you again.

Kamala Harris: How have you been?

Matt Smith: I'm well. How are you?

Kamala Harris: Good to see you, Matt.

Matt Smith: Thank you for giving us a couple of minutes.

Kamala Harris: Of course. Of course. Thank you.

Matt Smith: [Inaudible] Yes. Are you ready?

Kamala Harris: Yes.

Matt Smith: Given everything you're prepared to talk about this this evening, given where you are doing that -- I talked with Governor Walz yesterday.

Kamala Harris: Oh, good.

Matt Smith: He compared Trump's rally on Sunday to that of one of the Nazi rallies in the '30s at Madison Square Gardens. Do you compare that? Do you find that a similar comparison?

Kamala Harris: Listen, this election is in seven days, and I think the American people have a very clear choice. And on the one hand, you have Donald Trump who is constantly fanning the flames of division and hate, who is trying to have the American people point their fingers at each other, or my leadership, which is founded on a lived and an experience that the vast majority of us have more in common than what separates us and that we want to come together as a country.

Kamala Harris: We want leaders who know how to work across the aisle. And we certainly don't want leaders like Donald Trump who talk about the American people as being the enemies within.

Matt Smith: Will you explicitly call him a fascist tonight?

Kamala Harris: I think what's most important is recognizing that his approach is not in the best interest of America's prosperity or security. Take it not from me, from the people who know him best, his former chief of staff, a four-star Marine general who has talked about how Donald Trump is dangerous and unfit. His former two secretaries of defense, national security advisor, and vice president who have all referred to him as someone dangerous.

Kamala Harris: And they know him best. They are Republicans who served with him in the Oval Office, in the Situation Room. And most recently with John Kelly, again, a four-star Marine general. I think that that the American people, two weeks out when he -- when he let us know how he feels, should think of it as his 911 call to the American people to understand the seriousness of the decision that they are making as it relates to who would be the next commander in chief.

Matt Smith: Will you say that this evening -- that he's a fascist?

Kamala Harris: I have said what I have to say, which is he is dangerous and unfit and increasingly unstable and unhinged. And the American people deserve better.

Matt Smith: You're going to talk about turning the page as well looking ahead to the economy.

Kamala Harris: Yes.

Matt Smith: I'm curious when you look at Milwaukee, for example, and voters say, "Yes, I may agree with everything you say, but I can't afford my groceries. I can't afford my mortgage."

Kamala Harris: Yeah. Sure.

Matt Smith: And they may point to you in the past four years as the reason behind that. What do you tell those voters in this final week?

Kamala Harris: First of all, listen, price of groceries still too high. I get it, which is why I have a plan that is about bringing down the cost of groceries, including going after corporate price gouging, which, frankly, is about some corporations, not all of them, but the bad actors jacking up prices. My plan is about bringing down the cost of housing, whether it be what I will do, which is a $25,000 down payment assistance for first-time home buyers or what I'm going to do to work with the private sector to cut through the red tape, work with builders and developers to create more housing in America so we can increase supply and bring down the cost.

Kamala Harris: I'm also, on the issue of housing, going to go after those corporations that have been buying up housing in communities and then jacking up the rents because they -- they'd eliminate the competition. These are some of my areas of focus, including what we need to do to invest in American manufacturing done by American workers and investing in new industries that allow us to be globally competitive.

Matt Smith: I think what some voters are struggling with -- and we've heard this across the state -- is when you discuss your plans, they come back and ask, "Well, why haven't you done it already?"

Kamala Harris: Well, I'm not president.

Matt Smith: Your vice president -- with all due respect.

Kamala Harris: Yeah, exactly. But I'm going to tell you what I'm doing as president when I have the ability then to do what I know, based on my experience, is a new approach that is about building on the good work that has happened. But there's more to do. There's more to do. For example, my perspective that is a new perspective based on a personal experience, actually, of taking care of my mom when she was sick is what we need to do to have Medicare cover the cost of home health care for our seniors.

Kamala Harris: We haven't done that before. Maybe it's because of my personal experience, but it's also about my perspective about what can be new work that is done to deal with long-standing challenges, knowing no administration can fix everything, but there are things that are in front of us, challenges for which there are solutions.

Kamala Harris: And I'm committed to implement those solutions as president.

Matt Smith: Two quick questions coming off what you will be -- where you will be this evening. Is there any scenario where you will contest the results of the election?

Kamala Harris: I cannot imagine any scenario where I would ever try to upend or undo the will of the American people in a free and fair election. No. But listen, January 6th, Donald Trump sent an armed mob to the United States Capitol to undo the will of the American people in a free and fair election. He still does not admit he lost, which he did.

Kamala Harris: In that -- on that day when he sent that mob, over 140 uniformed law enforcement officers were injured. Some were killed. And, again, if you look at that day, for a lot of people who voted for Donald Trump before, that was a bridge too far. And that is why they're supporting me in this election. I am proud to have the support of Republicans who have long been a loyal member of the Republican Party who are saying it's a bridge too far.

Kamala Harris: They want a president who supports the Constitution of the United States, does not want to terminate it as does Donald Trump.

Matt Smith: And if you win the election and Donald Trump contests this, how are you preparing to respond?

Kamala Harris: Well, we have, certainly, a lot of resources that are dedicated to that possibility knowing he's done it before.

Matt Smith: Expand on that. What do you mean?

Kamala Harris: I mean, we got a lot of lawyers. That's what I mean.

Matt Smith: And lawsuits -- I mean, how could this play out?

Kamala Harris: Well, we'll see.

Matt Smith: When we look at Wisconsin and the three battlegrounds, Wisconsin, Michigan, Pennsylvania, how do you win in this final week?

Kamala Harris: By earning the vote of the people who have the most at stake, which is why I'm spending a lot of time in Milwaukee, spending a lot of time in the state of Wisconsin, spending a lot of time in many, many, many communities who have everything at stake and deserve to have their vote earned by someone who has a plan, which I do, for bringing down the cost of living, who has a plan for investing in the future of America and having a plan to do that with a sense of optimism, knowing what we are capable of, instead of constantly demeaning the American people as does Donald Trump.

Matt Smith: Madam Vice President, thank you.

Kamala Harris: I appreciate you. Thank you. Good to be with you.