Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-interview-karen-clark-wfxc-raleigh-north-carolina-november-5-2024

Kamala Harris: Good morning.

Karen Clark: Good morning, Madam Vice President. It's great to speak with you again. How are you doing today?

Kamala Harris: I am very well. How are you doing?

Karen Clark: I'm doing fabulously -- you know, a little -- a little anxious like, I feel, a lot of people are, but --

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Karen Clark: I think that you can let our Foxy listeners know exactly how important North Carolina voters are in this election. I mean, both campaigns have been very active in North Carolina just in this week. So, people need to know our North Carolina votes really, really count, right?

Kamala Harris: Let me just say, Karen, the path to the White House runs through North Carolina, and it's a tight race. We are tied. Every vote matters, and so, I am working hard all day long continuously to get out the vote, to remind people the polls are open until 7:30 this evening. You can go to iwillvote.com to be sure about where you can vote.

Kamala Harris: But listen, this is about turning the page and bringing in a new generation of leadership for America that is about getting things done, finding common-sense solutions, bringing folks together knowing we have so much more in common than what separates us. And there are two choices in this race. And it's about the direction of our country, whether we want to go backward or forward; whether we want to have somebody walk into the Oval Office with his enemies list and his grievances and it being all about him or me going into the Oval Office with my to-do list.

Kamala Harris: That's about working on behalf of the American people to bring down the cost of living, the cost of groceries, making more affordable housing and home -- and homeownership opportunities, including a $25,000 down payment assistance for first-time homebuyers, what I will do to expand the tax credit for children so that families and young families can have a $6,000 tax credit to be able to help pay for child care and -- and the needs of their children.

Kamala Harris: My plan includes investing in our small businesses. I love our small businesses. North Carolina has so many beautiful small businesses who need support. And look, small businesses are the backbone of America's economy. I know that, which is why my plan includes tax cuts for small businesses, but also for -- for young entrepreneurs, for people who want to start a business, a $20,000 nonrefundable loan to help people buy the equipment or set up the website to start their small business.

Kamala Harris: So, I have plans that are on my to-do list that are about lifting up the American people. And I think that America wants a new generation of leadership that wants to turn the page and chart a new way forward for our country.

Karen Clark: Now, Madam Vice President, I think that we do need to acknowledge there are some people who are still on the fence. They have said, "I won't make up my mind until I'm in the car on my way to the polling site." Is there anything that you can say to these people that will influence their decision?

Kamala Harris: I -- certainly. And I think that, first of all, I -- I thank people for -- for knowing the power of their vote and really thinking it through. I think that is good for all of us. And I would ask you to just look at the plan and understand that if you want a president who walks into the Oval Office ready to make progress and actually get things done and to find common-sense solutions, to find common ground, to work on issues that are about strengthening you, your family, and our economy, you have a clear choice.

Kamala Harris: And that is the power of each individual to make that decision. This is about our future. I feel so optimistic about who we are as Americans, but we do have challenges. And we need to have a president who wants to be a president for all Americans and bring us together knowing the vast majority of us have so much more in common than what separates us.

Kamala Harris: And, frankly, I think people are exhausted with this --

Karen Clark: Yes.

Kamala Harris: Spirit and this approach that's been about trying to divide people and have them turn and point fingers at each other. I think people are done with that. They want a fresh start that's about, again, optimism but hard work -- being prepared to do the hard work on behalf of the people. And I'm prepared to do that.

Kamala Harris: I have spent my entire career fighting for the people. I've only ever had one client: the people. And that is the kind of work I will do going forward if I am graced with the votes of the folks who are listening to this conversation.

Karen Clark: Well, I know that today is -- is kind of a big day for you. You're probably a little bit busy, so I appreciate you taking the time out to chat with us.

Kamala Harris: Thank you. I thank you for the time.

Karen Clark: We appreciate you so much. More than 4 million North Carolinians already voted in early voting. We are encouraging the rest of those to get out and vote today. And as the madam vice president mentioned, polls are open until 7:30. If you are in line when the polls close, you can still vote. I do have one quick question though.

Kamala Harris: Yes.

Karen Clark: Are they texting you, too? Have you been able to get away from the text messages?

Kamala Harris: You know what, here's how I think about it. It's good to just reach out to each other and be reminded that your vote matters and your vote is your power.

Karen Clark: Yes.

Kamala Harris: And, you know -- and it's a good thing. And don't ever let anyone silence you or take your power from you. You have the ability to really weigh in on the future and the direction of our country. And I'm so thankful to everybody for taking this seriously and taking the time to weigh in. We will be stronger for it.

Karen Clark: Thank you, Madam Vice President. And we will -- we will be watching all night. I'm sure you will, too. And --

Kamala Harris: Yes.

Karen Clark: Everybody, Foxy listeners, this is your opportunity to let your voice be heard. Please get out and vote today. Thank you so much. I'm going to let you go. I know you got stuff to do.

Kamala Harris: I appreciate you. Thank you for the time. Have a good day.

Karen Clark: You too. Bye-bye.

Kamala Harris: Bye-bye.