Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-interview-dede-mcguire-radio-dede-in-the-morning-october-28-2024

DeDe McGuire: In a wheelchair.

Unidentified: Not in a wheelchair.

DeDe McGuire: Because I have no other chair. Pulled up in this wheelchair and sat there and did the interview with Kamala Harris. I want you all to take a listen to this. [Begin audiotape]

Unidentified: Yes, sir. This is the White House operator. You're now connected to the vice president.

Kamala Harris: Ms. DeDe, it's Kamala Harris. How are you?

DeDe McGuire: OMG. Hey, everybody. Good morning. It's "Dede in the Morning." And there she is, Vice President Kamala Harris, on with us. Well, good morning, Vice President.

Kamala Harris: Good morning. Good morning.

DeDe McGuire: First of all, before we get done -- get with this interview, I've got to ask you one question before I get into some things because I saw your to-do list. But why do you want to be president of the United States?

Kamala Harris: You know, let me tell you, I love our country, and I believe in the promise of America, and I will work every day for all Americans to lift up opportunities and to make sure that we realize the promise in every way that is about strengthening American families, lowering the cost of living, and -- and bringing our country together.

Kamala Harris: Because frankly, you know, I think people are ready to turn the page on this last decade that has been influenced by Donald Trump that has got folks and Americans pointing their fingers at each other. People are ready to come together, knowing we all have so much more in common than what separates us.

Kamala Harris: And I'm running for president to be able to accomplish all of that and move us toward a future where we continue to be driven by optimism, hope, and our faith in what we are capable of.

DeDe McGuire: I love that. The reason why I had to ask that is because I'm sure, you know, during this -- during this campaign, I mean, I'm sure you're looking at the news articles and everything else that is going on, and everybody has something they want. Everybody's looking for something. One of the main things that our audience is looking at is they're trying to figure out what's at stake for Black America and what -- what is going to happen in this upcoming election, right? So, what is at stake for Black America?

Kamala Harris: Everything because, listen, when you think about America's future, it affects us all; and when you think about looking at the future in terms of addressing long-standing disparities, we want and deserve to have a president who takes those into account in a way that we make sure that all people rise. But the other point, DeDe, that I would make is, listen, I -- I think we have to remember who Donald Trump is on this point and who he has been as it relates to Black America, to the point of your question.

Kamala Harris: Donald Trump is someone who, as a landlord, refused to rent to Black families. Donald Trump is someone who took out a full-page ad in the New York Times, calling for the execution of Black youth, Black and Latino youth who were innocent, the Central Park Five.

DeDe McGuire: Right.

Kamala Harris: Donald Trump is somebody who said that -- that the first Black president of the United States, Barack Obama, was not born in the United States. He had a birtherism lie. And then you look most recently and even what he did about -- around a collection of Black legal immigrants in Ohio and -- and fell into an old trope about Black people, in general, but suggesting they were eating their pets.

Kamala Harris: And so, to anybody listening, if you think you are in Donald Trump's club, if you think he's sitting back and concerning himself with how you and your grandparents and your grandfather and grandmother and your auntie and uncle and your cousins are doing, I'm telling you, that's not his first priority.

DeDe McGuire: Right.

Kamala Harris: If you want to think about what you have in this choice in this election, I spend full time thinking about -- and half of my career --- how I can uplift people and bring opportunity and real growth, which is why, for years, I've been focused on an issue like increasing access to capital for our small businesses, knowing that our small businesses are part of the -- the cultural fabric of our neighborhoods and our communities and the economic backbone.

Kamala Harris: So, I have made a particular focus on increasing access to capital for small businesses, including minority-owned small businesses. I know that Black families are 40 percent less likely to be homeowners, which is why part of my policy will benefit everyone but is aware of what we need to do to give people the opportunity for homeownership, which is the opportunity to build intergenerational wealth.

Kamala Harris: So, my plan includes a $25,000 down payment assistance for first-time homebuyers to help them get their foot in the door for homeownership. My policy includes what we need to do to uplift our families. And I'm going to increase the -- the child tax credit to $6,000, knowing that that's what's going to help our young parents who have a natural desire to parent their children but not always the resources, and it will help them pay for child care, buy a crib or a car seat.

Kamala Harris: And remember, DeDe, when we last did the child tax credit, we reduced Black child poverty by half. So, these are the things --

DeDe McGuire: Yup.

Kamala Harris: That I intend to do, with a focus on what we -- what we can do that has been proven to work to uplift. [End audiotape]

DeDe McGuire: OK. OK. And we got a break. We got to take a break now, OK? But you guys are enjoying my one-on-one with Kamala Harris.

Unidentified: I love it.

DeDe McGuire: Again, I am at an airport, posted up doing this interview --

Unidentified: [Inaudible]

DeDe McGuire: In front of all these people. What?

Unidentified: Look, this interview is so short, you [Inaudible]

DeDe McGuire: DeDe in the Morning. There is J-Kruz, also Tre-G, and comedian JJ Williamson. All right. So, I told you I got a chance to talk to Vice President Kamala Harris, running for president of the United States. I will tell you that it's -- it was interesting to talk to her. You have to go through a lot of different people and this and that, right? But here's the thing.

DeDe McGuire: Again, I'm interviewing this woman, you guys, at the airport. I'm at -- I'm literally about to catch a flight.

Unidentified: Oh, God.

DeDe McGuire: And I'm doing this, and it's just -- I got to post the videos and the pictures because my husband was taking pictures of me. He was like the hardest working woman in radio.

Unidentified: I was just about -- I was just about to say talking about making it happen.

DeDe McGuire: But can I tell you what, most people didn't know.

Unidentified: Right.

DeDe McGuire: We did an interview last month with President Joe Biden, and I had just gotten off a flight, went, and got one of those one-minute places in the -- in the airport where you can sleep.

Unidentified: Yeah. Right.

DeDe McGuire: I went and did that and did the interview with him there. I was -- yeah, most people didn't know that either. Like, I'm stopping wherever I am to do these interviews.

Unidentified: To have these interviews. Go get it. You got to get it.

DeDe McGuire: Anyway, take a listen, more with Kamala Harris. Here it is. [Begin audiotape] OK. So, let me just say this, I noticed that you came out with a to-do list. You know, he had an enemies list or a hit list. You had a to-do list. And one of the things you said, you were going to restore reproductive freedoms, and you also said you were also going to strengthen the border, and that's something he's been going at to for a while.

DeDe McGuire: How are you going to strengthen our border because that seems to be a big point of contention during this election?

Kamala Harris: Well, first of all, I am the only person in this race who has personally prosecuted transnational criminal organizations. I have prosecuted Mexican cartels. I have prosecuted people who have been trafficking guns, drugs, and human beings across our border. So, I will put my record up to anybody any day of the week in terms of my commitment to making sure we have a secure and strong border.

Kamala Harris: I am also committed to what we need to do to put resources down at the border, which is why I supported a bipartisan border security bill, one of the toughest in a long time. And Donald Trump tried to kill it because he does not want the problem to be fixed because he preferred to run on a problem, instead of fixing a problem.

Kamala Harris: He preferred to put tens of millions of dollars in attack ads against me on a problem that I have been prepared to fix for quite some time but he got in the way of because the man has no solutions to problems. He talks consistently about America as though we are small and as though we are broken. He clearly does not believe in the strength of who we are as America, and it's a big difference between he and I, and it's going to be a big difference when we think about who is going to be sitting in the Oval Office on January 20th.

Kamala Harris: Do you want a president of the United States who's sitting there in the Oval Office -- just imagine it. We've all seen what it looks like. Do you want Donald Trump sitting in there on January 20th, stewing over his enemies list, or the choice is me, sitting in there, checking off my to-do list?

DeDe McGuire: And by the way, the other thing I'm just going to say is this. I will say you are handling yourself really well. I can only imagine what it's like. I'm -- I'm looking at the double standards. I wonder if do you feel that, the double standards, in terms of how they are covering your campaign and versus Donald Trump? Do you see the -- the difference?

Kamala Harris: Well, listen, DeDe, you -- you know this. I -- I have been the first in almost every position I've had. In fact, the only time I was not the first was when I was the second Black woman elected to the United States Senate -- excuse me. Only the second in the history of the United States Senate elected to the United States Senate.

Kamala Harris: And so, it is not unusual for me to have an experience of charting new ground. And I will tell you, though, that I am so honored and I feel blessed to have the support of so many men and women around our country from every different walk of life. Last night, I was in Atlanta. We had 23,000 people. And on the stage to support me were Tyler Perry --

DeDe McGuire: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: Spike Lee, Sam Jackson, and Barack Obama. So, I will tell you that there is a whole lot of support for our movement, and we are going to win. So, I just need everybody to vote.

DeDe McGuire: Well, good.

Kamala Harris: And to all your listeners, I would be so honored to have your vote. And please do go out and vote and vote early.

DeDe McGuire: We sure are. Thank you so much. Vice President Kamala Harris, soon-to-be the first elected female president of the United States of America. Thank you so much for joining "DeDe in the Morning." We appreciate you. Thank you.

Kamala Harris: Thank you, DeDe. Take care. [End audiotape]

DeDe McGuire: All right. There it is. There is your -- your full --