Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-interview-jazlyn-guerra-youtube-july-9-2024

Jazlyn Guerra: What's going on guys? It's Jazzy, and today I am here with the vice president of the United States of America. How are you doing today?

Kamala Harris: I am very well, Jazzy. It's good to be with you today.

Jazlyn Guerra: Well, it's an honor to be here with you. And again, thank you so much for giving me this honor to interview you and meet you. And thank you for taking time out of your very busy schedule of being the vice president of the United States of America. I mean, this seems like a hard job.

Kamala Harris: Well, you know, we got our days, yes.

Jazlyn Guerra: Well, again, thank you so much for that. Well, in 2021, you became the first female vice president of the United States of America.

Kamala Harris: Yes.

Jazlyn Guerra: So, what advice can you offer young girls that have dreams of obtaining leadership roles, especially in the face of gender discrimination?

Kamala Harris: Well, first of all, I will tell you I eat no for breakfast. I don't hear no. I don't hear it can't be done. I don't hear, "Oh, nobody like you has ever done it before." And I don't want you to hear any of that. I don't want you to ever hear someone say, "Oh, you're too young." I don't ever want you to hear, "Oh, that's going to be too much work." Right?

Jazlyn Guerra: Right.

Kamala Harris: I eat no for breakfast. If you can see it and you can imagine it, you can do it even if nobody has seen it before. But the point is you never let it be your burden to be influenced by other people's limited ability to see who you are.

Jazlyn Guerra: Thank you. And you have paved the way for so many young girls after becoming the first female vice president of the United States of America, which is a huge accomplishment on its own. Just pointing that out. And --

Kamala Harris: Thank you.

Jazlyn Guerra: You're welcome. And equality and being able to represent for the ladies, too, is very important. And I love the way that you have been able to do that.

Kamala Harris: Thank you. I appreciate that, Jazzy. Thank you.

Jazlyn Guerra: No problem.

Kamala Harris: Thank you.

Jazlyn Guerra: Well, Mrs. VP Harris, what are your three go-to items that you carry at all times?

Kamala Harris: I always have my blue pen. I often will carry at least a bag of pistachios because, you know, sometimes, I'm going so quick. I don't know when my next meal might be coming. And then I always have my binders, which are just all my briefing documents. So, yeah. What about you? What do you carry all the time?

Jazlyn Guerra: Well, I always carry my lip gloss, a travel-size perfume because you never know what could happen. And also, I like to smell good.

Kamala Harris: That's better than smelling bad.

Jazlyn Guerra: True. So, yeah, I have that. And then sometimes, if I have enough time before I leave, I'll take like a piece of candy or something else.

Kamala Harris: Yeah, right?

Jazlyn Guerra: Oh, I always keep tissue, too, because you never know.

Kamala Harris: Oh, I do, too. I keep tissue. Yeah.

Jazlyn Guerra: You never know when you have to blow your nose.

Kamala Harris: That is true.

Jazlyn Guerra: Yeah, you're right. And those are some amazing things to carry in your bag. I mean, a binder is also very important.

Kamala Harris: Yes, it is. It is. Well, you know, we wanted to stay up-to-date on the issues.

Jazlyn Guerra: Right. I always talk about the importance of self-care, and I know that as the vice president, you don't really have many time off to really do anything for yourself because, you know, you're helping run the country.

Kamala Harris: Yes.

Jazlyn Guerra: But when you do have time to yourself, what is your favorite thing to do?

Kamala Harris: Well, I work out every morning, even if it's only half an hour. But for me, that's a time to just kind of -- it's like mind, body and soul. So, I do that. One of the things that I do that I find most enjoyable and it just grounds me is to cook Sunday family dinner. So, whenever I can to make Sunday family dinner for my family, that gives me joy, and it grounds me. So, those are a couple of things.

Jazlyn Guerra: I love to hear that, especially cooking. I love cooking with my mom so -- yes, I --

Kamala Harris: Yeah? What do you cook?

Jazlyn Guerra: Well, we usually like to cook breakfast like pancakes, eggs, things like that. But --

Kamala Harris: That sounds good.

Jazlyn Guerra: That sounds very awesome that you're able to do that on Sundays, too. That's really fun.

Kamala Harris: I do try.

Jazlyn Guerra: And self-care is very important, especially after working so hard. You definitely deserve at least a little break for yourself. Because if you work too hard, then you'll end up burning yourself like, you know, just tiring yourself out from working so hard. So, it's important to take a little time off sometimes.

Kamala Harris: Thank you. I appreciate that.

Jazlyn Guerra: And also, you know, sometimes we have to hit the reset button. You never know.

Kamala Harris: That's true. My team, did you all hear that?

Jazlyn Guerra: Right, right. Remember, guys, hit the reset button sometimes. Well, thank you.

Kamala Harris: I just -- when you turn 18, let me know. Come work for me, OK?

Jazlyn Guerra: All right. I got you. I would love to. It would be an honor.

Kamala Harris: OK. OK. We got a few years, but we'll get it done.

Jazlyn Guerra: Thank you.

Jazlyn Guerra: If you could have dinner with anyone in history, who would it be?

Kamala Harris: Oh, goodness. Lots of people. But you know who I've been talking about a lot recently, is the former Supreme Court justice, Thurgood Marshall. So, he was -- when he was a lawyer, he fought for the right for all children to be educated together and not separately. And when he was on the Supreme Court, he fought for equality and justice.

Kamala Harris: And what I always loved about him, I never met him, is that he understood how you could take the passion from the streets to the courtrooms and make real the promise of freedom. So, if I could have dinner or break bread with somebody, that would be one of the people at the top of my list.

Jazlyn Guerra: Wow. Well, that sounds like a very inspirational person right there. And I actually -- I read a little tiny paragraph about him in school, and it was very inspirational.

Kamala Harris: Right?

Jazlyn Guerra: And the fact that he decided to actually fight and advocate for integration and making sure that all schools and all children have the same kind of opportunities is very important.

Kamala Harris: That's exactly right. And, you know, that kind of fight, we all have to stay focused on. We can't take it for granted.

Jazlyn Guerra: Yes. You are absolutely right.

Kamala Harris: Thank you.

Jazlyn Guerra: You're welcome. Well, who was one female that you look up to?

Kamala Harris: Well, one of the -- I mean, the first and the longest is my mother. My -- although, you know, as I got older, my mother was only 5 feet tall. So -- but I still looked up to her because, even though she was 5 feet tall, she was kind of like 10 feet tall in my mind, right?

Jazlyn Guerra: Right.

Kamala Harris: So -- but my mother definitely would be the first and foremost.

Jazlyn Guerra: Well, you looked up to her, but you didn't look up to her.

Kamala Harris: Right. Exactly.

Jazlyn Guerra: So, yeah. I get it. Don't worry. That's the same thing with my mom.

Kamala Harris: Yeah?

Jazlyn Guerra: Also, shout out to all the moms out there. You guys are amazing, and I love how -- I think there's all moms in general that have that kind of fire in them to just protect their children at all costs, but also making sure that they teach their children important lessons.

Kamala Harris: That's right.

Jazlyn Guerra: And I love talking to my mom because she's always able to make everything into a lesson.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Jazlyn Guerra: So, I love that she does that. And I think all moms do that, if anything.

Kamala Harris: Yes. That's what we do. We -- we see a moment and can understand that, OK, there's something good to learn from this. And then sometimes, the lesson is something to, you know, like -- like do differently. Right?

Jazlyn Guerra: Right, exactly. Well, many families are concerned about student loan debt, and some kids worry about how they'll be able to pay for the student loan debt in college.

Kamala Harris: Yes.

Jazlyn Guerra: So, what plans are you and President Biden developing to ensure that young people have access to education without overwhelming debt and financial burdens after graduating?

Kamala Harris: So, student loan debt is a pretty big issue affecting a lot of people. And so, what we have done is said that we want to forgive student loan debt for people who have been carrying that debt for a long period of time. We want to eliminate that debt for public servants like nurses and firefighters and teachers because God knows we don't pay them enough as it is, right?

Kamala Harris: And so, that's the work we've been doing. So far, we have forgiven over $60 billion in student loan debt for over 4 million people.

Jazlyn Guerra: Wow.

Kamala Harris: And I will tell you that we also have made the student loan debt forgiveness available to people who couldn't graduate. And you know why?

Jazlyn Guerra: Why?

Kamala Harris: Because think about it. Some people had to drop out because they just couldn't afford the tuition, but they still own -- they still owe the student loan, right, and have to pay that back. So, we want to make sure that we also give them relief.

Jazlyn Guerra: Yes. And those changes and that plan can definitely help brighten the future of our future stars.

Kamala Harris: That's right.

Jazlyn Guerra: And honestly, I would believe that it would be very hard and difficult if you have to pay a ton of student loan debt after graduating on you're own and you're working an entry-level job that -- that barely pays you. So, that would be very difficult for someone to pay all of their student loan debt. Also, I know that there's a -- there's a lot of people out there who -- they hesitate to reach to a higher education because they are afraid of, you know, the student loan debt and the cost to go to college.

Kamala Harris: That's right.

Jazlyn Guerra: So, that's something that I feel like no one should have to worry about.

Kamala Harris: I agree with you. We want to make sure that we encourage people to pursue their dreams, to pursue an education, to do what they want to do to better themselves. We want to create incentives for that, not disincentives for that.

Jazlyn Guerra: Yes. And nowadays, higher education is very important to get any job. So, we should be uplifting people and pushing them towards, "Hey, maybe you should go to college because you can get this degree to get the job that you want." But if there's a lot of student loan debt and, you know, like loans and everything that you have to pay in order to get into college, then a lot of people are going to hesitate to even go there.

Kamala Harris: Yeah, that's right. That is right.

Jazlyn Guerra: So, that's something that everyone has to think about.

Kamala Harris: You're right. And I think that you've raised a really wonderful point. Most jobs these days that can allow you to earn a salary that allows you to have a certain quality of life requires some kind of education after high school. And for some, it may not be college. It might be a trade school. It might be other things.

Kamala Harris: But we want to encourage people to do what they -- what they want to do to -- to take the -- take on the kind of jobs that they want.

Jazlyn Guerra: Yes, of course.

Kamala Harris: Yes.

Jazlyn Guerra: Well, what is the top song on your playlist right now?

Kamala Harris: Well, I am still playing Cowboy Carter.

Jazlyn Guerra: Oh, wow.

Kamala Harris: And I probably -- what's the latest? Tell me what's the latest?

Jazlyn Guerra: Well, I -- my playlist?

Kamala Harris: Yeah. Tell me. What are you listening to?

Jazlyn Guerra: Well, I mostly listen to like rap and R&B. So, it's a mix of both. I think right now, my playlist is either -- I'm trying to think of who's on my playlist right now. I think I either have --

Kamala Harris: Like who's young and hot who you love? Like who should I be thinking about? I need some -- you know, we count on -- we count on the young people to tell us like what's the latest dance and what's the latest music. What you got?

Unidentified: Vice president -- vice-president-appropriate songs, please.

Jazlyn Guerra: Well --

Kamala Harris: Appropriate songs for you.

Jazlyn Guerra: Well, usually, I just listen to Lil Baby and Cardi B and Saweetie.

Kamala Harris: Yeah. OK, good. All right.

Jazlyn Guerra: So, I listen to rap and R&B, too, like Ella Mai and Brent Faiyaz. So, Bryson Tiller, too. So --

Kamala Harris: OK. OK.

Jazlyn Guerra: Anyone that you really want to. But that's a good song, the Cowboy Carter song. That's a very good song.

Kamala Harris: That's a good one, right? Yeah.

Jazlyn Guerra: Yes, it's a very good song.

Kamala Harris: It's a good -- yeah. It's a whole -- she did a bunch of them. So, it's a whole album. OK. All right. You got to keep me posted on who's like the hot new music, OK?

Jazlyn Guerra: All right, I got you. I'll send you a list. Don't worry.

Kamala Harris: Because sometimes, that information doesn't come through the White House. You know what I'm saying?

Jazlyn Guerra: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: OK.

Jazlyn Guerra: All right. I got -- I'll send you a list. I'll send you a list.

Kamala Harris: OK. I'm serious.

Jazlyn Guerra: I got you. Well, can you please share some words of motivation to everyone watching my show?

Kamala Harris: So, just know that you have the right to be free to live a good life and to be you. And just be you. And you just dream with ambition. You lead with a sense of purpose and know that we are all applauding you on. You are with a community of people who care about you. You are never alone, and you just have to know that, even though sometimes it may feel that way. Okay.

Jazlyn Guerra: Well thank you so much, Madam Vice President. Well everyone, I'm here with the vice president of the United States of America, and until next time: Jazlyn out. Thank you so much!

Kamala Harris: Look at you! [Applause]