Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-interview-lisa-sylvester-wpxi-pittsburgh-october-29-2024

Lisa Sylvester: Pleasure to meet you. Lisa Sylvester, WPXI.

Kamala Harris: Good to meet you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. It's good to meet you.

Lisa Sylvester: Thank you for taking some time to meet with us today.

Kamala Harris: Of course.

Lisa Sylvester: So, we are here in Washington, D.C., and you will be delivering a speech. I've heard up to 50,000 people will be out there tonight. What is your closing message to independent voters tonight?

Kamala Harris: That the -- in our beautiful democracy, each person through their vote has the power to make a decision about the future of our country in this election. And right now, there's a very, very clear choice. And part of that choice is captured in the building that will be behind me when I give my speech, the White House.

Kamala Harris: And I ask people to visualize the Oval Office on January 20th because there are two choices in this election. And either it's going to be Donald Trump sitting in the Oval Office, stewing over his enemies list or me there working on behalf of the American people on my to-do list. And it's a very clear difference.

Kamala Harris: I have a plan that is about bringing down the cost of living for American families, whether it be groceries or the cost of housing. Mine is a plan that is about expanding access to health care versus what Donald Trump would do, which is get rid of the Affordable Care Act and get rid of Social Security and Medicare coverage for our seniors.

Kamala Harris: My plan is about investing in American businesses, investing in the future of our country, investing in the ambition, aspirations, and dreams of the American people. Donald Trump constantly talks down to the American people. He -- he devalues and -- and -- and degrades the character and nature of who we are as Americans.

Kamala Harris: And I think, frankly, the American people are exhausted with all that. They're tired of the division. They're tired of the fanning the flames of hate, and they want to turn the page.

Lisa Sylvester: You mentioned the economy specifically for Pennsylvania independent voters who are undecided, and there are a number of independent and undecided voters out there right now. One of the main concerns that we keep hearing back from voters is affordability. And it's --

Kamala Harris: Yeah. Yeah.

Lisa Sylvester: It's everything. It's from groceries, it's gas prices that are 30% higher than they were five years ago, prices on everyday items. And also, along with taxes, there's a real concern that under your administration -- that taxes will go up. So, how do you respond?

Kamala Harris: First of all, the folks out there know the price of groceries is too high. I know it's too high. I get it, which is why my plan includes going after, for example, corporate price gouging on groceries. I've done it before as attorney general, and I'll do it again. My plan is about bringing down the cost of housing, including working with the private sector, creating tax credits for builders and developers, so we can increase supply of housing and bring down the cost; but also giving folks a tax credit and assistance -- with $25,000 down payment assistance so people can get their foot in the door if they're first-time homebuyers.

Kamala Harris: I will not raise taxes on anyone making under $400,000 a year. And I have tax cuts for middle-class folks, whether it be $6,000 during the first year of your child's life to help people pay for child care or a car seat or a crib or tax breaks for middle-class Americans. Economists have calculated at least 100 million Americans will benefit from my middle-class tax cuts.

Kamala Harris: Donald Trump, on the other hand, his tax breaks are for the billionaires and the biggest corporations. That's what he did before. He'll do it again. I urge your viewers to look up Project 2025. Google it to see. The other thing you will know about the economy is the top economists, 23 Nobel Laureate Prize-winning economists, Goldman Sachs have judged our two plans for the economy and have judged mine to strengthen America's economy.

Kamala Harris: His will weaken America's economy, increase inflation, and invite a recession by the middle of next year. So, there's a huge difference between Donald Trump and me. Look, I come from the middle class, and I will never forget where I come from. My perspective is hardworking people deserve to be recognized for the dignity of their work, deserve to be able to retire with dignity, and through those various phases of life, be supported.

Kamala Harris: And for the middle class, that includes tax cuts, not for the richest Americans, but for working Americans.

Lisa Sylvester: In Pennsylvania, a top producer of natural gas, you talk about hardworking Americans --

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Lisa Sylvester: A number of those hardworking Americans work in the natural gas and fracking industry. So, how do you balance traditional energy jobs with the need for environmental responsibility and for looking for new transitioning to renewable energy?

Kamala Harris: So, I have seen and know that we can invest in a clean energy economy, and fracking can work in a way that is about increasing America's energy supply. When I was vice president -- during my time as vice president, I actually cast the tie-breaking vote that opened up new fracking leases. And I have seen how we can invest in clean energy industries and increase America's homegrown energy supply, which we must do.

Kamala Harris: We have got to decrease our dependence on foreign oil. And as I -- and during the time I've been vice president, we have actually increased and have one of the highest rates of domestic energy production that we've ever had. And I will continue to invest in domestic energy production, knowing that's the way that we're going to increase our ability to be secure and prosperous as a nation.

Lisa Sylvester: I have to follow up on this. Have your views evolved on the issue of fracking and banning fracking?

Kamala Harris: This was debated five years ago, four years ago, I've been very clear on fracking, which is that I would never ban fracking. I have not as vice president and, in fact, broke the tie-breaking vote, broke that around making sure that we would open up new fracking leases.

Lisa Sylvester: All right. Turning to another issue, security. A recent Franklin & Marshall poll of registered Pennsylvania voters said Donald Trump would better handle the job of being commander of chief of the military. Given that we are seeing a number of hotspots around the globe right now, including North Korean troops apparently assisting Russia, how will you handle these global crises?

Kamala Harris: Well, first of all, let's talk about Donald Trump. The people who know him best have told the American people he is unfit and dangerous to serve as commander in chief. His chief of staff, a four-star Marine general, has talked just most recently -- and you could look it up online in his own words -- about the threat Donald Trump faces -- or presents to America.

Kamala Harris: You look at his former two defense secretaries who have called him unfit. His former vice president, his former national security advisor, all who have told the American people Donald Trump is unfit to serve as commander in chief and is dangerous. I am proud to have the support of national security experts, people who have worked in America's military from both sides of the aisle, Democrats and Republicans, who have openly and publicly talked about the fact that they have confidence in my experience and my ability to ensure that America is secure, that we have the most lethal fighting force in the world.

Kamala Harris: And that is my commitment to the American people, understanding that is the highest responsibility of the president of the United States. And on top of that, just to be clear, I will never denigrate America's military. Donald Trump has referred to servicemen and women as -- as being -- as lacking courage, as being somehow less deserving -- as suckers and losers are the words that he has used to.

Kamala Harris: The point that military leaders, the former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, have referred to Donald Trump as being fascist to the core.

Lisa Sylvester: Madam Vice President, I just want to ask one final question. This is the same question I asked Donald Trump about a week and a half ago. If you are elected president, you will be the president of all Americans.

Kamala Harris: Yes.

Lisa Sylvester: That means liberals and conservatives. It means Democrats and Republicans. How do you bridge the gap between the two sides?

Kamala Harris: We have to bring America together. You know, I think this is part of why I have the support of so many Republicans, including Liz Cheney, who most recently I've traveled the country with. Her father, former Vice President Dick Cheney, is voting for me. Over 400 now members, who have worked with -- from President Reagan through both Presidents Bush and even Donald Trump, are supporting me, Republicans who understand it is important to put the Constitution of the United States above party.

Kamala Harris: I have a lived experience that lets me know -- and I believe the vast majority of Americans have so much more in common than what separates us. And we need a president of the United States who works on bringing our country together, understanding the collective dreams and ambitions and aspirations the American people have.

Kamala Harris: I think people are exhausted with this Trump era that has been about fanning the flames of hate and division. You know, most people, regardless of who they voted for in the last election, they want to know that they have a president who sees people for who they are and what they want for theirselves and their children.

Kamala Harris: You know, my -- most of my career was as a prosecutor. I have never, in my career as a prosecutor, asked a person, "Are you a Democrat or a Republican?" Never. The only thing I ever asked anyone was, "Are you OK?" And that's the kind of president America deserves, not someone who has an enemies list.

Kamala Harris: Because look, in this election in seven days, the American people are going to have a very clear choice. Either you're going to have someone sitting in the Oval Office, Donald Trump, stewing over his enemies list or me, working on behalf of the American people with my to-do list. There's a real difference here.

Kamala Harris: And I know regardless of the party with which people are registered, they want a president who actually is working on behalf of all Americans and understands the aspirations that we have to be strong, to be prosperous, for people to be able to not just get by, but get ahead. And that's the work I will do.

Lisa Sylvester: All right, thank you very much for your time.

Kamala Harris: Thank you. Thank you.

Lisa Sylvester: We're out of time. Thank you, Madam Vice President.

Kamala Harris: Thank you. Thank you. Appreciate you. Thank you, all. OK, thank you again.

Lisa Sylvester: Thank you. Pleased to meet you.

Kamala Harris: Thank you.