Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-interview-steve-harvey-syndicated-radio-october-30-2024

Kamala Harris: Thank you, Steve Harvey. It's good to be back with you. Thank you so very much.

Steve Harvey: You know something, this campaign is tough. I got to tell you, you're a tough lady. How's it going? You -- you look strong. Are you doing well out there? How are you feeling?

Kamala Harris: I'm feeling good. I have to tell you, I've been traveling our country, and I'm just -- you know, there are so many good folks, Steve -- you know this -- who care about the future of our country, who love our country, and who are determined to make sure that they get folks to the polls. I've been, you know, going to a lot of beautiful churches where the -- the pastors are leading souls to the polls.

Kamala Harris: I've been meeting with our young people who are first-time voters, who are coming out in incredible numbers because they know what's at stake for their future. But there's a whole lot of optimism out there. And I think it's because people understand, you know, there's a very big decision to be made, but a huge contrast between Donald Trump and myself.

Kamala Harris: And I think people want to turn the page on his era of divisiveness and fanning the flames of hate. They want a new way forward that's about optimism and, dare I say, joy. But also, I'm prepared to do the hard work that's about bringing down the cost of groceries, bringing down the cost of housing, and focusing on the needs of our small businesses and so much more.

Steve Harvey: You know, you -- you said something here, that people in this election, there's a choice between two different versions of the future. And I'm telling you, I -- I mean, you -- look, if you needed any more proof, that -- that rally the other night at Madison Square Garden should have gave you all the information you needed to know about the real differences here.

Steve Harvey: You and Governor Walz are fighting for a new way forward. You're talking about protecting reproductive freedoms for -- for women, for strengthening our democracy, and you want every person to have an opportunity to get ahead. But let's focus on this, that I've never seen done in my life, you came up with a real plan to help Black Americans.

Steve Harvey: Specifically, you started -- and -- no -- specifically, you targeted African American men. I've never seen that in a -- can you go over some of the points? I don't want to put you on the spot, but can you go over some of the points that you've made for Black Americans?

Kamala Harris: So, first of all, let me just tell you that I understand that -- listen, I'm going to be and I -- and I pledge to be a president for all Americans, but not all people have been affected by issues the same way. So, for example, in my agenda for Black men, it includes what we need to do around having a specific initiative that is about Black men's health because I know that we have higher rates of colon cancer and prostate cancer, and I want to make sure we're increasing education and screening for Black men, doing -- understanding that sickle cell affects Black men at a higher rate.

Kamala Harris: My approach is an agenda that also includes focusing on small businesses. You know, our small businesses range from the barbershop and a beauty salon to tech companies, to clean energy companies, to construction companies. And part of my focus is on making sure that our entrepreneurs, our small business owners have access to capital because, unlike Donald Trump, who was given $400 million on a silver platter and then filed for bankruptcy six times, not everybody has access to the capital, but they've got good ideas, they have a serious work ethic, and they have a product or an idea that actually benefits the community.

Kamala Harris: So, my work is about, one, making sure that we have $20,000 forgivable loans for startup companies to be able to pay for the website because, you know, you can't just rely on your cousin to set up your website, right? You need a good website that opens your product up to market. My -- the forgivable loans include if you want to start up a company where you need products or you need equipment and that's the reason why you can't be successful, that I want to eliminate that obstacle.

Kamala Harris: My plan is about knowing that Black families are 40 percent less likely to be homeowners. So, I'm going to make sure that we have $25,000 down payment assistance for first-time home buyers so they can just get their foot in the door and get on the path to living the dream of America, the American dream, which also is about being on the path to creating intergenerational wealth.

Kamala Harris: So, my agenda is -- has a lot of aspects to it that are everything from bringing down the cost of groceries, to bringing down the cost of housing, making homeownership within the grasp of the American people, but also focusing on specific issues that affect specific communities, with a target of making sure that we eliminate obstacles to success and to wealth building.

Steve Harvey: I mean, it -- it -- it has been an -- an amazing thing. As I've done my research, you know, and I really, really watched what you've been about and what you've done, I -- I became more and more impressed, so has a lot of people, because it really came to the forefront. You know, when a lot of people were talking about, "Wow, I misunderstood this about her," because, now, people have had a chance to do the research.

Steve Harvey: And when you talk about Black wealth is up 60 percent before the pandemic, when you -- when you -- when you forgave over 167 billion in student loans, you're fighting for more, we are going to show up at these polls in numbers that's going to startle them. And I want you to know that you have a lot of support that -- that people aren't talking about.

Steve Harvey: All right. Hold right there, Madam Vice President. We'll be right back with more of "The Steve Harvey Morning Show" right after this.

Unidentified: You're listening --

Steve Harvey: We're back with "The Steve Harvey Morning Show." Our special guest this morning is Vice President -- future president, Kamala Harris. And here's -- here's a big one that people overlook sometimes. Over $16 billion in investments in HBCUs, and you're fighting to lower the cost of HBCUs and double the value of Pell Grants.

Steve Harvey: This is stuff you don't hear a lot of people talking about, but you've been on these bills for years and you've been fighting for these types of progressive moves for all Americans, as you say. But a lot of this affects Black people specifically. And I just wanted to say, I -- I think that coming out at this time has just been really, really beneficial for your campaign.

Kamala Harris: Well, Steve, I have to tell you, I mean, a lot of my policies and priorities are based on personal experiences, right, whether it be the importance of homeownership and knowing how hard people work and save up trying to be able to buy a home for their family. And, you know, I saw my mother struggle to do that, and she finally did when I was a teenager.

Kamala Harris: Or what I'm going to do around making sure Medicare helps pay for home health care for our seniors, knowing that, you know, there is a part of all cultures and certainly ours that you take care of your elders, but we have a lot of folks who live in the sandwich generation who are taking care of their young kids and their parents and they need help.

Kamala Harris: My focus on HBCUs, a lot of it has to do with the fact that, as an HBCU -- a proud HBCU graduate, I know that our HBCUs are centers of academic excellence but don't always have the kind of resources that other colleges and universities have and they need that kind of support. So, you're right. I mean -- or even the work that I've done on Black maternal mortality, which affects not only women but the men who love them, their -- their husbands, their sons, their fathers.

Kamala Harris: So, these are areas of work for me, as you said, that have been long-standing. It's not just because I'm running for president. My whole focus on Black men and -- and opportunity around financial opportunity was long before I started running for president. It's a lifelong commitment.

Steve Harvey: You know, and also, especially in the battleground states, you've been doing these men huddle-up events across the battleground states.

Kamala Harris: Yes.

Steve Harvey: And this really shows a commitment to address specific needs of Black men.

Kamala Harris: That's right. Well, listen, I know how folks have been overlooked. And I -- I'm very proud of what we've done over the last four years to bring down Black unemployment to historic lows, but, you know, I also understand and know that it should be a baseline that everybody is working and has a job. What people also want is the opportunity to create wealth.

Kamala Harris: People want the opportunity to be able to go on vacation from time to time and buy their kids, you know, the kinds of Christmas gifts that they want.

Steve Harvey: OK. Hey, let's stop for just one second. We got to take a quick break, and we'll be right back with more of the president of the United States, which I'll be saying that next week, right after this.

Unidentified: You're listening --

Steve Harvey: We're back, and our special guest this morning, as you very well know, is the current vice president of the United States. We're going to continue our conversation here. We're going to pick up where we left off. You know, you -- you spoke about uplifting people, and -- and -- and that leads me to this right here.

Steve Harvey: Your opponent, Donald Trump, he's -- he's -- to -- I -- I've seen it, and I -- I've -- I've been on my radio show preaching it over and over and over. He has been a complete failure for Black America, and -- and he's running a racist campaign with a racist agenda that will give him unprecedented power to roll back all of our rights and freedoms.

Steve Harvey: It's going to hurt the middle class. It's going to threaten our democracy. And the Trump-Vance Project 2025 agenda will be a complete disaster for Black America. What -- what do you say to that?

Kamala Harris: Well, you're right, and anybody listening should go and Google Project 2025. They will eliminate the Department of Education and Head Start. They will make it more difficult for workers to get overtime pay. And that's on top of what he will do to get rid of Medicare, get rid of the ability of Medicare to negotiate drug prices against the big pharmaceutical companies, get rid of -- look at Project 2025.

Kamala Harris: It will get rid of the $35-a-month cap on insulin for our seniors. Black folks are 60 percent more likely to be diagnosed with diabetes. So, to your point, Steve, it is a -- this is an election of consequence, and on the one side, you've got Donald Trump whose policies are not about lifting up hardworking people.

Kamala Harris: You've got Donald Trump who, way back from the beginning of his career when he was a landlord, refused to rent to Black families; who took out a full-page ad in the New York Times, calling for the execution of five young Black and Latino children who were innocent, the Central Park Five; somebody who called the first Black president of the United States -- called him out and -- and claimed he was not born in the United States, birtherism; and then, most recently, as it relates to legal Black immigrants in Ohio, said they were eating their pets.

Kamala Harris: This is who he is, and I think folks know. When you look at his character, you got to understand, you know, it's one thing for him to have his name on a building in Vegas, it's a whole other thing to think about him having the power of the presidency to either lift people up or push people down and tear people down.

Kamala Harris: And this is the choice that people have. And -- and, Steve, I would -- I would press this point, also. I would ask your listeners to just know that, you know, if you are a hardworking person, if you have aspirations and goals but you didn't inherit what you got, you got to know, you're not really in Donald Trump's club, right? He's not -- he's not -- he's not going to sleep at night thinking about how he's going to take care of your grandmother or grandfather.

Kamala Harris: He's looking out for people like him. When he was president, he pushed and -- and accomplished tax cuts for billionaires and big corporations. And as president again, if he were elected, which he will not be, he would do the same. So, I asked people to look at who do you believe is actually going to be there fighting for you.

Kamala Harris: And I think, based on character and performance, the choice is clear.

Steve Harvey: Yeah. For us, you know, the choice is crystal clear. I -- I've been just pounding it daily, daily on the radio show. When you hear slogans like, you know, Blacks for Trump -- I've been asking people. I can't get a person to call in to show me how Trump is for Blacks. I mean, I'm -- I'm -- you -- you can create any slogan you want to, but let's back it up with something.

Steve Harvey: I just -- the facts are all in the -- the -- the rally at Madison Square Garden, man. I was just sitting there, man, just going this. I -- I watched the whole collage of statements. This is one of the worst campaigns I've seen, and you are holding up incredibly strong. You're in the last few days of this campaign. This is --

Kamala Harris: Yup. The last week. It's November 5th. Tuesday, November 5th.

Steve Harvey: What's this looking like for you, Madam Vice President?

Kamala Harris: I intend to win, Steve Harvey, and it's going to be because people don't let themselves be silenced and they will get out and vote. And, you know, we know our voice is our vote and our vote is our power.

Steve Harvey: Hold on one second. We'll be right back, everybody, with more "Steve Harvey Morning Show" right after this.

Unidentified: You're listening to "The Steve Harvey Morning Show."

Steve Harvey: All right, everybody. We're back, and our special guest this morning is Vice President Kamala Harris, soon to be president of the United States. Let's continue the conversation. Madam Vice President, I got to tell you something. It -- it has been a pleasure to represent you and to stand up for you and to be able to stand up for you based on so many facts.

Steve Harvey: I mean, just the quality of person you are. The decision is really clear, I mean, for a lot of us.

Kamala Harris: I -- what I am seeing as I travel the country is that people refuse to be silenced and they're not going to fall for the okey doke. People know the difference between fact and fiction and who's going to actually be fighting for them. And look, I am not perfect, I am -- will make mistakes, but I will work around the clock on behalf of the people who deserve to be seen and heard and uplifted.

Kamala Harris: That is the work I have done in my career. That is the work I will continue to do. I have only had one client in my life, the people, and that's who I fight for. And so, my agenda really is about an opportunity economy that's about helping to lift people up, but again also recognizing the disparities that have existed, and we talked, as an example, about homeownership as one point of reference.

Steve Harvey: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: So, you know -- or, for example, my work on increasing access to capital for small businesses is also based on an understanding and knowledge that only 1 percent of venture capitalists' investment go to Black-owned businesses, right? So --

Steve Harvey: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: We have to recognize where the disparities exist and see how we can create public policy in a way that takes those into account.

Steve Harvey: Well -- and -- and I think there's going to be a surprise next week because they haven't counted on really -- you know, they never really polled us, anyway. But they haven't counted on really how bright of a people we are and how --

Kamala Harris: Right.

Steve Harvey: And -- and how shrewd we can be.

Kamala Harris: Right.

Steve Harvey: And we proved it in the last election, but we are going to show up at these polls in numbers that's going to startle them. And I want you to know that you have a lot of support that -- that people aren't talking about, but you got some people back here that's -- that's -- that's stomping strong for you on these yards around here.

Steve Harvey: And I also want you to know this, too. We know it's been tough for you, and spiritual people have been praying for you because they --

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Steve Harvey: They know what you're up against. So, I just wanted to give you that vote of encouragement and tell you to keep -- keep up the good fight. You're a wonderful candidate. I -- I couldn't be prouder. And you -- you know -- you -- look -- look, the way you handled him in the first debate -- this is why there have been no more debates, because that -- that was a cleanup job.

Kamala Harris: Not -- not getting another debate. I've been trying. He won't -- he won't debate me again.

Steve Harvey: Oh, no, they're not going to do that. You -- you -- you exposed too much because the low-IQ statement, to even say that, that right there is crazy to me because I was looking at it on TV. So, congratulations, Madam Vice President.

Kamala Harris: Thank you, Steve Harvey. And thank you for the time and thank you for your voice and your leadership always and the friendship. Thank you.

Steve Harvey: Hey, we're going to get you through it, all right?

Kamala Harris: All right. I'll see you on the other side.

Steve Harvey: Take care of yourself. All right. For sure.

Kamala Harris: You, too. Thank you.