Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-interview-bill-whitaker-60-minutes-october-7-2024

Bill Whitaker: The events of the past few weeks have pushed us to the brink, if -- if not into an all-out regional war in the Middle East. What can the US do at this point to stop this from spinning out of control?

Kamala Harris: Well, let's start with October 7, 1,200 people were massacred; 250 hostages were taken, including Americans; women were brutally raped. And as I said then, I maintain, Israel has a right to defend itself -- we would -- and how it does so matters. Far too many innocent Palestinians have been killed. This war has to end.

Bill Whitaker: We supply Israel with billions of dollars in military aid. And yet, Prime Minister Netanyahu seems to be charting his own course. The Biden-Harris administration has pressed him to agree to a cease-fire. He has resisted. You urged him not to go into Lebanon. He went in anyway. Does the US have no sway over Prime Minister Netanyahu?

Kamala Harris: The work that we do diplomatically with the leadership of Israel is an ongoing pursuit around making clear our principles.

Bill Whitaker: But it seems that Prime Minister Netanyahu is not listening.

Kamala Harris: We are not going to stop pursuing what is necessary for the United States to be clear about where we stand on the need for this war to end.

Bill Whitaker: Do we have a real close ally in Prime Minister Netanyahu?

Kamala Harris: I think, with all due respect, the better question is do we have an important alliance between the American people and the Israeli people? And the answer to that question is yes. And -- [Begin audiotape]

Bill Whitaker: While the war in the Middle East has dominated recent headlines, it's the economy that most concerns American voters this election year, as always. [End audiotape] There are lots of signs that the American economy is doing very well, better than most countries, I think, but the American people don't seem to be feeling it.

Bill Whitaker: Groceries are 25 percent higher, and people are blaming you and Joe Biden for that. Are they wrong?

Kamala Harris: We now have historic low unemployment in America among all groups of people. We now have an economy that is thriving by all macroeconomic measures. And to your point, prices are still too high, and I know that, and we need to deal with it, which is why part of my plan -- you mentioned groceries, part of my plan is what we must do to bring down the price of groceries. I'm taking on -- [Begin audiotape]

Bill Whitaker: Harris says she'll press Congress to pass a federal ban on price gouging for food and groceries, but details are yet to be defined. [End audiotape] You want to expand the child tax credit.

Kamala Harris: Yes, I do.

Bill Whitaker: You want to give tax breaks to first-time homebuyers.

Kamala Harris: Yes.

Bill Whitaker: And people starting small businesses.

Kamala Harris: Correct.

Bill Whitaker: But it is estimated by the nonpartisan Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget that your economic plan would add $3 trillion to the federal deficit over the next decade. How are you going to pay for that?

Kamala Harris: OK. So, the other economists that have reviewed my plan versus my opponent and determined that my economic plan would strengthen America's economy, his would weaken it.

Bill Whitaker: But --

Kamala Harris: My plan -- Bill, if you don't mind, my plan is about saying that when you invest in small businesses, you invest in the middle class and you strengthen America's economy. Small businesses are part of the backbone of America's economy.

Bill Whitaker: But -- but pardon me, Madam Vice President, the question was how are you going to pay for it?

Kamala Harris: Well, one of the things I'm going to make sure that the richest among us who can afford it pay their fair share in taxes. It is not right that teachers and nurses and firefighters are paying a higher tax rate than billionaires and the biggest corporations.

Bill Whitaker: But -- but --

Kamala Harris: And I plan on making that fair.

Bill Whitaker: But we're dealing with the real world here.

Kamala Harris: But the real world includes --

Bill Whitaker: How are you going to get this through Congress?

Kamala Harris: Well, you know, when you talk quietly with a lot of folks in Congress, they know exactly what I'm talking about because their constituents know exactly what I'm talking about. Their constituents are those firefighters and teachers and nurses. Their constituents are middle-class hardworking folks.

Bill Whitaker: And Congress has shown no inclination to move in your direction.

Kamala Harris: I -- I disagree with you. There are plenty of leaders in Congress who understand and know that the Trump tax cuts blew up our federal deficit. None of us and certainly I cannot afford to be myopic in terms of how I think about strengthening America's economy. Let me tell you something. I am a devout public servant.

Kamala Harris: You know that. I am also a capitalist. And I know the limitations of government. [Begin videotape]

Bill Whitaker: Kamala Harris has been in government for decades. She was first elected San Francisco district attorney in 2003, then California attorney general. She went on to the US Senate; and now, vice president. [End videotape] A quarter of registered voters still say they don't know you, they don't know what makes you tick.

Bill Whitaker: And -- and why do you think that is? What's the disconnect?

Kamala Harris: It's an election, Bill, and I take it seriously that I have to earn everyone's vote. This is an election for president of the United States. No one should be able to take for granted that they can just declare themselves a candidate and automatically receive support. You have to earn it, and that's what I intend to do.

Bill Whitaker: Let me tell you what your critics and the columnists say.

Kamala Harris: OK.

Bill Whitaker: They say that the reason so many voters don't know you is that you have changed your position on so many things. You were against fracking. Now, you're for it. You supported looser immigration policies. Now, you're tightening them up. You were for Medicare for All. Now, you're not. So many that people don't truly know what you believe or what you stand for, and I know you've heard that.

Kamala Harris: In the last four years, I have been vice president of the United States, and I have been traveling our country and I have been listening to folks and seeking what is possible in terms of common ground. I believe in building consensus. We are a diverse people geographically, regionally, in terms of where we are in our backgrounds, and what the American people do want is that we have leaders who can build consensus, where we can figure out compromise and understand it's not a bad thing as long as you don't compromise your values to find commonsense solutions, and that has been my approach. [Begin videotape]

Bill Whitaker: But one issue that has proven impervious to compromise is immigration. Over the past four years, the Biden-Harris approach has been inconsistent, and Republicans are convinced, immigration is the vice president's Achilles' heel. [End videotape] You recently visited the southern border and embraced President Biden's recent crackdown on asylum seekers.

Bill Whitaker: And that crackdown produced an almost immediate and dramatic decrease in the number of border crossings. If that's the right answer now, why didn't your administration take those steps in 2021?

Kamala Harris: The first bill we proposed to Congress was to fix our broken immigration system, knowing that if you want to actually fix it, we need Congress to act. It was not taken up. Fast forward to a moment when a bipartisan group of members of the United States Senate, including one of the most conservative members of the United States Senate, got together, came up with a border security bill.

Kamala Harris: Well, guess what happened. Donald Trump got word that this bill was afoot and could be passed, and he wants to run on a problem instead of fixing a problem, so he told his buddies in Congress, "Kill the bill. Don't let it move forward."

Bill Whitaker: But I've been covering the border for -- for years, and so I know this is not a problem that started with your administration.

Kamala Harris: Correct. Correct.

Bill Whitaker: But there was an historic flood of undocumented immigrants coming across the border the first three years of your administration. As a matter of fact, arrivals quadrupled from the last year of President Trump. Was it a mistake to loosen the immigration policies as much as you did?

Kamala Harris: It's a long-standing problem, and solutions are at hand. And from day one, literally, we have been offering solutions.

Bill Whitaker: What I was asking was, was it a mistake to kind of allow that flood to happen in the first place?

Kamala Harris: I think the policies that we have been proposing are about fixing a problem, not promoting a problem, OK?

Bill Whitaker: But the numbers did quadruple in the year under your watch.

Kamala Harris: And the numbers today because of what we have done. We have cut the flow of illegal immigration by half.

Bill Whitaker: Should you have done that --

Kamala Harris: We have cut the flow of fentanyl --

Bill Whitaker: Should you have done that --

Kamala Harris: By half. But we need Congress to be able to act to actually fix the problem.

Bill Whitaker: You have accused Donald Trump of using racist tropes when it comes to Haitian immigrants in Springfield, Ohio, when it comes to birtherism, when it comes to Charlottesville. In fact, you have called him a racist and divisive. Yet, Donald Trump has the support of millions and millions of Americans. How do you explain that?

Kamala Harris: I'm glad you are pointing these comments out that he has made that have resulted in a response by most reasonable people to say it's just wrong. It's just wrong.

Bill Whitaker: There are so many people supporting Donald Trump, the man you have called a racist. How do you bridge that seemingly unbridgeable gap?

Kamala Harris: I believe that the people of America want a leader who's not trying to divide us and demean. I believe that the American people recognize that the true measure of the strength of a leader is not based on who you beat down, it's based on who you lift up. [Begin videotape]

Bill Whitaker: The Harris campaign has been hopscotching the country. And with less than a month to go, the pace is picking up. The vice president told us she has lost track of how many states she's visited.

Kamala Harris: How are you doing?

Bill Whitaker: I'm doing well.

Kamala Harris: You're well.

Bill Whitaker: We joined her on the trail late last week in the crucial swing state of Wisconsin, in the town of Ripon, the birthplace in 1854 of the Republican Party. And at a rally plastered with "Country Over Party" banners, Harris appeared with staunch conservative Liz Cheney. As vice chair of the House January 6th Committee, Cheney became one of Donald Trump's fiercest critics.

Liz Cheney: I have never voted for a Democrat. But this year, I am proudly casting my vote for Vice President Kamala Harris.

Bill Whitaker: That proclamation spurred a chant of approval from the crowd. [Audience chants "Thank you, Liz."] Four years ago, if someone had told you that you would be campaigning with Liz Cheney, what would you have said to them?

Unidentified: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: That'd be great.

Liz Cheney: That's really diplomatic.

Bill Whitaker: Would you ever have thought that you'd be campaigning with Kamala Harris?

Liz Cheney: I hope that if you had said to me four years ago our Constitution is going to be under threat and it's going to be crucial for the parties to come together and to support Vice President Harris because she'll defend the rule of law, I know I would have said, "That's exactly what I'll do."

Kamala Harris: I thank you, all.

Bill Whitaker: Whoever wins the presidency will take on a host of daunting challenges, especially beyond our borders. Back in Washington, Vice President Harris told us she's determined, the US must win the economic competition with China for the 21st century. And as for the war between Russia and Ukraine -- [End videotape] What does success look like in ending the war in Ukraine?

Kamala Harris: There will be no success in ending that war without Ukraine and the UN Charter participating in what that success looks like.

Bill Whitaker: Would you meet with President Vladimir Putin to negotiate a solution to the war in Ukraine?

Kamala Harris: Not bilaterally. Without Ukraine, no. Ukraine must have a say in the future of Ukraine.

Bill Whitaker: As president, would you support the effort to expand NATO to include Ukraine?

Kamala Harris: Those are all issues that we will deal with if and when it arrives at that point. Right now, we are supporting Ukraine's ability to defend itself against Russia's unprovoked aggression. Donald Trump, if he were president, Putin would be sitting in Kyiv right now. He talks about, oh, he can end it on day one. You know what that is? It's about surrender.

Bill Whitaker: A hard left turn here, but you recently surprised people when you said that you are a gun owner, and then if someone came into your house --

Kamala Harris: That was not the first time I've -- I've --

Bill Whitaker: They would get shot.

Kamala Harris: Talked about it. That's not the first time I've talked about it.

Bill Whitaker: So, what kind of gun do you own and when and why did you get it?

Kamala Harris: I have a GLOCK, and I've had it for quite some time. And I mean, look, Bill, my background is in law enforcement, and -- so there you go.

Bill Whitaker: Have you ever fired it?

Kamala Harris: Yes. Of course, I have, at a shooting range. Yes, of course, I have.

Bill Whitaker: You are sitting here with us, the Trump campaign canceled an interview that they had agreed to, to participate in this broadcast. What do you make of that?

Kamala Harris: If he is not going to give your viewers the ability to have a meaningful, thoughtful conversation, question and answer with you, then watch his rallies. You're going to hear conversations that are about himself and all of his personal grievances. And what you will not hear is anything about you, the listener.

Kamala Harris: You will not hear about how he's going to try to bring the country together, find common ground. And, Bill, that is why I believe in my soul and heart, the American people are ready to turn the page.

Bill Whitaker: Was democracy best served by President Biden stepping down and basically handing you a nomination? You didn't have to go through a primary process. You didn't have to fight off other contenders. That's not really the way our system was intended to work.

Kamala Harris: President Biden made a decision that I think history is going to show is rare among leaders, which was to put country before self. And I am proud to have earned the support of the vast majority of delegates and to have been elected the Democratic nominee. I am proud to have received the endorsement of leaders around this country from every background and walk of life to fight in this election over the next month for our democracy.

Bill Whitaker: But I think this truncated process is why people think or say they don't really know who you are.

Kamala Harris: Look, I've been in this race for 70 days. It is, without any question, a short period of time, which is why I'm traveling around our country from one state to the next to the next. It is my responsibility to earn the vote, and I'm going to work to do that.

Bill Whitaker: Three-quarters of the American voters or likely voters say that they are concerned about the possibility of election-related violence. And with two assassination attempts against former President Trump, the country seems near a boiling point. What can you do? What should you do to lower the temperature?

Kamala Harris: Well, first, let's start with those attempts, assassination attempts on the former president. I was deeply disturbed, shocked, and shaken, frankly. It is really important that all of us speak loudly, regardless of who we're voting for, to say our differences have to be settled at the ballot box and not through violence.

Kamala Harris: We cannot lose our soul in terms of who we are as Americans by resorting to violence to settle our differences, much less to make a decision about who's going to be the next president of the United States.

Bill Whitaker: Let's hit on some foreign policy. Which foreign country do you consider to be our greatest adversary?

Kamala Harris: I think there's an obvious one in mind, which is Iran. Iran has American blood on their hands, OK? This -- this attack on Israel, 200 ballistic missiles. What we need to do to ensure that Iran never achieves the ability to be a nuclear power, that is one of my highest priorities.

Bill Whitaker: So, if you have proof --

Kamala Harris: And that must be.

Bill Whitaker: That Iran is building a nuclear weapon, would you take military action?

Kamala Harris: I'm not going to talk about hypotheticals at this moment.

Bill Whitaker: What about China?

Kamala Harris: China, first of all, we must win the competition for the 21st century with China. We must be able to compete and win. We should not seek conflict, but we have to understand that there are parameters in which we must operate that include ensuring, for example, that we protect American business interests. What we --

Bill Whitaker: So, say, if China attacks Taiwan, would we use military force to -- to support Taiwan?

Kamala Harris: Bill, I'm not going to get into hypotheticals, but listen, we need to make sure that we maintain a "One China" policy and -- but that includes supporting Taiwan's ability to defend itself, including what we need to do to ensure the freedom of the Taiwan Strait. We need to make sure we have open lines of communication with China, in particular, military to military.