Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-interview-dana-bash-cnn-august-29-2024

Dana Bash: Madam Vice President, Governor Walz, thank you so much for sitting down with me and bringing the bus. Bus tour is well underway here in Georgia. You have less time to make your case to voters than any candidate in modern American history. The voters are really eager to hear what your plans are. If you are elected, what would you do on day one in the White House?

Kamala Harris: Well, there are a number of things. I will tell you, first and foremost, one of my highest priorities is to do what we can to support and strengthen the middle class. When I look at the aspirations, the goals, the ambitions of the American people, I think that people are ready for a new way forward in a way that generations of Americans have been fueled by -- by hope and by optimism.

Kamala Harris: I think, sadly, in the last decade, we have had in the former president someone who has really been pushing an agenda and an environment that is about diminishing the character and the strength of who we are as Americans, really dividing our nation. And I think people are ready to turn the page on that.

Dana Bash: So, what would you do day one?

Kamala Harris: Day one, it's going to be about, one, implementing my plan for what I call an opportunity economy. I've already laid out a number of proposals in that regard, which include what we're going to do to bring down the cost of everyday goods, what we're going to do to invest in America's small businesses, what we're going to do to invest in families.

Kamala Harris: For example, extending the child tax credit to $6,000 for families for the first year of their child's life to help them buy a car seat, to help them buy baby clothes, a crib. There's the work that we're going to do that is about investing in the American family around affordable housing, a big issue in our country right now. So, there are a number of things on day one.

Dana Bash: What about you?

Tim Walz: Well, I'm excited about this agenda, too. As I said, the idea of inspiring America to what can be. And I think many of these things that the vice president's proposing are -- are -- are things that we share in values. And the child tax credit's, one we know that reduces childhood poverty by a third. We did it in Minnesota.

Tim Walz: To have a federal partner in this --unbelievable, I think, in the impact that we can make.

Dana Bash: You talk about -- you call it the opportunity economy.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Dana Bash: You are well aware that, right now, many Americans are struggling. There's a crisis of affordability.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Dana Bash: One of your campaign themes is, "We're not going back." But I wonder what you say to voters who do want to go back when it comes to the economy specifically because their groceries were less expensive, housing was more affordable when Donald Trump was president.

Kamala Harris: Well, let's start with the fact that when Joe Biden and I came in office during the height of a pandemic, we saw over 10 million jobs were lost. People -- I mean, literally we are all tracking the numbers. Hundreds of people a day were dying because of COVID. The economy had crashed. In large part, all of that because of mismanagement by Donald Trump of that crisis.

Kamala Harris: When we came in, our highest priority was to do what we could to rescue America. And today, we know that we have inflation at under 3 percent. A lot of our policies have led to the reality that America recovered faster than any wealthy nation around the world. But you are right. Prices, in particular for groceries, are still too high.

Kamala Harris: The American people know it. I know it. Which is why my agenda includes what we need to do to bring down the price of groceries. For example, dealing with an issue like price gouging. What we need to do to extend the child tax credit to help young families, be able to take care of their children in their most formative years.

Kamala Harris: What we need to do to bring down the cost of housing. My proposal includes what would be a tax credit of $25,000 for first-time home buyers so they can just have enough to put a down payment on a home, which is part of the American dream and their aspiration, but do it in a way that allows them to actually get on the path to achieving that goal and that dream.

Dana Bash: So, you have been vice president for three and a half years.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Dana Bash: The steps that you're talking about now, why haven't you done them already?

Kamala Harris: Well, first of all, we had to recover as an economy, and we have done that. I'm very proud of the work that we have done that has brought inflation down to less than 3 percent, the work that we have done to cap the cost of insulin at $35 a month for seniors. Donald Trump said he was going to do a number of things, including allowing Medicare to negotiate drug prices.

Kamala Harris: Never happened. We did it. So now, and I -- as I travel in the state of Georgia and around our country, the number of seniors that have benefited, I've met -- I was in Nevada recently, a grandmother who showed me her receipts. And before, we capped the cost of insulin for seniors at $35 a month. She was paying hundreds of dollars, up to thousands of dollars a month for her insulin. She's not doing that any longer.

Dana Bash: So, you maintain Bidenomics is a success.

Kamala Harris: I maintain that when we do the work of bringing down prescription medication for the American people, including capping the cost of the annual cost of prescription medication for seniors at $2,000; when we do what we did in the first year of being in office to extend the child tax credit so that we cut child poverty in America by over 50 percent; when we do what we have done to invest in the American people and bringing manufacturing back to the United States so that we created over 800,000 new manufacturing jobs, bringing business back to America; what we have done to improve the supply chain so we're not relying on foreign governments to supply American families with their basic needs, I'll say that that's good work. There's more to do, but that's good work.

Dana Bash: I want to get some clarity on where you stand on some key policy issues. Energy is a big one. When you were in Congress, you supported the Green New Deal. And in 2019 you said, "There is no question I'm in favor of banning fracking." Fracking, as you know, is a pretty big issue, particularly in your must-win state of Pennsylvania.

Kamala Harris: Sure.

Dana Bash: Do you still want to ban fracking?

Kamala Harris: No, and I made that clear on the debate stage in 2020, that I would not ban fracking. As vice president, I did not ban fracking. As president, I will not ban fracking.

Dana Bash: In 2019, I believe in a town hall, you said -- you were asked, "Would you commit to implementing a federal ban on fracking on your first day in office?" and you said, "There's no question I'm in favor of banning fracking. So, yes." So it changed in -- in that campaign?

Kamala Harris: In 2020, I made very clear where I stand. We are in 2024, and I have not changed that position, nor will I going forward. I kept my word, and I will keep my word.

Dana Bash: What made you change that position at the time?

Kamala Harris: Well, let's be clear. My values have not changed. I believe it is very important that we take seriously what we must do to guard against what is a clear crisis in terms of the climate. And to do that, we can do what we have accomplished thus far. The Inflation Reduction Act, what we have done to invest by my calculation over probably a trillion dollars over the next 10 years investing in a clean energy economy.

Kamala Harris: What we've already done creating over 300,000 new clean energy jobs. That tells me, from my experience as vice president, we can do it without banning fracking. In fact, Dana -- Dana, excuse me, I cast the tie-breaking vote that actually increased leases for fracking --

Dana Bash: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: As vice president. So, I'm very clear about where I stand.

Dana Bash: And was there some policy or scientific data that you saw that you said, "Oh, OK. I get it now"?

Kamala Harris: What I have seen is that we can -- we can grow and we can increase a thriving clean energy economy without banning fracking.

Dana Bash: OK. Another issue, big one, is immigration. As vice president, you were tasked with addressing the root causes of migration in southern countries and --

Kamala Harris: Northern part of Central America.

Dana Bash: The northern parts of --

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Dana Bash: Central America that deals with, that affects the southern border of the US. During the Biden-Harris administration, there were record numbers of illegal border crossings. Why did the Biden-Harris administration wait three and a half years to implement sweeping asylum restrictions?

Kamala Harris: Well, first of all, the root causes work that I did as vice president, that I was asked to do by the president has actually resulted in a number of benefits, including historic investments by American businesses in that region. The number of immigrants coming from that region has actually reduced since we've began that work.

Kamala Harris: But I will say this: That Joe Biden and I and our administration worked with members of the United States Congress on an immigration issue that is very significant to the American people and to our security, which is the border. And through bipartisan work, including some of the most conservative members of the United States Congress, a bill was crafted which we supported, which I support.

Kamala Harris: And Donald Trump got word of this bill that would've -- that contributed to securing our border. And because he believes that it would not have helped him politically, he told his folks in Congress, "Don't put it forward." He killed the bill, a border security bill that would've put 1,500 more agents on the border.

Kamala Harris: And let me tell you something. The Border Patrol endorsed the bill. And I'm sure --

Dana Bash: [inaudible]

Kamala Harris: And I'm sure in large part because they knew they were working around the clock, and 1,500 more agents would help them. That bill would have allowed us to increase seizures of fentanyl. Ask any community in America that has been devastated by fentanyl what passing that bill would have done to address their concern and a pain they've experienced --

Dana Bash: So, you would -- so, you would push that legislation again? I just want to ask --

Kamala Harris: Not only push it, I will make sure that it comes to my desk and I would sign it.

Dana Bash: Just one other question about something that you said in 2019 when you first ran. There was a debate. You raised your hand when asked whether or not the border should be decriminalized. Do you still believe that?

Kamala Harris: I believe there should be consequence. We have laws that have to be followed and enforced that address and deal with people who cross our border illegally. And there should be consequence. And let's be clear, in this race, I'm the only person who has prosecuted transnational criminal organizations who traffic in guns, drugs, and human beings.

Kamala Harris: I'm the only person in this race who actually served a border state as attorney general to enforce our laws. And I would enforce our laws as president going forward. I recognize the problem.

Dana Bash: Generally speaking, how should voters look at some of the changes that you've made -- that you explained some of here -- in your policy? Is it because you have more experience now and you've learned more about the information? Is it because you're running for president in a Democratic primary? And should they feel comfortable and confident that what you're saying now is gonna going to be your policy moving forward?

Kamala Harris: Dana, I think the -- the most important and most significant aspect of my policy perspective and decisions is my values have not changed. You mentioned the Green New Deal. I have always believed and I have worked on it, that the climate crisis is real, that it is an urgent matter to which we should apply metrics that include holding ourselves to deadlines around time.

Kamala Harris: We did that with the Inflation Reduction Act. We have set goals for the United States of America and, by extension, the globe around when we should meet certain standards for reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, as an example. That value has not changed. My value around what we need to do to secure our border, that value has not changed.

Kamala Harris: I spent two terms as the attorney general of California prosecuting transnational criminal organizations, violations of American laws regarding the passage, illegal passage of guns, drugs, and human beings across our border. My values did not change. So, that is the reality of it. And four years of being vice president, I'll tell you, one of the -- the -- the aspects to your point is traveling the country extensively.

Kamala Harris: I mean, I'm here in Georgia, I think somebody told me 17 times since I've been vice president in Georgia alone. I believe it is important to build consensus, and it is important to -- to find a common place of understanding of where we can actually solve problems.

Dana Bash: On that note, you had a lot of Republican speakers at the convention. Will you appoint a Republican to your cabinet?

Kamala Harris: Yes, I would.

Dana Bash: Any one in mind?

Kamala Harris: Yes, I would. No, no one in particular in mind. I got -- we got 68 days to go with this election, so I'm not putting the cart before the horse. But I would. I think -- I think it's really important. I -- I have spent my career inviting diversity of opinion. I think it's important to have people at the table when some of the most important decisions are being made that have different views, different experiences.

Kamala Harris: And I think it would be to the benefit of the American public to have a member of my cabinet who is a Republican.

Dana Bash: I want to ask you about your opponent, Donald Trump.

Kamala Harris: OK.

Dana Bash: I was a little bit surprised, people might be surprised to hear that you have never interacted with him, met him face to face. That's going to change soon, but what I want to ask you about is what he said last month. He suggested that you happened to turn Black recently for political purposes, questioning a core part of your identity.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Dana Bash: Any --

Kamala Harris: Same old, tired playbook. Next question, please.

Dana Bash: That's it?

Kamala Harris: That's it.

Dana Bash: OK. Let's talk about some foreign policy issues that would be on your plate if you become commander in chief. President Biden has tried unsuccessfully to end the war between Israel and Hamas in Gaza. He's been doing it for months and months, along with you. Would you do anything differently? For example, would you withhold some US weapons shipments to Israel? That's what a lot of people on the progressive left want you to do.

Kamala Harris: Let me be very clear. I'm unequivocal and -- and unwavering in my commitment to Israel's defense and its ability to defend itself. And that's not going to change. But let's take a step back. October 7, 1,200 people are massacred, many young people who are simply attending a musical festival. Women were horribly raped.

Kamala Harris: As I said then, I say today, Israel had a right -- has a right to defend itself. We would. And how it does so matters. Far too many innocent Palestinians have been killed. And we have got to get a deal done. We -- we were in Doha. We have to get a deal done. This war must end --

Dana Bash: And in the meantime --

Kamala Harris: And we must get a deal that is about getting the hostages out. I've met with the families of the American hostages. Let's get the hostages out. Let's get the ceasefire done.

Dana Bash: But no change in policy in terms of arms and -- and so forth?

Kamala Harris: No. I -- we have to get a deal done. Dana, we have to get a deal done. When you look at the significance of this to the families, to the people who are living in that region -- it -- a deal is not only the right thing to do to end this war but will unlock so much of what must happen next. I remain committed, since I've been on October 8, to what we must do to work toward a two-state solution where Israel is secure and in equal measure the -- the Palestinians have security and self-determination and -- and dignity.

Dana Bash: Governor Walz, the country is just starting to get to know you. I want to ask you a question about how you've described your service in the National Guard.

Tim Walz: Yeah.

Dana Bash: You said that you carried weapons in war, but you have never deployed actually in a war zone. A campaign official said that you misspoke. Did you?

Tim Walz: Well, first of all, I'm incredibly proud. I've done 24 years of wearing uniform of this country. Equally proud of my service in a public school classroom, whether it's Congress or -- or the governor. My record speaks for itself, but I think people are coming to get to know me. I -- I speak like they do.

Tim Walz: I speak candidly. I wear my emotions on my sleeves, and I speak especially passionately about -- about our children being shot in schools and around -- around guns. So, I think people know me. They know who I am. They know where -- where my heart is. And again, my record has been out there for over 40 years to -- to speak for itself.

Dana Bash: And the idea that you said that you were in war.

Tim Walz: Yeah.

Dana Bash: Did you misspeak, as the campaign has said?

Tim Walz: Yeah, I said -- we were talking about in this case, this was after a school shooting, the ideas of carrying these weapons of war. And my wife, the English teacher, told me my grammar's not always correct. But again, if it's not this, it's an attack on my children for showing love for me, or it's an attack on my dog.

Tim Walz: I'm not going to do that, and the one thing I'll never do is I'll never demean another member's service in any way. I never have and I never will.

Dana Bash: And just one other question, because, again, this is all new.

Tim Walz: Yeah.

Dana Bash: This was not -- however many days ago, this was not on --

Tim Walz: Yeah.

Dana Bash: Either of your bingo cards, especially yours. You had to clarify that you had said that you and your wife used IVF, but it turned out you used a different kind of fertility in order to have children. And then, when you ran for Congress in 2006, your campaign repeatedly made false statements about a 1995 arrest for drunk and reckless driving.

Dana Bash: What do you say to voters who aren't sure whether they can take you at your word?

Tim Walz: Well, I've been very public. I think they can see -- my students come out -- former folks I've served with, and they -- and they do, they vouch for me. I certainly own my mistakes when I make them. The one thing I'll tell you is I wished in this country we wouldn't have to do this. I spoke about our infertility issues because it's hell, and families know this.

Tim Walz: And I -- I spoke about the treatments that were available to us that -- that had those beautiful children there. That's quite a contrast in folks that are trying to -- to take those rights away from us. And so, I -- I think people know who I am. They know that record. They've seen that I've taught thousands of students.

Tim Walz: I've been out there. And I -- I won't apologize for speaking passionately, whether it's guns in schools or protection of reproductive rights. The contrast could not be clearer between what we're running against. The vice president's position on this has been clear. And I think most Americans get it, if you've been through that.

Tim Walz: I don't think they're cutting hairs on IVF or IUI. I think what they're cutting hairs on is an abortion ban and the ability to be able to deny families the chance to have a beautiful child.

Dana Bash: Vice President Harris, you were a very staunch defender of President Biden's capacity to serve another four years. Right after the debate, you insisted that President Biden is extraordinarily strong. Given where we are now, do you have any regrets about what you told the American people?

Kamala Harris: No, not at all. Not at all. I have served with President Biden for almost four years now. And I'll tell you, it's one of the greatest honors of my career, truly. He cares so deeply about the American people. He is so smart and -- and loyal to the American people. And I have spent hours upon hours with him, be it in the Oval Office or the Situation Room.

Kamala Harris: He has the intelligence, the commitment, and the judgment and disposition that, I think, the American people rightly deserve in their president. By contrast, the former president has none of that. And so -- one, I -- I am so proud to have served as vice president to Joe Biden. And, two, I am so proud to be running with Tim Walz for president of the United States and to bring America what I believe the American people deserve, which is a new way forward, and turn the page on the last decade of what I believe has been contrary to where the spirit of our country really lies.

Dana Bash: With the last decade, of course, the last three and a half years has been part of your administration.

Kamala Harris: I'm talking about an era that started about a decade ago where there is some suggestion, warped I believe it to be, that the measure of the strength of a leader is based on you beat down instead of where I believe most Americans are, which is to believe that the true measure of the strength of a leader is based on who you lift up.

Kamala Harris: That's what's at stake as much as any other detail that we could discuss in this election.

Dana Bash: Because we haven't had a chance to -- to talk, I'm just curious, staying on President Biden, when he called you and said he was pulling out of the the race, what was that like? And did he offer to endorse you right away, or did you ask for it?

Kamala Harris: It was -- it was a Sunday, so, here, I'll -- I'll give you a little too much information.

Dana Bash: Go for it. There's no such thing, Madam Vice President.

Kamala Harris: My family was staying with us. And -- including my baby nieces. And we had just had pancakes and, you know, "Auntie, can I have more bacon?" "Yes, I'll make you more bacon." And then, we were going to sit -- we were sitting down to -- to do a puzzle. And the phone rang, and it was Joe Biden. And -- and he told me what he had decided to do.

Kamala Harris: And I asked him, "Are you sure?" And he said, "Yes." And -- and that's how I learned about it.

Dana Bash: And what about the endorsement? Did you ask for it?

Kamala Harris: He was very clear that he was going to support me.

Dana Bash: So when he called to tell you, he said, "I'm pulling out of the race and I'm going to support you?"

Kamala Harris: Well, my first thought was not about me, to be honest with you. My first thought was about him, to be honest. I think history is going to show a number of things about Joe Biden's presidency. I think history is going to show that in so many ways it was transformative, be it on what we have accomplished around finally investing in America's infrastructure, investing in new economics, in new industries; what we have done to bring our allies back together and have confidence in who we are as America and grow that alliance; what we have done to stand true to our principles including the -- one of the most important international rules and norms, which is the importance of sovereignty and territorial integrity.

Kamala Harris: And I think history is going to show not only has Joe Biden led an administration that has achieved those extraordinary successes, but the character of the man is one that he has been in his life and career, including as a president, quite selfless and puts the American people first.

Dana Bash: I just have to ask you both about two standout moments, aside, of course, from the addresses that you both gave, but standout moments that were, perhaps, unexpected during the convention. You mentioned one of them, governor, a moment that you shared, that the world shared with your son, Gus. You were speaking.

Dana Bash: The camera caught him so incredibly proud of you, so emotional, saying, "That's my dad."

Tim Walz: Yeah. I -- I don't know as a father I could've ever imagined that. I -- I'm grateful for so many reasons to be on this ticket. But that moment, to understand what was really important, to -- to have my son feel a sense of pride in me, that I was trying to do the right thing. And it was, you know, you try and protect your kids.

Tim Walz: You know, it brings -- it brings notoriety in things. But it was just such a visceral, emotional moment that I'm -- I'm just -- I'm grateful I got to experience it. And I'm -- I'm so proud of him. I'm proud of him. I'm proud of Hope. I'm proud of Gwen. She's a wonderful mother. And these are great kids.

Tim Walz: And I think the one thing is, talking about the era we're in, is our politics can be better. It can be different. We can -- we can show some of these things. And we can have families involved in this. And I -- I hope that there was -- I hope people felt that out there. And I hope they hugged their kids a little tighter because you just never know. And life can be kinda hard.

Dana Bash: And last question, Madam Vice President, the photograph that has gone viral. You were speaking. One of your grand nieces that you were just talking about --

Kamala Harris: Yes.

Dana Bash: Was watching you accept the nomination. You didn't explicitly talk about gender or race in your speech, but it obviously means a lot to a lot of people. And that --

Kamala Harris: Yes.

Dana Bash: Viral picture really says it. What does it mean to you?

Kamala Harris: You know, I -- listen, I am running because I believe that I am the best person to do this job at this moment for all Americans, regardless of race and gender. But I did see that photograph. And I was deeply touched by it. And, you're right, she's -- it's the back of her head, and her two little braids, and -- and then I'm in the front of the photograph, obviously, speaking.

Kamala Harris: It's very humbling. It's very humbling in many ways.

Dana Bash: Did she talk to you about it afterwards?

Kamala Harris: Oh, she had a lot to talk about. She had a lot. She listened to everything. And she listens to everything.

Dana Bash: She gave you her hot takes?

Kamala Harris: Oh, yeah, definitely.

Dana Bash: Madam Vice President, Governor Walz, thank you so much for your time. Appreciate it.

Kamala Harris: Thank you.

Tim Walz: Thanks for having us.

Kamala Harris: Thank you. Thank you, Dana. Thank you.