Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-interview-dana-bash-cnn-october-9-2024

Brianna Keilar: I want to get now to my colleague, Dana Bash. Dana, I understand that you got Vice President Harris on the phone.

Dana Bash: That's right, Brianna. Thank you so much. Vice President Harris, I believe that you are now on the telephone fresh off of that briefing that we all saw here on CNN. Thank you so much for being here. What is the most important thing that you learned that you want to amplify for Americans who are in the path of this dangerous storm right now?

Kamala Harris: The briefing was very helpful on a number of fronts but, most importantly, in getting the word out to folks in Florida, in particular, to please heed the advice and direction of your local officials because this storm is unlike anything we have seen before. And that's the point of emphasis. This is unlike anything we have seen before.

Kamala Harris: We got a lot of tough, strong people in Florida, who have been through a lot of hurricanes, tornadoes. But this is not like anything they've dealt with before. So, if they have been told to evacuate, they must evacuate. We expect that this is going to be catastrophic and deadly. And I would emphasize that.

Kamala Harris: I would also emphasize the information that we received that even if the designation of the category shifts from a 5 to 4, that's not actually a downgrade in terms of the danger and the dangerous potential of it. And so, let's not have people rely to their detriment on, oh, this sounds like it's going to be less serious than we thought.

Kamala Harris: They made very clear, category 5, category 4 are almost equivalent in terms of the danger and the damage that they will create. So, I would -- I would urge people to really take that information away, as well as to know there are dedicated folks on the ground from FEMA, from federal, state, and local agencies that are there to help you, to help you in terms of advice now to help you get out and to help with recovery and rebuilding after this storm and this hurricane passes.

Dana Bash: And, Madam Vice President, I just want to follow up on the FEMA readiness part of this discussion. We heard the administrator, Deanne Criswell, say earlier today that the agency is down to $11 billion in disaster relief funding because it spent about 9 billion just over the last week. Are you confident FEMA has the resources to manage what we are -- never mind what we're about to see in Florida, but, of course, that's on top of Hurricane Helene two weeks ago?

Kamala Harris: FEMA absolutely has the resources that it needs now and to deal with this hurricane as it hits and the aftermath. And, of course, we want Congress, when they come back, to do their job of making sure that they pass legislation to provide more aid because, again, this is really historic in terms of what we've seen.

Kamala Harris: And so, we do need to buff up the aid and assistance that we give FEMA, understanding that this is unusual and may be, sadly, the new normal.

Dana Bash: But you don't believe that -- because Congress is not in Washington right now, you don't believe that they need to come back earlier in order to give FEMA more resources?

Kamala Harris: FEMA has what they need right now.

Dana Bash: OK. I want to talk a little bit more about what both you and President Biden talked about in this briefing. And each of you has talked about many times over the past few days, which is this dangerous misinformation that is coming from a lot of corners, including your opponent in the race for the White House.

Dana Bash: Several local Republican leaders have been pleading with them to stop. Have you spoken to GOP officials in Florida to figure out how to help combat that right now as it's about to get a whole lot worse?

Kamala Harris: Well, I'll tell you, I have spoken with local officials who have been struck, for example, by Hurricane Helene. And they are doing an extraordinary job in trying to combat the misinformation. I'm talking about sheriffs, I'm talking about mayors, I'm talking about local officials. I don't even know their party affiliation, by the way, but leaders on the ground who know that it is not in the best interest of the people living in those areas to not know their rights, not to know what they're entitled to, and to be afraid of seeking help.

Kamala Harris: It is dangerous. It is -- it is unconscionable, frankly, that anyone who would consider themselves a leader would mislead desperate people to the point that those desperate people would not receive the aid to which they are entitled. And that's why I call it dangerous, and we all know it's dangerous.

Kamala Harris: And the gamesmanship has to stop. At some point, the politics have to end, especially in a moment of crisis. And the crises that we've been seeing affect so many people. They've lost -- I've met people who have lost family members through Hurricane Helene. We know the desperation and the fear that the folks who are attempting to evacuate Florida are experiencing.

Kamala Harris: The last thing that they deserve is to have a so-called leader, make them more afraid than they already are.

Dana Bash: We have been fact checking. And in fact, just before you came on, we did so, my colleague, Brianna Keilar, along with Daniel Dale and Priscilla Alvarez, are doing that, and we're continuing to do it. One of my sort of follow-up questions to that is about we know what Republicans --many Republicans are saying that are -- that is just not true.

Dana Bash: One of the things that came out of the fire in Hawaii last year was that a lot of the misinformation was reportedly being stirred by foreign adversaries. Do you have any indication that that is happening right now?

Kamala Harris: I do not. No, I do not. But whatever the source, Dana, just so we're clear, it hurts the American people. And it's got to stop.

Dana Bash: Madam Vice President, I also just want to ask a little bit more about the federal response. The -- one of the Republican senators from North Carolina, Thom Tillis, who I should say is -- is not critical of the federal response, he says he believes that President Biden should appoint an active duty commander to lead the federal response to these storms. Is that a good idea? Should he do that?

Kamala Harris: I mean, Dana, we're looking at -- we've already, as part of the briefing, heard just minutes ago that tornadoes have actually already hit the area. So, now is not the time to -- to necessarily think about restructuring as much as it is to get boots on the ground and the support directly that is needed as -- as a matter of urgency.

Kamala Harris: And certainly, all good ideas are welcome. But right now, let's let FEMA, let's let the folks who are on the ground do the work they need to do right now in real time. That's about assisting with evacuations, getting correct information out, battling, sadly, the misinformation and putting in place the resources that can hopefully mitigate against the predictable damage.

Kamala Harris: You know, including, for example, we heard a very good briefing from the commandant of the Coast Guard, the work that needs to happen around being concerned about potential damage to the port in Tampa. That kind of work needs to happen urgently, and -- and that's where my focus is.

Dana Bash: Yeah. And the window for evacuation is definitely closing as we speak. Madam Vice President, before I let you go, I do have to ask you about another phone call that, I believe, you participated in earlier today with President Biden, and that is with Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu. Did he talk at all about what his plans are to retaliate -- to retaliate against Iran after its ballistic missile attack against Israel last week?

Kamala Harris: Well, I'll tell you, I -- it was a classified call. And -- and I don't have any announcements to make about what happened during that call. And I'm not -- I just can't get into private diplomatic conversations on this --

Dana Bash: OK.

Kamala Harris: Channel. But -- but it was -- it was an important call.

Dana Bash: OK. Thank you so much. I appreciate you coming on, spending a few moments with us. Thank you, Madam Vice President.

Kamala Harris: Of course. Thank you, and thanks for getting the word out and around-the-clock information to the folks who are in desperate need of accurate information. I appreciate that. Thank you. Take care.

Dana Bash: Thank you.