Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-interview-campaign-mark-cuban-october-23-2024

Kamala Harris: You know I watch Shark Tank all the time.

Mark Cuban: See, I knew I'd liked you.

Kamala Harris: And then I often -- depending on -- because, you know, there are a lot of reruns. I'll look it up to see how the company is doing.

Mark Cuban: Hopefully, mine are doing well.

Kamala Harris: Hi.

Mark Cuban: Hey.

Kamala Harris: How are you, Mark?

Mark Cuban: Good.

Kamala Harris: Thank you for everything, Mark.

Mark Cuban: Oh, thank you.

Kamala Harris: Thank you. Thank you.

Mark Cuban: So excited to talk to you.

Kamala Harris: I am excited to talk with you.

Mark Cuban: So, I know it's a grind with an NBA season going city to city. So, what does it feel like, I mean, just physically?

Kamala Harris: You know, long days.

Mark Cuban: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: I start -- every day, I work out every morning. No matter --

Mark Cuban: And what's your workout?

Kamala Harris: I -- elliptical. And then I go, and I go all day long.

Mark Cuban: And then you're just exhausted at the end of the day?

Kamala Harris: You know, I -- your body doesn't lie to you when you first wake up in the morning --

Mark Cuban: Yup.

Kamala Harris: And then your brain kicks in and says, oh, everything will be fine, right?

Mark Cuban: And that workout just gets you going.

Kamala Harris: And it gets me going every morning.

Mark Cuban: So, here's the other question I'm going to ask.

Kamala Harris: OK.

Mark Cuban: We've talked about tech --

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Mark Cuban: And innovation --

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Mark Cuban: How important it is to the economy and just dominating globally --

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Mark Cuban: Right? Do you ever geek out at all?

Kamala Harris: All the time.

Mark Cuban: And so, tell me about that.

Kamala Harris: So, my mother was a scientist, right?

Mark Cuban: Yes.

Kamala Harris: So, I grew up as a kid going to the lab. I grew up seeing her have a passion about she wanted to end breast cancer, she wanted to find a cure, and she did make breakthroughs in breast cancer research.

Mark Cuban: That's amazing.

Kamala Harris: And I -- probably, that's where I just -- the source of my geeking out.

Mark Cuban: It's all comes from her, right?

Kamala Harris: Right.

Mark Cuban: But -- so -- so now, I got to ask -- you know, I was at your speech in Pittsburgh --

Kamala Harris: Yes.

Mark Cuban: And you talked about it took only a year to build the Empire State Building.

Kamala Harris: Yes.

Mark Cuban: And then you said that you were going to cut permitting, you were to cut the time for licensing, for all --

Kamala Harris: The red tape.

Mark Cuban: All the red tape.

Kamala Harris: It slows things down.

Mark Cuban: So, how do we take that and use it to cut the deficit?

Kamala Harris: So, part of it is we cannot be rote in terms of how we think about deficits to say the government spends too much because I think that is overly simplistic.

Mark Cuban: I agree.

Kamala Harris: We have to ask, are we spending it in a smart way such that we are yielding a return on that investment that is --

Mark Cuban: Just in regular business. Yeah.

Kamala Harris: But this is exactly right.

Mark Cuban: I get all that, right?

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Mark Cuban: So, here's kind of the angle I always look at, tariffs.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Mark Cuban: I've known Donald Trump for 25 years. He used to be OK on trade policy.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Mark Cuban: But over the last 25 years, he's just lost it.

Kamala Harris: I don't think he pays attention to the details, and you can't be president of the United States --

Mark Cuban: Unless you pay attention to the details.

Kamala Harris: Yeah. That's fine if he wants to, you know, just give speeches in random places for random reasons, but to talk about such significant policy like tariffs --

Mark Cuban: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: Much less foreign policy, he is applying a machete when a scalpel is what's necessary.

Mark Cuban: It's -- it makes no sense to me, whatsoever. To me, I think Donald Trump is the -- the grinch that stole Christmas. This time next year, we're going to be thinking about Christmas presents for all of our kids. And if he puts a 60 percent tariff on everything from China, those prices are going up.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Mark Cuban: And now, all of a sudden, your vision of everything you wanted to have for your kids at Christmas is gone.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Mark Cuban: Donald Trump just crushed it. And it's not just crushing people's Christmases. Those small companies --

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Mark Cuban: That support communities --

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Mark Cuban: Now, all of a sudden, not only did their costs go up 60 percent, but their businesses were just shot.

Kamala Harris: Right.

Mark Cuban: He is going to put who knows how many small businesses out of business.

Kamala Harris: Goldman Sachs, Moody's, Wall Street Journal, most recently, 16 Nobel laureates have all examined our policies. Mine, as has been reviewed, will strengthen the economy. His will weaken it. It will incite inflation --

Mark Cuban: Yup.

Kamala Harris: And invite a recession by the middle of next year, Mark.

Mark Cuban: I don't think he's ever run a company where you have to go deal with the fundamental basis of your business. He has no clue. And the worst part is he doesn't care.

Kamala Harris: You know, let's not forget, he was handed so much of what he's had and has lost it, and he doesn't understand how people like you and so many others -- and this is what I love about the American people -- who are hardworking, who have grit, who are innovative, and who start with --

Mark Cuban: Nothing.

Kamala Harris: Nothing and make something.

Mark Cuban: It makes all the difference.

Kamala Harris: And that's something he doesn't get.

Mark Cuban: No. Obviously, I've -- I've been investing in startups forever.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Mark Cuban: When I work with these companies, it's their whole life.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Mark Cuban: They've given up something.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Mark Cuban: And he doesn't realize that this person has worked five years, 10 years to save up enough money to start this business --

Kamala Harris: I know. I know.

Mark Cuban: Or they just went for it, and --

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Mark Cuban: He doesn't get that. And that's where the tax credit -- and that's the other reason why talking about child care and day care, being able to have $6,000. So, if you have a child and a newborn, you can keep on working.

Kamala Harris: And you need to buy a crib and a car seat.

Mark Cuban: Yes.

Kamala Harris: How are they going to actually afford it, especially during that first year of the child's life? Right now, for so many of Gen Z, Gen X, the -- the idea of the American dream is really elusive.

Mark Cuban: It's tough.

Kamala Harris: It was an older concept.

Mark Cuban: It's tough. Yeah.

Kamala Harris: And a big part of it being housing supply. We don't have enough, and so the prices go up.

Mark Cuban: Yup.

Kamala Harris: That's why I want to build more housing supply but also work with developers and homebuilders to cut the red tape and then get them tax credits.

Mark Cuban: Who are hardcore entrepreneurs. Hardcore entrepreneurs.

Kamala Harris: Right.

Mark Cuban: Yeah, I think that is so important because, you know, one of the questions I get all the time is about work-life balance --

Kamala Harris: Yeah. Yeah.

Mark Cuban: Because it's a challenge. You know, you've got to pay the mortgage, you've got to pay the rent, whatever. You've got to pay the car payment and insurance. It's a tough decision to go start a business. Having a $6,000 tax credit gives you the comfort that you can get somebody to help your child. You can have some work-life balance.

Kamala Harris: Right.

Mark Cuban: And I don't think -- he's never been in that situation. Not all those people started like Donald Trump with a silver spoon, right?

Kamala Harris: No, of course, not.

Mark Cuban: These are people putting their life on the line.

Kamala Harris: Yeah. It's that energy and that grit, to your point, that is going to spur us into the future, right? Because here's the other thing about entrepreneurs. You can't be a successful entrepreneur without actually thinking about where things are going.

Mark Cuban: Look, we're here in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and we're going to be --

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Mark Cuban: Talking to a bunch of kids. And I guarantee you, one of them is going to start a business, and that business --

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Mark Cuban: Just might be the next Nike. It might be the --

Kamala Harris: Right.

Mark Cuban: It's those kids that are going to change the world, invent the next technology.

Kamala Harris: The idea of knowing that it is possible for us if we work and study something, that we can create something that improves and uplifts the human condition --

Mark Cuban: Of course.

Kamala Harris: That excites me to no end. Like that -- that's where I see where we could actually combine a lot of our -- our areas of focus.

Mark Cuban: For sure. For sure. And I want to let you know that, as an entrepreneur, as an investor, as a geek, the things that you're doing matter. I'm getting more and more people emailing me, calling me, saying, "Maybe she really understands what it takes to be an entrepreneur, what it takes to be successful," and I know you've committed to that --

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Mark Cuban: So, it's awesome.