Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-interview-norah-odonnell-cbs-news-portage-michigan-october-26-2024

Beyoncé: [Video clip] I'm not here as a celebrity. I'm not here as a politician. I'm here as a mother. [End videotape]

Jane Pauley: [Voiceover] Beyonce's song, "Freedom," has become Kamala Harris' anthem. And that was the message in Houston Friday night. [Begin video clip]

Norah O'Donnell: So, why Texas?

Kamala Harris: You know, Texas is ground zero on this most extraordinary issue, which is, that we are fighting for a woman's right to make decisions about her own body.

Norah O'Donnell: Tonight, Beyonce is quite the opening act.

Kamala Harris: I know. I'm really excited about that. It's going to be great.

Beyoncé: [Video clip] Vice President Kamala Harris. [End video clip]

Jane Pauley: It was the vice president's largest rally ever. Thirty thousand people braved 90-degree heat -- [Begin videotape]

Kamala Harris: And now, the attorney general of Texas is suing the United States government. [End videotape]

Jane Pauley: To hear her scorching new attack on Texas' strict abortion rules. [Begin videotape]

Kamala Harris: On the one hand, Donald Trump won't let anyone see his medical records. And on the other hand, they want to get their hands on your medical records. Simply put, they are out of their mind. [End videotape]

Jane Pauley: We traveled with the vice president over two days for a rare behind-the-scenes look on Air Force Two and the battleground state of Michigan -- [Begin videotape]

Michelle Obama: I got to ask myself, "But why on Earth is this race even close?" I -- I lay awake at night wondering what in the world is going on. [End videotape]

Jane Pauley: Where Michelle Obama campaigned with Kamala Harris for the first time, challenging men to see women's health care as a life-or-death matter. [Begin video clip]

Michelle Obama: [Video clip] If we don't get this election right, your wife, your daughter, your mother, we as women will become collateral damage to your rage.

Kamala Harris: [Video clip] I pledge to you, when Congress passes a bill to restore reproductive freedom nationwide, as president of the United States, I will proudly sign it into law.

Norah O'Donnell: [Video clip] And you have been clear that that is a priority, but what you have not been clear on is what that bill would look like. You've talked about restoring Roe versus Wade.

Kamala Harris: Oh, but I'm very clear. With --

Norah O'Donnell: You've not said what restrictions you would support.

Kamala Harris: Let's put back in place Roe versus Wade. This was not an issue. In Roe -- when Roe versus Wade was intact for 50 years, half a century, women, together with their physicians, were here at a medical office talking with physicians -- women in consultation, if they chose with their priest, their pastor, their rabbi, their imam, were able to make those --

Norah O'Donnell: So, you do support restrictions after viability?

Kamala Harris: I support Roe versus Wade being put back into law by Congress and to restore the fundamental right of women to make decisions about their own body. It is that basic.

Norah O'Donnell: But you know there were -- there are restrictions with Roe versus Wade. There were restrictions after viability.

Kamala Harris: We would not be debating this if Donald Trump had not hand-selected three members of the United States Supreme Court with the intention they would undo the protections of Roe v. Wade. And what we have seen, as -- as demonstrated last night and every day these last two years, is extraordinary harm that has occurred in America, where women have died because of Trump abortion bans, where women who have survived rape and, girls, incest and -- and no exception for someone whose body has been violated to make a decision about what happens to their body next.

Kamala Harris: We have seen women who are experiencing a miscarriage around a pregnancy they prayed for and being denied health care because doctors are afraid they're going to go to prison and those women developing sepsis. We have seen extraordinary harm and pain and suffering happen because of what Donald Trump did in intending and effectuating an overturning of Roe v.

Kamala Harris: Wade. Yes, my first priority is to put back in place those protections and to stop this pain and to stop this injustice that is happening around our country.

Norah O'Donnell: So, then why not say what restrictions you would support as part of that?

Kamala Harris: I've told you. Let's put back in place Roe v. Wade.

Norah O'Donnell: And when you argue that Donald Trump, if elected, would put forward a national abortion ban --

Kamala Harris: Just read Project 2025.

Norah O'Donnell: The former president said that's not true. He would veto --

Kamala Harris: He says everything. Come on. Are we really taking his word for it? He said that women should be punished. He's -- he has been all over the place on this, but I'm too busy watching what he's doing to see what he has said. [End video clip]

Jane Pauley: Harris is on the trail in Pennsylvania today, and she plans to make a major address this coming Tuesday. [Begin videotape]

Norah O'Donnell: One week before Election Day, you will be in Washington, not in a battleground state --

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Norah O'Donnell: To give a major speech at the same place that Donald Trump did on January 6th. Why?

Kamala Harris: So, I would -- and do think about that place more in the context of what will be behind me, which is the White House. And I'm doing it there because I think it is very important for the American people to see and think about who will be occupying that space on January 20th. And the reality of it is that most Americans can visualize the Oval Office.

Kamala Harris: We've seen it on television. And this is a real scenario. It's either going to be Donald Trump or it's going to be me sitting behind the resolute desk in the Oval Office. [End videotape]

Jane Pauley: With nine days left to go, the vice president tells us there is no doubt about what her closing arguments will be. [Begin videotape]

Kamala Harris: His first priority is going to be people like him, not people like the people who are watching this right now. People who work hard. Seniors, for example, who are depending on that Social Security check as the only source of their income when Donald Trump is saying we should raise the age of -- of Social Security to 70 before you're eligible.

Norah O'Donnell: But he says he's going to cut taxes on their benefits.

Kamala Harris: He has been consistent. And again, google Project 2025 about what he thinks about Social Security and why he thinks it is nothing that should be supported, what he has -- his intentions to cut Medicare and Medicare benefits, his intention -- look again at Project 2025 -- to repeal the $35 a month cap on insulin that we have put in place.

Norah O'Donnell: You know that Donald Trump has disavowed Project 2025. He says that is not his campaign plan.

Kamala Harris: As you know, I am a former prosecutor. His DNA is all over it. All over it. His running mate wrote the forward to the -- the book of the author of Project 2025. I believe Donald Trump's name appears at least 300 times in Project 2025. And it is a blueprint, a detailed blueprint, that is about the danger and the detail of what Donald Trump and his allies plan if he is in the White House again.