Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-interview-the-view-abc-news-new-york-october-8-2024

Whoopi Goldberg: To go until election, so we are thrilled that joining us right now for her very first talk show appearance and live TV interview appearance since accepting the Democratic presidential nomination -- please welcome back the next president of the United States. [Applause]

Kamala Harris: Thank you. Hello, everyone. Hi, ladies.

Whoopi Goldberg: So, I -- I

Joy Behar: It's wonderful to see you.

Kamala Harris: It's wonderful to see you, all of you.

Joy Behar: And look at how we're all dressed so --

Kamala Harris: Yes, yes.

Whoopi Goldberg: Well, most of us.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Whoopi Goldberg: Some of us are just as we are, but you walked -- you just walked out to "Freedom" by Beyonce, which is a campaign anthem for you.

Kamala Harris: Yes.

Whoopi Goldberg: And you've barely taken a breath since, you know, 79 days ago when President Biden called your house and said he was stepping down and passing you the torch. "Bye," and then hung up. So --

Kamala Harris: Kind of.

Whoopi Goldberg: How close -- I mean -- so, you get this phone call and you -- I guess you can tell who's calling and -- and what does he say?

Kamala Harris: So, I'll set the scene for you.

Whoopi Goldberg: OK.

Kamala Harris: So, it was a Sunday and our family, my niece, her husband, and their two daughters, were staying with us. And I had promised them that Sunday, Auntie was going to make pancakes and bacon and we were going to have a really --

Whoopi Goldberg: Right.

Kamala Harris: And, you know, the kids wake up. The girls, they're six and eight. They were at the time they wake up early. We always wake up the first.

Whoopi Goldberg: Right.

Kamala Harris: So, they come knocking on the door, and we have our quiet time in the morning, just me and the girls.

Whoopi Goldberg: Right.

Kamala Harris: And so, I went to work out, and I had on cooking shows. And they were asking me, "Auntie, what's that ingredient? What's that ingredient?" And they're playing while I'm working out, make breakfast. We sit down. We're having breakfast, and we'd been working on a puzzle. So, they wanted more bacon, got more bacon. And then -- you know how it goes.

Whoopi Goldberg: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: And so, then we had a puzzle. So, we went back up to work on the puzzle. I'm still in my workout clothes.

Whoopi Goldberg: Right.

Kamala Harris: And we're working on the puzzle, and the phone rings.

Whoopi Goldberg: Right.

Kamala Harris: So, I said, "Auntie will be right back." And it was the president, and he told me his decision. And I'll tell you the first thing I asked him is, "Are you sure?" Because what a big decision.

Whoopi Goldberg: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: And historic.

Joy Behar: Oh, yeah.

Kamala Harris: And -- and we talked for a while. Meanwhile, I -- I went back into the room where the girls were, and I'm like, "Go get your father!" Because I knew he'd be up somewhere. And so, we laughed afterwards. Nik, as their father, we laughed that Amara the elder one was kind of like Paul Revere. And Leela, the younger one, was Paul Revere's horse.

Sunny Hostin: That's a wonderful story.

Kamala Harris: But, you know -- so, there were these -- it was a real split-screen obviously. And then the rest of the day was -- I mean, it was -- it was surreal. I'll tell you, honestly, one of the first people I called was my pastor. I mean, I needed to talk to God --

Alyssa Farah Griffin: Yeah.

Whoopi Goldberg: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: You know, and -- and to pray. It was -- I understood in real time what was happening. And, obviously, then, it really set in in the hours and days to come. But --

Joy Behar: Well, yeah.

Kamala Harris: It was quite a day.

Sunny Hostin: Madam Vice President, we are very happy to see you here today.

Kamala Harris: Thank you. Thank you. I'm glad to be with you.

Sunny Hostin: Thank you for coming. As vice president, you've worked very closely with President Biden for almost four years. He was here on our show.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Sunny Hostin: And he said there wasn't a single thing that he did that you could not do. What do you think would be the biggest specific difference between your presidency and a Biden-cy -- a Biden presidency?

Kamala Harris: Well, we're obviously two different people, and we have a lot of shared life experiences. For example, the way we feel about our family and our parents and so on. But we're also different people, and I will bring those sensibilities to -- to how I lead. You know, for example, I know we're going to talk today, but one of the issues that I'm very focused on is what we do around home health care.

Sunny Hostin: Yes.

Joy Behar: Oh, yeah.

Kamala Harris: I have done a lot of work as it relates to, sadly, but violence against women and children. I care a lot about that. I love our small businesses. My mother raised my sister and me predominantly, but we had what we called a second mother who lived two houses down who helped my mother raise us. She was a small business owner.

Kamala Harris: I love our small businesses. And -- and so, the influence of a personal experience will have its impact on the presidency.

Sunny Hostin: Well, if anything, would you have done something differently than President Biden during the past four years?

Kamala Harris: There is not a thing that comes to mind in terms of -- and I've been a part of -- of -- of most of the decisions that have had impact.

Sunny Hostin: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: The work that we have done, for example, capping the cost of insulin at $35 a month for our seniors is something I care deeply about; about allowing Medicare to negotiate drug prices --

Sunny Hostin: Yes.

Kamala Harris: And bring the cost of prescription medication down for -- for seniors. But my intention is to expand that for all Americans. The work we have done to invest in American industries, whether it be in terms of manufacturing and creating almost 800,000 new jobs around manufacturing. Those were all a shared priority.

Ana Navarro: Well, let's -- let's -- Kamala -- and I'm calling you Kamala because for all of those who are mispronouncing it, I want you all to know how to say it. [Applause]

Kamala Harris: There you go.

Ana Navarro: But let's talk about something you would do different from Donald Trump. Right now, there is a monster storm barreling towards my state of Florida --

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Ana Navarro: A place that's still reeling from Hurricane Helene. Trump is lying, claiming that the Biden administration is intentionally withholding aid from the areas where Republicans live and that FEMA funds are being redirected to migrants. Ironically, that is something he did in 2019. What do you think the effect of these lies are? And why is he doing this?

Kamala Harris: Well, it's profound, and it is the height of irresponsibility and, frankly, callousness. So, lives are literally at stake right now. I -- I traveled to Georgia and to North Carolina after Hurricane Helene. In Georgia, I met a woman who, just days earlier, her husband was killed in their home by a fallen tree.

Kamala Harris: Days later, I met with her and her daughter. You can imagine the pain, the shock that they are still in about what they experienced, what they witnessed. I mean, we're talking about real human beings and their lives and them losing everything.

Whoopi Goldberg: Everything.

Kamala Harris: Everything. This woman lost her husband. Her child lost her father. People are losing their home with no hope of ever being able to reconstruct or return. And the idea that somebody would be playing political games for the sake of himself -- but this is so consistent about Donald Trump. He puts himself before the needs of others.

Kamala Harris: I -- I fear that he really lacks empathy on a very basic level --

Whoopi Goldberg: Oh, yeah.

Kamala Harris: To care about the suffering of other people and then understand the role of a leader is -- is not to beat people down, it's to lift people up --

Sunny Hostin: Yeah, absolutely.

Kamala Harris: Especially in a time of crisis. [Applause]

Sara Haines: Vice President, in the -- in the name of the storm -- as this massive storm is heading, it's about to hit Florida, you and Governor DeSantis have been going back and forth, trading jabs over your attempt to check in. And ahead of the storm, you've called him selfish for not taking your calls. Now, he said this morning, you've never called regarding any of the storms Florida has had since you've been vice president until apparently now and called it political. What's your response to that?

Kamala Harris: Well, first of all, I have called and talked with, in the course of this crisis, this most recent crisis, Democrat and Republican governors. Called, taken the call, answered the call, had a conversation. So, obviously, this is not an issue that is about partisanship or politics for certain leaders but maybe as for others.

Kamala Harris: What you also know and the issue of what's about to hit Florida -- and you're a live show, so I just can't stress enough. This hurricane coming to Florida is --

Whoopi Goldberg: Catastrophic.

Kamala Harris: It is -- and predicted to be historic in terms of how serious and devastating it will be. And I -- I urge every and anybody who is watching or has family members in that area, please, please, please take seriously your local officials' admonition to you. If they're telling you to evacuate, get your stuff and go.

Kamala Harris: If they're -- whatever they're telling you. Because, you know, we've got to -- you know, Floridians, tough folks, been through a lot, but this is going to be different than they've been before. And I know a lot of folks might think I've been through this.

Sunny Hostin: Yes.

Kamala Harris: I grew up here. I've seen it all. I'll be fine. This one is going to be different, and that's why I called the governor about what Florida has received in terms of impact. We have to have an agreement that, at some point, we all need to work together to combine resources, especially federal, state, and local resources around these kinds of disasters.

Kamala Harris: And I think it's a shame that that hasn't happened. But look, it has at the local level and with, you know, other state elected so --

Ana Navarro: He'll take your call when you're president.

Whoopi Goldberg: Yeah. [Applause]

Kamala Harris: And here's the thing. Here's -- here's the thing you should know on that point. And when I'm president, I will continue to call him to see what he needs for help.

Joy Behar: Maybe he won't be in office anymore then. Just saying.

Whoopi Goldberg: More predictions with Joy. No. More with the vice president when we come back. [Applause] [Commercial break] We're back with Vice President Kamala Harris. Joy has the next question.

Joy Behar: Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. Well, first let me say that I like candidates who show up for interviews. Just saying. [Applause] So, you know, we all know the background of the guy. Is a convicted felon, OK; a big-time loser; has been pretty open about his plans if elected to stack D.C. with loyalists going after the media and comedians.

Joy Behar: How threatened do you have to be to go after comedians? He wants to do some mass deportations, which really, really is a throwback to the '30s. A dictatorship by any other name, this is what he is planning.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Joy Behar: People are saying this could be the closest election in a century.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Joy Behar: I personally cannot understand why anyone would vote for him. A lot of it is, I think, he's getting bad information -- people are getting bad information from other channels. But do you have an explanation for this at all?

Kamala Harris: Well, let me just add to your list. I mean.

Joy Behar: Listen, it's only an hour show.

Kamala Harris: Exactly. How much time do you have.

Sunny Hostin: Twice impeached.

Kamala Harris: Including he has said he would terminate the Constitution of the United States.

Joy Behar: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: And, Joy, here's what I'd say. Look, I just recently did an event with Liz Cheney, the former Congresswoman.

Joy Behar: I know.

Kamala Harris: Her father, the former vice president, Dick Cheney, has supported me.

Joy Behar: Unbelievable.

Kamala Harris: There are over 200 former members of both Bush presidencies, John McCain, Mitt Romney, who have endorsed me. Leading thinkers in the national security space are supporting me. [Applause] And, frankly, one of the things that I'm very proud of that we have done collectively is we really are building a coalition around some very fundamental issues, including that we love our country and that we have to put country before party.

Kamala Harris: We have to -- we have to agree about the sanctity of the oath we take to defend the Constitution of the United States; to support the Constitution of the United States. And I do believe the closer we get to the election, the more that people reflect on what's at stake, including the fact that the former president tried to undo the will of the people in a free and fair election on January 6th, led what was a violent Attack on the United States Capitol.

Kamala Harris: A hundred and forty law enforcement -- uniformed law enforcement officers were attacked. Some died. I have seen from people who are former Trump supporters who are supporting me that that was a bridge too far. And back to the point about even the hurricanes that are -- one that's about to hit Florida, what has already hit.

Kamala Harris: I think people are exhausted, and they're exhausted with the -- the lies. They're exhausted with the selfishness. They're exhausted with the attempt to divide us as Americans. And they're ready to turn the page and chart a new way forward.

Joy Behar: Yes.

Kamala Harris: And I feel very optimistic about that. [Applause]

Alyssa Farah Griffin: Madam Vice President, when you were here last, I asked about the border, which remains a top issue to voters.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Alyssa Farah Griffin: And as you rightly pointed out, the former president blocked the strongest border security bill in decades. But there remains this perception among voters that the Biden administration dragged its feet and waited too long to act to address the border crisis. Can you speak to why voters may feel that way?

Kamala Harris: Sure. Well, first of all, to your point, when we first came into office hours after we were inaugurated, we -- the first bill we offered before infrastructure, before bringing down the cost of prescription medications, it was to fix our broken immigration system. And it never got taken up, in large part, for political reasons because solutions are at hand, and we need to fix the problem.

Kamala Harris: Then to your point, a bipartisan group of members of the United States Congress, including some of the most conservative members, worked together with our support to craft the most serious and strong border security bill we've seen in years. Donald Trump got word of it and told them, "Don't put the bill up for a vote," because he didn't want a solution because he preferred to run on a problem instead of fixing a problem.

Kamala Harris: So, then we had to do, in addition to what we've done since day one in trying to strengthen the border -- we took further action in terms of executive action. We have seen illegal immigration reduced by half the -- the intake of fentanyl, reduced by half. But ultimately, if we want a real fix to this, Congress has to act.

Kamala Harris: We need -- for example, in that bill, we would have put 1,500 more border agents at the border, which is why the Border Patrol supported it. I went down to the border. And let me tell you, these border agents are working around the clock. They're trying as hard as they can. They need more resources. I have personally prosecuted transnational criminal organizations for the trafficking of guns, drugs and human beings.

Kamala Harris: I have taken on the cartels. I've prosecuted the cartels. I understand the serious nature of this issue and the need to fix it. And solutions are at hand, but again, Donald Trump prefers to run on problems instead of fixing problems. He's not solution-oriented. And again, I will invite people. If you really need to know how he thinks since he doesn't do these kinds of interviews, watch his rallies.

Kamala Harris: He spends full time engaged in grievance about what has happened to him.

Joy Behar: Right.

Kamala Harris: He spends full time perpetuating lies and misinformation. He spends full time talking about fictional characters, you know? I mean --

Joy Behar: And name-calling. A lot of name-calling.

Kamala Harris: And name-calling and demeaning people, belittling people. But what he does not talk about is you. He does not talk about what you need. He does not talk about what your parents need, what your children's need. That's not what he talks about. He doesn't talk about your child's needs. He talks about his needs.

Joy Behar: Right.

Kamala Harris: And I think, again, back to the point, in this election, people are ready for a new generation of leadership that's about fixing problems.

Alyssa Farah Griffin: Thank you. [Applause]

Whoopi Goldberg: We'll have more with Vice President when we come back. [Applause] [Commercial break] We are back with a room full of people who are supposed to be in school today. And with Vice President Kamala Harris. Sunny has the next question.

Sunny Hostin: Madam Vice President, this next issue is a personal one for me because I am part of what they call the sandwich generation.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Sunny Hostin: I'm an only child, and I will likely be responsible for taking care of my children and my parents at the same time.

Joy Behar: And us also.

Sunny Hostin: And -- and perhaps Joy and my co-hosts. My mother, in fact, she's here in the audience as I've told you. She's a retired teacher. Her application --

Kamala Harris: Bless you. Bless you.

Sunny Hostin: Her application for long-term health care was denied because of a preexisting health condition. You are announcing on our show a plan to ease the financial and emotional burdens on families like mine caring for our aging loved ones.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Sunny Hostin: What is that plan?

Kamala Harris: So, Sunny, like you, I took care of my mother when she was sick. She was diagnosed with cancer. And so, it is a personal experience for me as well as something I care deeply about. You know, taking care of a -- a parent, you know, that means trying to cook what they want to eat --

Sunny Hostin: Right.

Kamala Harris: What they can eat. It means picking out clothes for them that isn't soft enough that it doesn't irritate their skin, right? It means trying to think of something funny to -- to make them laugh or smile.

Sunny Hostin: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: And there's so much about that that really is about giving folks dignity. And to your point about being in the sandwich generation, there are so many people in our country who are right in the middle. They're taking care of their kids, and they're taking care of their aging parents. And it's just almost impossible to do it all, especially if they work.

Kamala Harris: We're finding that so many are then having to leave their job, which means losing a source of income, not to mention the emotional stress. And so, what I am proposing is that, basically, what we will do is allow Medicare to cover in-home health care.

Sunny Hostin: Oh.

Whoopi Goldberg: Fine.

Kamala Harris: Right.

Sunny Hostin: That's a huge difference.

Kamala Harris: Because we're talking about these kinds of things where it's just about helping an aging parent or person, you know, prepare a meal, you know, put their sweater on. And it's about dignity for that individual.

Sunny Hostin: Taking their medication.

Kamala Harris: It's about independence for that individual.

Sunny Hostin: Yes.

Kamala Harris: I mean, people are of declining skills to some extent, but their dignity has -- their pride has not declined. They want to -- they want to stay in their home. They don't want to go somewhere else. Plus, for the family to send them to a residential care facility, to hire somebody, is so expensive.

Joy Behar: Wipes you out.

Kamala Harris: And -- and I'll just say -- well, here's the other thing about it. You know, people say, "Well, how are you going to pay for it?" Here -- here's the thing. Here's how we pay for it. Part of what I also intend to do is allow Medicare to continue to negotiate drug prices against these big pharmaceutical companies, which means we are going to save Medicare the money because we're not going to be paying these high prices.

Kamala Harris: And that -- those resources are best then put in a way that helps a family like the one you are describing.

Ana Navarro: Which you have already done. Right.

Kamala Harris: Which we have already done with insulin.

Sunny Hostin: So, it can be done. [Applause]

Kamala Harris: It absolutely can be done. And it has -- it has to be about just seeing what's happening. And -- and it's such a burden that's emotional, financial, physical -- care is about physical work.

Sunny Hostin: Yes.

Kamala Harris: And -- and helping people do what they rightly want and need to be able to do.

Whoopi Goldberg: Are we going to get any help from insurance? Because I'm telling you, insurance is the bane of most people's existence. They have it, but it doesn't cover anything anymore.

Sunny Hostin: And sometimes they deny it because of some preexisting condition.

Whoopi Goldberg: And they deny all of this stuff without knowing or talking to people or finding anything out. Is there anything that can be done to curb them? Because I feel -- I feel like if I haven't used my insurance for years, give me the money back.

Kamala Harris: Right.

Whoopi Goldberg: Give me the money back. Let me reinvest it in my family. But there has to be some way where we can say to insurance companies, listen, you can't just knock people off and say no, it's not good, particularly when it's older folks.

Kamala Harris: So, part of the reason for my plan is that this is about Medicare because, otherwise, people have to spend down everything they've got to only be able to eligible -- be eligible for the care they need as a Medicaid recipient, which means they have to spend down everything.

Whoopi Goldberg: Yeah.

Joy Behar: Right.

Kamala Harris: Basically, you know, feel like they're going broke in order to qualify for Medicaid assistance. So, that's why my plan is about Medicare. So, that can coexist with insurance, but it is a way to help people actually not just get by but get ahead.

Sunny Hostin: OK.

Kamala Harris: And again, the core of this is about just practical solutions, common-sense solutions. I mean, that's really how I come at most of the -- the things I work on and the things I intend to work on as president.

Ana Navarro: Bipartisan solution.

Kamala Harris: Bipartisan -- listen, I plan on having a Republican in my cabinet.

Ana Navarro: Ooh, I got a list.

Sunny Hostin: Yes.

Kamala Harris: Right. You -- you asked me what's the difference between Joe Biden and me? Well, that will be one of the differences. I'm going to have a Republican in my cabinet because I don't -- I don't feel burdened by letting pride get in the way of a good idea.

Whoopi Goldberg: Yeah.

Joy Behar: Right.

Kamala Harris: Right?

Whoopi Goldberg: Yeah. Yeah.

Joy Behar: So, you know -- because I know you have to leave. They say that imitation is the highest form of flattery.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Joy Behar: So, Maya Rudolph on SNL -- the cast of "Saturday Night Live" is delivering for -- for you. I think she's really good. She's spot on. Let's watch her do it. Let's watch her.

Kamala Harris: OK.

Maya Rudolph: I am so happy to be campaigning in whatever swing state I'm in, which I will just refer to as Wisconsi- Pennsylva-Georgia because I am going to protect your va-georgia.

Kamala Harris: Oh, my God. I haven't seen that.

Joy Behar: She did it, right?

Kamala Harris: I haven't seen that.

Sunny Hostin: Yeah.

Joy Behar: Do you like it? Do you like when people -- do you like it? It's fun, right?

Kamala Harris: Oh, it's so good. But Maya Rudolph, I mean, she's so good.

Joy Behar: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: She's so good. She had the whole thing, the suit, the jewelry. Everything. [Crosstalk]

Sara Haines: Thank you for fighting for our va-georgias. We appreciate you.

Kamala Harris: Right.

Ana Navarro: One last question. If -- no. When you become president, will you come back on "The View"?

Kamala Harris: Of course. Of course.

Ana Navarro: We'll hold you to it.

Kamala Harris: Of course, I will. Of course, I will.

Whoopi Goldberg: Yeah. So, yeah. OK. We're honored and proud to have you at this table. [Applause] Our thanks to Vice President Kamala Harris.

Kamala Harris: Oh, Whoopi.

Whoopi Goldberg: We'll be right back.