Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-interview-walter-perez-wpvi-philadelphia-october-27-2024

Walter Perez: I'm Walter Perez. The big story in Action News is the race for the White House. The University of Florida's Election Lab reports more than 41 million Americans have already cast their ballots. With Election Day approaching, the race between Vice President Kamala Harris and former President Donald Trump is getting even tighter.

Note: [Begin video clip]

Walter Perez: Today, I had an exclusive one-on-one conversation with the vice president as she made several campaign stops right here in Philadelphia. The Democratic Presidential nominee stopped by several locations across Philadelphia today, including the Church of Christian Compassion and Hakim's Bookstore and Gift Shop in West Philadelphia and Freddy and Tony's Restaurant in North Philadelphia, making her final pitch to Black voters in the city.

Walter Perez: But I caught up with VP Harris inside the Philly Cuts barbershop in West Philadelphia and asked her what that pitch might be.

Kamala Harris: Overall, to really understand that I think America is ready for a new way forward, that is a new generation of leadership built on optimism.

Walter Perez: And Harris' ability to communicate that message just might make the difference between winning this race and losing it. In 2016, support among Black voters for the Democratic candidates has slipped from 92 percent in 2016 to 78 percent for Harris in a recent New York Times/Siena College poll.

Walter Perez: Although an ABC News/Ipsos poll released this weekend has Harris's support at 90 percent, I asked the vice president for her take on that.

Kamala Harris: Black voters are no different than any other voter. They're going to focus on the issues and that is why I am here talking with folks understanding that they actually want a leader who is focused on solutions.

Walter Perez: But both polls do have the VP support dipping among Black men. Regardless, Harris says that polling does not reflect what she has seen on the campaign trail.

Kamala Harris: I know what the press likes to talk about, but the experience that I'm having, when I look at, for example, the rally that I did just two days ago when 30,000 people showed up, there were people of both genders of every race, every background, every age.

Walter Perez: Ending her day at the Allan Horowitz "Sixth Man" Center, Harris said the path to the White House runs through Philadelphia.

Kamala Harris: The choice, Philly, is truly in your hands. And your vote is your voice and your voice is your power.

Note: [End video clip]

Walter Perez: I also asked Harris about her top priorities for her first 100 days in office if she wins. She said bringing down prices on everyday items and working to codify abortion rights on a national level.