Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-interview-jonathan-tineo-wumr-radio-philadelphia-october-29-2024

Jonathan Tineo: Vice President Harris, how are you doing today?

Kamala Harris: Good afternoon, Jonathan. It's so good to be with you. Thank you for the time.

Jonathan Tineo: Oh, not a problem. We know that you were recently in Philadelphia. And I wanted to ask you, first of all, how was your stay? And what was the main priority for you to accomplish here in Philadelphia?

Kamala Harris: So, I was there to meet with leaders in Philadelphia and talk about my plan for uplifting people and for doing what we can to grow the country and paying specific attention to specific communities. For example, I was there and announced my plan for what we should do in terms of bringing down the cost of living, bringing down the cost of groceries, investing in small businesses.

Kamala Harris: In fact, I visited a beautiful family-owned restaurant that specializes in food from Puerto Rico and -- Freddy and Tony's, and just talking about what I have always done and will continue to do to lift up small business owners. While I was in Pennsylvania and Philadelphia. I also announced my agenda for Puerto Rico, which is that I am creating what I call an opportunity economy task force focused on Puerto Rico to make sure that we do the work that is about, one, lifting up the economic growth and -- and the workforce of Puerto Rico, and I will create a federal government task force with the private sector and nonprofits and community leaders to invest more in Puerto Rico and its future.

Kamala Harris: Also, I am focused for that task force on modernizing Puerto Rico's energy grid. I've been to Puerto Rico in particular after Hurricane Maria. I know there's still so much work to do to not only repair the damage but to upgrade the electricity grid in Puerto Rico.

Jonathan Tineo: That's great to hear, Vice President. You know, I have three very important questions that I think are important to the Puerto Rican community, and not only the Puerto Rican community but also the Latin community here in Philadelphia. The first one is on the topic of representation and respect. You know, Vice President Harris, in light of recent comments that have been made about Puerto Rico, how do you believe that political leaders should approach discussions about territories like Puerto Rico to foster respect and inclusivity within broader American communities?

Kamala Harris: Well, first of all, to your point, Jonathan, you can't -- you know, my opponent, Donald Trump, spends full time disrespecting the cultures and people that he doesn't come from, frankly. And -- and it's -- I think people are exhausted with it. And to your point about what we heard this past weekend -- and it's -- it's -- he spends full time trying to divide people and to have the American people point fingers at each other.

Kamala Harris: And he just constantly is fanning the flame of hate and division. And I think people are exhausted with it, which is why I'm proud and honored to have so much support around my candidacy for president of the United States. I also believe that people are entitled to self-determination, entitled to the dignity that all people have earned.

Kamala Harris: And he, for some reason, is always bringing it down to the lowest point and demeaning people and bullying people. And I'll tell you, I mean, on the issue specifically of Puerto Rico, even when I was in the United States Senate, I represented California. But knowing that Puerto Rico does not have a US senator, I took it upon myself for the years, I was there to prioritize what I could do to help Puerto Rico knowing they needed a voice.

Kamala Harris: The people deserve to have a voice of support within the United States Senate. So, my -- my commitment to the people of Puerto Rico is long-standing and, as president of the United States, will continue through my work that includes creating this task force, the economic opportunity task force for Puerto Rico.

Jonathan Tineo: Excellent, excellent. I know you've already touched on this, and I know we don't have much time so this will be my last question. On Puerto Rico's resilience and future, right, Puerto Rico has faced significant challenges in the recent years, from natural disasters to, obviously, the economic struggles that you just mentioned.

Jonathan Tineo: What do you see as the most effective ways that the federal government could support Puerto Rico's path to the resilience and prosperity?

Kamala Harris: Well, we need to increase investment. To your point, Jonathan, we need to increase investment. That's why in my task force for Puerto Rico, I'm going to work with through the federal government with the private sector to get more private sector investment to partner with us to invest in the industries in Puerto Rico, new industries, and also workers and doing that work in a way that is partnership with nonprofits and community leaders and, of course, the local leaders to create more opportunity on the island.

Kamala Harris: You know, there are so many people, as you know, that leave because there's not enough opportunity for them to stay at home. And I know people want to stay at home but want to have the ability to achieve their ambitions and their goals for their family and themselves. And you can't, for example, in my opinion, strengthen Puerto Rico's economy without also creating a strong economy based on reliable electricity.

Kamala Harris: That's why a big part of my plan is to modernize Puerto Rico's energy grid to strengthen the ability for businesses and for families to be productive, which means also a basic thing like having reliable electricity.

Jonathan Tineo: Vice President Harris, I want to thank you for your time. As a veteran of the military service here for the United States. I'm honored to have the opportunity to speak with you. And do you have any last remarks or any last words for those listeners who are listening, who are on the verge and are undecided to vote this upcoming Tuesday, November 5th?

Kamala Harris: I thank everyone for listening to this conversation, and I hope to earn your vote. I ask you to look at the details of what I plan to do that will benefit the community and compare that to even the words coming from Donald Trump's rally this past weekend. I believe in the future of our country. And I believe in my responsibility to lift people up, not beat them down, to bring people together around their common goals, to invest in families, to invest in small businesses, to invest in workers, and to do the work that is about bringing people together around a strong middle class and so that people can get -- not just get by but get ahead.

Kamala Harris: So, I hope to earn everyone's vote. I ask you to vote. Be sure to vote. Don't let anyone silence you don't let any circumstance silence you. You can make the difference in this election and the future of our country. And I thank you for the time.

Jonathan Tineo: There you have it, Philadelphia and all of South Jersey. We want every block, every neighborhood, every city to be heard this upcoming Tuesday, November 5th. Polls open at 7 a.m. and they will close at 8 p.m. So, make sure that you get the information that you need so that you can vote this upcoming Tuesday. That was Vice President Harris.