Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-interview-dan-snyder-philadelphia-october-29-2024

Ukee Washington: As the former president campaigned in Pennsylvania, Vice President Harris delivered remarks near the White House tonight at The Ellipse. It's the same location former President Trump addressed the crowd on January 6th, 2021. Harris called the speech her closing argument, now just a week out from November 5th.

Note: [Begin video clip]

Kamala Harris: [Video clip] Donald Trump has spent a decade trying to keep the American people divided and afraid of each other. That is who he is. But America, I am here tonight to say that is not who we are.

Note: [End video clip]

Ukee Washington: Before the vice president took the stage, she went one-on-one with our Dan Snyder and spoke about how, if elected, her administration would be different from President Biden's.

Note: [Begin video clip]

Kamala Harris: Work we need to do going forward includes my perspective and new ideas about housing. You know, we've had a housing crisis in America, affordable housing crisis for a long time under Republican and Democratic administrations. I have a new approach, which is let's take it on and work in particular with builders and the private sector and developers tax credits so that they will actually build new housing to bring down the cost of housing because we're going to increase supply.

Kamala Harris: My plan, it's a new approach, it's about a $25,000 downpayment assistance for first-time homebuyers so they can just get their foot literally in the door to be able to have home ownership, which we know is -- is a key way that we can build intergenerational wealth among American families. So, I bring a new perspective.

Note: [End video clip]

Ukee Washington: Some 20,000 supporters were expected at the Harris rally tonight. In an effort to make sure every ballot is counted, the city of Philadelphia has published a list of mail-in ballots that have issues, meaning they can't be counted. You can find a link to that list on our website to see if your ballot is included. The list is in alphabetical order by first name.