Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-interview-telemundo-julio-vaqueiro-october-22-2024

Note: [The following is the official transcript as provided by Noticias Telemundo. It has been cross-checked for accuracy. Transcript and video courtesy and copyright Noticias Telemundo. Source: https://cqrc.al/telemundo-harris-20241022]

Julio Vaqueiro: Well, Vice President Kamala Harris, thank you so much for your time.

Kamala Harris: It's good to see you again. Thank you.

Julio Vaqueiro: I'm glad we're doing this because I think this is a very important conversation for Latino voters.

Kamala Harris: Yes.

Julio Vaqueiro: More than 36 million are eligible to vote. You've been talking to many of them recently, and I wonder how you feel about them. What comes to your mind, how do you prepare when you prepare a policy, like the one you're announcing today, when you meet them? What comes to your mind when you think about Latinos in the United States?

Kamala Harris: A lot. Um -- I'll start with the fact that on so many of the biggest issues, we all have so much more in common than what separates us. Latinos, like everyone, care about bringing down cost of groceries, the everyday cost of life. Um -- I think of the Latino community in terms of the extraordinary ambition, the aspirations, the dreams that exist in the community, understanding it is not a monolith, but that, not unlike any other community, there are dreams and hopes, but not necessarily always access to opportunity.

Kamala Harris: And a lot of my agenda is about creating opportunity for people to succeed. So, for example, part of the agenda that I've rolled out, that I am very aware how it would affect Latino men, for example, includes what we need to do around building a strong economy that supports working people. Understanding that, for example, small businesspeople, small business owners don't always have access to the capital they need to grow their business or even for people to start a small business.

Kamala Harris: And I know that Latino men, um -- often have a more difficult time having access to the big loans from the big banks because of relationships, because of things that are not necessarily grounded in their, their qualification. So I am focused on what we can do to bring more capital to community banks that will understand the community and being able to give those kinds of loans.

Kamala Harris: My focus is on small businesses, understanding that right now the tax deduction for a small business is $5,000. For -- Nobody can start a small business on $5,000. So I'm going to grow it so that it's $50,000 tax deduction to start up a small business. Homeownership. Latinos -- Only half of Latino households are homeowners, right?

Kamala Harris: So part of my plan is to do what we can to give people the opportunity for home ownership, which is about building intergenerational wealth. So my plan includes a $25,000 down payment assistance for first-time home buyers, so they can get their foot in the door to home ownership. So -- my agenda around an opportunity economy will benefit all Americans, but I am also aware of the specific impact on the Latino community.

Julio Vaqueiro: I see, yes. Now, polls suggests that you're having shortcomings with Latinos, specifically with Latino men. Why do you think that President Donald Trump has been able to, to make those gains with Latinos?

Kamala Harris: Listen, Donald Trump has -- when he was president, had policies that I think have been very harmful to working people. You know, he gave tax cuts to billionaires and the biggest corporations. He will do that again. Without --

Julio Vaqueiro: But why, but why is he winning with Latino voters? Not winning, not winning, but, you know, winning more voters.

Kamala Harris: But this is not my experience. My experience is I talk with Latino voters every day, all the time, and there is an incredible amount of support there, because Latino voters understand that they want a president of the United States who treats all people with dignity, with respect, and invests in their dreams for themselves and their family.

Kamala Harris: Donald Trump, what did we get from him as president? Family separation policies, deriding and speaking ill of people of certain backgrounds. Um, we look at what he intends to do with Project 2025 -- I urge your viewers to Google Project 2025. He would cap the cost of -- We have capped the cost of insulin at $35 a month for seniors.

Kamala Harris: Latinos are 70% more likely to be diagnosed with diabetes. He would get rid of our cap.

Julio Vaqueiro: And he said that immigrants are the enemies and that --

Kamala Harris: It's terrible!

Julio Vaqueiro: -- they're poisoning the blood of the country, that they eat pets, that they -- there's an invasion going on, but still, 40% of Latinos support President Trump. So is that -- let's say, is that to his credit, his ability to win votes? Or is that more about Democrats failing to connect with Latinos?

Kamala Harris: We are two weeks away from the election. My job is to earn the vote of every voter. And I am working to do just that by explaining where I come from and how I intend to lead. I come from a hardworking background. My mother arrived in the United States when she was 19 by herself and I now sit here, one generation later, as Vice President of the United States.

Julio Vaqueiro: Yes.

Kamala Harris: I understand hardworking people. I understand the dreams people have for themselves and their children. I understand the optimism and the faith that people have in a brighter future and are willing to work hard for that. I believe that Donald Trump does not see the, the optimism and the, the capacity and potential of the people in a way that will invest in them and allow them to have the opportunities to pursue their goals and their dreams.

Kamala Harris: And I think that's the big difference. And the words that you, rightly, referred to that he has used to refer to the immigrant community, I think tells us how he thinks about this community, but also, you just have to look at the policies that he had and the policies he is pushing. My job and the job of the media is to make sure that all people have facts and have the right information, and then, of course, they will make a decision.

Julio Vaqueiro: So, of course, your economic policies are very important to a lot of Latino voters who really worry about bringing food to the table, but other voters, Latino voters, come from countries like Cuba, Venezuela, Nicaragua. They escaped their countries due to socialism --

Kamala Harris: And dictatorship.

Julio Vaqueiro: And as you know, President Donald Trump has defined you as an extreme socialist that will destroy this country. So where do you stand? How do you define yourself? As a progressive, as a socialist, as a moderate? How do you define yourself to these voters?

Kamala Harris: I am a capitalist. I am a pragmatic capitalist. I believe that we need a new generation of leadership in America that actively works with the private sector to build up the new industries of America, to build up small business owners, to allow us to increase home ownership, to allow people and their families to build intergenerational wealth.

Kamala Harris: I believe in supporting workers. I also believe -- And, and what we need to do is a new approach that understands, for example, that some of the best jobs that we have available don't necessarily require a college degree. So as vice president, part of my plan includes understanding that skills and experience should be as important as a college degree in determining who is a qualified worker to take on a job.

Kamala Harris: And so let me tell you -- So, for example, my approach is to say that we should examine the, the jobs within the Federal government to reassess which ones don't require a college degree, and then I will challenge the private sector to do the same. I am a capitalist who believes not everyone starts out on the same base, but that everyone has the drive, the grit, the work ethic to succeed.

Kamala Harris: And we have to create an economy that gives people an opportunity. I will tell you --

Julio Vaqueiro: You don't like the progressive or moderate terms to define yourself?

Kamala Harris: I believe in the freedom of people to make decisions about their own bodies and women to make decisions about their own bodies and not have their government tell them what to do. I believe that we must stand strong as the United States of America, support our military, and, unlike Donald Trump, should not be referring to service members as "suckers" and "losers." I believe that the United States of America must have a president who does not admire dictators.

Kamala Harris: Donald Trump said he would be a dictator on day one. I believe the United States of America deserves a president of the United States who upholds their oath to protect the constitution of the United States. Donald Trump said he would terminate the Constitution of the United States.

Julio Vaqueiro: Now -- on the first trip you did as the democratic nominee to Arizona, you said you will be tough on immigration. How does that look like?

Kamala Harris: Well, I have personally prosecuted transnational criminal organizations who have trafficked in guns, drugs, and human beings. I have prosecuted the Sinaloa Cartel, the Guadalajara Cartel. I understand, based on work I have done for years, the importance of having a secure border. And the work that I will do as President of the United States is to always ensure that we have a secure border and that we have a humane and orderly immigration system.

Kamala Harris: America's immigration system has been broken for a long time and it can be fixed. There was a bill in the United States Congress that could have done part of that work. Donald Trump killed the bill because he preferred to run on the problem instead of fixing the problem. I pledge to be a president who will fix the problem, understanding it's a false choice to suggest we either have a secure border or we have a comprehensive immigration system.

Kamala Harris: We can have both! We must have both!

Julio Vaqueiro: But -- I mean, this bill, it includes stricter asylum requirements, more resources for border security, even shutting down the border. All of those are policies that President Donald Trump used during his presidency. So, on immigration, has Donald Trump won the argument?

Kamala Harris: Absolutely not. He has no -- he literally stood in the way of what was at hand, a bipartisan bill, including some of the most conservative members of the United States Congress, that would have put 1,500 more border agents at the border, to help those border agents who are working around the clock. It would have allowed us to have the resources to stem the flow of fentanyl, which is killing people in America.

Kamala Harris: And he stood in the way of that progress. So, you know, he talks a big talk, but when it comes to actually putting in place solutions, he falls quite short. And I think it's very important that we remember also what he did on immigration: child separation policies --

Julio Vaqueiro: Yes.

Kamala Harris: -- policies that were about vilifying people, separating children from their mothers.

Julio Vaqueiro: I hear you, but I think my question is, right now, we're talking about border security, and there's nobody, no Democrat, talking about pathway to citizenship and immigration relief, and --

Kamala Harris: I am. I am talking about it.

Julio Vaqueiro: -- the benefits that migrants bring to this country.

Kamala Harris: Oh, but -- there's no question that -- migrants bring -- America is a country that is -- was built, in part, by immigrants who have come --

Julio Vaqueiro: But people are concerned about their TPS, their -- DACA, their -- We're talking about mass deportations.

Kamala Harris: I'm not talking about -- anything other --

Julio Vaqueiro: Where do you stand on mass deportations? What's your stand there?

Kamala Harris: We need smart, humane immigration policy in America that includes a pathway to citizenship, putting more resources at the border in terms of security, honoring America's history as a country of immigrants, not vilifying people who are fleeing harm, but instead, creating an orderly system for them to actually be able to make their case.

Kamala Harris: That's where I stand. I stand on the principle that we should not be talking about immigrants as "poisoning the blood of America."

Julio Vaqueiro: How can -- You might not win Congress, so how can you make sure you pass an immigration reform, a pathway to citizenship? Because Latinos have heard a lot about this for decades now, and -- it feels like an unfulfilled promise.

Kamala Harris: Well, there has been bipartisan support in the past, and I think this election and how Latinos vote can help pave the pathway for the solutions. Donald Trump is not going to push for a pathway for citizenship. He did not in the past, he will not in the future. We know Donald Trump and how he talks about immigration.

Julio Vaqueiro: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: And so, let -- I -- I -- cannot emphasize more strongly, the Latino vote in this election is very important. And I know well enough that the people that we are talking about believe in our country, love our country, are dedicated to its growth, its prosperity, and the opportunity that everyone should have to dignity and the ability to be treated with respect.

Kamala Harris: And that is not Donald Trump's future. Donald Trump is trying to take us backward. He is not trying to take us forward. And the Latino vote, when people look at the issues, whether it be who has a plan for working people in America, who has a plan for the children of America -- Part of my plan includes expanding the child tax credit so young families get $6,000 during the first year of their child's life.

Julio Vaqueiro: Yes.

Kamala Harris: These are the issues that I would ask everyone watching this to take a look at. Who actually has a plan? Go to KamalaHarris.com and you will see 80 pages of my plan that is mostly focused on middle class, working people, small businesses, families, and uplifting the people. Donald Trump is a lot of rhetoric.

Julio Vaqueiro: There are some foreign policy questions I have for you --

Kamala Harris: Sure.

Julio Vaqueiro: -- that Latino voters care about. So, Venezuela. President Maduro lost an election in the summer.

Kamala Harris: Yeah. Yes, he did.

Julio Vaqueiro: Do you have a specific strategy in mind in case he doesn't leave office? Maybe use the military -- military force, because sanctions haven't worked. So, what do you have in mind if he doesn't leave office?

Kamala Harris: We're not -- well, we're not going to use US military there, but let me be very clear also, um -- the -- we must stand firm as the United States of America and respect the will of the people in that election, and I've been very clear about that, as it relates to the election that occurred in Venezuela. The will of the people must be respected, and this is why we've also issued sanctions.

Julio Vaqueiro: Mexico.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Julio Vaqueiro: Just elected a female president.

Kamala Harris: Mmm-hmm. I talked to her.

Julio Vaqueiro: The first female president -- You have?

Kamala Harris: Yes, yeah.

Julio Vaqueiro: Okay. You might become the first President of the United States, so what's your message to her? What did you tell her when you called her?

Kamala Harris: I congratulated her, and um -- and I look forward to working with her. You know, when I was -- I've done -- I've done a lot of work with the Mexican government over the years. When I was Attorney General of California, I led a bipartisan group of attorneys general to Mexico City to work with Mexican attorneys general on the trafficking issue, the trafficking of guns, drugs, and human beings by cartels.

Kamala Harris: Um -- she and I have talked about that, about the work that we can do together on a number of issues, including, you know, she's a scientist.

Julio Vaqueiro: She is, yes.

Kamala Harris: And so, we actually also talked about the collaboration between the United States and Mexico around, again, investment in the future, investment in technology, investment in science.

Julio Vaqueiro: They just modified the constitution in Mexico, the judiciary system, and Ambassador Ken Salazar even said this might be a danger to the Mexican democracy. Are you concerned about Mexico's democracy?

Kamala Harris: I've not studied these changes, so I can't speak on them.

Julio Vaqueiro: Okay. I have a couple of questions about your -- these last days -- about --

Kamala Harris: Sure.

Julio Vaqueiro: -- before the election.

Kamala Harris: Sure.

Julio Vaqueiro: What do you expect on Election Day? To get the results on the same night, maybe two days later, a week later? What are your expectations?

Kamala Harris: Well, I hope to get the results that night, but um -- that may or may not happen. I -- And last time, it took more than, obviously, one night.

Julio Vaqueiro: What happens if you don't win? What would you do?

Kamala Harris: I intend to win, and I will win.

Julio Vaqueiro: But, I mean, there's a chance you might not, right?

Kamala Harris: Well, of course, it's an election, but let's be very clear. I support a free and fair election, unlike Donald Trump, who still lies about his loss in 2020, who incited a violent mob to attack the United States Capitol and try and undo the will of the voters. An -- an -- an attack on -- 140 law enforcement officers that day were injured, some were killed, because of what Donald Trump did.

Kamala Harris: And -- and there are many of your viewers who understand and left a place where dictators would corrupt the judicial and the democratic systems.

Julio Vaqueiro: Do you have a plan in case --

Kamala Harris: And when they look at, as they have talked to me about, January 6th -- for people who voted for Donald Trump maybe in 2016, January 6 of 2020 -- I mean, 2021, was a bridge too far. In fact, I just did an event recently with leading Republicans who are supporting me, who supported Donald Trump in the past, but have said, people who were closest with him, that he is a danger to America, that he is unfit to serve.

Kamala Harris: His former Chief of Staff, who worked with him in the White House, former Secretaries of Defense, former National Security Advisor and former Vice President have all said Donald Trump is unfit to be president of the United States and is a danger. And please, let's remember, most recently the reporting, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the highest among those who have served in our military, said Donald Trump is a fascist to the core.

Kamala Harris: People who know him best, who have worked to defend the security and the principles of the Constitution of the United States, have called him unfit and a danger to our country.

Julio Vaqueiro: I'm running out of time, but I wonder if you remember the other -- like, maybe four years ago, you were in Telemundo Center and we did some questions that really had a lot of success on social media.

Kamala Harris: Okay.

Julio Vaqueiro: It was quick questions. You were really witty, really funny, so I wonder if we can do this this time.

Kamala Harris: Sure, let's give it a try.

Julio Vaqueiro: Give it a try. Okay, so -- short answers.

Kamala Harris: I'm gonna try.

Julio Vaqueiro: What's the biggest misconception about you?

Kamala Harris: Oh, I think that -- um -- there are a lot of people who know me well and know that I have served as a prosecutor for most of my career, where I took on some of the most violent criminals --

Julio Vaqueiro: Mmm-hmm.

Kamala Harris: -- where I served as the top law enforcement officer of California, and I protected consumers and veterans and students and homeowners. They know I served in the United States Senate and did work that was about focusing on issues like maternal mortality, and they know me well to know that I have lived a life of service that has been about uplifting the people.

Kamala Harris: And as vice president, I've met with over 150 world leaders who respect my work and know what I have been able to do, as Vice President of the United States, to uphold the role and the responsibility of leadership of our country as it relates to our relationship with our allies and our partners.

Julio Vaqueiro: Name three things in your night table --

Kamala Harris: Three things --

Julio Vaqueiro: Your night side table.

Kamala Harris: Well, let's see -- what's on my night side -- I've been staying at hotels for the last eleven -- I've been literally on the road. This is my first day home in almost a week and a half.

Julio Vaqueiro: How many cities have you visited in these two months?

Kamala Harris: Oh, my goodness. I don't know. I've been repeatedly over and over again. Sometimes they put, like, put up a sign, "This is the...", you know, "This is the place we'll be going next," just to make sure that we're -- everybody is oriented. But I've been all over the coun- -- I -- Listen, I'm leaving it all on the field, as they say.

Julio Vaqueiro: Yes.

Kamala Harris: I have a very sincere sense of duty to earn the vote of all people, and I intend to be a president for all Americans.

Julio Vaqueiro: Very quickly, what would you like to be remembered for?

Kamala Harris: That I lived a life of service on behalf of the people.

Julio Vaqueiro: Yeah. Yankees or Dodgers?

Kamala Harris: Dodgers --

Julio Vaqueiro: The color says it all!

Kamala Harris: -- every day! But, actually, that's my husband's team, and so I'm there with him, so that's -- it's -- He was very excited about this.

Julio Vaqueiro: I know. It's exciting.

Kamala Harris: He's very excited. They have a great team, though. They did a great job the other night. We watched the end of it.

Julio Vaqueiro: Will you be on the road or watching it from home?

Kamala Harris: I definitely will be on the road.

Julio Vaqueiro: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: Yeah, yeah.

Julio Vaqueiro: Well, good luck. Thank you very much, Madam Vice President.

Kamala Harris: Thank you so very much. It's good to see you again.

Julio Vaqueiro: Nice to see you.

Kamala Harris: Thank you.

Julio Vaqueiro: Thank you.

Kamala Harris: Thank you. Okay. Thank you all.

Julio Vaqueiro: Thank you very much.

Kamala Harris: Thank you.