[Applause] [Music] Oh, hey. Welcome back everybody. Ladies and gentlemen, stay. Ladies and gentlemen, my guest tonight was Vice President of the United States. Please welcome her back to the Late Show, Vice President Kamla Harris. [Applause] Heat. Heat. M madam vice president, it's nice to see you again. It's great to be here. Uh first of all, you look rested. Yeah, I'm happy for you. Thank you. How you doing? Well, oh, I'm fine. I'll get plenty of rest in June. Now, um, a first time you you've you've been here as just a citizen, not as a government official. This is your eighth visit to the show. Those are Thank you for being here. Um, once you left office, I'm just curious. I want to get into the details and I want to I want to talk about the your your coming book, 107 days. But before we do that, I I'm just curious once once you left office, how long before you turned on the news again? months. Yeah, months. I um you know, I'm just not into self mutilation and I just Sure. I um Yeah, lots of cooking shows. Oh, good. Great British Bake Off and stuff like that. Kitchen is one of my favorites. Amazing. Yeah, sure. Yeah. Yeah. The Yeah. Well, um one question on everyone's mind right now. Uh how's Doug? A he's really well done well. He's back practicing law and he's really he's great. He's I He's great. And thank you for asking. He said he's back practicing law. For a second I thought you said he's backpacking. Oh well, he's in the Himalayas. He hasn't turned on the news yet either. Yeah. Um so the election uh ended. Um, one of the challenges for you I thought of back last year or actually gosh it's still this year. I can't believe it's still this year. It seems like this thing we're going through right now is has been going on forever. But one of the things I I thought of after the election and and before January 20th is that you were still the vice president, right? And you you had to be there on January 6, 2025 and and count out those electoral ballots and certified. First of all, thank you for doing your constitutional duty without any question. And I'm just curious. I'm just curious at any point as you're counting to go, anybody want to storm the capital? Anybody? Nobody wants to. But, you know, but in all seriousness, Stephen, I I was fully aware of what that moment required, not just of me, but of our country. And um I talk about it in the book that was it was a difficult day to be sure and you know I had been at the capital four years before because I was then vice president-elect and I was a United States senator. So what I talk about in the book is that drive to the capital and remembering four years before and what Mike Pence did and what our constitution requires and um and the importance of fulfilling those responsibilities. It was a difficult day because it brought up it conjured a lot in terms of what that exact day was, what that day has meant in the history of our country, the recent history of our country. Did you talk to Pence about that at all by any chance? I did not. I but I've I've been very happy to compliment him as often as I can for having the courage to do what he did. Well, you you announced uh yesterday you made an announcement that you're not running for the governor of California. Correct. Even though in early polling you beat every other candidate by double digits. You said you're going to sit this one out. Why are you sitting this one out? Are you saving yourself for a different office? That might be no no that's that's what everybody obviously I know but but honestly obviously people project on to you their hopes and honestly that it's it's more perhaps basic than that I um listen I am a devout public servant I have spent my entire career in um service of the people and um I thought a lot about running for governor I love my state I love California I've served served as elected district attorney, attorney general, and senator. But to be very candid with you, I um you know, when I was a young young in my career, I had to defend my decision to become a prosecutor with my family. And one of the points that I made is why is it then when we think we want to improve a system or change it that we're always on the outside on bended knee or trying to break down the door? Shouldn't we also be inside the system? And that has been my career. And um recently I made the decision that I just for now I don't want to go back in the system. I think it's broken. I think it's there's so much I mean there are so many good people who are public servants who do such good work. teachers and firefighters and police officers and nurses and scientists scientists. Um, and so it's not about them, but you know, I believe and I always believed that as fragile as our democracy is, our systems would be strong enough to defend our most fundamental principles. And I think right now that um they're not as strong as they need to be. And I just don't want to for now I don't want to go back in the system. I want to I want to travel the country. I want to listen to people. I want to talk with people. And I don't want it to be transactional where I'm asking for their vote. Well, I gotta say I gotta say I want to I want to I want to talk about the book, but just to go back to what you just said is that I have to say as someone who is very qualified for the presidency, a senator, attorney general of California, a vice president of the United States, and then and then uh a very hopeful and dynamic presidential candidate for the 107 days that you had to run. To hear you say that it's broken, to hear you say that our systems aren't strong enough is harrowing. Well, but it's also evident, isn't it? No. And it is. It is harrowing. I mean, and it is. I mean, there's there there there's there's almost no uh word bad, but it doesn't mean we give up. That's not my point. Okay. Cuz that's what I'm I'm hearing like you don't want to be part of the fight anymore. No. Oh, absolutely not. I am always going to be part of the fight. That is not going to change. I am absolutely going to be part of the fight. But I think that we have to acknowledge and agree that I mean look the power is with the people that is that has always been the the the ideal and and or I say the strength of our nation of America that we believe fundamentally the power is with the people. We the people and we the people. And I believe right now that it is important to do what I can do from the positions that I have held and what I have seen about the world in our country to get out there and remind everyone who needs reminding right now of their power. It is our government. It is our country. And it is important I think that in in this moment where people have become so deflated and despondent and afraid and afraid yes that those of us who have the ability which I do right now not being in an office where I'm campaigning for that office to be out there and to talk with folks and remind them of their power and and their importance in making a difference. Well, one of the things I mean I just I just want to put a fine point on this. You can never let anybody take your power from you. You can never let anybody take your power from you. And and and that's what I think for me that's what I'd like to remind folks of. Well, um in in the other big news that uh as I said, you you've written a book 107 days. Um it's uh describes the number of days that were in your campaign, which as you said is the shortest uh presidential campaign of all time. Yeah. Um books after an election can tell a variety of of stories. They can be like an audit of what happened, a guides for the future, gossipy tells. What what do you want people to take from the story that you have to tell of those 107 days? So, this book um is basically what I would offer as a behind thescenes um sharing of what it means to run for president. Um it was an intense experience um to run for president in a way that no one had run before. Well, to run for president period, but certainly in a way that no one had done before and in 107 days. I, you know, I talk about in the book, you know, there are there are some people who are born or grow up believing I'm going to be president. I want to be president. That wasn't me. I it was it wasn't I I knew I wanted to serve. I knew that. And um but I think there is something about it all that can feel very opaque. Like people feel like they they know, you know, there's these movies and these television shows, but what really is it like? And I and I hope by writing this book, one of the things that I do is help people see from the inside what it is in a way that they can see something about themselves that tells them, "Hey, I could do that." Or I have I have that instinct or I I have seen moments in my own life when I've had to deal with adversity or attacks or and then but I can still get up and go. Um I mean there's it's there's a lot of personal stuff in the book. I mean, poor Douggee. Yeah. You you tear blowing the lid off of Doug. What's going on? For example, my birthday's in October. The election's in November. You see where I'm going? Um, and Ducky kind of dropped the ball on my big birthday. He didn't get you anything. Oh, you have to read the book. Um, all right. Just tell me the page. Tell me the page. Well, I mean, obvious obviously people will be surprised. Uh, you people don't know what it's like to run for president. As you said, the way the way you ran was a very unique one, but so we'll be surprised. What surprised you about those 107 days? What did you not know about running for president? when you'd already run for a nomination and you'd already run alongside Joe Biden. What surprised you most about of what those 107 days took or needed of you? Well, one I mean just again to be very candid um my prayer every night was to ask God I hope I have done everything I could do today. Um, I was I was so conscious and aware of the short time that we had. And I mean, I would it drove it would sometimes drove drive my incredible team bananas because wherever I showed up in whatever town or city I was, the first thing I would do with the local leaders, be they elected community leaders, um, I'd ask them, "What more can we do?" And um and that's one of the things that it was just it was very intense. Um but let me also say what was incredibly beautiful was we would have these events where people who I'm sure had never been under the same roof with the people who were standing next to them all were under the same roof seeing themselves in each other. As I like to say, it's and it is aspirational, I think, but but very real seeing in the face of a stranger, a neighbor. And I saw that throughout our country, you know, diff I mean, just you name the whatever you're thinking of, the the race, the age, the gender, the whatever you're thinking about who our country is and all of them being together, seeing each other as fellow Americans and invested in a common goal. And that was really beautiful and very affirming. Very affirming. It's hard for us to remember now. I mean, just hearing you describe that reminds me of something that it's so easy to forget now because the national mood is so grim in many ways and people are so shocked by the abuses and the abhorrent corruption and the violence against neighbors here happening in the United States by our government um and the free reign being given by Congress and and the Supreme Court to this president that just less than a year ago things were very joyful. There was there was actually a lot of hope associated with your campaign and there was a lot there was a lot of uh promise that we might actually not only keep this absolute barbarian out of the White House. Yeah. But also we might actually make progress as a as a country with the the type of people that we wanted to see in office and a younger more vital Yeah. revived uh political consciousness in America. What do you think of when you look back at that that time and that feeling? What I look back at is, as I said, how people realized the commonality and the collective strength and our collective love of our country. We love our country. And the thing about that experience is exactly what propels me to think about this moment and the future and not look back too much, which is those same people. They're still here. They still know joy in their hearts. They still know how to have a sense of optimism and faith in in the future and and to believe and to fight for that. And that hasn't gone away. And I I just think it's really important that we never let a circumstance, situation, or person um defeat our spirit. You you can't let that happen. You can't give up your belief in what can be and what can be better. And in spite of, you know, I talked about it the day after the election, and again, I talk about in the book, that was a rough bleeping day for me. Um and And and it was important to me in my speech that I gave that day, the next day after the election, to remind people to not give up. I'm I am so aware of the joy that was there and the the hope and and the enthusiasm. And I just think that we have to remember it was not just a candidate that gave that. It came from the people who naturally have that. And we and this election cannot take that away. But let's be cleareyed about it, right? And and let's be cleareyed about what's going on. And that's why, you know, people are taken to the streets and people are organizing and people are talking with each other and they're talking about the issues and they're and and articulating what we know is wrong and what it should be. And so let's just not be defeated, right? Let's not be defeated. You the book the book also has it's going to have it has some photos that we haven't seen before. This is a photograph of you never before seen. It's the day that Joe Biden announced he'd withdrawn from the presidential race, which was uh July 21st, 2024. What's going on here with you? Is this is this where you're finding out? Are you being told that this was about to happen? So that day, July 21st, 2024, um was a Sunday and it was um my family was staying with us and including my baby nieces, my niec's children. I call them my baby nieces. And we had a really wonderful brunch. Again, I talk about what that day is, but um and then I get the call from Joe and immediately that's the dining room at the vice president's residence. And immediately my incredible team and I'm just my incredible team, they just people just started coming and we turned it into a war room and I made over a hundred calls that day. I rolled calls and that's me on a call. So you'll see my my phone is actually on my lap and um and you know I so I know I've been teased about this but I like these kinds of air earpods that have the the thing because I've served on the Senate Intelligence Committee. I have been in classified briefings and I'm telling you like don't be on the train using your earpods and thinking somebody can't listen to your conversation. I'm just telling you that's a little bit more secure. Um, so you roll those hundred calls. Yeah, you roll those 100 calls in just a couple of So, uh, President Biden says he's stepping out of the campaign uh in at what midafter afternoon, something like that. And half an hour later, he says he's endorsing you to take over. You're rolling up those cars. A couple days later, it kind of it's kind of all over but the shouting. Everybody can see that people are coalescing behind you. You have 107 days. What would you do differently looking back on it because you were in you were in a tough spot. Yeah, there are things I would do differently and um again read the book. I know. Read the book. We all We're all going to read the book. Did you do the audio book by the way? I'm going to do an audio book, too. Yes, I will. And um and I'll read it. I'll I'll record it. But um I just I mean the one thing I just have to say and I've mentored a lot of people over done that over my career. Um, none of us achieves any success, it's certainly for me, without having an incredible team. And um, one of the points that I hope I make often enough is I I was going through that 107 days. This is a personal and candid perspective from me about what that experience was. But I had a team many of people who have been with me for years who really were so invested and as I say there I mean who left it all on the field and I don't regret a day of that. You had a great team but you also had a a a friend uh a mentor someone you respected greatly in the office of the president who had just stepped away. What was that like when you saw Joe Biden walk on stage at that debate and it did it did not go well. Spoiler, it did not go well in that debate there. Therefore, you became the candidate. At what point in the say month uh that followed that did people start saying you might need to be prepared for this? Let me say something about Joe Biden. I have an incredible amount of respect for him and um I think that the way that we should be thinking about where we are right now is to remember that we had a president of the United States who believed in the rule of law, who believed in the importance of aspiring to have integrity and to do the work on behalf of the people. And that's where I'll leave that. I think those are that's a fine sentiment and all true. I'm just curious, did people say to you, you should be prepared for this? There were some who did, but I listen, it was it was Joe's decision and um and he made that decision. So then you you go to run for president yourself and people are asking you to separate yourself from Joe Biden. People are asking over and over again, I was one of them. What's different between you and Joe Biden? That must have been difficult because you have to differentiate yourself as a candidate and yet you respect this man who you're still working for at the same time. What was that like to navigate? I talk about that extensively in the book. No, no, it's in the chapter with Doug. No, it's it's because and I and I say that because you're raising something that you and I both know is requires a lot of a lot more time than we probably have right now to talk about. Are we in a hurry? Are we in a hurry, guys? Go ahead. Thanks everyone. Go ahead. Go ahead. Um it I feel very strongly that um it I mean it's an instinct of mine to be um someone who does not participate in piling on and I was not going to pile on and I just wasn't going to do that and there was a lot of piling on at that time and I wasn't going to participate in that. Well, one person you did pile on, I will always treasure your debate with Trump. That That was one of the greatest That was one of the greatest rhetorical performances I've ever seen. You smoked him like a ham. You warn I just want to remind everybody, you warned everyone about the the future under our present president. He said he would prosecute his political enemies. He would cut uh Medicaid, Medicare. You he would ignore court orders. He would alienate our allies. He would give massive tax cuts to the rich. And I know you're not here to say I told you so. But would you like to here? But but let me let me just say this. Um You are cor correct that I did predict a lot of it. But Stephen, what I did not predict was the capitulation. I didn't predict that. I didn't People would roll over for this president. I didn't I didn't see that. I didn't see that coming. Um I and perhaps it's naive of me someone who has seen a lot that most people haven't seen but I believed that on some level you know there are many there should be many who consider themselves to be guardians of our system and our democracy who just capitulated and um I didn't I didn't see that coming. Do do you think uh I mean you must have some still connection to what's going on in Washington. Do do you think that these people think that they can just ride out the storm and everything will be fine on the other side? I think there are some who do and I think that it is completely naive. I think there are a lot of people who are think they're riding out the storm as an excuse to be feckless and um and you know this is a time for people to you know I mean look we we designed our democracy with three independent co-equal branches of government. I mean, when you see that the president of the United States is trying to get rid of the Department of Education and Congress has the role and responsibility to stand in the way of that and they're just sitting on their hands and then they go on recess because they don't want to deal with transparency and the Supreme Court says and the Supreme Court says that he can ignore law that established it. Yeah, but the Supreme Court, we knew what they were doing. Remember, I talked about it in 107 days. I don't put that in the book, by the way. This is an exclusive about This is an exclusive for the Steven Cobear show, but that the the Supreme Court basically gave whoever would be president. When I was in the campaign, I talked immunity immunity. We we talked about that. So, this let we're not surprised what the Supreme Court is doing. And God thank those members of the court who write brilliant desense and remind us of what the democracy and the rule of law is supposed to be. You know, well, we thank you so much for being here. It's an honor to have you here to talk about the new book 107 days. Got to read the book to find out most of the answers tonight. But I got to ask you something before you go. You're no longer, you know, you're not running for office right now. you're stepping away from that life right now. Um, who's leading the Democratic Party? I'm just curious. There are lots of leaders and there's generally a leader of the Democratic Party, you know, like, oh, that's a leader Democratic party. Who comes to mind? I think there are a lot of I'm not going to go through names because then I'm going to leave somebody out and then I'm going to hear about it. But let me just let me say this. I I think it is a mistake for us who want to figure out how to get out and through this and get out of it to put it on the shoulders of any one person. It's really on all of our shoulders. It really is. Well, Madam Vice President, thank you so much for being here with you. The book is 107 days. It's available September 23rd. Vice President Kla Harris. Everybody right back with performance by Renee Rap. [Applause] [Music] [Applause]