Hi, Gary, how are you?

Good, you covered us very fairly. Appreciate it.

Well, it happened very quickly and I'm not sure I had any conscious thought other than to say that I had to let the people know because I knew they must have thought that it was a disaster. And I could tell by the -- it was like dead silence and everything. We had 55,000 people and it was dead silence. And so, you know, I assumed that they expected the worst.

And so I had to let them know, I was okay, which is what I did. That's why I tried to get up as quick as possible. They had a stretcher ready to go. I said no, thank you. I actually had a big argument with them. They wanted me on a stretcher and I said no, I'm not doing that.

Well, I like to think about it as little as possible to be honest. I don't like to think about it to change me. You know, because I could have changed a lot of people and I just don't Do you understand what I'm saying.

I don't want to think about it. It's like --

-- the power of positive thinking or the power of positive non-thinking, but so I don't -- I don't like dwelling on it because if I did it would be, you know, might be a life changing. I don't want it to have to be that. It was a crazy moment. You know, I went on to win the presidency. I don't know if that had anything to do with it to be honest, but -- but I went on to win the presidency.

We're having a great presidency.

Well, I think they think it's maybe not all luck. You know, it's like when you do it twice, it's a big difference. I also think that, you know, over the years they've gotten to know me. This is not an easy crowd to break into you understand. These are smart people heading up very, very successful, generally, countries.

You know, they're all Germany and France, Spain and, you know, big countries. And, you know, I've gotten to know them over the years and I think they've come to respect my -- respect me and my decision making.

Yeah, well, I think they're just trying to be nice.

Yeah, I thought I had a deal four times.

No. I'm not done but I'm disappointed in him, but I'm not done with him, but I'm disappointed in him. So we had a deal done four times and then you go home and you see just attacked a nursing home or something in Kyiv. I said what the hell was that all about?

I trust almost nobody to be honest with you.

Well, it's not a question of that. It's like, uh, I'm disappointed that this hasn't been done. The deal we made last week is amazing. The, you know, the 5 percent. Nobody thought that was possible and it amounts to over $1 trillion a year.

I think NATO is now becoming the opposite of that. I do think it was passed and it was very unfair because the United States paid for almost 100 percent of it, but now they're paying their own bills and I think that's much better.

I do. Yeah, I think collective defense is fine.

I do -- I do, I look forward to it.

Well, I think it's a great place. I have property there, you know, I own Turnberry.

I think that's right.

No, I think -- I think it's been on the sloppy side, but I think it's getting straightened out. I really like, uh, the prime minister a lot, even though he's a liberal, I think he's -- you know, he did a good trade deal with us, which a lot of companies, a lot of countries haven't been able to do.

No, I think let them go and have a good time. I don't want them to --

I think just I want to have a good time and respect King Charles, because he's a great gentleman.

Well, I didn't view it as anything. I -- look -- he's -- they're wrapped up with Canada. So what's he going to do? You know, He has no choice. But, uh, you know, we're -- we're negotiating with Canada right now and we'll see how that all works out. I think it's going to work out very well.

-- I do. I think, you know, one of the problems with NATO as I said, you know, we have to fight for them, but will they actually fight for us if we had a war and I'm not sure I can say it. But I will say this. I believe that the UK would fight with us. There's something about it, it's just been so many years and I really think the relationship is just a really great one.

I think that they would be with us, I'm not sure that a lot of the other countries would be, which is unfair because we pay far more than anybody else. There's a special relationship we have. Well, look, that's why I made a deal with them and I haven't made a deal. I mean, I've made some other deals, but for the most part in terms of your competitors and in terms of the European Union, I haven't made a deal.

But, uh, now the UK is -- is very special and it's been there for a long time. Yeah, they they, they have been a really true ally.

I think America -- I think America is now a great country and it was a dead country one years -- one year ago and that's been told to me by many leaders of the countries, you know?

Thank you, Gary. It's a great honor.