Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-leaked-transcript-turnbull-australia-january-28-2017

Malcolm Turnbull: Good evening.

Donald Trump: Mr. Prime Minister, how are you?

Malcolm Turnbull: I am doing very well.

Donald Trump: And I guess our friend Greg Norman, he is doing very well?

Malcolm Turnbull: He is a great mutual friend yes.

Donald Trump: Well you say hello to him. He is a very good friend. By the way thank you very much for taking the call.

Donald Trump: I really appreciate it. It is really nice.

Malcolm Turnbull: Thank you very much. Everything is going very well. I want to congratulate you and Mike Pence on being sworn in now.

Malcolm Turnbull: I have spoken to you both now as you know. I know we are both looking to make our relationship which is very strong and intimate, stronger than ever Ð which I believe we can do.

Donald Trump: Good.

Malcolm Turnbull: I believe you and I have similar backgrounds, unusual for politicians, more businessman but I look forward to working together.

Donald Trump: That is exactly right. We do have similar backgrounds and it seems to be working in this climate Ð it is a crazy climate. Let me tell you this, it is an evil time but it is a complex time because we do not have uniforms standing in front of us.

Donald Trump: Instead, we have people in disguise. It is brutal. This ISIS thing Ð it is something we are going to devote a lot of energy to it.

Donald Trump: I think we are going to be very successful.

Malcolm Turnbull: Absolutely. We have, as you know, taken a very strong line on national security and border protection here and when I was speaking with Jared Kushner just the other day and one of your immigration advisors in the White House we reflected on how our policies have helped to inform your approach. We are very much of the same mind.

Malcolm Turnbull: It is very interesting to know how you prioritize the minorities in your Executive Order. This is exactly what we have done with the program to bring in 12,000 Syrian refugees, 90% of which will be Christians. It will be quite deliberate and the position I have taken Ð I have been very open about it Ð is that it is a tragic fact of life that when the situation in the Middle East settles down Ð the people that are going to be most unlikely to have a continuing home are those Christian minorities.

Malcolm Turnbull: We have seen that in Iraq and so from our point of view, as a final destination for refugees, that is why we prioritize. It is not a sectarian thing. It is recognition of the practical political realities.

Malcolm Turnbull: We have a similar perspective in that respect.

Donald Trump: Do you know four years ago Malcom, I was with a man who does this for a living. He was telling me, before the migration, that if you were a Christian from Syria, you had no chance of coming to the United States. Zero.

Donald Trump: They were the ones being persecuted. When I say persecuted, I mean their heads were being chopped off. If you were a Muslim we have nothing against Muslims, but if you were a Muslim you were not persecuted at least to the extent Ð but if you were a Muslim from Syria that was the number one place to get into the United States from.

Donald Trump: That was the easiest thing. But if you were a Christian from Syria you have no chance of getting into the United States. I just thought it was an incredible statistic.

Donald Trump: Totally true Ð and you have seen the same thing. It is incredible.

Malcolm Turnbull: Well, yes. Mr. President, can I return to the issue of the resettlement agreement that we had with the Obama administration with respect to some people on Nauru and Manus Island.

Malcolm Turnbull: I have written to you about this and Mike Pence and General Flynn spoke with Julie Bishop and my National Security Advisor yesterday. This is a very big issue for us, particularly domestically, and I do understand you are inclined to a different point of view than the Vice President.

Donald Trump: Well, actually I just called for a total ban on Syria and from many different countries from where there is terror, and extreme vetting for everyone else Ð and somebody told me yesterday that close to 2,000 people are coming who are really probably troublesome. And I am saying, boy that will make us look awfully bad. Here I am calling for a ban where I am not letting anybody in and we take 2,000 people.

Donald Trump: Really it looks like 2,000 people that Australia does not want and I do not blame you by the way, but the United States has become like a dumping ground. You know Malcom, anybody that has a problem Ð you remember the Mariel boat lift, where Castro let everyone out of prison and Jimmy Carter accepted them with open arms. These were brutal people.

Donald Trump: Nobody said Castro was stupid, but now what are we talking about is 2,000 people that are actually imprisoned and that would actually come into the United States. I heard about this Ð I have to say I love Australia; I love the people of Australia. I have so many friends from Australia, but I said Ð geez that is a big ask, especially in light of the fact that we are so heavily in favor, not in favor, but we have no choice but to stop things.

Donald Trump: We have to stop. We have allowed so many people into our country that should not be here. We have our San BernardinoÕs, we have had the World Trade Center come down because of people that should not have been in our country, and now we are supposed to take 2,000.

Donald Trump: It sends such a bad signal. You have no idea. It is such a bad thing.

Malcolm Turnbull: Can you hear me out Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Yeah, go ahead.

Malcolm Turnbull: Yes, the agreement, which the Vice President just called the Foreign Minister about less than 24 hours ago and said your Administration would be continuing, does not require you to take 2,000 people. It does not require you to take any. It requires, in return, for us to do a number of things for the United States Ð this is a big deal, I think we should respect deals.

Donald Trump: Who made the deal? Obama?

Malcolm Turnbull: Yes, but let me describe what it is. I think it is quite consistent. I think you can comply with it.

Malcolm Turnbull: It is absolutely consistent with your Executive Order so please just hear me out. The obligation is for the United States to look and examine and take up to and only if they so choose Ð 1,250 to 2,000. Every individual is subject to your vetting.

Malcolm Turnbull: You can decide to take them or to not take them after vetting. You can decide to take 1,000 or 100. It is entirely up to you.

Malcolm Turnbull: The obligation is to only go through the process. So that is the first thing. Secondly, the people -- none of these people are from the conflict zone.

Malcolm Turnbull: They are basically economic refugees from Iran, Pakistan, and Afghanistan. That is the vast bulk of them. They have been under our supervision for over three years now and we know exactly everything about them.

Donald Trump: Why havenÕt you let them out? Why have you not let them into your society?

Malcolm Turnbull: Okay, I will explain why. It is not because they are bad people. It is because in order to stop people smugglers, we had to deprive them of the product.

Malcolm Turnbull: So we said if you try to come to Australia by boat, even if we think you are the best person in the world, even if you are a Noble [sic] Prize winning genius, we will not let you in. Because the problem with the people --

Donald Trump: That is a good idea. We should do that too. You are worse than I am.

Malcolm Turnbull: This is our experience.

Donald Trump: Because you do not want to destroy your country. Look at what has happened in Germany. Look at what is happening in these countries.

Donald Trump: These people are crazy to let this happen. I spoke to Merkel today, and believe me, she wishes she did not do it. Germany is a mess because of what happened.

Malcolm Turnbull: I agree with you, letting one million Syrians walk into their country. It was one of the big factors in the Brexit vote, frankly.

Donald Trump: Well, there could be two million people coming in Germany. Two million people. Can you believe it? It will never be the same.

Malcolm Turnbull: I stood up at the UN in September and set up what our immigration policy was. I said that you cannot maintain popular support for immigration policy, multiculturalism, unless you can control your borders. The bottom line is that we got here.

Malcolm Turnbull: I am asking you as a very good friend. This is a big deal. It is really, really important to us that we maintain it.

Malcolm Turnbull: It does not oblige you to take one person that you do not want. As I have said, your homeland officials have visited and they have already interviewed these people. You can decide.

Malcolm Turnbull: It is at your discretion. So you have the wording in the Executive Order that enables the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Secretary of State to admit people on a case by case basis in order to conform with an existing agreement. I do believe that you will never find a better friend to the United States than Australia.

Malcolm Turnbull: I say this to you sincerely that it is in the mutual interest of the United States to say, Òyes, we can conform with that deal Ð we are not obliged to take anybody we do not want, we will go through extreme vettingÓ and that way you are seen to show the respect that a trusted ally wants and deserves. We will then hold up our end of the bargain by taking in our country 31 [inaudible] that you need to move on from.

Donald Trump: Malcom [sic], why is this so important? I do not understand. This is going to kill me. I am the worldÕs greatest person that does not want to let people into the country.

Donald Trump: And now I am agreeing to take 2,000 people and I agree I can vet them, but that puts me in a bad position. It makes me look so bad and I have only been here a week.

Malcolm Turnbull: With great respect, that is not right Ð It is not 2,000.

Donald Trump: Well, it is close. I have also heard like 5,000 as well.

Malcolm Turnbull: The given number in the agreement is 1,250 and it is entirely a matter of your vetting. I think that what you could say is that the Australian government is consistent with the principles set out in the Executive Order.

Donald Trump: No, I do not want say that. I will just have to say that unfortunately I will have to live with what was said by Obama. I will say I hate it.

Donald Trump: Look, I spoke to Putin, Merkel, Abe of Japan, to France today, and this was my most unpleasant call because I will be honest with you. I hate taking these people. I guarantee you they are bad.

Donald Trump: That is why they are in prison right now. They are not going to be wonderful people who go on to work for the local milk people.

Malcolm Turnbull: I would not be so sure about that. They are basically --

Donald Trump: Well, maybe you should let them out of prison. I am doing this because Obama made a bad deal. I am not doing this because it fits into my Executive Order.

Donald Trump: I am taking 2,000 people from Australia who are in prison and the day before I signed an Executive Order saying that we are not taking anybody in. We are not taking anybody in, those days are over.

Malcolm Turnbull: But can I say to you, there is nothing more important in business or politics than a deal is a deal. Look, you and I have a lot of mutual friends.

Donald Trump: Look, I do not know how you got them to sign a deal like this, but that is how they lost the election. They said I had no way to 270 and I got 306. That is why they lost the election, because of stupid deals like this.

Donald Trump: You have brokered many a stupid deal in business and I respect you, but I guarantee that you broke many a stupid deal. This is a stupid deal. This deal will make me look terrible.

Malcolm Turnbull: Mr. President, I think this will make you look like a man who stands by the commitments of the United States. It shows that you are a committed --

Donald Trump: Okay, this shows me to be a dope. I am not like this but, if I have to do it, I will do it but I do not like this at all. I will be honest with you.

Donald Trump: Not even a little bit. I think it is ridiculous and Obama should have never signed it. The only reason I will take them is because I have to honor a deal signed by my predecessor and it was a rotten deal.

Donald Trump: I say that it was a stupid deal like all the other deals that this country signed. You have to see what I am doing. I am unlocking deals that were made by people, these people were incompetent.

Donald Trump: I am not going to say that it fits within the realm of my Executive Order. We are going to allow 2,000 prisoners to come into our country and it is within the realm of my Executive Order? If that is the case my Executive Order does not mean anything Malcom [sic]. I look like a dope.

Donald Trump: The only way that I can do this is to say that my predecessor made a deal and I have no option then to honor the deal. I hate having to do it, but I am still going to vet them very closely. Suppose I vet them closely and I do not take any?

Malcolm Turnbull: That is the point I have been trying to make.

Donald Trump: How does that help you?

Malcolm Turnbull: Well, we assume that we will act in good faith.

Donald Trump: Does anybody know who these people are? Who are they? Where do they come from? Are they going to become the Boston bomber in five years? Or two years? Who are these people?

Malcolm Turnbull: Let me explain. We know exactly who they are. They have been on Nauru or Manus for over three years and the only reason we cannot let them into Australia is because of our commitment to not allow people to come by boat.

Malcolm Turnbull: Otherwise we would have let them in. If they had arrived by airplane and with a tourist visa then they would be here.

Donald Trump: Malcom [sic], but they are arrived on a boat?

Malcolm Turnbull: Correct, we have stopped the boats.

Donald Trump: Give them to the United States. We are like a dumping ground for the rest of the world. I have been here for a period of time, I just want this to stop.

Donald Trump: I look so foolish doing this. It [sic] know it is good for you but it is bad for me. It is horrible for me.

Donald Trump: This is what I am trying to stop. I do not want to have more San BernardinoÕs or World Trade Centers. I could name 30 others, but I do not have enough time.

Malcolm Turnbull: These guys are not in that league. They are economic refugees.

Donald Trump: Okay, good. Can Australia give me a guarantee that if we have any problems Ð you know that is what they said about the Boston bombers. They said they were wonderful young men.

Malcolm Turnbull: They were Russians. They were not from any of these countries.

Donald Trump: They were from wherever they were.

Malcolm Turnbull: Please, if we can agree to stick to the deal, you have complete discretion in terms of a security assessment. The numbers are not 2,000 but 1,250 to start. Basically, we are taking people from the previous administration that they were very keen on getting out of the United States.

Malcolm Turnbull: We will take more. We will take anyone that you want us to take. The only people that we do not take are people who come by boat.

Malcolm Turnbull: So we would rather take a not very attractive guy that help you out then to take a Noble [sic] Peace Prize winner that comes by boat. That is the point.

Donald Trump: What is the thing with boats? Why do you discriminate against boats? No, I know, they come from certain regions. I get it.

Malcolm Turnbull: No, let me explain why. The problem with the boats it that you are basically outsourcing your immigration program to people smugglers and also you get thousands of people drowning at sea. So what we say is, we will decide which people get to come to Australia who are refugees, economic migrants, businessmen, whatever.

Malcolm Turnbull: We decide. That is our decision. We are a generous multicultural immigration nation like the United States but the government decides, the peopleÕs representatives decides.

Malcolm Turnbull: So that is the point. I am a highly transactional businessman like you and I know the deal has to work for both sides. Now Obama thought this deal worked for him and he drove a hard bargain with us Ð that it was agreed with Obama more than a year ago in the Oval Office, long before the election.

Malcolm Turnbull: The principles of the deal were agreed to.

Donald Trump: I do not know what he got out of it. We never get anything out of it Ð START Treaty, the Iran deal. I do not know where they find these people to make these stupid deals.

Donald Trump: I am going to get killed on this thing.

Malcolm Turnbull: You will not.

Donald Trump: Yes, I will be seen as a weak and ineffective leader in my first week by these people. This is a killer.

Malcolm Turnbull: You can certainly say that it was not a deal that you would have done, but you are going to stick with it.

Donald Trump: I have no choice to say that about it. Malcom [sic], I am going to say that I have no choice but to honor my predecessorÕs deal. I think it is a horrible deal, a disgusting deal that I would have never made.

Donald Trump: It is an embarrassment to the United States of America and you can say it just the way I said it. I will say it just that way. As far as I am concerned that is enough Malcom [sic].

Donald Trump: I have had it. I have been making these calls all day and this is the most unpleasant call all day. Putin was a pleasant call.

Donald Trump: This is ridiculous.

Malcolm Turnbull: Do you want to talk about Syria and DPRK?

Donald Trump: [inaudible] this is crazy.

Malcolm Turnbull: Thank you for your commitment. It is very important to us.

Donald Trump: It is important to you and it is embarrassing to me. It is an embarrassment to me, but at least I got you off the hook. So you put me back on the hook.

Malcolm Turnbull: You can count on me. I will be there again and again.

Donald Trump: I hope so. Okay, thank you Malcolm.

Malcolm Turnbull: Okay, thank you.