Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-transcript-rodrigo-duterte-philipppines-april-29-2017

Rodrigo Duterte: This is [Rodrigo Duterte] speaking. Yes, speaking.

Unidentified: Yes, sir, just one moment for President Trump please.

Rodrigo Duterte: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Mr. President.

Rodrigo Duterte: President Trump, thank you for calling, and good evening, it's night over here.

Donald Trump: Okay I hope its not too late? It's okay isn't it?

Rodrigo Duterte: No, its' okay. We are just having dinner with some of the members of ASEAN.

Donald Trump: Oh ok good, because [I] know you don't sleep much, you're just like me. You are not a person who goes to bed at all, I know that, right?

Rodrigo Duterte: Yes, ou are right Mr. President.

Donald Trump: I just wanted to congratulate you because I am hearing of the unbelievable job on the drug problem. Many countries have the problem, we have a problem, but what a great you are doing and  Ijust wanted to call and tell you that.

Rodrigo Duterte: Thank you, Mr. President. This is the scourge of my nation now, and I have to do something to preserve the Filipino nation.

Donald Trump: I understand that and fully understand that and I think we had a previous President who did not understand that, but I understand that and we have spoken about this before.

Rodrigo Duterte: Yes I know that. Thank you. Yes.

Donald Trump: So how is everyone doing, how is the Philippines doing?

Rodrigo Duterte: We are doing fine Mr. President, but in the ASEAN summit every member state was really nervous about situation in [the] Korean peninsula, but we would like to tell you that we support you and keep on the pressure, because as long as those rockets and warheads are in the hands of Kim Jong U,n we will never be safe as there's not telling what will happen next.

Donald Trump: What's your opinion of him, Rodrigo? Are we dealing with someone who stable or not stable?

Rodrigo Duterte: He is not stable, Mr President, as he keeps smiling when he explodes a rocket. He even has gone against China, the last country he should rebuke. But it seems from his face he is laughing always, and there's as dangerous toy in his hands which could create so much agony and suffering for all mankind.

Donald Trump: Well, he has got the powder but he doesn't have the delivery system. All his rockets are crashing. That's the good news. But eventually when he gets that delivery system... what do you think about China? Does China have power over him?

Rodrigo Duterte: Yes, at the of the day, the last card, the ace has to be with China. It's only Chin . He is playing with his bombs, his toys and from the looks of it, his mind is not working well and he might just go crazy one moment. China should make a last ditch effort to tell him to lay off. China will play a very important role there.

Donald Trump: We have a lot of firepower over there. We have two submarines -- the best in the world -- we have two nuclear submarines -- not that we want to use them at all. I've never seen anything like they are, but we don't have to use this, but he could be crazy, so we will see what happens.

Rodrigo Duterte: Every generation has a mad man -- in our generation is Kim Jong Un -- you are dealing with a very delicate problem.

Donald Trump: We can handle it.

Rodrigo Duterte: But you can keep the pressure on him.

Donald Trump: I hope China solves the problem. They really have the means because a great degree of their stuff come through China. They are dorng certain things, like not accepting calls. But if China doesn't do it, we will do it.

Rodrigo Duterte: I will try to make a call to President Xi Jinping, and I will try to tell him that if we will remain to be peaceful, China has the card. The other option is a nuclear blast, which is not good for everybody.

Donald Trump: You can tell him I am counting on him. I have a very good relationship with him. I had him in Florida for two days and got to know him well. He is a good guy.

Rodrigo Duterte: I will do that. I will call his Ambassador here and will make an appointment to call him. It will be good if can keep on the pressure on Kim, but actually we are all worried as we are within the striking distance of his rockets. We are all afraid.

Donald Trump: We can't let a madman with nuclear weapons let on the loose like that. We have a lot of firepower, more than he has, times 20 but we don't want to use it. You will be in good shape.

Rodrigo Duterte: We believe it, we know it all along. I will try to make a call tomorrow to China.

Donald Trump: Please call China and tell them we are all counting on China. Tell the President -- we became friends for two days -- he was great. On another subject, I am coming to see you I guess sometime.

Rodrigo Duterte: November hopefully, we will be happy to see you.

Donald Trump: Thank you Mr. President. You are a good man. Yes, certainly in November. Welcome and thank you and we will be happy to see you, Rodrigo. I look forward to seeing you. If you want to come to the Oval Office, I will love to have you in the Oval Office. Anytime you want to, come. I will be in the Philippines in November, but anytime if you are in DC, come see me in the Oval Office. Work it out with your staff. Seriously, if you want me over, just let us know. Just take care of yourself, and we will take care of North Korea. Keep up good work, you are doing an amazing job. Say hello to people of the Philippines for me.

Rodrigo Duterte: They know that you are calling. It is the last day of the ASEAN Summit and everyone was asking. Sultan Bolkiah just left,vbut I will tell remaining guys here what you to me. We are all for peace, there's no secret about that.

Donald Trump: Good. Take care of yourself, come see me before November, you are invited anytime.

Rodrigo Duterte: I will do that Mr. President. Thank you for the concern. God bless you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Take care of yourself, Rodrigo. God bless you.