Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-vlog-new-year-detailed-message-december-31-2018

Donald Trump: I'm standing at the Colonnade of the White House, right next to the Oval Office, and I just want to wish you a very, very Happy New Year. It's going to be a great year. Complicated, but great. People make it overly complicated, actually. But I will tell you: there has never been an administration -- and I'm very proud of this -- that's done more than the Trump administration in the first two years of office.

Donald Trump: Our economy is doing great. Wages are rising for the first time in many, many years. People are getting more money. They're working one job instead of two or three. Also, we're working on new trade deals. We made a deal with Mexico. We made a deal with Canada. We made that deal with South Korea. Everybody said that couldn't happen. We terminated the horrible, one-sided Iran nuclear deal.

Donald Trump: Then you look at North Korea. We're doing really well. Rockets aren't being fired, Missiles aren't being fired. We're in no rush. We moved our embassy to Jerusalem in Israel. I promised it, and I did it. We're doing so well, as a country. We need, however, borders. You don't have borders, you don't have a country.

Donald Trump: We don't want drug traffickers, or human traffickers, or illegal people with criminal records, to come in. Our Border Patrol, our ICE agents, our military -- we've done great. But you can never do it perfectly unless you have a wall.

Donald Trump: So we have to have a wall as part of border security, and we're working on it. We've had a great two years, I'm working hard for you. I'm fighting for you. We're gonna win. We're gonna win all the way. We're gonna win at everything we do.

Donald Trump: So, Happy New Year, and let's enjoy the next year, and then we're going to enjoy the following year, and then we have four more, and everything is going to be so beautiful. Thank you very much. Have a fantastic new year.