Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-vlog-joe-biden-family-october-27-2020

Donald Trump: I really don't want to be talking about an opponent in a negative way. Hard to believe. It's me talking, but that's true. But Joe Biden and the whole family, there's such corruption. It's so obvious. He would go to a place, whether it's China or Ukraine, or any place -- Russia. You take a look at what he's done, and his son was like a human vacuum cleaner.

Donald Trump: They take out millions and millions and millions of dollars, and in some cases, it was like immediate, and in some cases Joe was Vice President -- in many cases -- when this was all happening. The son had nothing. Didn't do well. Wasn't successful, and for that I feel very badly, and I don't even want to mention it, actually.

Donald Trump: But as soon as Joe became Vice President, all of a sudden, this money started flowing into the family, and it's no good, and whether something happens as to it or not, I don't know. That's not up to me. But you know what? The voter has to know. The voter has to know that a man who was Vice President was funneling tens of millions of dollars to his family.

Donald Trump: Somebody should know this, and you can make your decision, and maybe you'll vote for him, and maybe you won't. But it should really play a part in your decision. You become Vice President of the United States, and your family becomes super wealthy, immediately. Immediately. I guarantee you this: Mike Pence, our Vice President, our great Vice President, never did that.

Donald Trump: It's a whole different world,. Joe Biden, whether you call him a corrupt politician, or whatever you want to call him, there's a very, very serious thing and everybody is talking about it, although the media and big tech is trying to keep it quiet. But I only say this: you have to make your decision. I don't know what's going to happen, but this is corruption at the highest level.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Go to the voting booth, and vote early and in-person. Don't let them take your vote away. The most important election we've ever had. Thank you. Drain the swamp -- and that's what we're doing. Now when I said it, it sounded very easy, and it was going to happen real fast. I didn't know the swamp was this dirty and this deep.

Donald Trump: I didn't know about the swamp creatures being as bad as they are. They're bad, but nobody can believe what we've been able to do, and I don't really believe anybody else could have done it. Drain the swamp. We're not finished yet, but we're getting really close. Give us four more years. Go out and vote. The most important election of a lifetime may be the most important election ever in our country.

Donald Trump: Go out and vote. Thank you very much. Go to the voting booth, and vote early and in-person. Don't let them take your vote away. The most important election we've ever had. Thank you.