Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-vlog-military-october-8-2020

Donald Trump: We've spent $2.5 trillion over the term in office, my term. That's over three and a half years. Two point -- think of that -- 2.5 trillion. I took over a depleted military: old equipment, broken equipment. Even in the Army, all brand new uniforms with the belt everybody wanted the belt. But we spent $2.5 trillion, we got everybody pay increases, three of them.

Donald Trump: There's never seen anything like what I've done for the military. As far as the V.A. is concerned, what we've done there, with Choice and Accountability? The V.A. would be treating people badly. We couldn't do anything about the people that were treating our great soldiers, our great heroes badly. Now, you fire them right away, because of Accountability.

Donald Trump: For 45 years, they were trying to get that. For more than 45 years, they were trying to get Choice. Obama gave you a weak version that didn't work. It was a joke. I gave you the Mission Act, which is phenomenal, and it's worked out fantastically well, and we now had a 91% approval rating from the vets, our great vets, our great heroes.

Donald Trump: So I just want to tell you: we have your back. Our military has never been stronger. It's never been better. We've never had equipment like we have right now. We have brand new tanks and planes, F-35s, all of the best of everything. Nobody thought it was possible. I just want to thank a lot of the Republican Senators, 'cause getting it from the Democrats is like pulling teeth. But the Republican senate, Senator Inhofe, and so many others, they've been fantastic. So I just want to thank them very much.

Donald Trump: But our military has never been in stronger shape, whether it's a rockets or missiles or anything you can name. We're building a lot of ships right now. We're getting our Navy back to where it should be. Everything that you can name is now under development or already developed and sent.

Donald Trump: Many, many planes are coming. They've, been ordered. They're being built. They're coming. Jet fighters, bombers, tankers. So for our military, I just want to let you know: there's never been a President that has your back like I do.