Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-vlog-the-border-wall-november-2-2020

Donald Trump: This is a very big day for me, because I've worked very hard on it. I've had to fight everybody -- the Democrats. I've had to fight even people that you thought were on our side that really weren't. I've had to fight everybody. But today we completed 400 miles of border wall on our southern border. Our numbers are the best they've ever been.

Donald Trump: We've never had better numbers. People are coming into our country, but they're coming in legally. We got rid of catch and release and a lot of other things that was so ridiculous. You catch somebody, and then you release them into our country, and it wasn't so easy to get rid of. But this is over four hundred miles, and this is the wall that the Border Patrol wanted.

Donald Trump: This was their wish list. I gave them a wish list. How do you want it? Do you want it steel? You want it concrete? This is exactly what they wanted. They had to see through to the other side, which makes sense. They wanted steel and concrete, which makes sense. It's steel. It's concrete. It's 30 feet high and it goes down deep for tunneling purposes, and it's equipped with all sorts of wires for drones and many other things.

Donald Trump: So, this is a big day. Over four hundred miles, and will soon be finished with the wall, and it's made some big difference. Thank you very much. And despite the tremendous building success of the wall -- and we've done it fast, despite all of this opposition -- we've won court cases, everything -- despite that, Joe Biden wants to take it down.

Donald Trump: It's had tremendous success already. Every place where it is, people just don't get through. Joe Biden wants to take it down. The Democrats want to take it down. They want to have open borders. People will pour in like they have been for years, just pour inb. They can be criminals. They could be murderers.

Donald Trump: They can be rapists, drug addicts. They can be drug dealers. They want to pour in. They want to have open borders, and Joe Biden has said he wants to take the wall down. I don't even believe it. I don't even believe it. Don't let it happen. Go out and vote. Joe Biden cares more about illegal immigrants, people that come into our country illegally, than he does about the American citizen.

Donald Trump: Than he does about our seniors. It's absolutely crazy, and we can't let this happen. We can't let this ideology take hold. Go out and vote, go to the voting booth and vote early and in person. Don't let them take your vote away the most important election we've ever had. Thank you.