Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-vlog-coronavirus-vaccine-december-11-2020

Donald Trump: I have really good news. Today, our nation has achieved a medical miracle. We have delivered a safe and effective vaccine in just nine months. This is one of the greatest scientific accomplishments in history. It will save millions of lives, and soon end the pandemic once and for all. I am thrilled to report that the FDA has authorized the Pfizer vaccine.

Donald Trump: We have given Pfizer -- and other companies -- a great deal of money, hoping this would be the outcome, and it was. On behalf of the American people, I'd like to thank all of the brilliant scientists, technicians, doctors, and workers who made this all possible. Pfizer and Moderna have announced their vaccine is approximately 95 percent effective, far exceeding expectations.

Donald Trump: These vaccines are also very safe. American citizens participated in clinical trials that were far larger than normal, and had no serious side effects. The dedicated and independent experts at the FDA meticulously studied the results of the trials, and it has now passed the gold standard of safety.

Donald Trump: Through Operation Warp Speed, my administration provided a total of $14 billion to accelerate vaccine development and to manufacture all of the top candidates in advance. This included a nearly $2 billion investment in Pfizer to produce 100 million doses of the vaccine, with an option to produce 500 million additional doses, and I'm proud to say that we have made sure that this vaccine will be free for all Americans.

Donald Trump: Through our partnership with FedEx and UPS, we have already begun shipping the vaccine to every state and zip code in the country. The first vaccine will be administered in less than 24 hours. The governors decide where the vaccines will go in their state, and who will get them first. We want our senior citizens, health care workers, and first responders to be first in line. This will quickly and dramatically reduce deaths and hospitalizations.

Donald Trump: When the China virus invaded our shores, I promised that we would produce a vaccine in record time before the end of the year. They said it couldn't be done, but with today's announcement, we have now achieved that goal. The United States is the first nation in the world to produce a verifiably safe and effective vaccine.

Donald Trump: Today's achievement is a reminder of America's unlimited potential when we have the will, and the courage, to pursue ambitious goals. As I've said from the beginning, a vaccine will vanquish the virus and return life back to normal. The pandemic may have begun in China, but we are ending it right here in America.

Donald Trump: Operation Warp Speed is the greatest medical manufacturing endeavor in American history. We are deeply grateful to every person who has worked round the clock on this monumental national project to save lives. Thank you all for your tremendous gifts to humanity. God bless you. God bless the United States of America, and God bless the world. Thank you.