Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-vlog-tax-return-leaks-december-23-2022

Donald Trump: Before stepping into the political arena to save our country, I spent my entire life building a truly great company. Over the years, I've employed thousands and thousands of people; I've built towering skyscrapers, standing tall above the greatest cities on the planet; and from New York to Miami, from Los Angeles to Chicago, from Ireland to Scotland, and from Dubai to Hawaii, all the way to the Las Vegas Strip, I have created magnificent properties in some of the most spectacular locations on Earth.

Donald Trump: In short, I have achieved the American dream beyond all imagination. Most politicians only know how to kill jobs. I have actually created them but by the thousands. While others use public office to enrich themselves, I left an amazing life behind to go and fight for the American people, and I'm glad I did it. It hasn't been easy, but I'm glad I did it. Sadly and pathetically, for the past six years, the radical Democrats and the fake news media have been trying to deceive the public about these simple facts.

Donald Trump: Now, in an outrageous abuse of power, the radical Democrat Congress illegally obtained and leaked my personal tax returns, which show only that I've had tremendous success. It's been an amazing period of time. The seizure of these confidential records was completely unconstitutional. There is no legitimate legislative purpose for their action.

Donald Trump: And if you look at what they've done, it's so sad for our country. It's nothing but another deranged political witch hunt, which has been going on from the day I came down the escalator in Trump Tower. Although these tax returns contain relatively little information and not information that almost anybody would understand, they're extremely complex, the radical Democrats' behavior is a shame upon the US Congress.

Donald Trump: This precedent must now be applied to the corrupt Democrats themselves. The new Republican House should immediately obtain the financial records of Joe Biden and his entire criminal enterprise because that's exactly what it is. Biden is a corrupt politician who spent years selling out America all over the world, including to Communist China.

Donald Trump: Just take a look at his accounts, take a look at all of his homes, and take a look at what his son Hunter has contributed to the family. The American public deserves to know the truth. We should also get to the bottom line on how Biden on a salary of a US senator was able to buy one mansion after another, all these different locations.

Donald Trump: When I'm president, we will expose the Washington cartel and we will make America great again.