Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-vlog-reciprocal-trade-act---agenda47-june-21-2023

Donald Trump: Joe Biden has run up record trade deficits, also known as losses, higher than any president in history by far. These gaping wounds are costing our country countless jobs and trillions and trillions of dollars in wealth. One of my top economic priorities will be to stem this bleeding and put American workers on a level playing field.

Donald Trump: It's about time. And I must say I did it three years ago, and they were doing great, but that's been blown out the window by the Biden administration. But to that end, I will pass landmark legislation that will be known as the Trump Reciprocal Trade Act. If India, China, or any other country hits us with a 100 or 200 percent tariff on American-made goods, we will hit them with the same exact tariff.

Donald Trump: In other words, 100 percent is 100 percent. If they charge us, we charge them an eye for an eye, a tariff for a tariff, same exact amount. One thing is going to happen. Probably, they drop the tariff, but if they don't, that's OK. We'll take in plenty of money. Under the Trump Reciprocal Trade Act, other countries will have two choices.

Donald Trump: They will get rid of their tariffs on us or they will pay us hundreds of billions of dollars, and the United States will make an absolute fortune. There will be no more unilateral economic surrender like we've done for many, many decades. This will especially help our great farmers in Iowa and other agricultural states.

Donald Trump: And it will help our manufacturers all across the nation. We will be knocking down barriers to American farm products, American dairy products, steel, just about everything you can think of. From all around the world, they take advantage of us, but no more. We must have fairness and reciprocity. That's the word, reciprocity.

Donald Trump: They do it to us; we do it to them. This will be a key part of our strategy: to return jobs and wealth to the United States and launch an economic boom that will lift up our middle class and eliminate our dependance on China and other countries. And it's something that has been waiting to happen for a long time.

Donald Trump: We have been the whipping post for everyone else. We have been a country that was disrespected on trade and, frankly, disrespected on just about everything. No more. The Trump Reciprocal Trade Act. Thank you.