Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-vlog-reducing-regulations-agenda47-april-14-2023

Donald Trump: Cutting wasteful and job-killing regulations was a key part of my America-first economic agenda that built the greatest economy in the history of the world. As I worked to quickly save America from Joe Biden's economic disaster, and that's what it is, one of the great economic disasters of all time, I will restore my famously successful executive order, requiring that for every one new regulation, two old regulations must be eliminated.

Donald Trump: And I will ask Congress to make it permanent. We will again implement a regulatory budget, putting a hard cap on the cost of regulations to the US economy instead of growing the size and scope of the federal government. Every single year, we've been doing that. We will shrink it every year with aggressive cost-reduction targets for each federal department.

Donald Trump: In addition, we will require that all agencies' regulatory guidance must be posted publicly in a central database, or else be rendered null and void. And many of them will, in fact, be null and void. This will effectively repeal a mountain of stealth regulations and threats that rogue bureaucrats have imposed without proper oversight.

Donald Trump: And I will sign a law to ban bureaucrats from taking any enforcement action based on informal guidance alone. For example, never again will bureaucrats be allowed to bully and pressure banks to choke off or financially de-platform politically disfavored industries. We're not going to let that happen. Next, I will bring the independent regulatory agencies, such as the FCC and the FTC, back under presidential authority as the Constitution demands.

Donald Trump: These agencies do not get to become a fourth branch of government, issuing rules and edicts all by themselves. And that's what they've been doing. I will require that they submit any regulations they are considering for White House review. In addition, we will create an ultra-streamlined federal regulatory framework, specifically for freedom cities, allowing them to be true frontiers for the return of US manufacturing, the invention of new industries, the rebirth of economic opportunity and safe and affordable living.

Donald Trump: Finally, I will require every federal employee to pass a new civil service test, demonstrating an understanding of our constitutional limited government. This will include command of due process rights, equal protection, free speech, religious liberty, federalism, the Fourth Amendment protections against unreasonable search and seizure -- I know all about that at Mar-a-Lago, don't I -- and all other constitutional limits on federal power.

Donald Trump: We will put unelected bureaucrats back in their place, liberate the US economy, and attract millions of jobs and trillions of dollars to our shores. Thank you very much.