Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-vlog-law-enforcement-january-26-2023

Donald Trump: In the middle of the city's bloodiest crime wave in decades, the left-wing lunatics on the Washington, DC City Council have passed a radical bill to throw open the jailhouse doors, set loose violent felons, and let criminals run wild. I just wonder, are they going to allow the patriots of January 6th to go or are they going to be the only ones in jail in Washington, DC? The bill is a horrific catalog of the sickest and most twisted ideas of the radical Democrats' defund the police crusade.

Donald Trump: And remember, for all of the police that are listening, they want to defund the police. That's where they started, and that's where they want to finish. It reduces penalties for carjackers. It lowers penalties for robberies. It slashes penalties for convicted felons committing gun crimes. It eliminates almost all mandatory minimum sentences.

Donald Trump: Murders in DC are up 63 percent year to date. Yet, the bill even makes murderers and rapists eligible for early release. But again, what about January 6th people? They're patriots in so many cases, and they're being destroyed by this system. It seeks to overwhelm the court system by dramatically expanding jury trials for simple misdemeanors so that criminals will not be charged for those offenses.

Donald Trump: It's a betrayal of our police, and it's a betrayal of our people. By virtue of the federal government's unique responsibility for the District of Columbia, Congress can vote to stop these deranged policies from going into law. Congress should immediately send a resolution to Joe Biden's desk rejecting this weak-on-crime agenda.

Donald Trump: Biden will then face the stark choice: Does he stand with murderers, rapists, and carjacker, and violent criminals or does he stand with the law-abiding citizens of our nation's capital? Biden must be forced to stop this bill or Washington, DC will become a hellscape of bloodshed, looting, trauma, and death, which it already is. Right now, the city has the worst record on crime and murder that it's ever had.

Donald Trump: It's through the roof. They want to make it much worse, and they'll do it if this passes. So, end it right now. Thank you.