Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-vlog-death-penalty-for-human-traffickers-agenda47-july-21-2023

Donald Trump: I was thrilled to host a screening at Bedminster of the important new film, "Sound of Freedom," about the power of faith in overcoming evil and, in particular, the evil of child trafficking. Big problem. We had it down to the lowest number in many years just four years ago. And now, it's gone through the roof.

Donald Trump: Even though the fake news media has tried to ignore it, "Sound of Freedom" has been a national sensation and a colossal success at the box office. Really big numbers. Everyone should see it. This is a very important film and very important movie, and it's a very important documentary, all wrapped up in one.

Donald Trump: It's really about an issue that has to be discussed. Under my leadership, we did more than any administration in history to combat human trafficking and to end modern-day slavery. In one of my first acts in office, I signed an executive order targeting transnational criminal organizations that traffic and exploit innocent people.

Donald Trump: I signed the Frederick Douglass Trafficking Victims Prevention and Protection Reauthorization Act, authorizing $430 million to fight sex and labor trafficking. I signed legislation to crack down on foreign countries who are not meeting standards for eliminating trafficking, of which there are many. I also signed into law the Abolish Human Trafficking Act, which strengthened programs, supporting survivors, and provided more resources for ending modern slavery.

Donald Trump: We do have modern slavery, if you can believe it. Additionally, I created the first-ever White House position focused solely on combating human trafficking. And perhaps, most importantly, we created the most secure border in US history by far, dealing a major blow to the cartels and traffickers. We built hundreds of miles of wall.

Donald Trump: We renovated hundreds of miles of wall. We never had anything like it. And then, I got Mexico, free of charge, to give us 28,000 soldiers to protect us from people coming into our country illegally. When I am back in the White House, I will immediately end the Biden border nightmare that traffickers are using to exploit vulnerable women and children.

Donald Trump: We will fully secure the border. I will wage war on the cartels, just as I destroyed the ISIS caliphate, 100 percent gone, 100 percent destroyed. They'll come back now because we have a weak administration. I will use Title 42 to end the child trafficking crisis by returning all trafficked children to their families in their home countries and without delay.

Donald Trump: And I will urge Congress to ensure that anyone caught trafficking children across our border receives the death penalty immediately. And that includes also for women because women, as you know, are No. 1 in trafficking. Children are actually No. 2. I want to thank Eduardo, Jim, Tim Ballard, and everyone else involved in this film for their incredible efforts and their great genius.

Donald Trump: Together, we will end the scourge of human trafficking, and we will defend the dignity of human life. Thank you very much.