Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-vlog-iowa-caucus-instructions-july-22-2023

Donald Trump: Hello, Iowa. Since we began this journey eight years ago, your great state has always held a very special place in my heart. As president, I defended Iowa ethanol like nobody else has ever done before, I fought for our farmers like nobody has ever done before, I ended NAFTA and replaced it with USMCA, greatest trade deal we've ever made in our country.

Donald Trump: NAFTA being the worst. I stood up to China like no president in history, taking in $28 billion for our farmers, straight out of the tariffs China was paying, and I protected Iowa's first-in-the-nation status. I was the one that got it for you and kept it for you, and I said I would. Now, it's time to finish the job of making America great again.

Donald Trump: On January 15, 2024, Iowans will come out to participate in the legendary Iowa precinct caucuses. So important for our country. I need all of my supporters to make sure you are registered Republicans in order to participate in this incredible Iowa tradition. Very important that you register Republican. The caucuses are one night only, just one night, turn around our country.

Donald Trump: An evening where you will gather with your friends, family, and neighbors at your precinct caucus location and cast your vote for, hopefully -- it's got to be or our country is not going to make it -- President Donald J. Trump. To take part in our campaign and for additional information about where you will caucus, I need you to sign up at ia.donaldjtrump.com.

Donald Trump: Once again, that's ia.donaldjtrump.com. It all starts in Iowa on January 15, 2024. We kept it there, first in the nation. With your help, we will evict Joe Biden, the most corrupt president we've ever had in history. In the history of our country, we've never had anybody so corrupt as this. But we're going to evict him from the White House, and we will take back our country.

Donald Trump: We will make America great again, and it all starts with Iowa. Thank you very much.