Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-vlog-government-corruption-january-25-2023

Donald Trump: The new House Committee on the weaponization of the federal government is a rare chance to expose the breathtaking corruption of the security state, the media, and the Washington swamp. Here are just a few of the questions the committee hopefully will be asking. Number one, who is on the Mueller witch hunt that investigated me and ordered dozens and dozens of cell phones to be wiped clear of all data after the phones were requested by the office of the inspector general, who, by the way, did a fantastic report on the corrupt FBI and the corrupt Comey and all of the -- rest of them?

Donald Trump: But they asked that all data on their phones, never done this before, be wiped off. In some cases, they said, "Oh, I'm sorry, it was a mistake." Can you imagine what we would have found with Page and Strzok, and all of them, all of them. Who in the Mueller team was in charge of leaking secret information and fake news stories to dishonest journalists, of which there are many, to perpetrate the Russia hoax?

Donald Trump: And that's what it was, turned out it was a total hoax. It was all misinformation. It was all a horrible thing that was given to the people of our country illegally by a fake press and a corrupt press and by corrupt politicians. Why did numerous FBI and CIA analysts go out and purchase professional liability insurance the day the fake Steele dossier was first published?

Donald Trump: Because they knew it was fake. And they knew that sometime, there'd be a guy like Trump that wants to go after them. How many fake news journalists have been paid or compensated by US government agencies, directly or indirectly, for their role in spreading domestic disinformation, like the FBI did with Twitter?

Donald Trump: Paid them $3,600,000 so far that we know of. The FBI paid, think of this, to Twitter over $3 million. And the purpose was to get it wrong to do bad things to our country. Who orchestrated the FBI's repeated operations to interfere in domestic politics in the final weeks of multiple US election seasons? And specifically and most importantly, in the presidential election of 2020, what the FBI did was suppress anything bad about Biden and go all out, put it all out there, if there was anything at all, bad about Trump.

Donald Trump: And if there wasn't anything bad, "We'll make it up." What that was is a rigged election just by itself. What was the role of federal agents and informants and pressing the crowd toward the Capitol on January 6th? And who is Ray Epps? Tell me about Ray Epps. Where does he come from? I think we know. In addition, the committee needs to do a full review of FISA warrants and any abuse of confidential government databases to conduct political spying on American citizens.

Donald Trump: They spied on American citizens illegally, and they got illegal approvals. The approvals were gotten by lying to judges. The judges should be very upset, but they don't seem to be. We should also get a full report on any domestic surveillance of MAGA supporters that has taken place under Biden or Obama and the radical left.

Donald Trump: Joe Biden is presiding over the most corrupt administration in American history. Their weaponization of law enforcement, intelligence agencies, and the deep state is very, in fact, deep-seated. It's the greatest threat to American freedom in generations as seen, and their collusion with the fake news media is absolutely atrocious.

Donald Trump: This committee is a vital chance to bring it all to light, begin to heal our divisions, and save our beloved country. I want to thank you for listening, but it's a big problem. We have to do something for it. I also want to pay my respect to James Comer and Jim Jordan for the incredible job they're doing, for the work they're doing, and for the love they have for our country.

Donald Trump: Thank you both.