Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-vlog-shifting-university-endowments-agenda47-november-9-2023

Donald Trump: In recent weeks, Americans have been horrified to see students and faculty at Harvard and other once-respected universities expressing support for the savages and jihadis who attacked Israel. We spend more money on higher education than any other country. And yet, they're turning our students into communists and terrorists and sympathizers of many, many different dimensions.

Donald Trump: We can't let this happen. It's time to offer something dramatically different. Under the plan I'm announcing today, we will take the billions and billions of dollars that we will collect by taxing, fining, and suing excessively large private university endowments and we will then use that money to endow a new institution called the American Academy.

Donald Trump: Its mission will be to make a truly world-class education available to every American, free of charge, and do it without adding a single dime to the federal debt. This institution will gather an entire universe of the highest quality educational content, covering the full spectrum of human knowledge and skills, and make that material available to every American citizen online for free.

Donald Trump: Whether you want lectures in ancient histories or an introduction to financial accounting or training in a skilled trade, the goal will be to deliver it and get it done properly. Using study groups, mentors, industry partnerships, and the latest breakthrough in computing, this will be a truly top-tier education option for the people.

Donald Trump: It will be strictly nonpolitical, and there will be no wokeness or jihadism allowed. None of that's going to be allowed. Most importantly, the American Academy will compete directly with the existing and very costly four-year university system by granting students degree credentials that the US government and all federal contractors will henceforth recognize.

Donald Trump: The academy will award the full and complete equivalent of a bachelor's degree. In addition, to help the 40 million Americans who have some college education but no degree, the American Academy will grant credit for past coursework at legacy institutions and give you the chance to complete your education at the American Academy for free and much more quickly than is now possible or available.

Donald Trump: This will be a revolution in higher education, and it will provide life-changing opportunities for tens of millions of our citizens. Enjoy it. Learn from it. And thank you.