Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-vlog-primary-update-march-13-2024

Donald Trump: Hello, everyone. It's your favorite president speaking to you on a really great day of victory. One week ago, we had something called Super Tuesday, and it was indeed super because we won at numbers that nobody has ever seen before, records in virtually every state. And tonight, likewise, but this one got us over the top.

Donald Trump: The Republican National Committee has just declared us the official nominee. And so, we're the official nominee of the Republican Party, which is a big deal. But most importantly, we now have to go on to victory because our country is in serious trouble. We have millions and millions of people flowing in. We have no respect on the world stage.

Donald Trump: What we say doesn't mean a thing anymore, and to have that happen is unthinkable. We have an economy that outside of certain little areas is doing very poorly, and we have something very, very important. We have a United States military that has to be taken care of. Again, this was a great day of victory.

Donald Trump: Last week was something very special, Super Tuesday, but now, we have to get back to work because we have the worst president in the history of our country. His name is Joe Biden, sometimes referred to as Crooked Joe Biden. And he must be defeated. Our nation is failing. We're a nation that is in serious decline.

Donald Trump: We've never had a situation like this where we're not respected, we're laughed at, we're considered almost a joke. We're going to turn it around. We're going to drill, baby, drill. We're going to close our borders. We're going to do things like nobody's ever seen before. And we're going to make our nation's economy be the best ever in the world.

Donald Trump: We had the best economy ever just a short while ago, and we're going to have that again. We're going to have people come into our country, but they're going to come in legally. and we're going to get your energy costs down by numbers that nobody would have said even possible. We have some sections of this country that are paying the highest numbers in the history of our country and among the most expensive energy anywhere in the world, and yet, we have more liquid gold, I call it, under our feet than any other nation.

Donald Trump: Just three years ago, we were energy-independent, and now, we're going around begging for energy. So, we're not going to have that anymore. We're going to have a strong country. We're going to have a respected country. We have to win an election, and we should win it by a lot because there's never been anybody worse at doing that job than Joe Biden.

Donald Trump: So, we're not going to take time to celebrate. We'll celebrate in eight months when the election is over. November 5th, I believe, will go down as the most important day in the history of our country. So, start thinking about it. Start thinking about your vote because this vote is going to be the most important vote you've ever cast.

Donald Trump: And again, for this evening and for last week and for all the weeks before for the tremendous success we've had in this primary, I want to thank everybody. But much more importantly, we have to get to work to beat Joe Biden, the worst administration, the worst president in the history of our country. They are destroying our country, and we're not going to let that happen.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.