Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-vlog-lo-fi-maga-june-29-2025

Note: [Donald Trump released a 12-hour "lo-fi" loop entitled "Lo-fi MAGA Video to Relax/Study To" at approximately 6:30 pm on June 29, 2025. It was turned off approximately 12 hours later on June 30, 2025. The loop featured a 00:01:58 scroll of "The One Big Beautiful Bill" covering 9 topics with 33 bullet points. This video is the de-duplicated loop of the 54 topics. The transcript included here is verbatim.]

Note: [Title: The One Big Beautiful Bill]

Note: [Section: Delivers Historic Economic Relief]

The White House: • Delivers the largest tax cut for middle- and working-class Americans in history.

The White House: • Secures bigger paychecks, boosting the take-home pay for hardworking typical families by OVER $10,000 a year.

The White House: • Historic tax relief for workers with a 15% average tax cut for Americans earning $15,000-$80,000.

The White House: • No Tax on Tips, No Tax on Overtime, and No Tax on Seniors' Social Security.

The White House: • Made-in-America Auto Tax Breaks on new American-made vehicles

The White House: • Increases the standard deduction, ensuring Americans keep more of their hard-earned money.

The White House: • A vote against the bill is a vote to RAISE taxes on hardworking Americans.

Note: [Section: Puts Main Street Over Wall Street]

The White House: • Doubles small business expensing, helping local businesses hire more workers and expand their operations.

The White House: • Permanently renews and strengthens Opportunity Zones, unlocking $100B+ of investment and 1+ million jobs for rural and distressed communities.

The White House: • Incentivizes Made-in-America manufacturing with full expensing for new factories and upgradesunleashing investments in rapid factory building.

Note: [Section: Designed With Families in Mind]

The White House: • Increases and makes permanent the Child Tax Credit, supporting over 40 million families.

The White House: • Expands childcare access and makes the paid leave tax credit permanent.

The White House: • Creates Trump Savings Accounts for newborns.

The White House: • Delivers school choice, making education more Dellvers school cholce, making affordable and allowing families to choose the education that best fits their child's needs.

Note: [Section: Invests in Rural America]

The White House: • Expands crop insurance and improves risk management tools.

The White House: • Boosts market access by reducing trade barriers to help American farmers compete globally.

The White House: • Supports family farms by raising the death tax exemption-protecting two million family farms from punitive double taxation.

Note: [Section: Restores Fiscal Sanity]

The White House: • Slashes the deficit by roughly $2 trillion-and secures historic levels of mandatory savings.

The White House: • Protects taxpayer dollarssby removing waste, fraud, and abuse from federal programs, so they can better serve the American people.

Note: [Section: Keeps America Safe]

The White House: • Funds the Golden Dome missile defense system to prote protect our homeland from 21st-century threats.

The White House: • Ensures our military has the resources to remain ready, capable, and a lethal fighting force. read

The White House: • Secures our coast with the biggest upgrade to the Coast Guard since World War II-delivering the tools needed to stop illegal activity by sea and fight fentanyl smuggling.

Note: [Section: Modernizes Air Traffic Control]

The White House: • $12.5 billion to overhaul air traffic control, replacing obsolete technology dating back to the 1960s with modern systems that improve safety, speed, and efficiency.

The White House: • Replaces FAA's deteriorating towers and radar systems and upgrades telecommunications.

The White House: • Addresses the staffing shortage and funds FAA training and recruitment.

Note: [Section: Permanently Secures Our Borders]

The White House: • Delivers President Trump's law-and-order agenda: deporting illegal aliens, securing our border, and supporting law enforcement.

The White House: • Supports our Border Patrol and ICE agents with a $10,000 bonus annually over the next four years. Also delivers needed reinforcements-hiring 10,000 new ICE personnel, 5,000 new Customs officers, and 3,000 new Border Patrol agents.

The White House: • Achieves our mass deportation agenda with AT LEAST one million annual removals.

The White House: • Finishes phase two of the border wall.

Note: [Section: Unleashes American Energy Dominance]

The White House: • Ends weaponization of permitting and unlocks domestic oil, gas, and nuclear power.

The White House: • Unleashes American energy, driving down the cost of living and restoring energy independence. ofliving andrest

The White House: • Rescinds BILLIONS of taxpayer dollars poured into the 'Green New SCAM, ending handouts to special interests and radical climate activists.

The White House: • Refills our Strategic Petroleum Reserve after the Biden Administration depleted our emergency supply. Energy security is national security.