Good evening, Arizona!  Good evening. Oh, my goodness. Good evening.  We're going to do this. Good evening. Good --  -- thank you all. Thank you.

Can we hear it for Tim Walz?  Oh, my goodness. Oh, it's good to be back in Arizona. Good evening, everyone.

Oh, my goodness. Thank you all so very much. Oh, it is good to be back.

Let me just say -- let me -- let me just start by thanking everyone who is here. Thank you all so very much.  All of us, we're going to do this. We're going to do this. We are going to do this.  Yes, we are.

And I want to thank all of the incredible leaders who are here, including Congressman Greg Stanton -- ; your next United States senator, Congressman Ruben Gallego -- ; and my dear friend, United States Senator Mark Kelly.

And let me just say, as Arizona knows, Mark is an extraordinary leader who has dedicated his life to the service of our nation as a fighter pilot, as an astronaut, and as a member of the United States Congress. And he has given so much to our country. He always fights for the people of Arizona. And I am so grateful, Mark, for your friendship and your leadership.

And, of course, the -- a phenomenal congresswoman, Gabby Giffords.

There are also an incredible group of mayors with us today, Mayor Kate Gallego -- ; Mayor Corey Woods -- ; and Arizona co-chair of Republicans for Harris, Mayor John Giles.

So, today, I also bring greetings from our incredible president, Joe Biden.

And I know we are all deeply grateful for his lifetime of service to our nation. And we thank Joe Biden each and every day --  -- for all he is and all he has done and all he has yet to do. Let us thank him always.

So, Arizona, this has been a big week.

On Monday, I officially became the Democratic nominee for president of the United States.

And on Tuesday, I announced my running mate in this campaign, Governor Tim Walz.

And as you all just heard, Tim has a great record as governor of the great state of Minnesota. And to those who know him best, Tim goes by a few more titles besides governor.

To his wife, Gwen --

So --

Thank you.

So, Tim -- Tim, we know him by -- we know him by "Governor," but you'll soon get to know his wife, Gwen, to whom --

You know what? Hold on a second. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on, everybody. Hold on, hold on, hold on.

Here's the thing: We are all in here together. I'm s- -- I'm told, an extraordinary number of folks who are here together because we love our country. We're here to fight for our democracy --  -- which includes respecting the voices that I think that we are hearing from.

And let me just say this on topic of what I think I'm hearing over there. Let me just speak to that for a moment, and then I'm going to get back to the business at hand.

So, let me say, I have been clear: Now is the time to get a ceasefire deal and get the hostage deal done.

done. Now is the time. And the president and I are working around the clock every day to get that ceasefire deal done and bring the hostages home.

So, I respect your voices, but we are here to now talk about this race in 2024.

So, Tim Walz -- so, let's just say this. Besides being governor, the thing I've come to learn about Tim Walz that you have known and may learn more: He's an extraordinary person.

He's known by many titles. To his wife Gwen, he is husband. To his kids, Hope and Gus, he is Dad. To the people of Southern Minnesota for 12 years, he was Congressman. To his former high school students, he was Mr. Walz.  And to his former high school football players, he was Coach.

And in 88 days, the nation will know Coach Walz by a new title: vice president of the United States.

So, it's so good to be back in Arizona, and I thank you all for turning out today. This is an extraordinary, extraordinary thing.

And, Arizona, I'll also this -- say this, as exciting as this is, we cannot lose sight of a really important fact: We are definitely running as the underdog. We are the underdog. We are out in great numbers, but we got a lot of work to do.

And this is going to be hard work, but I know we like hard work. Hard work is good work for all of us. Hard work is good work, and we will do it with joy.

And I know we are all clear about what we are up against. As many of you know, before I was elected vice president, I was an elected United States senator.  Before that -- before that, I was an elected attorney general and, before that, an elected district attorney.  And before that, I was a courtroom prosecutor.

So, I took on, in these roles, perpetrators of all kinds: predators who abused women --

-- fraudsters who ripped off consumers --

-- scammers who broke the rules for personal gain.

So, Arizona, hear me when I say: I know Donald Trump's type.  I do. In fact, I've been dealing with people like him my entire career.

For example, as attorney general of California, I took on one of our country's largest for-profit colleges that scammed students. Well, Donald Trump ran a for-profit college that scammed students.

As a pres- -- as a prosecutor, I specialized in cases of sexual abuse. Well, Donald Trump was found liable for committing sexual abuse.

As attorney general, I held Wall Street banks accountable for fraud. Well, Donald Trump was just found guilty of fraud -- 34 counts.

So, all of this -- yeah, the courts will deal with that. We going to win in November.  We going to win in November.  We'll handle that too.

So -- but all of this is to say: In this campaign, I will proudly put my record against his every day of the week.  Every day of the week.

But make no mistake, that being said, our campaign is not just about us versus Donald Trump. It is about --

And I love you back.

Our campaign -- our campaign is about two different visions for our nation. One, ours, focused on the future. The other, focused on the past. And, Arizona, we -- we fight for the future.  A future with affordable health care, affordable child care, and paid leave.  A future where we build a broad-based economy where every American has an opportunity to own a home, to start a business, to build wealth.

Here with us today, I know we have a number of Native leaders. And as president, I will tell you --  -- I will always honor tribal sovereignty and respect tribal self-determination --  -- and fight for a future where every Native person can realize their aspirations and every Native community is a place of opportunity.

We here -- we believe in a future where we lower the cost of living for America's families --  -- so that they have the chance not just to get by, but to get ahead.  Because, look, while our economy is doing well by many measures, prices for everyday things like groceries are still too high. You know it, and I know it.

When I was attorney general, I went after price-fixing schemes. And when I am president, I will continue that work to bring down prices. I will take on --  -- I will take on big corporations that engage in illegal price gouging. I will take on corporate landlords that unfairly raise rents on working families.  I will take on Big Pharma and cap the cost of prescription drugs for all Americans.

And all of this is to say, unlike Donald Trump, I will always put the middle class and working families first.

Because you see, Coach Walz and I know the middle class built the United States of America.  And when the middle class is strong, America is strong.

And while we work to move our nation forward, look, Donald Trump, be very clear, intends to move us backward.

Just look -- and we're not going back.

And we're not going back. We are not going back. We're going back. No.

But just look -- look -- look at his -- you know, Tim talked about it. Look at his Project 2025 agenda.

It's 900-plus pages. I can't believe they put that thing in writing, by the way.  But when you look at it, when you read it, you will see Project 2025 is a plan to weaken the middle class. If he is elected, Donald Trump intends to give a tax break to billionaires and big corporations.

He intends to cut Social Security and Medicare.

He intends to surrender our fight against the climate crisis.

And, Arizona, every day you feel the impact of extreme heat and drought. You know this crisis is real. He calls it a hoax.

And on top of all of this, if Donald Trump wins in November, he intends -- he intends to end the Affordable Care Act --

-- and take us back to a time when insurance companies had the power to deny people with preexisting conditions. You remember what that was?

Remember what that was?

He won't win. You're right.  He won't win.

We will win. We will win.

And -- and part of why we are going to win is because we remember and we are smart and we know what's happening and we're not falling for the gaslighting and we're not falling for the okey-doke.  That's why.

So, look, America has tried so many of those failed policies before, and, like we all know, we're not going back.  We -- we will move forward and take on the biggest issues facing our nation.

For example, the issue of immigration. So, I was attorney general of a border state. I went after the transnational gangs, the drug cartels, and human traffickers.  I prosecuted them in case after case, and I won.  So I know what I'm talking about.

We know our immigration system is broken, and we know what it takes to fix it: comprehensive reform that includes strong border security and an earned pathway to citizenship.

But Donald Trump does not want to fix this problem. Be clear about that. He has no interest or desire to actually fix the problem. He talks a big game about border security, but he does not walk the walk.

Earlier this year -- everybody here knows, earlier this year, we had a chance to pass the toughest bipartisan border security bill in decades, but Donald Trump tanked the deal --

-- because he thought by doing that it would help him win an election.

But when I am president, I will sign the bill.

So, Arizona, ours is a fight for the future, and it is a fight for freedom.

Across our nation, we are witnessing a full-on assault against hard-fought, hard-won freedoms and rights: the freedom to vote; the freedom to be safe from gun violence -- ; the freedom to love who you love openly and with pride -- ; and the freedom of a woman to make decisions about her own body and not have her government telling her what to do.

And on that last point, understand how we got here. When he was president, Donald Trump handpicked three members of the United States Supreme Court --

-- with the intention that they would overturn and undo the protections of Roe v. Wade. And as he intended, they did. And now, in over 20 states in our nation, there is a Trump abortion ban.

Many, like Arizona, with no exceptions even for rape or incest.

And just yesterday in a press conference, we got a fresh reminder of what Donald Trump's Project 2025 agenda would do. It would ban medication abortion in every state.

But we are not going to let that happen --

-- because we trust women.

And when I am president of the United States and when Congress passes a bill to restore reproductive freedoms for every woman In America, I will sign it into law.

So, listen, here's the thing that we all know -- here's the thing we all know: Generations -- generations of Americans before us led the fight for freedom. Now, the baton is in our hands --  -- each and every one of us. So, we who believe in the sacred freedom to vote will finally pass the John Lewis Voting Rights Act and the Freedom to vote act.

And we who believe in the freedom to live safe from gun violence will finally pass an assault weapons ban, universal background checks, and red flag laws.

So much is on the line in this election. And understand, this is not 2016 and this is not 2020. You know, this time around, the stakes are even higher. And that's because last month, the United States Supreme Court basically just told the former president, who has been convicted of fraud, that going forward, he was -- he will be effectively immune no matter what he does in the White House.

But -- but think about what that means. Think about what that means in this election. Think about what that means. He's been effectively told he will be immune if he's back in the White House. Think about what that means when you remember Donald Trump has openly vowed, if reelected, he will be a dictator on day one --

-- that he will weaponize the Department of Justice against his political enemies.

Remember that he even called for th,e quote, "termination" of the Constitution of the United States.

Understand what this means.

And let us be very clear: Someone who suggests we should terminate the Constitution of the United States should never again stand behind the seal of the United States president.  Never again. Never again.

So, Arizona, it all comes down to this. We are here because we love our country.  We love our country.

That's right. That's right. We love our country. And I do believe it is the highest form of patriotism to fight for the ideals of our country. That's -- that's how we preserve the promise of America.

And after all, the promise of America is what makes it possible for Governor Walz and me to be on the same stage together.

Because think: two middle class kids. One, a daughter of Oakland, California --  -- who was raised by a working mother, had a summer job at McDonald's.  The other, a son of Nebraska plains, who grew up working on a farm. Think about it. Only in America is it possible for them together to make it all the way to the White House.  Only in America. Only in America.

So, we, together, all of us -- we're running this campaign on behalf of all Americans, from red states to blue states, from the heartland to the coast. And when we are elected, we will govern on behalf of all Americans.  All Americans.

So, Arizona, ultimately, in this election, I do believe we each -- each one of us, we face a question. That question being: What kind of country do we want to live in? Do we want to live in a country of chaos, fear, and hate --

-- or a country of freedom, compassion, and rule of law?

And the beauty -- the beauty of our democracy -- the beauty of our democracy is that we each have the power to answer that question. Each one of us in a democracy has the power to answer that question. The power is with the people.

And in the next, then, 88 days, we need you to use your power.  We need you to knock on some doors.  We need you to register folks to vote.  We need you to energize, to mobilize, to organize, and to make your voices heard.

So, Arizona, I ask, are you ready to make your voices heard?

Do we believe in freedom?

Do we believe in opportunity?

Do we believe in the promise of America?

And are we ready to fight for it?

And when we fight --

-- we win.

God bless you. And God bless the United States of America. God bless you.