He will do what is necessary to protect you, protect your family and protect this country because Donald Trump wants us all to be successful, to be safe, to be happy to be strong and to be great again tonight, I'm asking you to vote not for the Donald Trump. You see flashed on your TV every day splashed across the headlines.

Today, I'm joining RNC Co-Chair Lara Trump to humbly ask if you could chip in five, ten or $25 Grassroots supporters like you keep this campaign alive. A gift of just $5 could make the difference between victory and defeat in November. Please chip in any amount. I know with your support right now, we will make America great again.

From the very first day that we take back the White House from Crooked Joe Biden, the worst President in the history of our country, I believe that we're going to have four of the greatest years in the history of our country. I will once and for all secure our elections, we're going to go to paper ballots.

We're going to have same day voting, voter ID. We're going to do it properly. We're going to have good secure, beautiful elections. We never want what happened in 2020 to happen again. But until then Republicans must win and we must use every appropriate tool available to beat. The Democrats, they are destroying our country.

Whether you vote early absentee by mail or in person, we are going to protect the vote. That's the most important thing we have to do is protect the vote, keep your eyes open because these people want to cheat and they do cheat. And frankly, it's the only thing they do well, we will make sure your ballot is secure and your voice is heard.

Many Republicans like to vote on Election Day and we must swamp the radical Democrats with massive turnout on Tuesday, November 5th. The way you win is to swamp them. If we swamp them, they can't cheat. It just doesn't work out. But if you can't make it, you need to make a plan, Register and vote any way possible.

We got to get your vote, so with your vote we will win a victory, the likes of which no one has ever seen before. We will evict Crooked Joe Biden from the White House and we will take back our country on November 5th, 2024 The most important day in the history of our country. That's what it's going to go down as thank you.