Thank you everybody. Thank you.

What a rotten introduction that was. First of all you never say that I want to say.

You say "I begged Mr. Trump to come down and say." Instead he goes "Mr. Trump would like to say a few words." He's actually telling the truth. So this is my real group.

These are the people who came here at the beginning when nobody knew what this monster was going to turn out to be. Now if you come tomorrow, you'll be all over television because there's about 350 press outside So we're doing a lot of interviews tomorrow.

Generals, dictators, we have everything.  I just want to say it's very special, because I see all of you, I recognize, like 100 percent of you.

Just about. Where's my man? Where's Bob? Where's Bob Greifeld? Come here.

Come here. C'mere. Such a great guy. This guy used to be a shitty golfer.

Come here Bob. Bring your family. Bring your wife. What a great family.

Family is better than he is. But we were just talking about who we're going to pick for the SEC.

Who we're going to pick for this... I said "Boy can you give me some recommendations.

And he said "Boy I'd like to do that!" Anyway, I'll tell you what. Um, you are special people.

This is a special place. And this is just the beginning.

It's just the beginning. You have Richard Levine, who I've been waiting for 10 years...

10 years for him to win the club championship.  For 10 years I've been waiting.

I've played with Richard, true story. And he shot a 72 the day before the club championship.

And I said "Richard, you're gonna win it this year." And then I go back and I couldn't play because I was running for President, you know. .

I couldn't play. So, one of those things. But I wanted my man to win. So I go and we're playing the new course, right? And he's got to qualify.

And he hit a little off drive on the first. And you know the second hole is like a little big tougher.

The first one you have to go over the creek. So rather than letting up and taking his five, he said "I'm going for it." He rips out the 3 wood.

So he goes 8, 8, 7. He goes quad, quad, and after that he played and even par.

But it was a little bit rough. But we're waiting, Ricky, we're waiting Richard to win the club championship. That'll be a big night. That'll be a big, big night.

And what about Doc? I've been talking about Doc winning the club championship for so long right? And I kept taking the senior club championship. I don't know.

But Doc, I said "Doc" and then he blew one two years ago. He missed this big and it was a great putt.

And I said "That's the end of Doc." Guy? And then he was 7 up. Where's Walsh? Is Walsh here? Oh, what happened to Walsh? He was seven up.

Where is his better half? She's the better half. There's no doubt there.

She's building a beautiful home. So Walsh is seven down. With seven holes to play. And I said Congratulations Doc, beautiful.

That's the kiss of death by the way. Walsh wins seven holes in a row.

They go to a playoff. If you didn't win that playoff, you would never be playing golf again.

Because nobody ever lost... because after seven, it was seven up with seven holes and they went to a playoff.

Right Mickey? Can you imagine if he lost? And he choked it on to the green. The second shot.

And he was like standing over the hole, scared shitless.  But he wanted...

and then the next day he won, right? So he finally wanted to flub... I've been waiting for years for him to win.

And I like him because he's a good putter, doesn't exactly hit it long, right? And thus we have something in common. But he's a great player.

Then he won the senior, then he won the this, I mean, you've done great. So I'm proud of you.

That's called coming back from adversity, right? So Doc, congratulations. And Mickey has been great.

He's central casting, right? Mickey is central casting. You know Mike Davis comes up with the SGA.

Is Mike Davis here, Mickey? Is he here? Oh look, Mickey, Mickey doesn't want him to say. And I'll sit with Mike.

You know, I may talk with him four, five minutes. But after that, what's to talk about, right? Unlike Clinton where he could talk to somebody about golf for 45 minutes.

With me it's five minutes.  In the back of an airplane.

So Mickey, I talked to Mike for four, five minutes. I'm shot after that.

I've got nothing to talk about. I see Mike Davis, head of .

Great guy. He's talking to Mickey. I go play golf, I come back, he's still talking to Mickey. They talk for hours.

Mickey is central casting. Are you happy Mickey? Huh? Come here Mickey.

So, do we want to keep him or do you want to get somebody younger or cheaper? I don't know. Even though he's got that little hit in the back swing? Remember when he had, I called it the airball.

He'd hit the ball, he'd hit the driver a little bit over the top ? I said "Mickey, even..." And he played beautifully. But said "Even if you terribly, please don't swing like that." And he corrected it.

Almost. 90 percent, right? 90 percent. Now . David has done a great job.

Do we agree? Never a problem. Never a problem.

So I took him from a club, was the Madison? Navisync ?I never heard of that club. How is that, a good memory? I remember that name from 12 years ago.

I took him... how many years have you been here, David? Okay, where's Ashley Cooper, is he here? Ashley started as our chairman.

He then went down to President. He then went down to acting president.

He then went down to a member. And then we throw him out.

No, went love Ashley. We love Ashley. You love Ashley, so do I. But we've had a good time with Ashley.

But David was incredible, because I took him from Navisync  and I knew he was good. Because they had a riot at Navisync  People are calling me up, threatening me.

Of course that was before I was the President . But they were threatening me.

You had a good time right? And we all like you, David? And tell me, where is David going next week? Where are you going next week? To the White House.  David's going to prepare the White House so that it's in good shape so we can immediately start working on ISIS and various other things.

And he's going into the Oval Office He's going into the Oval Office, right? And you're going to make it beautiful, right? Alright, well, David's great. So, I, I just want to thank everybody.

This has been a success from the day we built it. Really, a success from the day we built it.

You are the special people. You were here before anyone knew it was going to be a success.

So this is 10 years, actually some of you are here longer than 10 years. I guess this is a 10 years for those here 10 years or more.

So how old is the exact date of the club? 2000? Wow. Can you believe it? Man, we're getting older folks, I hate to tell you.

I just want... this man is a great guy.

He keeps coming closer. I think he wants... you want to say something? I think he wants to say something.

You are. Very rich, successful  Where is Reince Preibus? The legendary Reince. They just gave him the power player of the week.

Where is Reince? And you have back here... did anybody ever hear of Ivanka? Come here Reince, give me a Reince. Come up here.

These members are loaded, Reince. Don't... listen , he will work the room for campaign contributions  He just got named by boxing everybody else as the player..

The power player of the month. I said "what about me? I won the election." So say a few words, Reince.

Really great. He has been terrific and a great friend, and a superstar. They all want Ivanka, come on Ivanka.

Get over here. Jared, Jared, get over here, Jared. Jared's becoming more famous than me.

Get over here Jared. Well Ivanka, you know most of the people, and they have their choice. They can be anywhere.

This is where they like. This is where they got married, right? Say a few words, honey.

Thank you, and Jared, come here. This is the new superstar. Everybody knows Jared, he's here all the time.

Not bad, good job Jared. Hey, he's got a future. This one, of the great couples. Great great couples. So tomorrow we're here and Sunday we're here.

We're going to be interviewing everybody.  We're going to be interviewing Secretary of State. We have everybody coming in.

And, we're going to have... and I don't know if you want to come around, but if want, it's going to be unbelievable.

It's going to be an unbelievable day. So you might want to come along. And it's going to be a nice day tomorrow for golf, Mickey, I hear, right?

Like, 61, 62 degrees. So it's going to be a nice day. So it'll be fun. You'll see the press in their glory.

Like, we emptied out the entire parking lot because that's how many cameras, so you may want to come around. It'll be a lot of fun.

But seriously, I want to thank all of you. You are the originals of this club. This club is a tremendous place , it's a tremendous... you know I go anywhere and do this, and we want to do it here. Reince actually said we should go to your club in Bedminster.

It has such a good feeling. And this is where I prepared the debates. And this is where we had great victories, and you know we just... it was really good.

It was really good.  So Reince and all of the political people said rather than staying in Manhattan we should come out here, and, so we're really working tomorrow.

All day long we have meetings, every 15-20 minutes, we have meetings with different people that will form our government.

So, it's a very very, you know, important period of time.

I want to thank you all, go back to having a good time. You are special special friends and people. Enjoy yourselves. Go on. Go on. Thank you everybody. Thank you.