The situation that's going on. It shouldn't be hard to take care of and we're going to take care of it. And we've got a number of people here that you'll be seeing a lot of -- General Milley is here. He's Head of Joint Chiefs of Staff, a fighter, a warrior, won a lot of victories and no losses.

Amazed to see the way it's being handled in the various States and I've just put him in charge. The Attorney General is here, right here, Bill Barr. And we will activate Bill Barr and activate him very strongly. We're strongly -- our Secretary of Defense is here. We're strongly looking for arrests. But you have to get much tougher.

You're going to get overridden. I know Governor Wells is on the phone and we spoke, and I fully agree with the way he handled it the last couple of days. I asked him to do that. Get a lot of men. We have all the men and women that you need. People aren't calling them up. You have to dominate. If you don't dominate, you're wasting your time.

They're going to run over you. You're going to look like a bunch of jerks. You have to dominate and you have to arrest people and you have to try people, and they have to go to jail for long periods of time. I saw what happened in Philadelphia. I saw what happened in Dallas where they kicked the guy to death.

I don't know if he died or not, but if he did, this -- it's a miracle what they did to him. They were kicking him. Like, I've never seen anything like it in my life. People don't talk about that. They don't talk about that. They're talking about a lot of other things but they don't talk about it. But I saw what happened in Dallas and those kids are all on camera.

They're wise guys. It's coming from the radical left. You know it, everybody knows it but it's also looters, and it's people that figure they can get free stuff by running into stores and running out with television sets. I saw it. A kid has a lot of stuff. He puts it in the back of a brand new car and drives off.

You have every one of these guys on tape, why aren't we prosecuting them? Now, the harder you are, the tougher you are, the less likely it is going to be. And there's a movement. We found out the delivering supplies to various places -- in various states. You people know about it now but we found out many things.

It's like a movement. And it's a movement that if you don't put it down, it'll get worse and worse. This is like Occupied Wall Street. It was a disaster. Until one day somebody said that's enough and they just wiped them out. And it's the last time I've heard the name Occupied Wall Street until today when I heard about it. I heard Occupied Wall Street.

I hadn't heard about it. It's a disaster. Until one day somebody said that's enough. And they just wiped them out and it's the last time that I've heard the name Occupied Wall Street until today when I heard about it. I heard Occupied Wall Street. I haven't heard about it. I heard about it today for the first time in a long time.

They were there for -- forever it seemed on Wall Street. They closed up Wall Street, the financial district of the world and they had total domination. They were ordering pizzas, they were -- nobody did anything. And then one day, somebody said that's enough. You get them out of there within two hours and it was -- it was bedlam for an hour.

And then after that, everything was beautiful. And that was the last time we heard about it. But these are the same people. These are radicals and they're -- they're anarchists. They are anarchists whether you like it or not. I know some of you guys are different persuasion and that's OK. I fully understand that.

I understand both. I'm for everybody. I'm representing everybody. I'm not representing radical right, radical left. I'm representing everybody. But you have to know what you're dealing with and it's happened before, it's happened numerous times. And the only time it's successful is when you're weak and most of you are weak.

And I will say this, what's going on in Los Angeles. My friend lives in Los Angeles, they say all the storefronts are gone. They're all broken and gone. The merchandise is gone. It's a shame. I -- it didn't look as bad as that I mean. Maybe it was the sunshine. I don't know. But in Los Angeles, storefronts are gone.

Philadelphia's a mess. Philadelphia, what happened there is horrible and that was on television. They're breaking into stores and nobody showed up to stop them. There was no -- nobody showed up to stop them. Now Washington, they had large groups, very large groups. They attacked the AFL-CIO building. So they attacked theaters and friends which is very interesting.

But Washington was under good -- very good control but we're going to have it under much more control. We're pouring in. We're going to pour in thousands of people. We were under guard of the D.C. Police, the Mayor, the Mayor of Washington D.C. And Secret Service did a very good job around the White House.

But they're -- their sole -- their primary function is around the White House. But -- and we're going to clamp down very, very strong. But you've got to arrest people, you have to try people, you have to put them in jail for 10 years and you'll never see this stuff again, and you have to let them know that.

They're trying to get people out on bail in Minneapolis. I understand they're really trying to get all these guys out on bail. So, you have them on tape, you have them on television -- in history, there's never been anybody taped so much committing a crime. You have these guys throwing rocks. I mean you can see their face, they show them -- they showed them last night on one of those stations or one of the networks throwing a big brick and they had it in slow motion, slow-motion replay.

They put him like -- he's like a fielder catching a ball or throwing a ball. There have been slow-motion replay. You see exactly who he is, everybody knows you, find out exactly. You have everybody on tape. You've got to arrest all those people and you got to try them. And if they get five years or 10 years, they have to get five years or 10 years because it'll build retribution.

So, I say that and the way it's dominated -- if you don't dominate your city and your state, they're going to walk away with you. And we're doing it in Washington D.C. We're going to do something that people haven't seen before. But you're going to have total domination and then you have to put them in jail and you have to authorize whatever it is, whoever it is you authorized.

And with that, I'll let Bill Barr say a few words and then I'll have General Milley speak. Let's go, Bill.

So, the best example I alluded to a couple of seconds ago, is Minneapolis. It was incredible. What happened in the state of Minnesota, they were a laughingstock all over the world. They took over the Police department. The police were running down the street, sirens blazing, the rest of them running. It was on camera.

And then they went down -- you probably have to build a new one, but I've never seen anything like it, and the whole world was laughing. Two days, three days later, I spoke to the Governor and the Governor's -- I take on the call and he -- he's an excellent guy. And all of a sudden, and I said you got to use the National Guard and take numbers.

They didn't at first, then, they did. And I'll tell you that -- I don't know what it was -- it was Governor. It was the third night, fourth night. Those guys worked through that stuff like it was butter. They walked right through and you haven't had any problems since. I mean, they know. They're not going to go there now.

They'll go to some other place. But once you call that and you dominate it, you took the worst place and you made it -- they didn't even cover it last night because there was so little action. Because you dominated, you dominated. Now what happens in New York, I have to say, I live in Manhattan. What's going on in Manhattan, I have no idea.

New York's finest, they got to be allowed, maybe, to do their jobs. I don't know what's happening in Manhattan but it's terrible. And because it's New York because it's Manhattan, it gets a lot of press. So, they -- they really spent a lot of time on it. But New York is going to have to toughen up and we'll send you National Guard if you want.

You have the largest police force in the country, 40,000 people, I understand. But what's going on in New York is terrible. It's terrible. Of all the places. What went on last night in Los Angeles with the stores and the storefronts, it's terrible. No domination. You have to dominate. Yeah. Go ahead, Bill.

If you're weak and don't dominate your streets, they're you going to stay with you until you finally do it and you don't want that. Philadelphia, you've got to toughen up because what's going on in Philadelphia like New York is terrible, it's terrible. You've got to toughen up and they're going to leave.

And then, you want to say, well, let's call up the Guard or let's call up 200 people. You've got a big National Guard out there that's ready to come in and fight like hell. I tell you, the best of what they did in Minneapolis was incredible. They went in and dominated and it happened immediately. All of a sudden, My wife says to me, wow, look at all those people.

They got out. They were wearing dark black uniforms. They got up and they got up, and they were there in thousands and they just walked right down the streets knocking them out with tear gas, tear gas -- those guys, they were running and the next night, it was much less. And then, the next night, it's like -- you know what happened?

They went to other cities. They're all looking for weak spots. Now, what they're going to do is they're going to search out for, perhaps, smaller cities, smaller places. You've got to arrest these people. You've got to arrest these people and you've got a charge them. And you can't do the deal with a one week in jail.

These are terrorists. These are terrorists. They're looking to do bad things to our country. They're in deep and they're radical left. And the reason you have other radicals is because they've been watching this for years, many years, and they don't like it. And go back and study Occupy Wall Street. Because you'll see the way that ends, it was a thing of beauty.

Everybody sort of can't believe how easy it was. It was an hour of bedlam. And when it was all over, it was a beautiful thing. And that's the way it has to end for you. All right. The Secretary of Defense.

Sure. I don't know what it is politically when you don't want to call out people. They're ready, willing, and able, and they want to fight for the country. I don't know what it is. So, they have read it to me but it takes so long to call them up. We're waiting for you. We're shocked in certain areas, L.A. We're shocked that they're not using the greatest resource you can use and they're trained for this stuff and they're incredible.

Why you're not calling them though, I don't know. But you're making a mistake because you're making yourself look like -- look like fools. And some have done a great job and a lot of you is not good -- it's very bad for our country. You know when other countries watch this, they're watching us and they say, boy, they're really a pushover, and we can't be a pushover.

And you have all the resources. It's not like you don't have the resources. So, I don't know what you're doing. With textbook questions, if you want. I think -- Tim is on the phone now, Tim Walz. Again, I was very happy with the last couple of days, Tim. You called up big numbers and the big numbers knocked them out so fast.

It was like bowling pins. All right. Everybody, it's -- I guess, it's hashtag too, right? Hashtag too. So, I guess, the Governors on audio, Governors or any -- hashtag too. Anybody want to speak? Brian is up there. Brian, you want to speak? Georgia, Brian Kemp.

OK. Thank you, Brian, very much. And you did a good job that it looked like Atlanta was a much different place with a little time. So that's good. That first night was pretty rough. Tim Walz, I don't know if you'd left Jeff for your conference, and they have a conference, you were the one that didn't have a conference.

He's in there because I'd like to maybe have him explain the difference between the beginning and the end, and then come back. Tim, are you there?

But Tim, it showed the incredible difference between your great state yesterday and the day before compared to the first few days which was just a little late --

And police force and taken over. And I don't blame you, I blame the Mayor. I mean, I've never seen anything like it where the police were told to abandon the police house and it was ransacked and really destroyed. Millions and millions of dollars are going to have to go back to fix it. I don't know. If you have --

OK. Good. I think it's a good idea. I must say you -- it does feel bad two nights ago that the people wouldn't have minded an occupying force. I wish we had an occupying force in there, but for some reason, I don't know what it is, Governors don't like calling up a lot of the Guard. We have thousands and thousands of people waiting to be called up. Is that a correct statement, General?

350,000. We have 350,000 and they called up. 200,000 ended at the fist night, which wasn't exempt. What happened is after that he said, let's go. And I'll tell you, it was like magic. There's thousands of people all of a sudden. You know when I just walk into this, I say, it was like -- it was like a beautiful thing to see.

But when 350,000 plus in the National Guard and nobody wants to use them. And their cities are ransacked. And they're a disgrace all over the world. All over the world, they're showing it. What happened in Los Angeles with this conference, Philadelphia, and New York was a disaster. I don't understand what happened to the New York's Finest.

I don't understand it. But there's nothing wrong with New York calling up the National Guard. There's nothing wrong with it. All right. Thank you very much, Tim. Go ahead. Next, please. Hashtag too. Tim, would you want to say something before I --

So, we automatically have our experiment and that's -- I hate to say it in Minnesota. You have the first part, which was a weak and pathetic and you had the second part with this domination. And those guys probably have largely left their guns to one of your cities or one of your states because they're not getting anywhere in Minnesota anymore.

So you have that perfect contrast of Minnesota Phase 1, Minnesota Phase 2. It's a beautiful thing to watch. It just can't be any better. There's no experiment needed. You know, that's a good test. All right. Go ahead. Hashtag too, please. Anybody?

All right. We'll look into that. We have a tremendous crowd of people showing up as you know. And I think, most of them are very favorable. They like their President, but we'll talk to you about that certainly. As far as intelligence, we do have intelligence information and we'll present it to the appropriate people.

I'd like to turn that around though. If you hear anything, let us know. Report it to the Attorney General.

Or we -- or by the way, I really think so. You know, you can prosecute very easily. Frankly, more easily. But if you prosecute, the level work with that very rapidly. Bill, go ahead.

So Phil Murphy did a very good job in New Jersey, which is interesting because you had very little problem. You did call up a lot of good law enforcement, and you have a lot of good law enforcement. Phil, I think you're there, Phil Murphy.

Yes.

All right. I appreciate it very much. Really good and congratulations so far. I have to say so far. Keep it going. All right. Doug Ducey, is Doug in place?

That's what I saw. I saw that, big difference. Good job, Doug. Thank you very much.

Great job. Big difference. All right. John Bel Edwards, John Bel, are you there?

Good. I appreciate that very much. Likewise though, if you have information as to groups. For instance, we had information last night, we got it, where they're going to be loading in certain states. They're going to be loading. It's like a military operation. In certain states, we've already notified them.

But they're going to be loading, that's like -- like we're talking about a war, which it is a war in a certain sense. And we're going to end it fast. So keep up. Thanks very much, John Bel. Larry Hogan, please, Maryland.

Thank you very much, Larry. They are professional anarchists in many cases and they're leading a group of a lot more  than them. These are easily-led people  and others point out.

That's right. That's right. And you know when they have bricks, you know, they come armed with bricks. And they have bricks and rocks, big rocks, and they have other things and they throw them. You know, you're allowed to fight back. You don't have to have a brick in the face and you don't do anything about it.

Now, I'm not asking my attorney general. Perhaps you'll stop me from saying that but I would think Phil that if a brick is thrown to somebody and it someone or maybe if it doesn't hit him, the -- your -- your very tough, strong, powerful people are allowed to fight back against that guy, and very strongly, apparently, that's what I think.

I saw when they did to the  in Dallas and that was a disgrace. That was a disgrace. That could've been stopped. I've never seen anybody take such punishment and I don't know, I guess, maybe he's not gonna live. But they saw what happened. I saw what happened to that kid. I've never seen -- Nobody talks about it. How many even mention it?

it can't happen but I know when you're doing well because I haven't seen Maryland on television and that's good when you're not on television. They're only --

Good. Well, thank you very much, Larry. That's good. Hashtag two, if anyone wants to call in, hashtag two.

Yes. Go ahead.

Yes, I can, Jim.

Well, that sounds a lot different than the governor's name and that's very good. You know,  talked me out of it. Now I think she probably talked me into it. She just doesn't understand me very well but that's OK. Thank you very much. I appreciate it very much, Jim. You know, we have a situation now.

We're thinking about calling a number of you with flag burning. I'm not a -- I'm not a believer in flag burning and I would think that if a state wanted and try and pass a law, you don't go out to burn flags with a certain punishment, strong punishment.

Now, I think flag burning is a disgrace. In Paris last time, as you know, I guess that's what a lot of people want. It passed five to four. And we have a different court. And I think that it's time to review that again because we're raising flags being burned. They wanted to crawl up flag poles in Washington and try and burn flags but we stopped and they weren't able to do it. But they would have done it and we didn't stop them.

I think it's time that we look at that issue. Hopefully the Supreme Court will accept that. But if you have a state where you feel strongly, and many of you do, most of you do, I bet. If you wanted to try and pass a very powerful flag-burning statute again and that flag burning, I hope you do it because we'll back you 100%, all the way.

And I hope some of you do it. All right. Go ahead. Hashtag two, please.

Hey, Jared.

Thank you very much, Governor. Thank you. It's great to have you at the White House last week too. Henry McMaster. I think I hear Henry McMaster on the line. He's talking to his people, which I think is much more important than talking to us, Henry. Because I know we're going to get -- You get them ready.

You get them ready. Yes, sir, go ahead.

I did.

You don't have to be too careful. And I'll tell you, you have to do the prosecutions. If you don't do the prosecutions, it's just going to be back.

Whether it's in two years or in two months, they're going to be back. And you've got to get the prosecutions. And you know, when somebody's throwing a rock that's like shooting a gun. What's the difference between having a brick that weighs 10 pounds, hits somebody in the face then wipe them out practically.

We had a couple of people badly hurt and there's no retribution. So you have to do retribution, in my opinion.

You use your own legal system, maybe, for that. But you have great legal systems, everybody I'm speaking to. You want this to stop, you have to do that. But you have to prosecute people, Henry. You're right. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thanks, Henry. Guys, hashtag two.

I can hear you.

Are you on a cellphone? Is that J.B.? Are you on your cellphone, maybe? We're not hearing you great.

All right.

OK. Well, thank you very much, J.B. I don't like your rhetoric much either because I watched it with respect to the coronavirus. And I don't like your rhetoric much either. I think you could have done a much better job, frankly. But that's OK, you know, we don't agree with each other. As far as the --

In respect to Officer Floyd, I've spoken about it often and I've spoken about it with great compassion. And I think it's a horrible thing that happened and I called it out on numerous occasions and numerous speeches. I even spoke about it at our great rocket launch. I covered it before I come in the rocket.

We just sent out a billion-dollar rocket and before I spoke about the rocket at a major speech after the rocket launch. I spoke about Officer Floyd. I spoke as to what happened with respect to Mr. Floyd. I thought it was a disgrace.

And those police officers, what they did, including the three of them that stood there and watched and maybe even participated. The whole world was -- was disgraced by it, not just our country and the whole world was watching. So I -- Nobody can tell me I haven't spoken about it. I've spoken about it in great light, at great light.

And I will continue to speak about it.

OK. I want to thank everyone. Be strong, be safe, be smart, be safe. Be safe, very important. And we are on many people and we have to do it right. Many many people. We honor, as you know, has deployed, but we honor many other people that have been badly hurt. And you know -- and the way we're going to do it, the way we're going to solve the problem is to be fair and be strong.

You have to be strong. Here's our national guard. You're much better off with  you. That's one thing we have found out. Too many is a good thing, too few is unacceptable. So go out there and get them. Good luck tonight. And if you have any information let us know, please. Thank you very much.