Thank you very much. And thank WNBC and Telemundo for hosting today. And Buenos noches, I'm running for mayor because I think the city is in real trouble. I think we have a management crisis between the Adams and Lander administration. I think we have a fiscal crisis where the city is actually spending more every year than it is taking in. And I think we have a societal crisis where we have division and hate on affordability, raise the minimum wage, put more money in people's pockets, more child care, after school care, and then, of course, build affordable housing. I was the HUD secretary. I know how to do it.

Yeah, well, this is what Mr. Trump does, right? He started an investigation against me, against Kathy Hochul, against Senator Chuck Schumer, against Hillary Clinton. This is one of his tactics. I know how to deal with Donald Trump because I've dealt with him before many times. We've had many encounters. We fought on a daily basis through Covid, and I won many of those battles. I fought him on ice. This is not the first time he's brought ice to New York. He's done that before, and we fought him and we won so he can be beaten. But he has to know that he's up against an adversary who can actually beat him. And I can tell you this, I am the last person on this stage that Mr. Trump wants to see as mayor. And that's why I should be the first choice that for the people of the city to have as mayor.

Yeah, first, I'm putting Partizan politics aside is virtually impossible nowadays. It's so toxic out there. The issue of Covid became a political football right away, and it still is a political football between Democrats and Republicans, and even within the Democratic Party and within the Republican Party. And it's unfortunate. We should have been learning from the experience and finding out how we could be better prepared for the next time. But unfortunately, in this toxic environment, it's been nothing but politicized over and over again.

Yeah, please. You know, Mr. Montani is very good on Twitter and with videos, but he actually produces nothing for him to accuse me of lying. He also called President Obama a liar and said President Obama was evil. So take everything with a grain of salt. Donald Trump would go through Mr. Vandaam like a hot knife through butter. He's been in government 27 minutes. He passed three bills. That's all he's done. He has no experience with Washington, no experience in New York City. He would be Trump's delight.

Yes, please. Mr. Landers, a little loose with the facts. If he wants to talk about the facts on nursing homes, we'll talk about the facts. He's just parroting Trump's allegations. I said it long ago. He disproven by the federal government. Now, which ones are you talking about specifically in terms of the rate of deaths in nursing homes? New York is number 38 out of 50. Number 38. Only 12 states had a lower rate of death, which is really something when you consider that we had it first and worst than anyone else. And when it comes to corruption, Mr. Lander knows corruption because he his office approved $500,000 of contracts to organizations associated with his wife, which he said his death would really just like to clear.

it's a lie and you know it.

there was no doubt that my administration produced the report and it did not undercount the deaths.

It is very it's very clear that's the trump line, the MAGA line. Right. Because this was during his the Trump reelection. Okay. The New York reports always counted the number of deaths where they occurred in a nursing home or in a hospital.

No. I told Congress the truth. No, we did not undercount any deaths when they are all counted. We're number 38 out of 50, which I think shows that compared to what other states went through, we had it first and worst, and that only 12 states had a lower rate of death. We should really be thanking the women and men who worked in those nursing homes and did an extraordinary,

I was very aware of the report. I spoke to it at press conferences.

We're not going to stand by the report.

Yeah. Part of it is we have to admit what we did wrong. The people on the stage, almost without exception, were all defund the police, dismantled the police, reduced the police by 3000, $1 billion in overtime. And now they're calling for more police. We wouldn't need more police if we didn't defund them in the first place. In my first 30 days, I will take all every homeless person off the trains and the subway stations and get them the help they need. We did it before. We can do it again.

I never supported defund the police?

I never said,

I used the words defund the police. I said I don't support.

Did you say

And you gave it some legitimacy in public. I disagree with default.

Just if people who are watching at home have to be incredibly frustrated, they defunded the police. They reduced the number of police. They're now saying we need more police. Mr. Putin reduced them in the first place. And we need mental health experts to address the homeless. Would you like ill? And we do that by getting them off the train so we can assess them and get them to mental health.

Mario Cuomo. We have obviously campaigned in

Yes. Just to go back. If Mr. Landers says his office didn't approve 500,000 contracts that his deputy approved affiliated with his wife's organization,

You're going to have 30s on bail reform. We all talk about how terrible Rikers Island is, and it is. It's a disgrace that it is still being operated by this city.

Yes, I think this is another example of just dysfunctional city management. We passed a state law allowing e-bikes. It was supposed to be regulated by the city. You've had all sorts of accidents, all sorts of warnings. The city has done nothing. The speed has to come down. City bikes voluntarily came down to 17 miles an hour. You have these e-bikes, some of them doing 25, 30 miles an hour. You have to bring down the speeds, but you also have to have them registered by the apps. They are the ones who are making the money. Let them license, let them register, let them pay the ticket.

Yes. The I work for the people of the state of New York, the people of the city of New York. I don't care who gave me what I do, what is right, and that's how I.

I just said the apps should be held responsible. They are the ones who should have the license to bike register the bike. They should be responsible for the fees. They're the ones who are making the money.

Yeah, I live with the campaign finance rules. They're talking about an independent expenditure committee and let's remember who represents who. Here. I am the only person on this stage who represents the working men and women of New York City. The labor unions have endorsed me. Over 650,000 strong.

that the Democratic Party got to a point, that we allowed Mr. Trump to be elected, that we've gotten to a point where rhetoric has no connection with reality, where a person who has served in government for several years, only past three bills, believes they have the experience and credentials to run the greatest city on the earth. And the Democratic Party seems okay with that.

I said, I regret the state of the Democratic Party is no person we elected Trump, not the

Yeah, but I understand. But it's not you. It's just not accurate. Medicaid went up under me. I led the nation under Covid. I pushed President Trump to give us everything he had. I was there every day leading Covid.

Yeah, Melissa, let's just make sure we have the facts. A report was done four years ago making certain allegations. I said at the time that it was political and it was false. Five district attorneys, Democratic, Republican, short, tall, looked at it all across the state, found absolutely nothing. One case has been resolved. I was dropped from that case. I said at the time that if I offended anyone, it was unintentional, but I apologize. And I say that today

Yeah. First of all, that's not true. What? I stood up every day and fought for this state, for Covid, against President Trump, for PPE, for masks. I was in emergency room. The hospital I.

Yes.

Yeah. We have, we have a we're going to pick up. We were doing everything Mr. Cuomo could every day to get

I yeah, briefly the we led the way under Covid. Every day I got on that TV, I informed New Yorkers of exactly what was going on and all the facts. And I was fighting President Trump for the Covid, for the PPE. There was no doubt that in the beginning there was no PPE and people were using garbage bags. But we fought vehemently for it. When the first phase had passed New York we actually got through the first phase. It was then going to other states, and that's when we were trying to share lessons learned.

Yeah. The report was done. Five days. Nothing. Nothing has come of it in terms of the paying legal fees. Yes. The state pays legal fees. The state was sued, Kathy Hochul was sued, and I was sued. And the comptroller knows that because he was sued 15 times and the city paid the bill, he was sued by parents of the disabled. He was sued by homeless providers who said he was unaware he didn't do anything about the safety conditions. He was sued by people who said he mismanaged the pension funds.

I've gone through this with Mr. Trump before with Ice, but what would you do now? You cannot give in to Mr. Trump and his demands. You cannot.

You can't. It will never end if you give in to him. He is a bully. I know him well. If you give in to him today. So what will you be giving him your lunch money for the rest of your life. So what's the solution? You have to fight him. And the way you fight him is not by suing him. Yes, of course you sue him. But he gets sued ten times before he gets out of bed in the morning.

That doesn't.

The we need a national coalition, which we can put together of like minded states and cities that will oppose these actions. And then we're going to have to eventually beat him politically in the Congress. But you cannot give in to his demands.

I mean, it's ridiculous.

I never insulted President Obama?

Incorrect

The quote incorrect evil.

I never I never insulted,

I never

Gotcha. Interesting. I never denied saying Obama was evil and a liar.

I'm proud that I raised. Okay, okay. We're going to move on. Mr. Myrie, do you have you have

Mr. Time was proud that I raised education to the highest level of any state in the United States. I understand the point about. We need to reform the education system. I would start with the DOE. They spent hundreds of million dollars on consultants. We don't know what we get. I want a real analysis of the curriculum. New York City schools and New York City reads. We need more paraprofessionals in those schools. One out of eight children are homeless. It's too much for a teacher to do.

Pay the paraprofessionals.

Assistance.

Hakeem Jeffries,

I leave it to the voters.

No, I'd leave it to the voters.

I would have done Eric Adams.

Yeah, it's a desperate problem. I build housing for the homeless in my 20s. Excuse me? I served as HUD secretary and built housing literally all across the nation. Hundreds of thousands of units. We need to blow up HPD. It's a an obstacle. The city council is a bottleneck. We have to use faith based.

We need to use vacant city land. I've shown that I know how to build. Look at LaGuardia Airport. Look at the Kosciuszko Bridge. Look at the Second Avenue subway. I know how to get things done. And that's what this election is all about. Not plans, plans, plans. Who can get something done?

Yeah. The mayor has an interesting proposal that I think we're going to see in the Charter Commission that talks about the role of the City Council and expediting the approval mechanism.

Yeah, Mr. Montgomery is very good at videos, but not reality. We've already heard that line before, the Daily News said. The Daily News said that his plan to finance his proposals, it violates the constitutional debt cap of the city of New York. It would double the state taxes, and there was no way the state is going to pass a tax statewide.

I think you have two separate issues. Number one, I do believe there's been anti-Semitism in this city. I believe it's a growing problem. And I believe the rhetoric about Israel has actually inflamed the anti-Semitism. Put that aside. I think this is just another overreach of the Trump administration. Now he's going to take over the academic universities in this country. He is literally attacking the foundation of democracy, and he must be opposed at every turn.

This is a continuation of Trump eroding democracy, chipping away at due process. He should be released. He should be released immediately. He shouldn't have been detained in the first place.

Yeah, I am the candidate on the stage who is endorsed by more labor unions than anyone else, over 650,000 working men and women, and I'm proud of it. AI is undeniable. It's coming. There's a, I think, a tremendous opportunity for economic development here in New York by bringing AI to New York and bringing those businesses here. The West Coast doesn't have a franchise. You hear a lot of four letter words here. You're free, you hear taxes. You don't hear jobs. We need opportunities. We need jobs, and we want to reorganize.

I can help or we want to protect jobs.

7800.

should be limited. Yes, sir. Especially out of Westchester,

given the hostility in the anti-Semitism that has been shown in New York. I would go to Israel.

Gabby's in Queens,