Our country is in serious trouble.

Under Joe Biden, our borders have been erased. Millions of illegal aliens are invading from all over the world. Inflation is crushing our middle class. Gasoline and energy prices are brutalizing your wallets. Violent criminals are running wild while law enforcement has been weaponized against Christians and conservatives.

Wars are raging in Europe and the Middle East. China is threatening Taiwan, Iran is inches away from a nuclear bomb, our military has gone woke, and we are teetering on the brink of World War III.

There is only one candidate in this race who is up to the task of saving America from every single Biden disaster starting on Day One.

Since 2016, I have been taking on the entire corrupt system in Washington like no one ever has before. Together with millions of patriotic citizens, we stood up to the failed establishment, the fake news media, the deep state, the globalists, the warmongers, and the radical left -- and delivered historic victories for the American people.

Virtually every American was better off under the Trump administration. Our country was richer, safer, freer and stronger.

Now it is time to finish the job that we started once and for all.

This is no time to waste your vote on another establishment career politician. Our country is dying -- and unlike every other candidate in this race, with me, you can be certain that I will always put America first, and with God's help, I will get the job done.

The 2024 election is our last chance to save our country. The same corrupt forces that have been fighting us every step of the way are now shattering every democratic norm to try to stop us from defeating them in this final battle.

Biden and his henchmen indicted their leading political opponent, me, and they are even trying to get us kicked off the ballot in a lawless attempt to disenfranchise millions of voters.

The reason Biden and his protectors are trying everything to stop us is simple: because they know that we are the only ones who can stop them.

I am running to be the champion of every American who has been wronged or betrayed by the failed and corrupt political class in our nation's capital.

I am running for the law-abiding citizens whose communities are overrun by Biden's border invasion, the families ravaged by his uncontrolled inflation, the autoworkers seeing their jobs destroyed by his Green New Scam, the residents of our cities that Democratic policies have turned into war zones, and the parents whose children have been poisoned by deadly fentanyl.

I am in this fight for YOU. That's why I am asking for your support.

With your vote, we will rescue our economy, end the inflation nightmare, and unleash American energy.

We will secure our border.

We will protect the American worker and the American family.

We will deliver for the American farmer, and unlike those who've voted repeatedly to destroy ethanol, we will defend Iowa ethanol.

We will stop the weaponization of our government.

We will end the evil indoctrination of our children.

We will appoint rock-solid federal judges and outstanding Supreme Court justices to protect our rights and our Constitution -- just as I did before.

We will restore peace through strength -- and keep America out of endless foreign wars.

And we will save the American Dream.

The Iowa Caucuses are Monday, Jan. 15, at 7 p.m. If you want to save America, you must vote Trump to Make America Great Again.