Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-conference-infrastructure-charlottesville-august-15-2017

Donald Trump: Hello, everybody. Great to be back in New York with all of our friends and some great friends outside the building, I must tell you. I want to thank all of our distinguished guests who are with us today, including the members of our cabinet: Treasury secretary Stephen Mnuchin and OMB Director Mick Mulvaney and the Transportation Secretary who is doing a fabulous job, Elaine Chao.

Donald Trump: Thank you all for doing a really incredible and creative job on what we're going to be discussing today, which is infrastructure. We've just had a great set of briefings upstairs on our infrastructure agenda.

Donald Trump: My administration is working every day to deliver the world class infrastructure that our people deserve and frankly our country deserves. That's why I just signed a new Executive Order to dramatically reform the nation's badly broken infrastructure permitting process.

Donald Trump: Just blocks away is the Empire State Building. It took 11 months to build the Empire State Building. But today it can take as long as a decade and much more than that. Many, many stories where it takes 20 and 25 years just to get approvals to start construction of a fairly routine highway.

Donald Trump: Highway builders must get up to 16 different approvals involving nine different federal agencies governed by 29 different statutes. One agency alone can stall a project for many, many years and even decades.

Donald Trump: Not only does this cost our economy billions of dollars, but it also denies our citizens the safe and modern infrastructure they deserve. This overregulated permitting process is a massive, self-inflicted wound on our country.

Donald Trump: It's disgraceful. Denying our people much needed investments in their community, and I just want to show you this, because it was just shown to me. I think I'm going to show it to the media -- both real and fake media by the way.

Donald Trump: This is what it takes to get something approved today. Elaine, you see that? So this is what it takes, permitting process flow chart. That's a flow chart. So that can go out to about 20 years, this shows about ten.

Donald Trump: But that can go out to about 20 years to get something approved. This is for a highway. I have seen a highway recently in a certain state -- I won't mention it's name, it is 17 years. I could have built it for $4 million, $5 million without the permitting process.

Donald Trump: It costs hundreds of millions of dollars, but it took 17 years to get it approved and many, many, many, many pages of environmental impact studies. This is what we will bring it down to. This is less than two years. This is going to happen quickly, that's what I'm signing today.

Donald Trump: This will be less than two years for a highway, so it's going to be quick, it's going to be a very streamlined process, and by the way, if it doesn't meet environmental safeguards, we are not going to approve it -- very simple.

Donald Trump: We're not going to approve it. So this is -- maybe this one will say, let's throw the other one away. Would anybody like it from the media? Would anybody like that long, beautiful chart, you can have it.

Donald Trump: So my Executive Order also requires agencies to work together efficiently by requiring one lead agency for each major infrastructure project. It also holds agencies accountable if they fail to streamline their review process, so each agency is accountable.

Donald Trump: We're going to get infrastructure built quickly, inexpensively, relatively speaking and the permitting process will go very, very quickly. No longer will we tolerate one job killing delay after another. No longer will we accept a broken system that benefits consultants and lobbyists at the expense of hard working Americans.

Donald Trump: Now, I knew the process very well -- probably better than anybody. I had to get permits for this building and many of the buildings I built. All of the buildings I built in Manhattan and many other places, and I will tell you that the consultants are rich people.

Donald Trump: They go around making it very difficult. They lobby congress, they lobby state government, city governments to make it very difficult so that you have to hire consultants and that you have to take years and pay them a fortune, so we're streamlining the process, and we won't be having so much of that anymore.

Donald Trump: No longer will we allow the infrastructure of our magnificent country to crumble and decay, while protecting the environment we will build gleaming new roads, bridges, railways, waterways, tunnels and highways.

Donald Trump: We will rebuild our country with American workers, American iron, American aluminum, American steel. We will create millions of new jobs and make millions of American dreams come true. Our infrastructure will again be the best in the world.

Donald Trump: We used to have the greatest infrastructure anywhere in the world, and today, we are like a third-world country. We are literally like a third-world country. Our infrastructure will again be the best, and we will restore the pride in our communities, our nation. And all over the United States, we will be proud again, so I want to thank everybody for being here.

Donald Trump: God bless you, God bless the United States. If you have any questions, Mick, you could come up here, please. Come on up. Mick Mulvaney. If you have any questions, please feel free to ask.

Question: Why are the CEOs leaving your manufacturing council?

Donald Trump: Because they are not taking their job seriously as it pertains to this country. We want jobs, manufacturing in this country. If you look at some of those people that you are talking about, they are outside of the country. They are having a lot of their product made outside.

Donald Trump: If you look at Merck as an example, take a look where -- excuse me, excuse me -- take a look at where their product is made. It is made outside of our country. We want products made in the country, now I have to tell you, some of the folks that will leave, they're leaving out of embarrassment, because they made their products outside, and I have been lecturing them, including the gentleman that you are referring to, about you have to bring it back to this country.

Donald Trump: You can't do it necessarily in Ireland and all of these other places. You have to bring this work back to this country. That's what I want. I want manufacturing to be back into the United States so that American workers can benefit.

Question: Why did you wait so long to denounce neo-Nazis?

Donald Trump: I didn't wait long. I didn't wait long. I didn't wait long. I wanted to make sure, unlike most politicians, that what I said was correct, not make a quick statement.

Donald Trump: The statement I made on Saturday, the first statement, was a fine statement, but you don't make statements that direct unless you know the fact. And it takes a little while to get the facts. You still don't know the facts.

Donald Trump: And it is a very, very important process to me. It is a very important statement. So I don't want to go quickly and just make a statement for the sake of making a political statement. I want to know the facts. If you go back to my statement, in fact I brought it. I brought it.

Donald Trump: As I said on remember this, Saturday, we condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence. It has no place in America. And then I went on from there.

Donald Trump: Now here is the thing. Excuse me, excuse me. Take it nice and easy. Here is the thing, when I make a statement, I like to be correct. I want the facts. This event just happened. A lot of the event didn't happen yet as we were speaking.

Donald Trump: This event just happened. Before I make a statement, I need the facts, so I don't want to rush into a statement. So making the statement when I made it was excellent.

Donald Trump: In fact, the young woman who I hear is a fantastic young woman and it was on NBC, her mother wrote me and said through I guess Twitter, social media, the nicest things, and I very much appreciated that.

Donald Trump: I hear she was a fine, really actually an incredible young woman, but her mother on Twitter, thanked me for what I said. Honestly, if the press were not fake and if it was honest, the press would have said what I said was very nice -- excuse me -- unlike you and unlike the media, before I make a statement, I like to know the facts.

Donald Trump: They didn't, they didn't. They don't. [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: How about, how about, how about a couple of infrastructure questions.

Question: Was that terrorism?

Donald Trump: Say it, what?

Question: The CEO of Walmart said you missed a critical opportunity to help bring the country together. Did you?

Donald Trump: Not at all. I think the country -- look, you take a look. I've created over a million jobs since I have been president. The country is booming, the stock market is setting record, we have the highest employment numbers we've ever had in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: We are doing record business. We have the highest levels of enthusiasm, so the head of Walmart, who I know, who's a very nice guy, was making a political statement.

Donald Trump: I mean, I would do it the same way, you know why? Because I want to make sure when I make a statement that the statement is correct. And there was no way -- no way -- of making a correct statement that early. I had to see the facts, unlike a lot of reporters, unlike a lot of reporter.

Donald Trump: I didn't know David Duke was there. I wanted to see the facts.

Donald Trump: And the facts, as they started coming out, were very well-stated. In fact, everybody said his statement was beautiful. If he would have made it sooner, that would have been good. I couldn't have made it sooner, because I didn't know all of the facts. Frankly, people still don't know all of the facts. It was very important -- excuse me, excuse me. It was very important to me to get the facts out and correctly.

Donald Trump: Because if I would have made a fast statement and the first statement was made without knowing much other than what we were seeing. The second statement was made after it with knowledge, with great knowledge.

Donald Trump: There are still things -- excuse me. There are still things that people don't know. I want to make a statement with knowledge, I wanted to know the facts, okay.

Question: Two questions: was this terrorism? And can you tell us how you are feeling about your Chief Strategist Steve Bannon?

Donald Trump: I think the driver of the car is a disgrace to himself, his family and this country. And that is -- you can call it terrorism, you can call it murder. You can call it whatever you want.

Donald Trump: I would just call it as the fastest one to come up with a good verdict. That's what I'd call it. And there is a question. Is it murder? Is it terrorism? Then you get into legal semantics. The driver of the car is a murderer, and what he did was a horrible, horrible, inexcusable thing.

Question: Can you tell us how you are feeling about your chief strategist, Mr. Bannon? Can you talk about that?

Question: Steve Bannon --

Donald Trump: I never spoke to Mr. Bannon about it.

Question: Can you tell us broadly about -- do you still have confidence in Steve?

Donald Trump: Well, we'll see. And look, look, I like Mr. Bannon. He is a friend of mine, but Mr. Bannon came on very late. You know that. I went through 17 senators, governors and I won all the primaries

Donald Trump: Mr. Bannon came on very much later than that, and I like him. He is a good man. He is not a racist -- I can tell you that. He is a good person, he actually gets very unfair press in that regard. We'll see what happens with Mr. Bannon.

Donald Trump: He's a good person, and I think the press treats him frankly very unfairly. Trump says 'we'll see what happens' Bannon

Donald Trump: 'We'll see what happens' with strategist Bannon

Question: They have called on you to defend your national security adviser H.R. McMaster against these attacks.

Donald Trump: I did that before. Senator McCain? Senator McCain. You mean the one that voted against Obamacare? Who is Senator McCain? You mean senator McCain who voted against us getting good health care?

Question: Senator McCain said that the alt-right is behind these attacks, and he linked that same group to those that perpetrated the attack in Charlottesville.

Donald Trump: Well, I don't know. I can't tell you. I'm sure Senator McCain must know what he is talking about, but when you say the alt-right, define alt-right to me. You define it. Go ahead. Define it for me, come on, let's go.

Question: Senator McCain defined them as the same group.

Donald Trump: Okay, what about the alt-left that came charging at us -- excuse me -- what about the alt-left that came charging at the, as you say, the alt right? Do they have any semblance of guilt? [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: What about this? What about the fact that they came charging -- they came charging with clubs in their hands swinging clubs? Do they have any problem? I think they do. [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: As far as I'm concerned, that was a horrible, horrible day. Wait a minute, I'm not finished. I'm not finished, fake news. That was a horrible day. [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: I will tell you something. I watched those very closely, much more closely than you people watched it. And you had, you had a group on one side that was bad. And you had a group on the other side that was also very violent. And nobody wants to say that, but I'll say it right now.

Donald Trump: You had a group -- you had a group on the other side that came charging in without a permit, and they were very, very violent.

Question: Do you think what you call the alt left is the same as neo-Nazis?

Donald Trump: Those people -- all of those people, excuse me -- I've condemned neo-Nazis. I've condemned many different groups, but not all of those people were neo-Nazis, believe me. Not all of those people were white supremacists by any stretch.

Question: Well, white nationalists --

Donald Trump: Those people were also there, because they wanted to protest the taking down of a statue Robert E. Lee. So -- excuse me -- and you take a look at some of the groups and you see, and you'd know it if you were honest reporters, which in many cases you're not.

Donald Trump: Many of those people were there to protest the taking down of the statue of Robert E. Lee. So this week, it's Robert E. Lee, I noticed that Stonewall Jackson's coming down. I wonder, is it George Washington next week? And is it Thomas Jefferson the week after. You know, you really do have to ask yourself, where does it stop? [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: But, they were there to protest -- excuse me -- you take a look the night before, they were there to protest the taking down of the statue of Robert E. Lee. Infrastructure question. Go ahead.

Question: Does the statue of Robert E. Lee stay up?

Donald Trump: I would say that's up to a local town, community or the federal government, depending on where it is located.

Question: Are you against the Confederacy?

Question: On race relations in America, do you think things have gotten worse or better since you took office with regard to race relationships?

Donald Trump: I think they've gotten better or the same -- look -- they have been frayed for a long time, and you can ask President Obama about that, because he'd make speeches about it. I believe that the fact that I brought in, it will be soon, millions of jobs, you see where companies are moving back into our country.

Donald Trump: I think that's going to have a tremendous positive impact on race relations. We have companies coming back into our country. We have two car companies that just announced. We have Foxconn in Wisconsin just announced. We have many companies, I'd say, pouring back into the country.

Donald Trump: I think that's going to have a huge, positive impact on race relations. You know why? It is jobs. What people want now, they want jobs. They want great jobs with good pay. And when they have that, you watch how race relations will be.

Donald Trump: And I'll tell you, we're spending a lot of money on the inner cities -- we are fixing the inner cities -- we are doing far more than anybody has done with respect to the inner cities. It is a priority for me, and it's very important.

Question: Mr. President, are you putting what you're calling the alt-left and white supremacists on the same moral plane?

Donald Trump: I am not putting anybody on a moral plane, what I'm saying is this: you had a group on one side and a group on the other, and they came at each other with clubs and it was vicious and horrible and it was a horrible thing to watch, but there is another side.

Donald Trump: There was a group on this side, you can call them the left. You've just called them the left, that came violently attacking the other group. So you can say what you want, but that's the way it is.

Question: You said there was hatred and violence on both sides?

Donald Trump: I do think there is blame -- yes, I think there is blame on both sides. You look at, you look at both sides. I think there's blame on both sides, and I have no doubt about it, and you don't have any doubt about it either. And, and, and, and if you reported it accurately, you would say.

Question: The neo-Nazis started this thing. They showed up in Charlottesville.

Donald Trump: Excuse me, they didn't put themselves down as neo-Nazis, and you had some very bad people in that group. But you also had people that were very fine people on both sides. You had people in that group -- excuse me, excuse me.

Donald Trump: I saw the same pictures as you did. You had people in that group that were there to protest the taking down, of to them, a very, very important statue and the renaming of a park from Robert E. Lee to another name.

Question: George Washington and Robert E. Lee are not the same.

Donald Trump: Oh no, George Washington was a slave owner. Was George Washington a slave owner? So will George Washington now lose his status? Are we going to take down -- excuse me. Are we going to take down, are we going to take down statues to George Washington?

Donald Trump: How about Thomas Jefferson? What do you think of Thomas Jefferson? You like him? Okay, good. Are we going to take down his statue? He was a major slave owner. Are we going to take down his statue?

Donald Trump: You know what? It's fine, you're changing history, you're changing culture, and you had people -- and I'm not talking about the neo-Nazis and the white nationalists, because they should be condemned totally -- but you had many people in that group other than neo-Nazis and white nationalists, okay?

Donald Trump: And the press has treated them absolutely unfairly. Now, in the other group also, you had some fine people, but you also had troublemakers and you see them come with the black outfits and with the helmets and with the baseball bats -- you had a lot of bad people in the other group too.

Question: I just didn't understand what you were saying. You were saying the press has treated white nationalists unfairly?

Donald Trump: No, no. There were people in that rally, and I looked the night before. If you look, they were people protesting very quietly, the taking down the statue of Robert E. Lee. I'm sure in that group there were some bad ones.

Donald Trump: The following day, it looked like they had some rough, bad people, neo-Nazis, white nationalists, whatever you want to call 'em. But you had a lot of people in that group that were there to innocently protest and very legally protest, because you know, I don't know if you know, but they had a permit.

Donald Trump: The other group didn't have a permit. So I only tell you this: there are two sides to a story. I thought what took place was a horrible moment for our country, a horrible moment. But there are two sides to the country. Does anybody have a final -- does anybody have a final question? You have an infrastructure question.

Question: What makes you think you can get an infrastructure bill? You didn't get healthcare, you didn't get tax --

Donald Trump: Well, let me tell you. We came very close with health care. Unfortunately, John McCain decided to vote against it at the last minute. You'll have to ask him why he did that. We came very close to health care. We will end up getting health care.

Donald Trump: But we'll get the infrastructure, and actually, infrastructure's something I think we'll have bipartisan support on. I actually think -- I actually think Democrats will go along with the infrastructure.

Question: Mr. President, have you spoken to the family of the victim of the car attack?

Donald Trump: No. I will be reaching out, I'll be reaching out.

Question: When will you be reaching out?

Donald Trump: I thought that the statement put out, the mother's statement I thought was a beautiful statement. I'll tell you -- it was something that I really appreciated. I thought it was terrific.

Donald Trump: And really under the kind of stress that she's under and the heartache she's under, I thought putting out that statement to me was really something I won't forget. Thank you all very much. Thank you.

Question: Do you plan to go to Charlottesville, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Did you know I own a house? It's in Charlottesville, oh boy. It's in Charlottesville, you'll see.

Question: Is that the winery or something?

Donald Trump: It's a... it's a... it is the winery. [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: I mean, I know a lot about Charlottesville. Charlottesville is a great place that's been very badly hurt over the last couple of days. I own -- I own actually one of the largest wineries in the United States. It's in Charlottesville.

Question: What do you think needs to overcome the racial divides?

Donald Trump: Well, I really think jobs are going to have a big impact. If we continue to create jobs -- over a million -- substantially more than a million, and you see just the other day, the car companies come in with Foxconn, I think if we continue to create jobs at levels that I'm creating jobs, I think that's going to have a tremendous impact -- positive impact -- on race relations.

Question: And what you said today, how do you think that will impact?

Donald Trump: Because the people are going to be working and making a lot of money, much more than they ever thought possible. That's going to happen. And the other thing, very important, I believe wages will start going up. They haven't gone up for a long time.

Donald Trump: I believe wages now, because the economy is doing so well, with respect to employment and unemployment, I believe wages will start to go up. I think that'll have a tremendously positive impact on race relations. Thank you. [Crosstalk]