Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-conference-lofven-sweden-march-6-2018

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you. I'm honored to be joined by Prime Minister Löfven of Sweden at our first meeting in the White House.

Donald Trump: Sweden is one of our oldest and closest partners

Donald Trump: My daughter

Donald Trump: That was something

Donald Trump: The Prime Minister and I have just concluded a series of very productive meetings. The relationship between the United States and Sweden is one based on shared values

Donald Trump: We look forward to exploring further opportunities to increase our security and our cooperation in every other way. And we encourage nations around the world to share responsibility for our common defense. We appreciate Sweden's leadership on the United Nations Security Council

Donald Trump: The United States is also grateful to Sweden for advocating for Americans detained in North Korea. I particularly want to thank the Swedish government for its assistance in securing the release of American college student Otto Warmbier last year. Terrible

Donald Trump: And we remain determined to achieve a denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula. And there's been a lot of news on that today. Hopefully

Donald Trump: In economic matters

Donald Trump: Earlier this afternoon

Donald Trump: We're also continuing to pursue bilateral agreements to advance mutual prosperity. I'm pleased that Sweden intends to procure the Patriot air and missile defense system -- finest in the world -- in a deal worth over $3 billion. This system will increase stability and security in the Baltic Sea region.

Donald Trump: A strong and balanced economic relationship strengthens security and prosperity in both of our countries. And this is just the beginning. We have a lot of things that we're working on. And we're working on them

Donald Trump: Mr. Prime Minister

Donald Trump: The longstanding friendship between our people

Stefan Löfven: Thank you

Stefan Löfven: History has shown that our two nations share fundamental values and interests

Stefan Löfven: Today

Stefan Löfven: At the same time

Stefan Löfven: For Sweden

Stefan Löfven: Sweden and the United States are two of the most innovative economies in the world

Stefan Löfven: Turning to security

Stefan Löfven: I would like to underline that the transatlantic link is strong

Stefan Löfven: One important example of that is our joint efforts to fight and combat terrorism. Sweden and the United States stand shoulder to shoulder in the global coalition against ISIS and also in the resolute support mission in Afghanistan. And these vital military efforts must go hand in hand with strong political

Stefan Löfven: So

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. John.

Question: Thank you

Question: And

Donald Trump: Well

Donald Trump: And I don't blame the countries. I blame our leadership for allowing it to happen. When I was with President Xi in China -- as an example

Donald Trump: But it's like that with many countries

Donald Trump: I'm here to protect. And one of the reasons I was elected is I'm protecting our workers

Donald Trump: So we're doing tariffs on steel. We cannot lose our steel industry. It's a fraction of what it once was. And we can't lose our aluminum industry. Also a fraction of what it once was.

Donald Trump: And our country is doing well. The massive tax cuts and all of the deregulation has really kicked us into gear. But I have to work on trade deals. We're working on NAFTA right now. And if we're able to make a deal with Canada and Mexico in NAFTA

Donald Trump: But again

Question: How do you avoid this escalating -- how do you avoid this escalating into a trade war?

Donald Trump: Well

Donald Trump: You know

Donald Trump: They'll like us better and they will respect us much more. Because even they say -- right now

Question: And

Stefan Löfven: First

Stefan Löfven: I fully understand and respect the President's view that they have to look after his own country -- the country that you're leading. I under that fully. That's my primary task

Stefan Löfven: But for me

Stefan Löfven: Today

Stefan Löfven: So we want this to be resolved in cooperation. And when it comes to steel

Stefan Löfven: So

Donald Trump: Just to add maybe a little bit further: If you talk China

Donald Trump: So China doesn't send us 2 percent; they send us a much

Donald Trump: And you know there's a theory that if a country doesn't have steel

Donald Trump: But again

Stefan Löfven: Okay. Tina

Tina MagnergårdBjers: So

Tina MagnergårdBjers: And as a follow-up to that

Donald Trump: I think you have a wonderful Prime Minister

Donald Trump: But as far as our relationship with Sweden

Tina MagnergårdBjers: What about the collaboration on North Korea?

Donald Trump: We've been working on North Korea. Sweden has somewhat of a relationship with North Korea. We've been working with North Korea. As I said

Tina MagnergårdBjers: And

Stefan Löfven: We have to find a dialogue. I know it's not easy

Stefan Löfven: But we must look at the Peninsula

Stefan Löfven: We've said that we can provide -- we can be a channel or do whatever we can to see that the dialogue is smooth. Not being naïve. It's not up to us to solve this problem

Stefan Löfven: So with that relation with North Korea

Donald Trump: They really have been terrific. Really terrific. Saagar Enjeti

Saagar Enjeti: Thank you

Donald Trump: Me. No

Donald Trump: But the sanctions have been very

Saagar Enjeti: Sir

Donald Trump: No

Donald Trump: Many

Donald Trump: It's got tremendous energy. It's tough. I like conflict. I like having two people with different points of view

Donald Trump: But the White House has a tremendous energy

Saagar Enjeti: Thank you

Donald Trump: Please.

Saagar Enjeti: Mr. Prime Minister

Stefan Löfven: First

Stefan Löfven: We changed the legislation

Stefan Löfven: And we

Stefan Löfven: And we can also see some results now in our three major cities -- decreased shootings -- because we're attacking the organized crime very tough. And we'll keep on doing that because there is no space in Sweden for organized crime because they decrease freedom for ordinary people.

Stefan Löfven: At the same time

Stefan Löfven: So the pictures we need to be -- it's two pictures. Yes

Question: Thank you. This is an election year for both of our countries

Donald Trump: Well

Donald Trump: We're doing a very

Donald Trump: But the big thing would be the tax cut and the regulations cuts. Also

Donald Trump: So I think we're going to do very well

Donald Trump: So based on that

Donald Trump: But we're studying it very closely. Various agencies

Question: But are you worried about Russia trying to meddle in the midterm election?

Donald Trump: No

Question: Mr. Löfven

Stefan Löfven: Well

Stefan Löfven: And that is why our intelligence agencies now also increase in their own capacity to detect and counter

Stefan Löfven: So any foreign power that believes that they can interfere with our election

Question: And since this is the first time that you two meet

Stefan Löfven: [Laughs] We -- First

Donald Trump: Maybe almost everything?

Stefan Löfven: [Laughs] Yeah. We -- no

Stefan Löfven: But

Stefan Löfven: But having said that

Question: Just finally

Donald Trump: Oh

Donald Trump: No