Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-conference-merkel-germany-april-27-2018

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Today, I'm honored to welcome Chancellor Angela Merkel back to the White House. Over the past year, I have enjoyed getting to know the chancellor very well through many productive calls, discussions and meetings. We have a great relationship.

Donald Trump: Chancellor, I want to congratulate you once again on your election victory -- fourth term in office. It's really something. Congratulations.

Angela Merkel: Thank you.

Donald Trump: We're also pleased to have our newly-confirmed United States ambassador to Germany, Richard Grenell, an outstanding man, and he's with us today. And Richard, congratulations. Do a great job, and I know you will. Thank you.

Donald Trump: This confirmation was long overdue. We've been waiting a long time for Richard to get his clearance, and he got it, and it's going to be special. But we have a lot of people that are waiting approval, and the Democrats have been treating us extremely unfairly, and they're going to have to move it along.

Donald Trump: For decades, the alliance and friendship between Germany and the United States has advanced the cause of peace, prosperity and freedom. Today, our nations face a wide array of shared challenges and opportunities, and I am confident that we will meet them together with the same strength and resolve that has always defined the United States-German friendship.

Donald Trump: This afternoon, I want to congratulate the Republic of Korea on its historic summit with North Korea, and we're encouraged by President Moon and Kim Jong-un's expressed goal of complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula. I will be meeting with Kim Jong-un in the coming weeks. We look forward to that, and hopefully, it will be productive.

Donald Trump: I want to thank Chancellor Merkel for her leadership in our campaign of maximum pressure on the North Korean regime, which has helped us to reach this important step, this moment where we are right now. It's taken a long time, many, many decades to get here. Let's see what happens.

Donald Trump: We seek a future peace, prosperity, and harmony for the whole Korean Peninsula unlocking, not only a brighter future for the people of Korea, but for the people of the world. However, in pursuit of that goal, we will not repeat the mistake of past administrations. Maximum pressure will continue until denuclearization occurs. I look forward to our meeting. It should be quite something.

Donald Trump: In our meetings today, the Chancellor and I discussed Iran, the Iranian regime that fuels violence, bloodshed and chaos all across the Middle East. We must ensure that this murderous regime does not even get close to a nuclear weapon, and that Iran ends its proliferation of dangerous missiles, and its support for terrorism. No matter where you go in the Middle East, wherever there's a problem, Iran is right there.

Donald Trump: As we eradicate what little remains of ISIS and Syria, we must also ensure that Iran does not profit from our success. To prevent this outcome, it is essential that our coalition and regional partners step up their financial and military contributions to the anti-ISIS efforts. Some of these countries are immensely wealthy; and they're going to start paying for it, and paying for this tremendous help that we've given them.

Donald Trump: The chancellor and I also had a productive discussion about the security of Europe and the responsibility of European nations to properly contribute to their own defense. We addressed the need to strengthen NATO and the NATO alliance by ensuring that all member states honor their commitment to spend two percent, and hopefully much more, of GDP on defense. It is essential that our NATO allies increase their financial contributions so that everyone is paying their fair share.

Donald Trump: We look forward to seeing further progress towards improved burden sharing, and a lot of people have stepped up, a lot of countries have stepped up and they're going to have to continue to do so. A tremendous amount of additional money has been raised for NATO over the past 16 months and I'm proud to have helped, but they have to keep going.

Donald Trump: In this age of international crime, smuggling, terrorism and trafficking, it is also essential that we have strong border security and immigration control. This is fundamental to national defense.

Donald Trump: Also vital to our security, and that of our allies, is America's ability to maintain a strong and robust manufacturing base, which we really are doing in the United States. We have additional steel plants opening. Steel plants are expanding. Aluminum is doing great. A lot of things are happening that were never going to happen before.

Donald Trump: That's why we must have a fair and reciprocal trading relationship with our friends and partners. We have a trade deficit in goods with the European Union of approximately, hard to believe, $151 billion a year, including a $50 billion annual trade deficit in autos and auto parts. I'm committed to working with Chancellor Merkel to reduce barriers for United States exports to remedy these trade imbalances and deepen our economic ties.

Donald Trump: We also welcome the chancellor's partnership in promoting major reforms to international organizations, like the World Trade Organization which has not treated the United States well, to protect sovereignty and ensure fairness. The close cooperation across multiple fronts, military, intelligence, economic, academic, is critical to the defense of our civilization as we know it. And the close friendship between the German and American people enriches the lives of millions and millions of our citizens.

Donald Trump: Chancellor, thank you again for visiting the White House. It's an honor to have you. Our alliance is strong and thriving. And together, we will overcome shared obstacles, seize upon shared opportunities, and build an incredible for our country and our people. Thank you very much. Thank you. Chancellor, thank you very much.

Angela Merkel: [Via Translator] Thank you very much. I would like to thank you for the very warm reception here in the White House and for giving us this opportunity to have an exchange of views. This is my first visit after the re-election to a country outside of Europe.

Angela Merkel: [Via Translator] And I thought it was very important to underline that for Germany, the transatlantic ties are of prime importance. We are very much aware of the fact that these transatlantic ties offer us crucial, of indeed existential importance.

Angela Merkel: [Via Translator] These transatlantic ties have given a great contribution to our reunification, the first part of my life I spent on the other side of the Iron Curtain. And the fact that it was possible for our country to reunite is essentially due to the United States and their contribution.

Angela Merkel: [Via Translator] And this will be most important also for our future cooperation, a cooperation that is more urgently needed than ever in view of the turbulences all over the world. So Germany will continue to be a reliable partner in NATO, in our alliance.

Angela Merkel: [Via Translator] Is a reliable partner within the European Union, all the more so since today. We fight against nuclearization of Iran, against terrorism, against ISIS in Iraq and Syria. Against terrorism in Afghanistan or in Africa.

Angela Merkel: [Via Translator] And we depend urgently on each other. Today we meet at a point in time where it has become very clear that the strength of the American President, where he really saw to it that the sanctions against North Korea are abided by our respect.

Angela Merkel: [Via Translator] It has opened new possibilities, opened new ways. This first meeting between Kim Jong-un and the South Korean President Moon is a first step on a road that will hopefully lead into a better future. We Germans know only too well what it means after years of separation, after years of division, to have these first contacts, but we will continue to be vigilant, to see to it that the nuclearization is stopped of North Korea. And that a nuclear-free zone is established in -- on the Korean peninsula. We think that this is essential.

Angela Merkel: [Via Translator] We will have to see also in our fight against the Iranian attempts to become nuclear, will go in. We are of the opinion that the JCPOA is a first step that has contributed to slowing down their activities in this particular respect.

Angela Merkel: [Via Translator] To also establish a better verification and monitoring process. But we also think, from a German point of perspective that this is not sufficient in order to see to it that Iran's ambitions are curbed and are contained. It is most important to see that Iran, after all is trying to insert a geopolitical influence in Syria, in Lebanon.

Angela Merkel: [Via Translator] And in Iraq, and what we have to see to it that this attempt at influence is curbed, it's contained. And that beyond JCPOA, reliability can be established. And I think that Europe and the United States of America ought to be in lockstep on this.

Angela Merkel: [Via Translator] Or to work together very closely also to end the terrible bloodshed in Syria, and to bring about a solution for the region as a whole. Beyond that, and over and above that, we also addressed the tasks that we see ahead on defense.

Angela Merkel: [Via Translator] Germany in 2019 is going to ear mark a share of $1.3 of its GDP on defense. That has been an increase over the past few years. We haven't yet met the target where we should be, but we are getting closer to the target to the guideline that we've set up for ourselves.

Angela Merkel: [Via Translator] In Wales, on trade, I think it's most important to see that very close relations on trade exist between Germany and the European Union on the one hand, and the United States on the other. We want fair trade. We want a trade that is in line with the multilateral trading system of a WTO.

Angela Merkel: [Via Translator] But we also acknowledge that for many, many years, the WTO has not been able to bring about international agreements. So bilateral agreements may well replace that, that's something that we, on behalf of the European Union, already have done and have negotiated with a number of countries over the past few years.

Angela Merkel: [Via Translator] So I can well envision such negotiations with the United States, as well. But, obviously that has to be reconciled and I would also like to point out that Germany on the one hand has a very close trade relations with you.

Angela Merkel: [Via Translator] The President obviously is not satisfied with the trade surplus. We have already been able to reduce that. Our trade surplus that is with the United States, but we still have a long way to go. But the United States, also due to the tax reform, again has become a very interesting place to invest for our companies.

Angela Merkel: [Via Translator] And we can say with great pride that not only hundreds of thousands of cars are exported from Germany to the United States, but from the U.S. to the rest of the world, hundreds of thousands of cars that are built here in the states are exported to the rest of the world.

Angela Merkel: [Via Translator] With creating American jobs and I believe that the workers here have very good working conditions, so that again is another bond that ties our two countries together. We will continue to discuss those trade issues. We will have the NATO meeting in the summer, we will meet again there.

Angela Merkel: [Via Translator] And let me say in conclusion that apart from the political relations that are very close and -- well we sometimes may look at issues differently, but generally around on the basis of friendship, on partnership, we are linked by ties in the world of science, in the world of culture.

Angela Merkel: [Via Translator] We still have the -- host the largest number of troops. Ever since 1945, about 17 million members of the U.S. military were stationed in Germany, and a lot of them have established very close ties, very close friendships with Germans.

Angela Merkel: [Via Translator] And I'm delighted to see that -- now the Ambassador can very soon, when he's in Germany, work on this basis. And we're delighted that we finally have an Ambassador. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, Angela. We'll take some questions. Blake Berman, yes? Blake?

Question: Thank you, Mr. President, Chancellor Merkel. Ask a couple questions of the President first. I want to ask you -- step over, it's crowded in here. I want to ask you about a couple of comments that you made in the Oval Office earlier.

Question: In which you said about North Korea that they've played the U.S. in the past like a fiddle, but that's not going to happen to us. Do you, as it relates to hopefully getting peace on the Korean peninsula, denuclearization of the Korean peninsula.

Question: Do you feel as if you need to be the closer in that deal? Do you want to be the closer in that deal? Or do you think that's something that is shared by all the major stakeholders, all of the -- the world leaders within that region?

Question: And secondly, indulge us if you might. You said that the relationship with North Korea has been strong, or one of the words you used. Have you spoken with Kim Jong-un himself? Or do you plan on speaking with him?

Donald Trump: I don't want to comment on that.

Question: Do you plan on speaking with him?

Donald Trump: But we have a very good working relationship. We're setting up a meeting, things have changed very radically from a few months ago. You know the name calling and a lot of other things. We -- we get a kick every once in a while out of the fact that I'll be watching people that failed so badly over the last 25 years explaining to me how to make a deal with North Korea.

Donald Trump: I get a big, big kick out of that. But we are doing very well. I think that something very dramatic could happen. They're treating us with great respect, and you know what's going on with South Korea, and I think President Moon of South Korea was very generous in saying that we helped make the Olympics a great success because of the fact that, as you know, there was a tremendous animosity. There was a tremendous problem going on, and all of a sudden, people started buying tickets because -- whole different feeling when North said, We'd love to go to the Olympics.

Donald Trump: So a lot of good things are happening with respect to North Korea. President Obama told me when I had the one meeting with him, he said, That's your biggest problem. That's going to be the most difficult thing you have. And honestly, I wish it was handled earlier. I wish it were handled by another administration years ago. I'm not just talking about President Obama. I go back to any administration you want. But over the last 25 years, this should have been handled a long time ago, not now. This should not have been left for me to handle.

Donald Trump: But we will handle it. We're handling it well, and hopefully there'll be peace for North Korea, South Korea, Germany -- I mean, everything is included -- Japan. The chancellor's been very helpful in the maximum pressure campaign, as I said -- really very helpful. So have many other nations. President Xi of China has been really good at the border. Everyone's surprised at how tight he clamped down. Everyone said that he'd just talk about it, he wouldn't do it. Well, he did it, and he did it out of a relationship that we have, and also, out of the fact that we're negotiating trade deals, and I think that's also very important to him. Hopefully, we'll come up with something that's good for both countries.

Donald Trump: So I think some very good things can happen with respect to North Korea. We're setting up meetings now. We're down to two countries, as to a site, and we'll let you know what that site is. Do you have a question for the chancellor?

Question: Just -- just -- just to follow up, real quickly. Do you -- do you feel like it's your responsibility for this to eventually get settled between North and South Korea?

Donald Trump: I think I have a responsibility. I think other presidents should have done it. I think the responsibility has fallen on the shoulders of the president of the United States, and I think we have -- I think I have a responsibility to see if I can do it. And if I can't do it, it'll be a very tough time for a lot of countries, and a lot of people. It's certainly something that I hope I can do for the world.

Donald Trump: This is beyond the United States. This is a world problem, and it's something that I hope I'm able to do for the world. OK? Please.

Question: Thank you. And Chancellor... And Chancellor Merkel.

Angela Merkel: [No Translation Provided, Translation Difficulty]

Question: Sorry. Thank you very much.

Question: I'm just wondering if you've been given any assurances that the European Union will be exempt from steel and aluminum tariffs, come Tuesday, the May 1 deadline? Did -- did President Trump tell you what he may or may not do? Thank you.

Donald Trump: Good question.

Angela Merkel: [Via Translator] The president will decide. That is very clear. We had an exchange of views on the current state of affairs of the negotiations, and the respective assessments on where we stand on this. And the decision lies with the president. [Inaudible]. Mr. Ross, please.

Question: Thank you. I have a question for the chancellor, but I'd like to start with a question on Iran for you, Mr. President. After a long day of talks with you, President Macron went to Congress, warned of a new war in the Middle East, and asked the world and the United States to respect the sovereignty of all countries, including Iran. In the absence of a new agreement, are you prepared to use military force to rein in the nuclear program in Iran, or do you have another plan B that is not an agreement, and not military force?

Donald Trump: I don't talk about whether or not I'd use military force. That's not appropriate to be talking about. But, I can tell you this, they will not be doing nuclear weapons; that, I can tell you. OK? They're not going to be doing nuclear weapons, you can bank on it. OK. Please.

Question: Madam Chancellor, only a year ago, people in Berlin were very much concerned about President Trump not being ready to show toughness against Russia. Now, you've come to Washington with the concern that a new round of sanctions against the so-called oligarchs may well be detrimental to the German economy.

Question: Have you asked the president to exempt German companies from these sanctions? And are you generally worried that the United States, because the president is trying to be toughest with President Putin, may well change completely and may well be treating Russia too harshly without coordinating with you?

Angela Merkel: [Via Translator] Well, we discussed Ukraine and here we worked together very closely against the illegitimate actions of Russia. Due to, for example, annexation of Crimea and also the situation they caused in eastern Ukraine, I'm very pleased to say that we work very closely with the American Administration in -- complementing the Minsk format.

Angela Merkel: [Via Translator] And the sanctions very much are a thing of the Congress. And we work together with the representative of the administration here, also, and very closely with the Treasury. We exchange views with on what sort of secondary effects that may have, and looking at the conflicts we have. With Russia, for example, in Syria there is a wide degree of agreement, and no one is interested in not having good relations with Russia.

Angela Merkel: [Via Translator] But wherever there are conflicts, wherever there are certain things happening, as for example in Ukraine, we have to call a spade a spade. And the principle of territorial integrity of a country, such as Ukraine, is one that needs to be upheld and that needs to be enforced.

Question: But, Madam Chancellor, the exchange, was it satisfactory on these issues between America and Europe? Is it as closely aligned as you want?

Angela Merkel: [Via Translator] Yes. Whenever I have questions, I can ask those questions and I believe the exchange is there. Again, sanctions have been adopted by Congress. We have pointed out to what sort of effects that has.

Angela Merkel: [Via Translator] I believe that the -- our finance minister and the Treasury have talked about this yesterday, when they met at the -- with other finance ministers at the financing for Syria conference yesterday. And, whenever I have problems, I can talk to our American counterparts.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible], please? CBN.

Question: Thank you very much. Mr. President, two questions for you. The first one's on Ronny Jackson. It's been one day since he bowed out. I know it's only been less than 24-hours. Have you -- have a new nominee for the secretary for the Department of Veteran Affairs?

Question: And, my second question is on the U.S. Embassy set to open in Jerusalem in three weeks. Have you decided if you do plan to attend? And also, can you confirm if Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin is leading a delegation that could include your son-in-law Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump?

Donald Trump: Ronny Jackson, Admiral, doctor, is one of the finest men that I've met over the last long period of time, high-quality. High-quality family, I just met them and I explained what happened. I explained that Washington can be a very mean place. You don't know about that, Chancellor. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: A nasty place. The false accusations that were made about him by Senator Tester --from a great state, I don't think that state is going to put up with it. These were false accusations about a great man; about a man who has a son who's a top student at Annapolis; about a man that's given his life to this country, and to the military -- a brave man. He would have been a great leader. To say the kind of things that he said...

Donald Trump: He had President Obama giving him an A+ report. You had President Bush giving him an A+ report. You have President Trump giving him an A+ report. And to make statements of things that most people said never happened, never even happened, calling him names was, to me, a disgrace, an absolute disgrace. And I think it's something we learn from.

Donald Trump: I called him today. I said, In a certain way, you're an -- in a very big way, you're an American hero, because you've exposed the system for some horrible things. I've had it happened to me, with the Russian collusion hoax. It's a hoax.

Donald Trump: But I came into the job understanding that things happen. He didn't. He's a great doctor. He's a great admiral. He didn't really think a thing like this could happen. And I think it's a disgrace, so...

Donald Trump: I just want to comment on that, and actually, I'm glad you asked the question. I think this man has been treated -- He's an American hero, and I think he's been treated very unfairly, OK?

Question: As far as a nomination, have you put forward a new nomination yet?

Donald Trump: I have many people that want the position, if you can believe it. With all of this being said, we have some excellent people, some very political people; some people that a thing like that wouldn't happen, or if it did happen, I guess they'll handle it somewhat differently.

Donald Trump: But we have many people that want that job. We're very proud of the job we've done for the veterans. The veterans have been -- We've gotten accountability approved, which is something that for years -- for years, they've been trying to get, as you know. They couldn't get it approved. We got accountability, so that when somebody treats our veterans badly, we can fire them so fast -- almost as fast as they fire people in Germany. We'll get rid of them.

Donald Trump: And I will tell you, we're getting choice. We're putting choice in very, very strongly. We have tremendous support in the Senate for that. But I do, I have a lot of people that want the job. We're getting -- We're doing a great job over there in -- for the vets, and you know, that was one of the things that, to me, was the most important. We had tremendous support from the vets. We're getting great reports.

Donald Trump: But getting a thing such as accountability done. We'll be, soon, getting choice done, meaning if a veteran stands on line and can't get to a doctor for various reasons, they're going to a private doctor, and this country is going to pay. They're not going to wait nine weeks on line for a cure to something that could have been very easy to cure, and then they end up dying from it.

Donald Trump: So we're going to -- we're -- I'm very proud of what we've done, and I will tell you, your new head of the V.A. is going to be very exceptional. We have some exceptional people that want to do the job, OK?

Question: Before I get to Chancellor Merkel, I wanted to backtrack to the U.S. embassy opening up in Jerusalem. You said in the past that you would like to go...

Donald Trump: So they came to me -- This is a little bit about government. Somebody said, Could I tell this story? And they came to me with a proposal for a $1 billion embassy in Jerusalem, and the papers -- Mike Pence can tell you -- the papers were put before me to sign an application for more than $1 billion to build an embassy. I said, What are you talking about, $1 billion? You know, most embassies are like a single story. And they said, Yes, sir. It's $1 billion. And I had my name half-signed, then I noticed the figure, and I just didn't -- I never got to the word Trump. I had Donald signed, but I never got to the word Trump.

Donald Trump: And I called my ambassador, who's a great lawyer. Most people in business know David Friedman. He's the ambassador to Israel, and loves Israel. Loves our country, loves Israel, too. And I said, What's this $1 billion? He said, I can build it for $150,000. I said, What? He said, I can build it for $150,000, the embassy. We have a building. We have the site. We already own the site. We own the building. I can take a corner of the building, and for $150,000, we can fix it up, make it beautiful, open our embassy. Instead of in 10 years from now, we can open it up in three months. And that's what we did.

Donald Trump: But I said, David, let's not go from $1 billion to $150,000. Let's go to $3-, $400,000. And that's what we did. We -- we're take a piece of the building. It's going to be beautiful, and it'll be somewhat temporary, but it could be for many years, because by the time they build it the other way, it's going to be many, many years. They were looking for sites. We already have a site, and we have a great site. The site's better than anything you could imagine.

Donald Trump: But that's the way government works. They were going to spend $1 billion, and we're going to spend much less than a half a million. Could have done it for much less than that, but I said, Let's make it really nice. So that's what it is.

Donald Trump: I may go -- very proud of it. Jerusalem has been a subject that's been promised for many years, as you know, the embassy in Jerusalem. It's been promised for many, many years by presidents. They all made campaign promises, and they never had the courage to carry it out. I carried it out.

Donald Trump: So I may go. It's getting ready to open, and I do want to tell that story though, because there are a couple of people that got to see it, including Mike, but others, where literally, they were going to spend a billion dollars, and we're spending a tiny, tiny fraction of that, in the hundreds of thousands of dollars instead. And it will be very nice. Maybe it'll be nicer than a billion-dollar building, OK? For the chancellor, please?

Question: Well, Chancellor, I wanted to ask about the Iran nuclear deal. You just heard President Trump say that Iran will not be restarting the nuclear program. You can bank on it. Do you fear that if the U.S. backs out, that Iran will restart their nuclear program? And also, you're the second European Union leader -- or, European leader to stop here at the White House this week. What improvements did you recommend to the president that needs to be changed, in order to keep the U.S. in the deal?

Angela Merkel: [Via Translator] Well, I set out my position, and that is that I believe that, obviously, the -- this agreement is anything but perfect. It will not solve all the problems with Iran. It is one piece of the mosaic, one building block, if you like, on which we can build up this structure; and that when the United Kingdom, France and Germany work together with the American colleagues, this was brought about, and then we will now see what sort of decisions are made by American partners.

Angela Merkel: [Via Translator] I said that the whole of the region, obviously, is of prime importance to us, because it's not a thousand kilometers away, as it is the case, for example, between the USA and -- and Syria. But Syria and Iran are countries that are right on our doorstep. So that is of prime importance for us, and we will continue to be in very close talks on this.

Angela Merkel: [Via Translator, Inaudible]

Question: [Inaudible, in German]

Question: Madam Chancellor, you used to describe America as a destination of your, sort of, well, what you ever wanted to be. And now, it's said in Germany by you that Europe actually has to take its destiny in its own hands, and that you cannot rely on the United States supporting you all the time. Have you talked with the president about this development where - this unhappy development that drifting apart and should not you in many ways deliver also on this promise of significantly increasing the defense spending?

Question: And just you, Mr. President, a lot of people are irritated by the way that you fulfill this most important job that exists in the rest of the world with sudden aggressive Twitter messages and so on. I want to ask you whether and certain facts that you make, does this mean that in the future there will less comprise struck by the United States, less reconciliation and how will you decide on the first of May when it is about a possible [Inaudible] extension of the exemption for terrorists?

Question: What is your position on this, Mr. President? Will there be a trade war with this big bloc Europe, or do you see an opportunity of actually not going into such a trade war?

Angela Merkel: [Via Translator] Well, I think for a lot of people in Germany, but also in many other countries, people wish and love to go the United States. We have just said there are more than 40 million people who have their roots in Germany and Europe here in the United States.

Angela Merkel: [Via Translator] Also for many people in Germany and Europe, America is a great country. And even though we may seem matters differently on certain political issues, we have to address that, we have to talk about this. But this land, our freedom, this great country obviously still remains very attractive, and so I continue to say that.

Angela Merkel: [Via Translator] And I say it, yes, Germany and Europe have to take their destiny into their own hands, because we can no longer as we used to during the period of the Cold War, during the years when Germany was divided, rely on America coming and helping us.

Angela Merkel: [Via Translator] America is still helping us, but step by step we will simply have to increase our contribution too. And America has been very much engaged, very broadly engaged in parts of the world that are far away from America. And the people of America, too, have said well what's in it for us? So the president is saying, you ought to have some more burden sharing.

Angela Merkel: [Via Translator] So in a way we're maturing, we're growing out of a role where after the Second World War people were rather happy for Germany not becoming too engaged, not too active, because during the period of National Socialism we created such incredible injustice in the world, and -- but this post-war period is at end. It's more than -- this post-war period is -- well, that's essentially 70 years ago. So we as Germans have to learn to assume more responsibility.

Angela Merkel: [Via Translator] We're proud to be the second largest troop contributor in NATO. We've done a lot over the past few years. Obviously from the president's perspective not perhaps fast enough, but I would say as German Chancellor we have made important steps in the right direction, and we will continue to do so.

Angela Merkel: [Via Translator] We cannot rely, if conflicts are on our doorstep, for others to step in, and we ourselves don't have to give in a contribution. And this contribution will have to increase over the next few years to come. That has something to do with military engagement, with the defense spending, with combating and tackling root causes of flight, but also with the readiness to become more engaged in diplomacy.

Angela Merkel: [Via Translator] Germany, for example, for the first time is part and parcel of the so-called small group, that has just had a meeting in Paris on Syria, together with the U.S., with the U.K., with Saudi Arabia, and we want to give our contribution to this, as well. It's our obligation. It's our duty. I don't think that we ought to complain about this.

Angela Merkel: [Via Translator] We have to learn as a big country, as an economically successful country. As the president says, you're economically successful but, militarily and politically, you don't wish to do so much. We have to learn to assume our role and there are differences of opinion, we, as friends, can discuss that openly.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Chancellor. We need a reciprocal relationship, which we don't have. The United States right now has a trade deficit with the European Union of $151 billion. And the chancellor and I have discussed it today at length and we're working on it. And we want to make it more fair and the chancellor wants to make it more fair.

Donald Trump: Same thing with NATO, we have a far greater burden than we should have. Other countries should be paying more. And I'm not saying Germany alone; other countries should be paying more. We're protecting Europe and, yet, we pay, by far, more than anybody else. And NATO is wonderful but it helps Europe more than it helps us. And why are we paying the vast majority of the costs.

Donald Trump: So we're working on those things, it's been unfair. And I don't blame the chancellor and I don't Germany, I don't even blame the European Union; I blame the people that preceded me for allowing this to happen.

Donald Trump: There's no way we should have a trade deficit of $151 billion. So we're going to make it reciprocal. We're going to make it a much more fair situation and I think, in the end, ever body's going to be very happy.

Donald Trump: I think both countries -- I view this as many countries, but looking at it as one block -- will -- will really benefit. There's tremendous, tremendous potential between the European Union and the United States and I think that's going to happen.

Donald Trump: There's also tremendous benefit to NATO when people pay what they have to be paying. Some counties actually pay more than they're supposed to. They think the United States is -- I've been told by numerous country -- Poland being one.

Donald Trump: Poland is great. I mean, they pay actually a little bit more than they're supposed to be paying or have to pay because they feel the United States is more than carrying the load. And, perhaps, they feel it's not fair. But it's something we very much appreciate.

Donald Trump: But I believe that -- you know, when I look at the numbers in Germany -- and some other countries, they may not like Donald Trump but you have to understand, that means I'm doing a good job because I'm representing the United States.

Donald Trump: Angela is representing Germany; she's doing a fantastic job. My predecessors did not do a very good job. But we'll try and catch you, OK? We'll try. We're going to -- we're going to have a reciprocal relationship and it's going to be something that benefits all of us, OK?

Donald Trump: Thank you very much everybody. Thank you. Thank you. Angela, thank you very much.