Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-conference-malcolm-turnbull-australia-february-23-2018

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you. Today, I'm honored to welcome my friend, Prime Minister Turnbull of Australia and Mrs. Turnbull. Thank you very much. It's great honor.

Donald Trump: We're looking forward to sending our newly nominated ambassador, Admiral Harry Harris, to very shortly. He's an outstanding man. You're going to find that he is a great man.

Donald Trump: I want to thank the prime minister for offering his condolences on the horrible tragedy in Parkland, Florida. Americans are grateful for the prayers and support of our Australian friends, and friends they are, as our entire nation grieves the senseless loss of 17 precious lives and all the horribly injured.

Donald Trump: The United States and Australia are currently honoring 100 years of mateship, a term that you used very beautifully, Mr. Prime Minister.

Donald Trump: A century has passed since brave Americans and Australians first fought together in World War I. Over the last 100 years, our partnership has thrived as a bulwark of freedom, security and democracy. Last spring, the prime minister and I celebrated the remarkable 100-year milestone during an extraordinary evening on the USS Intrepid.

Donald Trump: And my friend, Greg Norman and Anthony Pratt and some of the others in the room today, they were -- hello, folks. Stand up, Greg. Stand up, Anthony. Where is Anthony? Good. It was a great evening. Thank you.

Donald Trump: This afternoon, I'm pleased to announce that the United States will named the Littoral Combat Ship 30 the USS Canberra in honor of Australian crews lost fighting alongside the U.S. Navy during World War II. Our secretary of the navy has chosen Australian Minister of Defense Marise Payne to be her sponsor.

Donald Trump: I know that the USS Canberra will be a worthy successor to both her Australian namesake and her American predecessor, the former Navy Baltimore class heavy cruiser, USS Canberra. As she sails the open sea, the new USS Canberra will symbolize to all who cross her path the enduring friendship between the United States and Australia. There is no closer friendship.

Donald Trump: Today, strengthened by our common values and history, we're working together to promote our mutual interests. I want to thank the prime minister for serving as a strong voice for peace and stability across the entire Indo-Pacific Region. Australia is one of our closest partners in our campaign of maximum pressure to denuclearize the Korean peninsula.

Donald Trump: Today, we put the strongest sanctions on Korea that we have ever put on a country. We must continue to stand together to prevent the brutal dictatorship from threatening the world with nuclear devastation. Our nations, likewise, share a commitment to keeping our people safe. Australian troops are currently serving alongside Americans and our partners in Afghanistan and the coalition to defeat ISIS.

Donald Trump: Today, we're denying terrorists' safe haven, cutting off their funding and discrediting their wicked ideology. ISIS land has been largely recaptured almost 100 percent. I'm very honored to say. And they are on the run.

Donald Trump: Our strong partnership can also be seen in our flourishing economic relationship. Australia remains the key market for U.S. defense products. We make the greatest products in the world, so you have very good taste in choosing our product. Automobiles and aircraft and our fair and reciprocal trading relationship is a model for other countries as we seek bilateral agreements.

Donald Trump: News that America is open for business has also reached Australian shores. In May, Australian entrepreneur Anthony Pratt announced a new $2 billion investment in box making factories across the United States. But he only did that if Trump won the election, I think. Is that a correct statement, Anthony? Thank you. Boy, that was a close one. I was worried. [Laughter] These people would have had a field day if you gave the wrong answer. Thank you.

Donald Trump: No, but Anthony did call and he said if he wins the election, we're going to spend billions of dollars in the United States and I appreciate your giving me a very, very correct comment. Thank you, Anthony. I'll never do that again.

Donald Trump: This investment will continue to build on an almost 100,000 American jobs that are taking place and already supportive by Australian companies. I'm glad to share that the United States is also, by far, the largest investor in Australia.

Donald Trump: In the room today are dozens of American and Australian business leaders and great athletes, great athletes and business leader, by the way, Greg, who are working together to identify further opportunities for bilateral investment and cooperation.

Donald Trump: Mr. Prime Minister, I also want to take the opportunity to congratulate you on your immigration reforms and on Australia's commitment to merit-based immigration. Are my friends from Congress listening to that? Merit based.

Donald Trump: We want to do merit-based immigration also. And we will. That really protects the interest of Australia and its people. It's the way to go. You've been very successful with it. Here, we're working very hard to do the same. In that sense, we're going to hopefully follow in your footprints.

Donald Trump: Prime Minister Turnbull, it's been a pleasure to host you today. Great lunch with your representatives. A lot was discussed and lot of deals were made for the purchase of additional military equipment and other things. For a century now, the people of the United States and Australia have inspired the world with their determination, their bravery and their generosity.

Donald Trump: I know that our close friendship and enduring alliance and our personal friendship will grow even stronger in the century to come. Our relationship with Australia will always be a very powerful and very successful relationship. It's been incredible and it's only getting better. Thank you very much. Thank you. [Applause]

Malcolm Turnbull: Mr. President, thank you so much. Lucy and I want to thank you and First Lady Melania Trump for your very warm welcome, your generous hospitality and your friendship.

Malcolm Turnbull: Our meeting today was a great opportunity to strengthen and deepen our engagement with the United States. You are our most important strategic and economic partner. And to lay the groundwork for a new phase of intensified cooperation, the next hundred years of mateship.

Malcolm Turnbull: Now, I'm here, as you noted, Mr. President, with the most substantial Australian delegation ever to travel to Washington, D.C. We have, in addition to the CEOs, several of whom you have identified here today, who are busy creating jobs. We spent much of our time today talking about jobs.

Malcolm Turnbull: They are creating jobs in Australia and in the United States, demonstrating that our two great nations committed to competition, to freedom, to economic innovation, science and technology working together. Complement each other.

Malcolm Turnbull: And that's why we're seeing strong jobs growth in both countries. We've had 403,000 jobs created last year in Australia, the largest number, Mr. President, in our country's history. Sixteen months of continued jobs growth.

Malcolm Turnbull: And we have been inspired, I have to say, by your success in securing the passage of the tax reforms through the Congress. We have secured some tax reforms in terms of reducing company tax but not as much as we need to do. We've got more work to do.

Malcolm Turnbull: And the stimulus, the economic stimulus that your reforms have delivered here in the United States is one of the most powerful arguments that we are deploying to persuade our legislature to support reducing business tax because, as you were demonstrating and as we all know, when you cut company tax, most of the benefit goes to workers.

Malcolm Turnbull: It produces more investment and you get more investment, you get more jobs. And, of course, I'm also joined on this visit with six of the leaders of our states and territories. The only two that are not here, Mr. President, are those that are fighting elections.

Malcolm Turnbull: So, as you can imagine that's always a top priority. And we're meeting at the national governor's association again, broadening and deepening the relationship. We have a huge amount to work with. Our relationship, as you said, has been forged over a century through times of war and peace, securing both our nation's freedom and security in the world.

Malcolm Turnbull: But our relationship is based not only on history, we have the same values. We share a deep wealth of trust and spirit based on those enduring values, of freedom, democracy, the rule of law, enterprise, ingenuity, the spirit of having a go and if it doesn't work out, dust yourself off and have another go. That is a core American and Australian value. That spirit of enterprise is what leads us on.

Malcolm Turnbull: And, of course, our relationship is under pinned by millions of people-to-people and family links and, of course, extensive economic cooperation we've spoken about. Our security alliance is as close as it possibly could be, yet keeps getting closer. The cooperation is more intense than it has ever been, whether we are standing up for freedom's cause in the Middle East in our region, around the world, combating terrorism.

Malcolm Turnbull: The cooperation in a connected world that we need to have is greater than ever. And that trust between Australia and the United States, between the thousands of brave service men and women working together right now, that trust underpins our security.

Malcolm Turnbull: You mentioned, Mr. President, our economic relationship and trade. Do you know since the Australia/U.S. free trade agreement came into force in 2005, two-way trade has grown by over 50 percent. The United States does have a trade surplus with Australia of $25 billion. It's your third largest trade surplus with us.

Malcolm Turnbull: But, you know we know it works for both of us. The two-way investment has more than doubled in the past decade, was worth around $1.1 trillion in 2016, again boosting jobs and growth in both our nations, both our economies.

Malcolm Turnbull: And today, we've agreed on some new initiatives that will deepen this relationship further, where it's seeking to expand transparent and global energy markets, cooperating on high-quality infrastructure and investment in the United States and in the region. We've spent a lot of time talking about infrastructure, including urban infrastructure. Mr. President, of course, you have a lifetime of experience in. And the leadership you're showing on infrastructure in the United States is being admired around the world and Australian companies and Australian experience is there to help, as you know and is already operating here, a number of our infrastructure players are very active in the U.S.

Malcolm Turnbull: We're obviously working to intensify our cooperation on digital trade. Bob Lighthizer and Wilbur Ross from your side, Steve Ciobo, my trade minister, who's here with him today, have made terrific progress in that regard.

Malcolm Turnbull: Now, we turn to security. Yesterday, Lucy and I were with General Dunford at the Arlington National Cemetery and we honored America's war dead. We honored an Australian airman who had died in combat in New Guinea in the Second World War, who was buried there at Arlington also.

Malcolm Turnbull: And we were reminded that all of the freedoms we enjoy, whether it is in our parliament in Canberra, or here in Washington or the White House or in the Congress, all those freedoms had to be secured generation after generation by courageous men and women defending freedom's cause.

Malcolm Turnbull: Our freedoms have depended on them. And Americans know, as Australian knows, that each of us have no better ally. We are mates, a hundred years of mateship.

Malcolm Turnbull: We're working together, as you said, to address the greatest threat to our region right now, North Korea's illegal nuclear weapons program. And I want to welcome and, of course, support, Mr. President, the new sanctions that have been announced today and we continue to do precisely with our own autonomous sanctions, and, of course, enforcing the U.N. Security Council-mandated sanctions.

Malcolm Turnbull: We're working to combat terrorism around the world, helping the Iraqis and the Afghans build up the resilience to hold their countries secure in the face of terrorists.

Malcolm Turnbull: And, of course, we both recognize that the prosperity of our region and, indeed, the world, has been under pinned and, in fact, built on a foundation of a rules-based order, which has been secured by the leadership of the United States ever since the Second World War.

Malcolm Turnbull: That leadership has been critical and the commitment you showed, Mr. President, when you came out to the region, to the East Asia Summit, to APEC last year, that commitment was so important.

Malcolm Turnbull: It spoke volumes for America's continued commitment to our region, to our part of the world, to the Indo Pacific. So vital. The engine room, if you like, of the fastest economic growth, most rapid economic growth we've seen in our times.

Malcolm Turnbull: Now, Mr. President, I want to thank you, as I have earlier in our meetings. I want to thank you for the very rare honor you have shown to Australia by naming one of your future Littoral combat ships, the USS Canberra. That is -- what a great symbol of our alliance and our shared security endeavors. What an extraordinary statement of commitment.

Malcolm Turnbull: And it's worth observing that that ship will be built by Austal in Mobile, Alabama. So you have an Australian company with American workers working, operating in the United States, building ships for the U.S. Navy. What a great example of 100 years of mateship.

Malcolm Turnbull: And when you grieve, as you said, you noted at the outset, so do we. So, we send our love, our prayers, our condolences to all the victims and their families of the shocking school shooting in Florida. We are mates. We stand by each other and when we are hurt, we are hurt as well. So, Mr. President, thank you for your warm welcome.

Malcolm Turnbull: A hundred years of mateship we celebrate 100 years ago on July 4th, General John Monash led American and Australian troops into battle in the First World War for the first time, and we've been side by side ever since. A hundred years of mateship celebrated and 100 more years to look forward to, closer than ever. Thank you very much. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much, Malcolm. That's very beautiful words and we appreciate it. On behalf of the first lady, who is right here and our great vice president, Mike, thank you very much. It's an honor to have you. We'll answer a couple of questions. Is that OK?

Malcolm Turnbull: Yes.

Donald Trump: How about Trey from One America News? Trey, where are you? Go ahead.

Trey Yingst: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Trey Yingst: I have a couple of questions for you.

Donald Trump: How about one? Go ahead, Trey.

Trey Yingst: We'll compromise at two. Following mass shootings, there's often a lot of talk and little action. So, I ask you today what specific pieces of legislation or legislative framework will you propose to lawmakers following the Parkland shooting?

Donald Trump: Well, we're going to do a lot, but we are going to be very strong on background checks. I've spoken with many of our people in Congress, our senators, our congressmen and women. And there's a movement on to get something done.

Donald Trump: We want to be very powerful on background checks. When we are dealing with the mentally ill, as we were in this last case, he was a very sick person and somebody that should have been nabbed. I guess they had 39 different occasions where they were able to see him or potentially see him. We want to be very powerful, very strong on background checks and especially as it pertains to the mentally ill.

Donald Trump: We're going to get rid of the bump stocks and we're going to do certain other things. But one of the feelings that I have -- and you probably heard me in a speech this morning -- very, very important that we have offensive capability as well as defensive capability within the schools, because when you have a gun-free zone, you're really inviting people to come in and do whatever you have to do and often times get out.

Donald Trump: Now, I was the one that brought up the fact that these shootings, on average, last three minutes and it takes anywhere from six to ten minutes for the police to get to the site.

Donald Trump: And I want to have people in the building and, in many cases you have ex-marines, ex-army, navy, air force, coast guard, you have them in the building and they can have concealed weapons and still be teachers or they could be in the building in a different capacity. But we have to have offensive capability to take these people out rapidly before they can do this kind of damage.

Donald Trump: But we'll be putting in strong language having to do with the background checks and that will take place very quickly. I spoke with Paul Ryan this morning, with Mitch McConnell. And people are looking to really energize.

Donald Trump: I know that you had -- this has been going on for a long time, many, many years. And you've had people in my position and they would mention things, but not a lot of things got done, obviously.

Donald Trump: We take it very seriously. We want to put an end to it. And if -- by the way, the bad guy thinks that somebody is in this room with a weapon that's going to be pointed at him with live bullets, he's not even going into the school. That's the one way you're going to solve it.

Donald Trump: You're not going to solve it with gun-free spaces because they'll get in there and they're going to be the only one with a gun. So, we need offensive capability and we are going to be doing something about it. We're dealing with Congress right now. Thank you.

Question: If I can follow up, Mr. President, amid talks of arming teachers and mental health, what specific commitments to American students can you make that these policies will make them safer?

Donald Trump: Well, I think it's going to make it safer. And, you know, the problem that's been happening over the last 20 years is people have talked. You said it, it's all talk, it's no action.

Donald Trump: And we're going to take action. I think it's going to make it safer. I think the fact that you have some capability within a school, they're not going to go into that school. They're not going to do it.

Donald Trump: You can look at what's happened with airplanes. We put marshals on planes with guns, where pilots in many cases have guns. Nothing has happened in a long period of time when it used to almost it was getting to the point of being routine.

Donald Trump: When you have somebody with a gun staring you down, it's going to be a lot different for them to walk into those schools. Right now, they look at the sign outside. This is a gun-free environment. That means they're the only one with a gun. And the damage this lunatic did in that school for such a long period of time.

Donald Trump: And frankly, you had a gun and he was outside as a guard and he decided not to go in. That was not his finest moment. That, I can tell you. He waited and he didn't want to go into the school. I just heard this. And it's a terrible situation.

Donald Trump: But we need people that can take care of our children. We're not going to let this happen again. And the way it's not going to happen again -- because they're basically cowards. Innately, they're cowards. And if they know bad things happen to them once they get into that school, by people that love the children -- see, a security guard doesn't know the children, doesn't love the children.

Donald Trump: This man standing outside of the school the other day doesn't love the children, probably doesn't know the children. The teachers love their children. They love their pupils. They love their students.

Donald Trump: They're doing it also for love. Now they have to be very adept. I'm not talking about every teacher. I'm talking about a small percentage. But people that have great ability with weaponry, with guns, those are the only people I'm talking about. But they'll protect the student. For the prime minister?

Question: Certainly. Thank you, Mr. Prime Minister, for joining us today here in Washington. Australia is known for helping the Syrian people and Syrian refugees. So, I ask you today, as the world watches, what steps can Australia take with the help of President Trump and the United States to ensure that civilians are protected in eastern Ghouta?

Malcolm Turnbull: Well, the Australian armed forces have been working as part of the coalition to defeat Daesh in Iraq and Syria for some time now.

Malcolm Turnbull: That's been our principal concentration or focus of our efforts now is in Iraq as opposed to Syria, where we are training both their elite special service unit, their counterterrorism service and their regular army and armed police. We have trained over 30,000 personnel at our Task Force Taji, which is based at the Taji airfield near Baghdad.

Malcolm Turnbull: The -- in terms of refugees, Australia has a very substantial humanitarian program. We are currently taking about 18,000 refugees a year. We've taken 12,000 from the -- in addition to that from the Syrian conflict zone. But we determined which -- we are very careful about security, of course, in terms of our humanitarian program.

Malcolm Turnbull: We are currently taking about 18,000 refugees a year. We've taken -- we've taken 12,000 from the -- in addition to that, from the Syrian conflict zone.

Malcolm Turnbull: But we -- we determine which -- we are very careful about security, of course, in terms of our humanitarian program. But I think it would be fair to say that the -- the president has, of course, the most insight into this area here.

Malcolm Turnbull: But it'd be fair to say that, ultimately, the resolution in Syria has to be a political settlement. And that, I'm sure, is what Secretary Tillerson is -- is working towards.

Question: And, if I could briefly follow up, specifically, though, in Syria, as two of the most powerful men in the entire world, is there anything that you can do to stop the bloodshed?

Malcolm Turnbull: Well, the -- ultimately, there has to be a political settlement. It is a -- you know, the -- the campaign to destroy Daesh or ISIL has been largely completed. Their terror -- you know, the so- called caliphate has been reduced down to, you know, a few pockets.

Malcolm Turnbull: It's been -- it has been smashed, and that has been -- and Americans and Australians have worked bravely, effectively with our allies and partners in the region to do that.

Malcolm Turnbull: That's very important, by the way, to keep Australians and Americans safe at home, because the -- the image of ISIL's invincible caliphate, you know, sweeping across Syria and Iraq and they said they were going to sweep across Europe -- all of that was a big recruiting tool.

Malcolm Turnbull: So this was a very important part of our global effort. But ultimately, the settlement in those -- in that region has to come from a political settlement among the people who live there.

Donald Trump: I will say, what Russia and what Iran and what Syria have done recently is a humanitarian disgrace. I will tell you that. We're there for one reason: We're there to get ISIS and get rid of ISIS and go home. We're not there for any other reason. And we've largely accomplished our goal.

Donald Trump: But what those three countries have done to people over the last short period of time is a disgrace. OK, would you like to ask a question, Mr. Prime Minister?

Malcolm Turnbull: Yes. I think -- yes, Phil Coorey from the Australian Financial Review.

Phil Coorey: Thanks, gentlemen. Mr. Trump, Mr. Turnbull, Phil Coorey from the Financial Review. To you, Mr. Trump, just on the region and China and associated issues, the United States Navy has conducted frequently freedom of navigation sail-throughs through disputed areas. Would you like to see the Australian Navy participate directly in those operations alongside the U.S. ally?

Phil Coorey: And whilst on the region, can I ask you what your latest thinking is on the Trans-Pacific Partnership? Are you softening your opposition to that or do you remain -- remain as opposed as ever?

Donald Trump: Well, I think the Trans-Pacific Partnership was not a good deal for us. And if they made it a good deal for us, I'd go in. But honestly, it wasn't.

Donald Trump: I like bilateral deals much more than multilateral. I like to be able to negotiate with one country, and if it doesn't work out, you terminate. And during the termination notice, right after you consent, they call you and they say, "Please

Donald Trump: But Trans-Pacific Partnership -- TPP was a very bad deal for the United States. It would have cost us tremendous amounts of jobs, would have been bad. But there is a possibility we would go in, but they will be offering us a much better deal. I would certainly do that.

Donald Trump: As far as your lanes are concerned, we'd love to have Australia involved. And I think Australia wants us to stay involved.

Donald Trump: I have to say, we've developed a great relationship with China, other than the fact that they've been killing us on trade for the last long period of time -- killing us, absolutely killing the United States on trade. But we have developed a great relationship with China; probably closer than we've ever had.

Donald Trump: And my personal relationship, as Malcolm can tell you, with President Xi is, I think, quite extraordinary. He's somebody that I like and I think he likes me. With that being said, he likes China and I like the United States. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: But a lot of things are happening. It's going to be a very interesting period of time. But we do have to straighten out -- and as much as I like and respect -- really respect President Xi, we have to straighten out the trade imbalance. So much, it's no good. Malcolm Turnbull

Kieran Gilbert: Kieran Gilbert, Sky News Australia. General Mattis has called China a revisionist power and that there are growing threats from China, yet you're very positive about your relationship with Xi. Can you tell us, is it a friend or a foe?

Kieran Gilbert: And on North Korea, the sanctions, if they don't work, are all options still on the table? Can I get your answer and also the prime minister's thoughts?

Donald Trump: Well, to the second, we'll have to see. I don't think I'm going to exactly play that card. But we'll have to see. If the sanctions don't work, we'll have to go phase two. And phase two may be a very rough thing. May be very, very unfortunate for the world.

Donald Trump: But hopefully the sanctions will work. We have tremendous support all around the world for what we're doing. It really is a rogue nation.

Donald Trump: If we can make a deal, it'll be a great thing. And if we can't, something will have to happen. So we'll see. As far as General Mattis is concerned, I mean, he has that view, and a lot of people have that view.

Donald Trump: China's tough. They're getting stronger. They're getting stronger, to a large extent, with a lot of the money they've made from having poor leadership in the United States, because the United States leadership has allowed them to get away with murder.

Donald Trump: With that being said, I think we can have a truly great, even trading relationship with China. Hopefully, that's going to work out. And hopefully, the relationship I have with President Xi will make that happen. Only time will tell. Thank you.

Malcolm Turnbull: Well, I can confirm that President Trump and President Xi see eye to eye in -- in every respect. And they -- they have a -- it -- it is -- it's very clear, at the meetings I've been at, which -- which we've attended in the region, the East Asia Summit, and so forth, APEC -- the respect that they have with each other.

Malcolm Turnbull: And I think it's the most -- single most important relationship, between China and the United States. It's clearly very respectful, very frank, very clear-eyed. For -- for our own part, we see China's rise as being overwhelmingly a positive for the region and for the world.

Malcolm Turnbull: The critical thing, of course, is the rule of law is maintained. You know, that is -- you know, that the -- the -- the -- there are people that want to try to paint the United States and its -- and its allies like Australia as being against China in some sort of rerun of the Cold War. That -- you know, that's -- that -- that is not appropriate. It's not accurate.

Malcolm Turnbull: What we need to ensure is that the rules of the road, the rule of law, the rules-based system, where, you know, big countries can't push around little countries; where, to quote Lee Kuan Yew, all those years ago, where you don't have a world where the big fish eat the little fish, and the little fish eat the shrimps; where you have that rule of law that protects everybody, that is what has enabled the great growth in our region.

Malcolm Turnbull: That's what's enabled hundreds of billions -- millions of people in our region, and including in China, to be lifted out of poverty. So maintaining that rules-based order is what we are committed to, and we all have a vested interested in doing so.

Malcolm Turnbull: And I just want to say again to the president that the -- that his -- his presence -- his own personal presence in our region at the end of last year was -- sent such a powerful message.

Malcolm Turnbull: The regular visits by Secretary Tillerson, Secretary Mattis and, of course, the presence of the United States Navy and so many other manifestations of American commitment to the region, is so important to maintaining that rules- based order. Believe me, that has been the foundation of the success, the prosperity and the security these last 40 or more years.

Donald Trump: I don't think we've ever had a better relationship with China than we do right now. The only thing that can get in its way is trade, because it's so one- sided, it's so lopsided. And the people that stood here for many years, in this position, right where I am right now, should never have allowed that to happen.

Donald Trump: It's very unfair to the United States, and it's very unfair to the workers of the United States. Very, very unfair.

Donald Trump: And even today, it's extremely hard on companies that want to do business in China, because the barriers are incredible, whereas the barriers coming into our country are foolishly not. Foolishly. I believe in reciprocal trade. If they do something to us, we do something to them.

Donald Trump: Well, that never happened, and it's gotten worse and worse over the years. But we'll correct it. That can be the only thing that can get in the way of a truly long-term great relationship. Because we have all the ingredients for friendship. From the Washington Examiner, Gabby?

Gabby Morrongiello: Thank you, Mr. President. Your chief of staff, General Kelly, has recommended ending the practice of granting interim security clearances to members of the Trump administration.

Donald Trump: Yep.

Gabby Morrongiello: If that proceeds, would you be willing to grant a waiver to Jared Kushner, one of your senior advisers?

Donald Trump: Well, Jared's done an outstanding job. I think he's been treated very unfairly. He's a high-quality person. He works for nothing, just so -- you know, nobody ever reports that, but he gets zero. He doesn't get a salary, nor does Ivanka, who's now in South Korea -- long trip -- representing her country. And we cannot get a better representative.

Donald Trump: In fact, the first lady, Melania, was telling me what a great impression she made this morning when she landed in South Korea. Jared is truly outstanding. He's -- he's -- he was very successful when he was in the private sector. He's working on peace in the Middle East and some other small and very easy deals.

Donald Trump: They've always said, "Peace in the Middle East

Donald Trump: We're actually making great headway. Jerusalem was the right thing to do. We took that off the table. But Jared Kushner's right in the middle of that, and he's an extraordinary deal-maker. And if he does that, that will be an incredible accomplishment and a very important thing for our country.

Donald Trump: So General Kelly, who's doing a terrific job, by the way, is right in the middle of that. We inherited a system that's broken. It's a system where many people have just -- it's taken months and months and months to get many people that do not have the complex financial -- you know, complicated financials -- they don't have that, and it's still taken months.

Donald Trump: It's a broken system, and it shouldn't take this long. You know how -- how many people are on that list -- people with not a problem in the world. So that'll be up to General Kelly. General Kelly respects Jared a lot and General Kelly will make that call. I won't make that call. I will let the general, who's right here, make that call.

Donald Trump: But Jared's doing some very important things for our country. He gets paid zero. Ivanka, by the way, gets paid zero. She gave up a very good and very strong, solid, big business in order to come to Washington, because she wanted to help families and she wanted to help women. She said, "Dad

Donald Trump: And I said "You know

Donald Trump: So I will let General Kelly make that decision. And he's going to do what's right for the country. And I have no doubt he'll make the right decision, OK? Thank you very much.

Question: [Crosstalk]

Malcolm Turnbull: Yeah.

Question: ... Prime Minister, your country conducted a buyback program of semi-automatic weapons back in the mid '90s and hasn't had a mass shooting ever since.

Question: Is this something that you've discussed with President Trump? And did you at all urge him to reconsider his current recommendations to combat mass shootings in the United States?

Malcolm Turnbull: Well, the -- our history with gun control and regulation is obviously very different to the United States'. And you're right, there was a mass shooting in Tasmania in 1996.

Malcolm Turnbull: And my predecessor, John Howard, who's very well known here in the United States -- Prime Minister for nearly 12 years -- John undertook some very big reforms. And, basically, semi-automatic and -- let alone automatic weapons -- are, essentially, not available.

Malcolm Turnbull: Indeed, there are many classes of the -- the range of firearms that are available to people that don't have a specific, you know, professional need, like, you know, people who are involved in pest control and so forth, are very, very limited.

Malcolm Turnbull: But it's a completely different context historically, legally and so forth. We are very satisfied with our laws. We maintain them. We -- they're there. They're well known. You've referred to them. But we certainly don't presume to provide, you know, policy or political advice on -- on that matter here.

Malcolm Turnbull: This is a -- the -- you have an amendment to your Constitution which deals with gun ownership. You have a very, very different history. And I will focus on our own political arguments and debates and wish you wise deliberation in your own.

Donald Trump: And I have to add to that. They're very different countries with very different sets of problems. But I think we're well on the way to solving that horrible problem that happens far too often in the United States.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, everybody. We appreciate it. Thank you. Mr. Prime Minister, thank you very much.