Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-conference-coronavirus-economy-june-5-2020

Donald Trump: Well thank you very much. This is a very big day for our country. It's affirmation of all of the work we have been doing really for 3 1/2 years, this is just over the last few months, this is for 3.5 years and it is a great thing. We were very strong. We had the greatest economy in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: We had the greatest economy in the history of the world and that strength led us get through this horrible pandemic, largely through. I think we are doing really well. Vaccines by the way I had a meeting yesterday on vaccines, we are doing incredibly well with that. I think you are going to have some very positive surprises and therapeutics likewise we are doing extremely well.

Donald Trump: Cures, we are doing well. I think those two words really blends in with each other but tremendous progress is being made on vaccines. In fact we have ready to go in terms of transportation and logistics. We have over 2 million ready to go if it checks out for safety and it is also the nice part is we have four companies I guess you could even say seven or eight companies that are doing some similar and some very different on the vaccine front and some similar and somewhat different on the therapeutic front so tremendous progress is being made on that and I think even without that and I have to say even without that and I don't think you are going to having to use that in the future that statement even without because I think they are going to have it but we are going to be back and we are opening our country and I hope that the lockdown governors, I don't know why they continue to lockdown because if you look at Georgia, if you look at Florida, if you look out South Carolina, if you look at so many different places that have opened up I don't want to name all of them but the ones that are most energetic about opening they are doing tremendous business and this is what these numbers are all about and you have to remember one other thing very importantly I think it is extremely important for you to remember that many of our states are closed or almost closed, some of the big ones New York, New Jersey they will start, they are starting now to get open I hope and I hope they also use our National Guard.

Donald Trump: Call me, we will be ready for them so fast their heads will spend. We did it in Minnesota, and Minneapolis we were incredible. They were ripping that place the part. I love the -- I love it. We had such a success there and they were ripping it apart and I call the governor and the National Guard went in and one night it was over.

Donald Trump: You don't see the problem in Minnesota now at all not even a little bit. You take a look at a great city it just a great, great city, Minneapolis and it was under sees like nobody has ever seen where people are running from a police department, they great police and they were told to, they didn't want to run, they were told to. It's bad -- bad governing and I am not blaming the governor, I am blaming the mayor but we want to get all of this finished.

Donald Trump: This is a great tribute while we are announcing today is a tremendous tribute to the quality. We are bringing our jobs back. You know when we had our tremendous numbers and when we had just prior to the China plague that floated in we had numbers, the best in history for African-American, for Hispanic and American and for Asian American and for every body.

Donald Trump: Best for women, best for people without a diploma, young people without a diploma, I mean so many different categories. Our numbers were the best in almost every category. We had the most people working in the history of our country, almost 160 million people. We were never even close to that. So we had things that were we were doing so well and then it came in but we are going to be back there.

Donald Trump: I think we are actually going to be back higher next year than ever before and the only thing that can stop us is bad policy frankly left-wing bad policy of raising taxes and Green New Deals and all of the things that you have been writing about long and hard that will stop it like you wouldn't believe and frankly is holding it back.

Donald Trump: If -- if there were no possibility that that can happen and I like to be an optimistic person I think we're looking very good, I think even before today our polls were -- the polls I've seen and the polls that we do were looking very good. But if we didn't have the possibility of having massively higher taxes like the Democrats want to do and Green New Deals which are totally ridiculous frankly ridiculous and I'm a big environmentalist, I believe strongly in taking care of our environment.

Donald Trump: We have the cleanest air we've ever had like over the modern era, which let's say you go back 30 years we have the cleanest air the cleanest water we have ever had. We are setting all sorts of really good environmental records we are very proud of that, but the Green New Deal would kill our country. The Green New Deal would have a devastating effect on the world, and it's not going to happen anyway because it's impossible for them to do it. If you ever look at what they want to do under the Green New Deal, it's like baby talk but we are doing something that -- this was an important day because this shows that what we are doing is right and the reason it's been and is so good is because the body was strong; our body was so powerful that we could actually close our country save millions of lives, stopped people very early on from China from coming in because we stopped early at the end of January very early people coming from China who were infected coming into our country.

Donald Trump: That was a very hard decision to make nobody almost nobody want me to make it. I would almost say nobody wanted me to make it but we may that decision and even my enemies that I was an extremely important -- we save tens of thousands of lives with that decision. So we did a lot of things and then we really ended up with empty cupboards.

Donald Trump: We went into a ventilator period that the likes of which nobody has seen since the second world war. We mobilized -- nobody has ever seen anything like it and then we did tests. We're over 20 million or very close but I think we are over 20 million test more than anybody in the world. Germany is at about it 4 and South Korea is at 3.5. We are over 20 and by the way when you do more testing you have more cases.

Donald Trump: We have more cases than anybody because we do more testing than anybody is pretty simple. But this is outstanding what has happened today. Now they thought the number would be a loss of 9 million jobs and it was a gain of almost 3 million jobs nobody has ever seen anything I think it was incredible in a couple of ways.

Donald Trump: Number one the numbers are great and this leads us onto a long period of growth. We will have the greatest -- we will go back to having the greatest economy anywhere in the world nothing close and I think we're going to have a very good upcoming few months. I think you are going to have a very good August, a very good July but a spectacular -- maybe spectacular September but a spectacular October, November, December next year is going to be one of the best years we've ever had economically and if you look at the numbers they bear it out.

Donald Trump: But we were strong it is sort of like when you are going for an operation if a person is healthy, healthy, we were healthy. We had the greatest economy in the world we went in for an operation we closed our country down; we closed it down. We save possibly 2 million, 2.5 million lives. Now it could have been 1 million lives I don't think anything less than that but if you think we are at 105 million today the 105,000 today that would mean at the lowest number it would be 10 times that amount and I think everybody believes the least if we went herd as they say and if you look at Brazil they're having a very hard time.

Donald Trump: And by the way, they can bringing up Sweden it has come back to haunt Sweden, Sweden is having a terrible time. If we did that we would have lost 1 million, 1.5 million, maybe even 2.5 million or more lives so we are at 105,000 lives, big move closing it up. We also closed it up to Europe. Europe became very infected from China a gift from China not good.

Donald Trump: They should have stopped it. They should have stopped it at the source but it's a gift from China and a very bad gift I will tell you that. And you do say how come at Wuhan where it started, and they were very badly -- they were in bad trouble but it didn't go to any other parts it didn't go to Beijing, it didn't get to other parts of China then you say how come it came out to Europe, to the world, to the United States?

Donald Trump: So it didn't go to China. They stopped it cold. They knew it was a problem but they didn't stop it cold from coming to the United States, Europe and the rest of the world. Somebody has to ask these questions and we'll get down to the answer. You know we -- we made a great trade deal, great. They are going to buy $250 billion worth of product and by the way they are doing okay but the ink wasn't dry on that deal when the -- when the plague floated in. What's going on? A plague is floating in from China.

Donald Trump: What's going on? So the ink wasn't dry so I guess I view the trade deal a little bit differently than I did three months ago. It's a great deal I will say they are buying a lot from us and in that way I respect and getting along with China would be a good thing. I don't know that's going to happen I will let you know we will let you know.

Donald Trump: I think they want to get along very much with us, but we built a tremendous thing, a tremendous power platform. So, when it got ill, when we had a problem, we were able to cut it off, stop it just like this, stop it, keep everyone inside, keep them away, keep them together away uninfected, and we saved millions of lives.

Donald Trump: And now we're opening and we're opening with a bang. And we've been talking about the V. This is better than the V. This is a rocket ship. This is far better than a V. A V is wonderful. A V is this. They were talking about will it be a V, a U, an L. they had no idea. And I was watching one of the shows, and I have great respect for the people, and they said will it be 9 million in a job losses?

Donald Trump: Will it be -- what will be -- the number be? Will it be -- are they going to report record numbers when we break 20 percent? What will the number be? And, you know, I don't know because we were in -- and I don't think we're in that territory anymore. We were in uncharted territory. Nobody's ever had a situation like that.

Donald Trump: So, the number was 9 million and one of the people was getting -- no, no, I think it's going to be 10 million. That's 10 million negative, losses. And then somebody else said, no, we think it's going to be 8.7, 9.2, 9 -- everyone was right around that number. This is great geniuses, and they are. I watch them all the time, and oftentimes they're right.

Donald Trump: Warren Buffett sold airlines a little while ago. He's been right his whole life, but sometimes even somebody like Warren Buffett, I have a lot of respect for him, they make mistakes. They should have kept the airline stocks because the airline stocks are going through the roof today, and others did too. The whole market went through the roof.

Donald Trump: But they said 9 million, 9 million job losses, 9 million. It's what going to be? Are we going to break 20 percent? Are we to break it? And then the numbers came in. And one of the folks that was reading the number said, wow, this is a great number. It's only 3 million job losses. And then reading it and saying, you know, I don't think this -- I'm not reading this right.

Donald Trump: Let me look at it again. Oh, wait a minute, this is 3 million gain almost, 3 million jobs gained. And then they shouted out -- one of them sort of semi shouted out, is this a typo? I think it was probably the greatest miscalculation in the history of business shows, the history of business shows talking about Wall Street.

Donald Trump: And that's okay. But one of the reasons we are in this position is because we had such a strong foundation. So, we were able to close our country, save millions of lives, open, and now the trajectory is great. Don't forget New York is barely included and that's one of our big ones. California is barely included because they're not open, and they should open, by the way.

Donald Trump: The mayor of Los Angeles wants to keep this thing closed for a long time. Look at what's going on in Florida. It's incredible. The job the governor of Florida has done, it's incredible, the numbers they're doing. You've got to open it up, and you do social distancing and you wear masks if you want and the do things.

Donald Trump: You can do a lot of things. You're getting closer together. Even you, I noticed you're starting to get much closer together. It looks much better, I must say, not all the way there yet but you'll be there soon. But it's a tremendous thing that happened, and the reason it happened is because we had a really strong patient.

Donald Trump: We had a patient that was so powerful, so strong that we could close it and open. And I -- I give it to this analogy. Somebody told me yesterday, it was Larry -- Larry Kudlow. He said, sir, this is like a hurricane. And we weren't worried. We didn't know. Is this going to be a hurricane or a major, major recession?

Donald Trump: A major recession that's not artificially closed because we artificially -- this was artificially closed. We just said, boom, closed, and everything just stopped. And also, you know what else stopped? Big numbers on death by doing that. And that's why I had to do it. We made every decision correctly, but it was like we stopped.

Donald Trump: So it was an artificial closing. And then what happened, very incredibly, as the numbers go -- and Larry was saying that with a hurricane, you have a horrible hurricane in Florida or Texas, and it's devastating. And then the hurricane goes away and within two hours everyone's rebuilding and fixing and cleaning and cutting the grass.

Donald Trump: And I've seen it in Texas. I've seen it everywhere. I've seen it everywhere. Texas had a massive one, Louisiana, hurricanes, Florida, hurricanes. And what happens is right after the hurricane, boom. And this is what this is. This isn't a terrible recession. I don't even mention the D word. I don't talk about the D word.

Donald Trump: I don't want to talk about it because every time somebody even mentions it, I don't like the D word. But if you had a really, really big, bad recession, it would take -- it could take 10, 12, how long did it take in 1929? It took many years to recover from that. How many -- how long?

Larry Kudlow: Ten years.

Donald Trump: Yeah, 10. I heard 10. I think longer than 10 but that's okay. I heard 14, 15 years. Larry says 10 so let's go with 10. But it takes a long time to recover. But a hurricane, you're back in business in one day, two days, three days. And it's devastating and it's hard. And this was a hurricane and is going to get better fast because a lot of the numbers that you see, they're early numbers.

Donald Trump: They're not even from this last month. And by the way, speaking of that, you had the greatest 50 day rally in the history of our exchanges, the greatest 50 day rally. And we have a lot of protesters and we have something else, right? We have something else. We have a pandemic. We've made tremendous progress really on both.

Donald Trump: If you look at where we've come on both, we've made tremendous progress on both, tremendous progress. But you're looking, and the people are now starting to return to work. So, it's been an incredible thing to see. It's been a beautiful thing to see. The experts predicted that the economy would lose tremendous numbers of jobs.

Donald Trump: And of course, from the beginning, it has, but you're going to see how fast that's made up. I'm telling you, next year unless something happens where the wrong people get in here, this can -- this can turn around. Your 401(k)s will go down to numbers -- if people didn't get rid of stocks in their 401(k)s, they're almost even.

Donald Trump: Think of it. With a pandemic, and with one of the worst things that's ever happened, we -- no -- our country has never lost 105,000 people, whether it's World Trade Center, which was 2,900, or Pearl Harbor, which was less than that. We've never lost anything close to this. But it's not only our country, is the whole world.

Donald Trump: The world is suffering so badly, 186 countries at this moment. And that affects us too. But we're a positive force. We're the -- the key to the world, in a sense. And the fact that we're doing well, I see already they're starting to do much better in other parts of the world. That's a great thing because we're working with the world.

Donald Trump: That's a great thing because we're working with the world. And we're working with China too. We're working with everybody. But what happened should have never happened. So, we had a tremendous morning, a tremendous announcement. It was shocking to even great pros. I watched Maria Bartiromo. I watched Jim Cramer.

Donald Trump: I watched a lot of people, Joe Kiernan.

Donald Trump: He was pretty positive, Charles Payne he was very positive for a long time. A lot of people got it right, they had confidence in me, they had confidence in this team and they got it right. I think that is the only thing they could base it on because we were unchartered territory. I would like to just say that renewal restoration and recovery of the most vulnerable areas of America is going to be my focus.

Donald Trump: It's going to be a big focus because it's taking care of itself but we have to help that very vulnerable area. They are vulnerable. It's not right and we are helping them and we have helped them in the past and we are also opportunity zones, criminal justice reform. Nobody has ever done for the black community what President Trump has done.

Donald Trump: Think of it. Historically black small colleges and universities. They would come here for money every here, every year for many, many years. After three years I said why are you doing this? Why do you keep coming here? They said because we come. I said don't you get a long-term deal so you don't have to come?

Donald Trump: The head of one of the very respected colleges said looked at me said sir, we are like beggars. Every year we have to come to Washington and beg for money. I said you should have a long-term deal and we signed a long-term deal so they don't have to come. I will miss them. I told him I will miss them. I got to know them both the first year I didn't think anything of it of a second year I said that strange why are you here and then the third year not so long ago same people the heads of the historically black small colleges and universities, 44 people, may be a little more than that, little less than that sometimes but after three years I said what are you doing?

Donald Trump: They said the past administration did nothing for us. The administration before that did nothing for them so I'm going to do it. So we did. The opportunity zones with Senator Tim Scott has been fantastic and by the way it is one of the great unknowns because the opportunity zones you don't talk about it, it is one of the most incredible success stories ever in terms of the inner cities and in terms of black and Hispanic and Asian unemployment opportunity zones, you ought to do some stories about opportunity zones.

Donald Trump: Billions and billions of dollars of private money is being invested and putting people to work in getting money that they have never made before so it has been really a terrific thing. It is now time for us to work together as we rebuild, renew, and recover the great promise of America and that is true. We are going to work together.

Donald Trump: It will all work out, it will all work out. Some governors may need a little help yet but I think for the most part they are in good shape. We have fantastic military. We have fantastic National Guard. National Guard was barely used and these people have done an unbelievable job. They helped the Secret Service and Washington Secret Service by the way are unbelievable.

Donald Trump: The job they did in the White House is unbelievable. There was never any form of like this sounds dangerous. All I could see is when I was seeing on television but they were outside and the Secret Service was incredible but we were also held by the DC police and we were helped by the National Guard was unbelievable.

Donald Trump: They came in and this was like a piece of cake and I really am suggesting because if you look at Minnesota and the great success we have their and other places I am suggesting to some of these governors that are to proud in New York I mean you see what is going on there don't be proud, get the job done. You will end up looking much better in the end.

Donald Trump: Call in the National Guard, call me we will have so many people, more people then you have to dominate the streets. You can't let what's happened happen. It's called dominate the streets. You can't let that happen in New York where they are breaking into stores and all of the things and by the way hurting many small businesses.

Donald Trump: You can't let it happen. Equal justice under the law must mean that every American receives equal treatment in every encounter with law enforcement regardless of race, color, gender, or creed they have to receive fair treatment from law enforcement. They have to receive it. We all saw what happened last week.

Donald Trump: We can't let that happen. Hopefully, George is looking down right now and saying this is a great thing that is happening for our country. A great day for him, it's a great day for everybody. It's a great day for everybody. This is a great, great day in terms of the quality. It is really what our Constitution requires and it is whether country is all about.

Donald Trump: I just want to finish by saying to save the economy we pass several pieces of critical legislation totaling many trillions of dollars meaning three. We are set up to do more if we want. I think we should because we -- we are dominant. For many years as a bystander but somebody that love government, somebody that love this country I would watch and study and see just you know when I say study naturally study by watching but if you go back China was going to catch us in 2019 and that was like a given.

Donald Trump: You know you go back five years, six years, seven years. It was always yeah, China will catch America catch the United States in 2019 and then it will become the dominant economy. Never happened. It's not going to happen. We dominated them over the last year and a half, two years. We took in tens of billions of dollars in tariffs that they paid for.

Donald Trump: I gave some of that money just a small fraction to our farmers which made them whole, more than whole. That is why they are all in business, made them more than whole and it came right out of the terror of money and the reason we didn't pay is because China devalued their currency paid plus they also put additional money to it because if they didn't do that nobody would have bought their product.

Donald Trump: We made a great deal because of that. That is the only reason we are able to make a good deal because of the possibility of tariffs because China is taking tremendous advantage of the United States. We helped rebuild China. We gave them $500 billion a year. How stupid - make how stupid are the people that represented our country with China and many other countries but that is all changing?

Donald Trump: And it was in the process of changing very big you know we can China had a very bad year before the plague and now I think hopefully they are going to have a great year. I want them to have a great year but we are going to have better years than they ever have. We have a better system, much better system.

Donald Trump: We made a American sure of themselves and we took care of families. We gave benefits and we sent $1200 to every individual making less than $75,000 and $4000 almost to every family of four earning less than $150,000. That's a lot, isn't it? You know when you think 150 but that is what is happening with our country.

Donald Trump: If you look at other countries even countries that you think they are doing well they don't talk about $150,000 as being median. $150,000, that is tremendous. That is a great tribute to the people of our country. The job search that we are seeing right now is widespread. Leisure and hospitality added 1.2 million jobs.

Donald Trump: Construction jobs are up listen to this 464,000. Education and health services rose 424,000. Retail trade is up 368,000 and here is the one I like the best remember previous administration that you need a magic wand for manufacturing. Manufacturing which we have up to 600,000 jobs prior to the plague manufacturing rose to 225,000 jobs up by so we picked up 225,000 manufacturing jobs.

Donald Trump: That is very unexpected. Everything - make everything that you have seen this morning is unexpected even the pros sitting here would understand that. Everything. We also smashed expectations on the unemployment rate. The prediction was that the unemployment rate would rise to over 20 percent and instead it dropped to around a little more than 13 percent, slight difference and this time the greatest comeback in American history today is probably if you think of it the greatest comeback in American history but it is not going to stop here.

Donald Trump: It is going to keep going because so many places are closed. I was watching our great vice president today being interviewed on CNBC. He did a phenomenal job and he -- he made a statement. He said this is not going to stop and 100 percent he is always attributing everything to me but I will attribute this statement to him he said it's not going to stop because the numbers that you are looking at don't include all of those states that are closed.

Donald Trump: They haven't even opened yet. We are going to be stronger than we were when we were riding high and our stock market is almost -- it is just short of an all-time high. I've had 144 all-time highs stock markets during a 3 1/2 year period. Nobody has ever come close to that and we are going to do it again but it's going to be even stronger than last time.

Donald Trump: When I would say that to you two, three months ago I could see what's happened. I have a good -- I always did well with numbers but I had a feel for it. I said that even the other day I was saying I think we are going to have a tremendous next year. I think it's going to be a phenomenal next year.

Donald Trump: I didn't know it would start this quickly. I thought we'd start in August, September. But, it started very early. Amazing -- it's an amazing thing. But, it means that they're likely to return, and all of these jobs that we're talking about now aren't even included because some of our biggest places aren't opened.

Donald Trump: They're opening up now. I think New York's opening up like as of today. And that's one of our big ones. New Jersey -- they're all working hard. The governors are all working hard. To save millions of American lives, we took that unnecessary evil -- we took it out of the -- we had -- we had to do what we did.

Donald Trump: We had a very, very strong push not to do anything. We would have lost -- we would have lost so many people. But, very importantly, the economy wouldn't have been as good as it is because nobody expected this. I don't think there's anybody sitting here that can say -- I want to see it on tape -- as opposed to just saying, "Oh, I did that." But, some were predicting pretty good numbers like people I mentioned.

Donald Trump: But, we took a tremendous step and a tremendous risk, and we've gone up in a level. And this level is going to be nothing compared to what you see in coming months and especially next year. So, the best strategy to ensure the health of our people moving forward is to focus our resources on protecting high risk populations like the elderly and those in nursing homes, while allowing younger and healthy Americans to get back to work immediately and open up our schools, open them up. We understand this disease now.

Donald Trump: We didn't understand it. Nobody's ever seen it before. It's very tough, very contagious, very mean to certain people. We've learned a lot. We didn't know. Nobody knew anything about it. But, we learned a lot. And I have to thank everybody for working so hard, Jared and Mike and the task force and all of the people, the admiral, the general.

Donald Trump: They were saying, "Oh, you should use admirals." I said, "I did." "You should use generals." I said, "I did." Used them both. We had some incredible people on the task force. The job they did in getting ventilators built by the thousand -- thousands -- we're giving to Nigeria, to France, to Spain, to Italy, we're -- to many, many countries, to U.K. They're having a hard time.

Donald Trump: We're giving them ventilators. It's a great thing. I mean, they're very hard to make. They're long term items. We mobilized. Nobody's ever seen anything like it. Just like the second world war. There hasn't been a mobilization like this since the second world war, especially ventilators because it's hard.

Donald Trump: It's big. It's complex, very complex machinery, computerized all over the place, and very expensive. And we're building thousands a week right now. We're building thousands a week. We have all we can use. No governor -- you hear the calls. You listen in on those calls. Frankly, you're invited to, if you want.

Donald Trump: But, you do anyway, even if you're not invited. And you see what's going on. Every governor -- there's not been one patient in this entire massive country -- and we didn't have ventilators when we started. The cupboards were empty. The previous administration left us empty cupboards. There isn't one patient, not one, that needed a ventilator that didn't get one.

Donald Trump: Think of that. And we're talking about millions of people, big country, millions of people. Not one person needed a ventilator that didn't get it. So, we want the continued blanket lockdown to end for the states. We may have some embers or some ashes, or we may have some flames coming. But, we'll put them out.

Donald Trump: We'll stomp them out. We understand this now. We'll stomp them out, and we'll stomp them out very, very powerfully. So, we've made a big step in our comeback. This was always going to be -- three months ago, I said to you, this is a very important period, this June period, because we're going to learn whether or not -- this is a very big powerful "R" word -- recession or whether this is a hurricane that we recover from very quickly, we recover from in a matter of weeks or days.

Donald Trump: And we've learned. We've learned. Again, as good as these numbers are, the best numbers are yet to come because so many areas are still closed to very partially closed. Very few were actually fully opened. These numbers are with states, 50 states, and very few are fully opened. Even the ones that are very out there are not fully, fully opened.

Donald Trump: So, we're going to have some tremendous numbers coming in. When you look at the ridership in the airlines, what they've got -- they went from two percent to a number that, if it's correct, I'd be surprised, actually. But, it's a very high number. It's great. People are traveling. And you know what? They're traveling in the United States.

Donald Trump: And they're also driving. And they're building the trailers. They're building a lot of things. They're driving. People are -- people are driving. I may have to buy one of those things, drive around town. Maybe I'll drive back to New York with our first lady in a trailer. What do they call that? [Unidentified attendees call out "A Double Wide" and "An RV"]

Donald Trump: An RV, an RV. Well, you should know. Indiana's the capital of RVs. [Laughter] I think I'm going to buy an RV and travel for an hour in an RV with our first lady. I don't think anybody would mind that. So, we've come together. We're coming together. We're coming together. We've never had a thing happen like this.

Donald Trump: We were all, including the media -- we were all in uncharted territory. We were uncharted. Never happened before. Nobody knew. I couldn't be sure. I felt it. I felt -- I felt we were very powerful to come back. Hardest decision I ever made was when they all walked in, a big group of people, professionals, very professional people, good people -- they said, "Sir, the best thing we can do is close it down." I said, "What are you talking about?

Donald Trump: We have this incredible, unbelievable country that's never done better, and you want us to close it down. I can't do that. What are you talking about?" And after listening for ten minutes -- didn't take long -- I said, "I think we have to close it down because of the contagion and because of the power it had with, especially, certain people." Now, we didn't know the second part.

Donald Trump: We knew it was highly contagious because it spread like fire. But, we didn't know that it hit certain groups of people. That helps us so much in testing and other things. So, we're going to protect our elderly. We're going to protect, especially, our elderly with problems, whether it's heart or diabetes or any problem.

Donald Trump: It's like a magnet. I mean, you're elderly and you have diabetes or you have a bad heart, it's -- it's like a magnet. They say if you're -- if you're heavy -- so, I say thank goodness I'm in perfect shape. Thank goodness. But, if you're heavy, it's not good. It's a -- it's a brutal, brutal thing. And, again, I started by saying we're going to have a vaccine soon.

Donald Trump: I said it a long time ago based on knowledge -- based on knowledge. I'm meeting with these geniuses. Based on knowledge, I said a long time ago -- I said by the end of the year, I think it's going to be a lot sooner than that. And, you know, just in finishing, about vaccines, we have mobilized the logistics arm of our military.

Donald Trump: We can move hundreds of thousands and men and women in a very short time. The vaccine is easy by compare -- but, we can move hundreds of thousands. It's meant for war. It's not meant for this. But, we have our war with the invisible enemy. It's meant for war. But, we can move hundreds of thousands -- think of that -- hundreds of thousands in a very short time.

Donald Trump: The same people are doing the vaccine. And they're fully mobilized. So now, I'm going to sign legislation to make important changes to the PPP that will especially help restaurants, hotels, and other businesses that have been very hard hit by the virus. This is going to make it 24 months. And I think you know the legislation as well as I do. I want to thank the Democrats.

Donald Trump: We had, essentially, unanimous votes, I think, in the Senate and the House. Right? Whether it's unanimous or very close, it's a lot of people. But, I want to thank the Democrats who worked together on a great -- and I hope we can get along with the Democrats. It's been a disaster in terms of relationship.

Donald Trump: But, I hope we can get along because it's a great thing for our country. We did all of these numbers and all of this greatness -- we have the greatest economy we've ever had. It will soon be greater than it was even before. We did this with discord. We did this with a Senate and a House that were not dealing with us, and we weren't dealing with them either.

Donald Trump: The level of -- of -- let's just say the warlike posture is ridiculous because we have a great country. It would make a difference if we could get along. And maybe we can, and maybe we can't. I mean, there are a lot of differences. We want low taxes. We want closed borders. We want people to come in. But, they have to come in through merit.

Donald Trump: They want open borders. You can't have open borders, especially now when you have a pandemic. We set a record, by the way, on our southern border. The wall, which you never hear about, is up to 210 miles long, and one of the reasons we're setting a record if we have so much wall built. And we'll have it up to almost 500 miles very early next year.

Donald Trump: By the end of this year, we'll be over 400 miles. We're up to 210 miles of serious wall. This is a wall that people aren't penetrating. This is a very, very powerful wall, going up there a long time. And it's saved us a lot of anguish and grief. But, you don't hear about that. One of the hardest things I've ever had to do is get the money necessary, which is billions of dollars, from a party that was totally opposed to it. They gave me other things.

Donald Trump: The military we could rebuild wasn't easy in terms of that. That's not their natural instinct. But, for the wall, "No, you can't have it, can't have it, can't have it." We had nine court cases on the wall. But, we won, and we got it.

Donald Trump: Now nobody talks about it. Nobody even talks about it. But it's great for our country. We have to have borders. And I've said often, I said long before I won -- I won on that great November day. It seems like a long time ago, 2016. I said if you don't have borders, you don't have a country. So, we have a lot of things to work with the Democrats.

Donald Trump: If we can work along with them it would be great. If we don't, we're going to do great as a country anyway. We're going to do great anyway. But if we could work along with the Democrats -- and I'm open to it. People say I wouldn't be open. Why would I be open? They did things that they should have never done, and you know what I'm talking about, should have never done.

Donald Trump: But I'm totally open to it. But we could go even steps further. But it's already been historic. Nobody has done more in 3.5 years that this administration has done. Nobody has come close to doing the things we've done. We've rebuilt our military. We've cut regulations at a level that nobody's even come close to. And that's whether it's for years, eight years or, in one case, even more than that.

Donald Trump: Nobody's done anything close, regulations, low taxes, rebuilt military, take care of our vets. We got Choice approved for the vets, so instead of waiting on line for four weeks to see a doctor, they can go immediately outside, get a private doctor. We pay for the bill and the vet is in great shape. And we actually save money, but more importantly we save their lives, and we save the quality of their live.

Donald Trump: They were dying. They would come onto a line. They have to wait four or five weeks. They wouldn't be very sick. By the time they see the doctor they'd be terminally ill. We don't have that anymore. You don't hear any bad stories about the vets anymore. That doesn't mean go out and find them because tonight you'll be traveling all over the world looking for an unhappy vet.

Donald Trump: And we got accountability because we had a lot of bad people in the VA. It's called me a accountability where we can now fire people that don't treat our vets good. We have sadists. We have thieves. We have a lot of bad people. And we can now -- it's called VA accountability. Almost 50 years they've been trying to get it, Choice.

Donald Trump: Almost 50 years they've been trying to get it, for many, many years. I've been hearing about it for years. They've been trying to get VA Choice. Choice means you could have a choice of a doctor. You don't have to wait in line if you have a long line. I have to say the VA has great doctors. You can't get to them very quickly.

Donald Trump: Now they go outside and they take care of themselves. So, we've had a great morning. This is just the beginning. It's going to be incredible. I'm going to sign our very important piece of legislation. Again, thank you very much to the Democrats. And then we're going to have a couple of words by a few people standing alongside of me. I want to thank them so much.

Donald Trump: And we'll talk to you soon.

Question: Mr. President, why don't you -- Mr. President, why don't you have a plan for systemic racism?

Question: Sir, do you believe --

Question: -- Mr. President, why haven't you laid out a plan to combat systemic racism?

Donald Trump: I'd like to sign this bill. This is a very different thing. And by the way, what's happened to our country and what you now see, it's been happening, is the greatest thing that could happen for race relations, for the African-American community, for the Asian American, for the Hispanic American, for Native American, for women, for everything.

Question: What's your plan?

Donald Trump: Because our country is so strong. And that's what my plan is. We're going to have the strongest economy in the world. We almost are there now. We had the strongest economy anywhere in the world and now we're going to have an economy that's even stronger.

Question: Sir, how --

Question: -- Less unemployment --

Question: -- How would a better economy --

Donald Trump: Excuse me. I'd like to sign this now.

Question: Yeah. Just to follow up, how would a better economy have protected George Floyd?

Donald Trump: Excuse me. Do you mind if I sign?

Question: Sure. I'll ask after.

Question: Will you take questions after, sir?

Question: Black unemployment went up by -- by .1 percent. Asian American unemployment went up by .5 percent. How is that a victory?

Donald Trump: You are something.

Question: How is that a victory?

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. [Applause] I -- I have to say though, it's been an honor. This is such a great achievement, feel so good about it. This is just the beginning. The best is yet to come. Mike, would you say a few words, please?

Mike Pence: Well, thank you, Mr. President. And today's a great day for America. The American comeback begins today. And, Mr. President, it is a tribute to the strong decisions that you may early on to put the health of America first, from suspending all travel from China to calling on the American people to embrace the kind of mitigation practices, to -- to practice social distancing, to endure 45 days to slow the spread.

Mike Pence: The way you worked in a bipartisan way, we want to thank members of both parties in the Congress for working with us to provide relief for families, small businesses, and enterprises across the country. Today's numbers, historic as they are, or a testament to the -- to the leadership that you have provided, Mr. President, on mitigation, on recovery, and as you directed the White House coronavirus task force.

Mike Pence: They're also a tribute to the fact that states across the country, now all 50 states, are reopening our country. Even before we came to the end of the 45 days, you directed us to give guidance to state governors and all the states and territories to safely and responsibly reopen. And now all of our states are in the process of doing that.

Mike Pence: It's remarkable to think that 2.5 million jobs and declining unemployment number actually dates to surveys done in mid-May. Mr. President, it's so remarkable that we can -- we can see all across the country that this is a snapshot today of a comeback that was taking place the better part of a month ago. But because of -- because of the guidance you gave to the American people in mitigation, and because of the recovery efforts that bipartisan members of Congress supported at your direction, and ultimately because we are reopening the country, we've begun a great American comeback.

Mike Pence: So, I want to thank you, Mr. President. I want to thank members of Congress that are with us. I join you in thanking all of the incredible healthcare workers across the country, including our team on the task force and health officials at every level, governors that have been our partners. But ultimately today is a tribute to the American people.

Mike Pence: Mr. President, I know that you've said again and again this morning that it was because the patient was strong in the beginning, because the policies that you put into praise to cut taxes, rolled back regulation, unleash American energy, fight for free and fair trade, we created more than 7 million jobs.

Mike Pence: And today the strength and resilience of the American people is shining through, and this is there day. Congratulations, America, the comeback begins.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Mike. [Applause] And I think very importantly, because it's a great state and you have so many great states involved with energy, but we had basically a disaster just a month ago. We had a disaster with respect energy. It was down to zero. It was worthless. And that's 5 million jobs, maybe much more than that indirectly, probably close to 10 million jobs, energy jobs in Texas, and North Dakota, in Oklahoma and many other states, New Mexico, great state, great energy state it's become.

Donald Trump: And we say that industry in a short period of time. And you know who helped us? Saudi Arabia and Russia, and then we got Mexico to do what they really had to do. And I want to thank the president of Mexico. He was terrific. In the end he was terrific. But we say the energy industry. That would've been catastrophic to lose it. And now it's up to almost $40 a barrel.

Donald Trump: And people would have said that's impossible, but we got Saudi Arabia, Russia, and others to cut back very substantially, OPEC Plus. We call it OPEC Plus. But they were the leaders and we appreciate that very much. Could I ask Kevin and Larry to say a few words, please?

Larry Kudlow: Thank you, sir. I'll be brief as I -- as I can. I know it's pretty darn hot.

Donald Trump: I haven't noticed it. Is it hot? Nobody has.

Larry Kudlow: You're pretty good at it. So, preceding this number were a number of green shoots, as we call them in economics or finance. And as the president has mentioned, things like Apple mobility traveling indexes, the housing applications for new homes are skyrocketing. New businesses and new business applications are skyrocketing.

Larry Kudlow: So, we've seen a lot of pieces of evidence. And the key to today's number, 200 and -- 2.5 million payrolls and 3.8 million households from which the unemployment comes, the key is that those who were temporarily laid off have gone back to work, 3 million some-odd. And that's because of the reopening and that's because of the success of the president and vice president's mitigation policies which had to be taken.

Larry Kudlow: Now the reopening begins. Here's a footnote. On May 12th for the week the survey was taken, a little less than 50 percent of small businesses had reopened. According to the Chamber of Commerce, the most recent number in late May or early June, 80 percent, 79 percent of small business have reopened. So, we're going to see more continued progress in the June jobs numbers when they come out.

Larry Kudlow: And I want to add also, my friend and colleague, Secretary Steven Mnuchin's leadership on the Payroll Protection Program has kept people on temporary call, have kept them for load, but they knew they were going to come back. The PPP has distributed $510 billion and has probably saved as much is 50 million jobs.

Larry Kudlow: And overall, we've extended tax rebates and other payments, 159 million Americans for nearly $275 billion. The rescue package works. It was the largest in American history. Now we are seeing weekly unemployment claims coming down, continued claims coming down. The 13.3 percent unemployment rate has come down.

Larry Kudlow: And I think as the President has noted these trends will continue, this was a sharp, tough, heartbreaking pandemic contraction. It is not a typical economic contraction. It was like a bad hurricane or a bad snowstorm. There is a lot of heartache in that and there's a lot of hardship in that absolutely. But they are sharp and fast and they recover fast and we are beginning to see this rapid recovery which I believe will extend well into the third quarter and the fourth quarter.

Larry Kudlow: We are still looking for some 20 percent economic growth and Q3 and four and a big number in 2021 as we move forward with presidential policies of lower taxes and regulations and energy and fair and reciprocal trade deals that created a phenomenal economy before the pandemic and re-create and rebuild that phenomenal economy afterwards and I am bringing my great pal Kevin Hassett.

Kevin Hassett: Thank -- thank you Mr. President and today is a historic day but as you remind us there is still a lot of work left to do. You know there were 18 million people that said that they expected to be reemployed, 3 million of them came back and it shocked economist that it happened so fast but they are still a lot of work to do and that is what you have instructed us to do is to give you options so that we can get everybody else in the country back to work and I think that the main economic lesson I take from what we have seen in addition to Secretary Mnuchin's incredible work getting the programs enacted quickly is that the Vice President leadership with the task force right at the very beginning you put out guidance for businesses and for governors about how to open safely and because the guidance was so scientifically based people did so with confidence and you would never have a jobs number like what we saw today without the confidence that I think was generated by your leadership Mr. Vice President and Dr. Birx and the rest of our team so thank you so much for your service, sir.

Kevin Hassett: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. I just want to add we will be going for a payroll tax cut. We think that will be incredible in terms of what we are doing because again we are going to be bigger, stronger, better than we ever were. That is going to be a tremendous incentive for businesses and also a great incentive and maybe to me most importantly for the workers.

Donald Trump: So we are going to be asking for a payroll tax cut. We will be asking for additional stimulus money because once we get this going it will be far bigger and far better than we have ever seen in this country. That includes as of three or four months ago when everyone thought it was great and it was great.

Donald Trump: And we are going to be doing things for restaurants and various pieces of the entertainment industry which will be an incentive whether it is deductions or whatever but Steve Mnuchin is going to be working on that because the restaurants will be a little bit harder to come back although I must tell you Mike, I have seen some tremendous numbers from restaurants.

Donald Trump: But we are looking at doing something in terms of an incentive with taxes. It could be deductions, it could be something else but we will be announcing it pretty soon but we will be asking despite the numbers and how good they are because we will see so far ahead of everybody else if we do what we are doing.

Donald Trump: Our borrowing cost [Inaudible] zero. So we are applying no interest which is very good and I just want to thank everybody. I would like to ask Steve Mnuchin to say a few words please.

Steven Mnuchin: Thank you Mr. President and Mr. Vice President and again I want to especially thank the Senate and the house for working with us in another example of overwhelming bipartisan support that is helping American business in American workers. Mr. President this legislation is a direct result of you invited in leaders from the restaurant industry and the hotel industry.

Steven Mnuchin: These were two areas that had been especially hard hit. The restaurants number one ask was extending the PPP for 24 weeks and this legislation delivers on this. So it is great to see the $500 billion that we have put to work in small business make its way into the economy and now you see it in these numbers in them bringing more people back to work so not only did this save jobs but we now see people coming back to work and we look forward to working with Congress on bipartisan issues to make sure we get every American back at work that was unfortunately laid off as a result of this virus.

Steven Mnuchin: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.