Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-conference-los-angeles-september-13-2024

Donald Trump: Well, thank you. Thank you very much. Before we begin, I'd like to introduce the mayor of Rancho Palos Verdes, who's been a very popular mayor, who's done a fantastic job. And he's really something very special, John Cruickshank. And he'll say a few words about two miles up the road. They're having some problems with slides into a thing called the Pacific Ocean.

Donald Trump: And a lot of people would like to hear about it and what the mayor is doing to get it remedied and he'll take care of it. So, John, please?

John Cruickshank: Well, I was only expecting to come to speak with the President today, and he's gracious enough to invite me to speak to you all, which is an important moment for the city of Rancho Palos Verdes. In 2002, the Trump golf course opened up here, and they've been a great business here in our community. As the President mentioned, our city has been having a lot of issues with the landslide that's less than a mile from here.

John Cruickshank: We have about 600 homes, several thousand residents that have been affected. They've lost power, gas, and it's been moving at an unprecedented rate for the last couple of years because of the rain. We believe we can solve the problem. But we really need the assistance of the state of California and the federal government.

John Cruickshank: We have solutions out there for that, but the problem is bigger than the city of Rancho Palos Verdes. And so, it's important that we get the attention and the help of the people of California and of the federal government. So, I'm here to thank the President for having me here today. Obviously, I'm a tiny bit nervous.

John Cruickshank: This is a very big deal. Oh, thank you. So, anyhow, we very much appreciate you all being here. And of course, I know you're here for the President, but covering what's going on in our city is really important, and it's meant a lot to our community of 42,000 people. So, thank you so much again.

Donald Trump: This is Trump National Los Angeles, and it's been a tremendous success for a long time. I guess Lily would be 18 or 19 years, I think, right? And I built it and I have a little bit of a motto, but we never have to advertise because it's always loaded up with golfers, very good golfers. It's a world championship course.

Donald Trump: It fronts on the Pacific Ocean, as you can see. It actually fronts -- you know most -- very few courses front on the Pacific Ocean. It's Pebble Beach and there's some others. But I always say I have the ocean, Pebble Beach has the bay. The ocean is better than the bay. And this course is one of the best courses anywhere in the world, and it's done really well.

Donald Trump: And we've had a lot of fun with it, so it's been great. It's a major property, as you can imagine. We do also lots of weddings and lots of events in the ballroom right behind you. And people get married, literally, on a nightly basis, looking over the Pacific Ocean. So, we have something that's very special.

Donald Trump: We're proud of it. Well, thank you all for being here. Before we begin, I want to express my support for all of the families affected by the landslides in Rancho Palos Verdes. The slides are something can be taken care of. This area is very solid. But you go down -- a couple of miles down, you'll see something that's pretty amazing.

Donald Trump: The mountain is moving, and it can be stopped, but they need some help from the government. So, I hope they get the help, and I'm sure John will have the help. And I want to thank the mayor for the great job he's doing. I tell that to the people, what a great job he's doing. I just met with the mayor and especially want to salute all of the public safety and emergency personnel who are working down the road, as well as the utility workers who are fighting to restore service to local residents.

Donald Trump: It's another thing when you live along the coast. Sometimes that happens. It's a little bit more difficult, but when they fix it, there's nothing like it. There really is nothing like it. I'm here today in California with a very simple message for the American people. We cannot allow Comrade Kamala Harris and the communist left to do to America what they did to California.

Donald Trump: The state of California is a mess with people leaving, and nothing's going to stop them. They're going to other states, some are going to other countries. But what they've done, Gavin Newsom and Kamala, and I won't say Kamala more so, she destroyed San Francisco and she destroyed the state. When you look at the kind of destruction that's taken place, it's all man-made or woman-made destruction, too.

Donald Trump: It's things that should have never happened, but we're not going to let that happen with four more years of her in the White House because if you have what happened to this country as what they allowed to happen in California and San Francisco, one of the great cities of the world 15 years ago and today, it's not in a very good position, put it mildly, in this state, which is probably the best piece of real estate in the world, the state -- you have the sunshine, you have the ocean, you have everything, you have the perfect weather, the best weather, and they've hurt it so badly, so badly.

Donald Trump: Decades ago, San Francisco was known as one of the most beautiful cities anywhere in the world. A friend of mine, a friend of a lot of the people here, Bob Tisch used to say San Francisco is the best city in the United States, the best city there is. And he passed away a number of years ago, but he wouldn't believe it.

Donald Trump: He used to always talk about San Francisco as our greatest city. He owned Lowe's, good company, great company. And he would say it constantly, and now you see what's happened. And it can be brought back, just like our country can be brought back, because we're a nation in decline. The decline of this whole state is one of the sad chapters in what's gone on with the radical left lunatics that we have to put up with.

Donald Trump: As the San Francisco district attorney, Kamala was the godmother of sanctuary cities. She was right out there at the forefront. And also, the movement of defunding the police, she was there right at the beginning. She boasted, "We are a sanctuary city and we always will be." Well, they're sanctuary cities of crime.

Donald Trump: One of the people that Kamala gave sanctuary city to and put in as DA was Edwin Ramos, an illegal alien, MS-13 gang member, who savagely murdered a father and his two sons after mistaking them for members of a rival gang. She knew this, and she came to his defense. He had previously been arrested for robbing a pregnant woman and killing many, they say.

Donald Trump: Kamala refused to get him out of our country, and he went on to do very significant damage. She also gave sanctuary to illegal alien Rony Aguilera, who murdered a 14-year-old boy, nearly decapitating him with a sword. He enjoyed watching this take place with a sword by his hand. Kamala launched her 10 years DA with a San Francisco police group described as a "fire sale for plea deals."

Donald Trump: They made plea deals. The only one they don't make a plea deal with is Trump. They go after their political opponents, especially when they haven't done anything wrong. So, more charges were dropped yesterday in Atlanta, Georgia. It's all politically inspired. It's all against their political opponent.

Donald Trump: We won the case in -- the big case. They won they said, the big case, the big case. I've completely won that case. The documents case in Florida. Case was thrown out with deranged Jack Smith, deranged prosecutor, that if he devoted his efforts to violent crime and to the border, which they should have, would be in a lot better position as a country.

Donald Trump: In one sweetheart deal, Kamala gave only 12 years to a monster known as David Taylor, who got high on crack and murdered a 65-year-old mother with a hammer and a pair of scissors. He wanted to come out, and she wanted to get him out as quickly as possible. In another plea deal, she gave only six years to a man who killed a disabled veteran with a knife and then left his body to rot in a bathtub.

Donald Trump: Kamala refused to seek the death penalty for a gang member who murdered San Francisco police officer Isaac Espinoza during a traffic stop, very innocent traffic stop. She didn't have the decency to call his family, never did, to explain her decision. Why would you do this? Why would you give such leniency to somebody that just killed the police officer but her son? This was a major reason why the San Francisco Police Officers Association has refused to endorse her in every single race since she became district attorney.

Donald Trump: The police don't endorse her. And she's got virtually no endorsements now, but I have almost every police group in the United States. We just got the endorsement of almost 400,000 police. You saw that the other day, the fraternal order, and it's the largest police group in the country. But we have the endorsement of every sheriff, just about every single police group in the United States.

Donald Trump: And unadulterated, they are so happy to endorse. After Kamala Harris and Gavin Newsom took charge of San Francisco, homelessness increased by over 200%. While Comrade Kamala Harris was attorney general of this state, murders rose significantly, car thefts went through the roof, gun assaults rose at levels never seen before, and forcible rape went up by much more than the 73% that they reported.

Donald Trump: As attorney general, she defined child sex trafficking, assault with a deadly weapon, and rape of an unconscious person as nonviolent crimes. She put them in a new category as nonviolent. Now, as vice president, she's facilitated the largest wave of sex trafficking and human trafficking in history, the history of our country by far.

Donald Trump: And in case you don't want to write about it, which you should because it can be no bigger scandal than this, we have, under this administration, 325,000 migrant children are missing, 325,000. In other words, take your biggest stadium in California and you could fill it up five or six times. Those are all missing children.

Donald Trump: Many of them are dead. Many of them are sex slaves and slaves of different nature. But her destruction of the law and order in California did not end there in 2020. Kamala Harris proudly endorsed defund the police, we're going to defund the police. Anybody that was even in favor of defunding the police for one month, let alone her entire career.

Donald Trump: Should never be president of the United States. She supported a plan to cut the LA Police Department by at least $150 million and ideally more. This is when your crime in LA was reaching very significant heights. Today, it's at the highest level it's ever been. Harris also endorsed the Marxist Soros-backed prosecutor, George Gascon, to be district attorney of Los Angeles.

Donald Trump: And with Kamala's support, Gascon has unleashed hell upon the residents of Los Angeles, absolute hell. Kamala supported Gascon's decision to stop prosecuting criminals for trespassing, disturbing the peace, making criminal threats, loitering to commit prostitution, and resisting arrest. And these are some of the best areas in your state.

Donald Trump: They were left alone. They were protected by him, actually protected by him. They've been trying to get him out for a long time, but she helped. And this is where she's coming from as president. This is where she's coming from. This is why all of her policies changed. She was anti-fracking. She was anti-everything.

Donald Trump: And all of a sudden, she changed. Even the first question she was given at the debate, gave one of the dumbest answers. They were asking about pricing and would you be better off today or four years ago? Prices have gone up at numbers that nobody's ever seen before. And just the concept of being better off, she didn't give the answer.

Donald Trump: She talked about when she grew up. Nobody knew what the hell she was talking about. And based on the polls, it didn't work because Rasmussen, as you probably saw, just came out, and they just lifted me up by six points for president, which is one of the biggest increases they've ever had in one little, short period of time of a couple of days, up six points.

Donald Trump: And I thought the debate was great. I thought I did very well, but I was fighting three people. I was fighting the crazy left radical lunatics at ABC, I think considered the worst -- by me, considered the worst broadcaster out there. George Slopodopoulos, that whole group, they're bad. And I lost a lot of respect for David Muir.

Donald Trump: He came at me with things, and we'll go over in a second, but I was right about the crime stats going way up. The fact is the FBI didn't report them, and we're able to keep the stats essentially flat, but the new numbers came in. I guess somebody in government likes me because the new numbers were just released, and you'll see the kind of numbers that we're talking about.

Donald Trump: Went not only up but up at record levels like nobody had seen before when everything was included. And thanks to Kamala, since 2020, crime and drug overdose deaths here skyrocketed by 40%, 50%, and 60%, and murder has reached an all-time high. We don't want this for our country, that's why I'm doing this.

Donald Trump: I don't like doing this other than I know you all have the nicest view you're going to ever have, but somebody's got to explain this one. There's a radical left, Marxist, communist, fascist. As border czar, she then launched a colossal invasion of California's southern border. Just yesterday, the Wall Street Journal reported that a Venezuelan gang is expanding its deadly reach in the United States.

Donald Trump: First sentence of the story begins, "US law enforcement officials have watched with alarm the spread of a Venezuelan gang known for dismembering people." Dismembering people, right? Dismembering people. From Chile to Colombia, they're all over the place. Now, they're in our country. They're known as MS-13.

Donald Trump: They're considered the meanest, toughest gang in the world. In Long Island, not so long ago, two young, 16-year-old girls were walking to school and they carved them up with a knife. They killed both of them. They carved them up with a knife. They didn't want to shoot them, and we got them out. I got them out so fast, and we did a big number.

Donald Trump: And I wanted to thank ICE while I'm at it because ICE has been unbelievable. Border patrol has been unbelievable. And she wants to get rid of ICE. She wants to dismember ICE. She wants to take them out. And if you didn't have ICE, you'd have a problem in this country. ICE would go in. I remember in Long Island with us, they had a gang that was brutal, MS-13 gang.

Donald Trump: They came out of prisons from different places. And they formed for whatever reason. Long Island seems to be a place. And I'll never forget the scene of ICE going into a rat's nest, they call them, when you have a lot of them together. Rat's nest. And they walked into that nest, and you just saw arms and fists and feet.

Donald Trump: Everybody was flying. And three minutes later-- you saw it. Three minutes later, they walked out with these guys, dragging them out by their feet and throwing them into paddy wagons, and bringing them into jails. And then, we got them out of the country and moved them back to where they came from, which Obama was unable to do when he was president.

Donald Trump: Obama was unable to do because the countries wouldn't participate. They wouldn't allow him back. But I called those countries, three of them. Guatemala, take a look. Mexico, too, to a large extent. And I think probably the worst of all, we had four countries. Colombia was rough. We had four in South America.

Donald Trump: But the South America is no longer the problem. We have bigger problems elsewhere. Guatemala, a lot of problems in Guatemala. A lot of bad people coming out. We called, I said, "Let me speak to the president." I told him, "You're not getting any more foreign aid." They get $750 million a year. I said, "No more foreign aid."

Donald Trump: Why? "Because you send people over in caravans and you won't take them back, and they're criminals, and we don't want them in this country. You wouldn't take them back with Obama." They would put planes on the runways, big planes on the runway, so you couldn't land the planes loaded up with prisoners.

Donald Trump: And I said, "That's OK. You can keep doing it. We're not paying you $0.10." And they called me back 20 minutes later, one of them the next day, three countries. And they said, "We would be honored to take MS-13 back. We like them very much. We're wonderful people." And we got them out by the thousands and thousands.

Donald Trump: We got them out. And that I attribute to ICE and border patrol. They're incredible people. Not only is Comrade -- I mean, if you take a look at this, but not only is Comrade Kamala allowing illegal aliens to stampede across our border. But then, it was announced about a year ago that they're actually flying them in.

Donald Trump: Nobody knew that. They were secretly flying in hundreds of thousands of people, some of the worst murderers and terrorists you've ever seen. They were taking anybody that wanted to come in and they're flying them in. So, when they tell you about their borders a little bit better than it used to be, they only did that for election reasons.

Donald Trump: Not good, but it's a little bit better. But they don't tell you that the flights are still coming in here, bringing in thousands and thousands of illegal aliens, and they're being dropped into the midsection of our country because all states are really border states right now, and I'm the border president.

Donald Trump: I solved it in 2016, probably got elected because of that in 2016. And really, there was nothing to do in 2020. I said to my people, "I want to talk about the border, what a job I did." They said, "Sir, nobody cares you did it. It was good." We went from a terrible border to a great border very quickly.

Donald Trump: We did a great job. And then I come in and I look at what's happening now, and the only difference is that the border in 2016 was one-twentieth what it is now. We have the worst border in the history of the world. There's never been a border like this, and I want to be the border president, and I hope you call me the border president because I'm going to show you what a border security job we can do, and we're going to do a job like never has been done before.

Donald Trump: There's never been a border like this. I believe the real number is 21 million people are here, and many are thugs, criminals. And remember this, if you go to South America, and if you go to these countries that have taken their prisoners out of their jails to empty their jails and dump them into the United States like we're dumping ground, you're going to see their crime rates have gone down by 50%, 60%, 70%, and 80%.

Donald Trump: If you look at Caracas, Venezuela, they took their criminals and drug dealers and rapists off the street and they dumped them into the United States of America. Dumping ground, they call it. We're a dumping ground for Venezuela because we have stupid people running our country. And you think Biden's bad? This one's going to be worse than Biden.

Donald Trump: Over the past three and a half years, Kamala has resettled half a million illegal migrants from Haiti into American communities, including over 200,000 who Kamala has illegally flown into the United States by airplane when they couldn't get through the border because the board -- you know, the border guards backed up.

Donald Trump: They were refusing to let them in. They don't want to -- they love this country. They're saying, "Well, you can't do this to our country." They flew them in right over the top of the border guards, and they're doing it right now. They're doing it right now. In Springfield, Ohio, 20,000 illegal Haitian migrants have descended upon a town of 58,000 people destroying their way of life.

Donald Trump: They've destroyed the place. And people don't like to talk about it, even the town doesn't like to talk about it because it sounds so bad for the town. They live there, they're proud, they loved the town for years. It was a great place, safe, nice. Now, they have 20,000, and I actually heard today it's 32,000, the new number.

Donald Trump: Illegal aliens are now coming in from all over the world, from prisons, jails, mental institutions. They're coming in at levels that we've never seen before. We cannot let this happen to our country. And I will be your border president, and I hope you call me a border president. I never thought I'd have to say that again because we fixed the border, and now it's -- and it was 100% beautiful.

Donald Trump: And that includes fentanyl and drugs and everything else. We had it fixed. And now, it's nobody's ever seen anything like it. And I guess, they want to do it because we built hundreds of miles of wall, and we had hundreds of miles. I said after we completed much more than I said I was going to complete, and it had a huge impact.

Donald Trump: But after I completed it, we had all of this wall to be put up. It could have been put up in 200 miles, could have been put up in three weeks, would have been totally sealed, and much larger than I originally said, but it worked so well. We were doing so well. And not only didn't they put it up, they sold much of it for $0.

Donald Trump: 05 on the dollar. Very expensive wall. Has wires inside of it for technology, hardened steel, hardened concrete, and rebar. They wanted all three. I did it as per the border patrol. I disagreed with the look. They said, "Sir, this is the only way. We had to put an anti-climb panel on top." The panel on top is an anti-climb panel.

Donald Trump: I said, "I don't like the way it looks." They say, "I know, but it stops people from climbing." I said, "All right. We'll do it the way you want." A president has a duty to keep you safe. Kamala will turn America into a poor, violent, third-world refugee camp. It already sort of is. We have elections that are a mess, so we have a border that's the worst of any border ever in the world.

Donald Trump: There's never been a country ever in the world that's allowed 21 million people to come across in a short period of time. And children and the children of American citizens are at the mercy of barbaric criminals. You take a look at what's happening in Colorado. The governor's afraid to even talk about it.

Donald Trump: The governor is a Democrat. Colorado, I hope you're going to vote for Trump because you're being stampeded by your own politicians. The governor can't talk about it because he can't go against the policies of these lunatics that want all these people to come into our country without knowing who they are.

Donald Trump: We don't even know where they come from. As of last week, I was told by Tom Homan, we had 168 countries represented over the last 12 months. In other words, people came in illegally from 168 different countries. Most people don't know there's that many countries. There's more than that in the world. We'll know them all pretty soon, I'm sure.

Donald Trump: In breaking news yesterday, the premier statistical agency at the justice department, you remember where David Muir tried to correct me when I said that crime is rampant like never before? He said, "Oh, no." He said, "Crime is going down." They said, "Where are you coming from?" And you know, you wouldn't have to need a Bureau of Justice Statistics to know that crime is worse than it's ever been.

Donald Trump: And I guess, they probably watched the debate and they heard this foolish man, this foolish fool, make that statement to me that, "No, no, crime is coming down. The FBI said it was coming down." The FBI defrauded everybody because what they did is they used statistics not including some of the worst areas and some of the worst cities.

Donald Trump: So, the real numbers are from the Bureau of Justice Statistics, and they just released it. So, I think they probably like me because they wanted to defend me from people that are not smart, from a guy who has good hair, but not as good as it was five years ago, to be honest. And they just released brand-new numbers -- just out last night, late -- showing that since 2020 -- so, this guy, David Muir, was correcting me, the FBI.

Donald Trump: Now, the FBI defrauded, just like they defrauded on the jobs, 118,000 jobs that didn't exist. The FBI, in this case, defrauded. So, violent crime, just out, nationwide, is up 40%, rape is up 42%, car theft is up 42%, aggravated assaults are up 55%, and violent attacks on strangers are up much more than 61%.

Donald Trump: So, those are your numbers. See, those are the numbers. Now, I was -- I think he corrected me 11 times. Of the 11 times, I don't think he had the right to correct me at all. Didn't correct her once. Like on Project 2025, I have no idea about it, had nothing to do with me. He didn't correct her. He knew that.

Donald Trump: Charlottesville, nothing was done wrong. All you had to do is read my statement one more sentence and you would have seen that. Sean Hannity, Laura Ingraham, Jesse, all of them, Greg Gutfeld, they all took that and they corrected it many times. But they keep coming with the same lies. I'm going to save Social Security, and I'm going to make it good, and we're not going to raise the age just as I did for four years when everyone -- many Democrats wanted me to do something about it.

Donald Trump: And she'll go around saying, "Oh, Trump is going to do bad things to Social Security." No, she's going to do it because she's putting these illegal immigrants onto Social Security, onto Medicare, and she's going to destroy those programs, and the people are going to have to pay. But I'm going to save them.

Donald Trump: But David Muir said, exactly, I quote, "President Trump, as you know" -- this is after I made the statement that crime is at record numbers. "President Trump, as you know, the FBI says overall violent crime is coming down in this country." Now, anybody that says it's coming down, when you look at all of the migrant crime and all of the other crime -- and this doesn't even include most of the migrant crime.

Donald Trump: So, it's up 55%, 65%, 75%, and 85%. One case -- one category is up 89%. And these numbers have just been released by the government. I appreciate the person that released them. I think he came to my defense, actually. But the people understand it. In fact, he was wrong. The FBI totally fudged the numbers.

Donald Trump: And I really believe it's actually a fraud, what the FBI did. It's a fraud. And it was a fraud when the administration, I call it the Kamala, because I don't even know who our president is anymore. Where is this guy? They took it away. This was an overthrow of the president of the United States. This was a coup.

Donald Trump: He got 14 -- think of it. He got 14 million votes. She got no votes. She was the first one that lost, and now, I'm running against her. They went in -- I was 19 points up in the poll. I saw their poll. They went up after the debate with Biden. I have debates with everybody. But the first debate -- we had two debates.

Donald Trump: We didn't have one. First, I had Biden, and he was 19 to 21 down. And they went -- that's when they went and they said, "You can't win, you're going to get out." And he said, "No, I'm not. I'm not going to get out," which was his right to say. They said, "Well, if you don't get out, we're going to execute the 25th Amendment."

Donald Trump: And he said, "Like I said, I'm going to get out." And he hates her beyond any -- I think he hates her probably almost as much as he hates me. I think he still hates me a little bit more. But he hates her. He hates her. He hates what she did. And you know, when they talk about democracy, well, that's not democracy.

Donald Trump: At 14 million votes, she had none. And she was the first one out of the 22 people or so that ran as a Democrat. She never made it to Iowa, her state. She never made it to Iowa. She was the first one out, and now she's running. So, you tell me how that works. They wanted to be politically correct, that's all.

Donald Trump: But we're not going to let her destroy our country. In fact, the David Muir character, he's lost so much respect, everyone's talking about him, he's a joke. And ABC News is a joke, too, but most of the fake news is pretty much of a joke. He said that the FBI -- and he didn't know this, I guess, at the time.

Donald Trump: He probably did, but the numbers and the cities that weren't included in those numbers were Chicago, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Oakland, New Orleans, and many others of similar crime numbers. In other words, so they didn't include the worst crime numbers in the country. Look at those numbers, Chicago's not included, Los Angeles not included.

Donald Trump: So, they could say the numbers are flat, but they didn't include the big boys and that's a fraud on the public. And as I said, it was a fraud also just like with the -- so, it's 818,000 jobs that they said existed that didn't exist, and they thought they could hold the number off until after the election, any time after November 5th, but that didn't work out because they had a whistleblower that released the numbers.

Donald Trump: And then you have Kamala's claim that she worked at McDonald's. She never worked at McDonald's, it's a lie. They went in, they investigated it, and the fake news won't report that. They won't report it. The only one that reported it was Fox, but the fake news won't. She never worked at McDonald's. She said she stood over those French fries when they were being fried, and it was so tough work such that -- she never worked there.

Donald Trump: She's a liar. She's a liar. But the fake news won't report. She's a liar because that's sounds like a little thing, but it's a big thing because it tells you they lie. They lie about everything. They lied about statements on the military. Nobody loves the military more than me. She got up today, she said things that were just lies.

Donald Trump: This is just made up. What's bad for Trump? Oh, this would be, say something bad about the military. "Oh, he said bad about the military." Just like McDonald's, a total lie. It's the way they do it. And her VP choice, I think, will go down as a catastrophic choice. Now, maybe I'll be wrong. I'll let you know on November 6th that I can't believe that that guy is an asset.

Donald Trump: They had other people that would have been. Comrade Kamala Harris and the communist left have also destroyed the economy and the quality of life all across this state and all across our country. As vice president, what she's done to our country is not even thinkable. California has the highest inflation, the highest taxes, the highest gas prices, the most illegal aliens, the most regulations, the most expensive utilities, and it ranks as the third worst state to start a business.

Donald Trump: It also has the most people leaving it. I love this place. Look at this. I own this. No partners, no mortgage, no nothing. I own it. And I'm talking so badly about the state. It hurts me to do it. I would never do this except for the fact that I'm running for president and I want to save the country.

Donald Trump: So, I'd rather sacrifice this than lie or not speak. But think of it, I'm knocking the hell out of the state of California. I'm saying how bad she was and what a bad job she's done. What a horrible governor Newscom has been. He's been horrible. So, many people leaving. And I'm hurting my own property, and that cost me lots of money.

Donald Trump: But it's OK because this is unimportant compared to saving the United States of America. So, I do it for that reason. But that's what -- those are the numbers what Kamala Harris' policies will do to America. The cost of living here is nearly 40% higher than the national average and the cost of housing is 97% higher, and the national average is through the roof.

Donald Trump: And it all took place in the last three and a half years because I had no inflation, essentially no inflation. And it stayed that way for two and a half -- two years. So, it wasn't like, oh, gee. It was ready to pop. No, we had it done. We had it down to a science. We had no inflation, 1.4%, which is perfect.

Donald Trump: That's better than no. That's a perfect number. If you go to the economist, they said, because you want a little bit, but you don't want much. It's a perfect number. It was perfect. The country was perfect. We were drilling. We were taking it down. Now, we're buying our oil from Venezuela. It's not even believed.

Donald Trump: It's interesting. They give him billions of dollars now, Maduro, the dictator. I call him the owner of Venezuela. They give him billions and billions of dollars, but then they foreclose on his plane. They take away an old junky plane. It's not a good plane. They take away an old junky plane, and they said, "Well, it's OK. He'll buy a much better one."

Donald Trump: We give him -- think of it, a country takes away his airplane but pays him billions of dollars for their oil, which is the worst oil on the planet. It's tar, and it has to be refined. There's only one plant in the entire world that can refine that junk. And you know where it's located? In Houston, Texas.

Donald Trump: For the environmentalists, so Houston, Texas is refining tar, and that stuff is going up into the air. That's the only place in the whole world that can refine that very bad stuff. The state is rapidly going busted with a record $68 billion budget deficit last year. Sixty-eight-billion-dollar deficit for a state.

Donald Trump: And the government is so incompetent that it costs $1.7 million to install a single public toilet in San Francisco. They built a toilet for $1.7 million, and it's not even nice. I saw pictures of it. I built this whole thing for less than that. Unsurprisingly, more Americans are now leaving California than any other state in the union and over 500 companies have left since 2020.

Donald Trump: It hurts me to say it. Look, I have this unbelievably valuable asset, and here I am knocking the hell. I'm sitting here thinking -- and I know this, I've done it for every time I speak badly of New York. We have a very bad attorney general there. She's a political hack who got elected saying, "I will get Trump. I will get Trump. I will get him,"

Donald Trump: Letitia James. And they had a phony case where they value a house that's worth $1 billion to $1.5 billion at $18 million. The judge was corrupt. And she's corrupt, very corrupt person. It's a political hack. And then we have the other cases -- they're all headed up by the White House. They sent their people in, one person, in particular, but they sent their people in to head up the cases in the state.

Donald Trump: They sent their people in from the DOJ in Washington, highest officials, to go to Letitia James, work there, get that started, and then go to the DA in Manhattan. But I think the appellate courts are going to see what's happening. I really do. I believe in that. But it's hurting New York because businesses are moving out of New York because of it.

Donald Trump: They used a consumer fraud statute, which has never been used before for this, to get me in New York. And I had no jury. You can't have a jury. You're not entitled to a jury. Nobody's ever seen anything like it. But I'm sure -- I feel sure that the appellate courts will come in and defend because otherwise our country is finished.

Donald Trump: Things like that can happen. And no company wants to move into New York because of it. Very, very bad for New York. In the face of this crisis, the Kamala Harris Democrats in Sacramento -- they're in Sacramento and all over the place -- just passed a bill that I think the governor's rejecting. I hope he rejects it, but I think he was given a lot of pressure.

Donald Trump: A $150,000 home loans for only illegal aliens. But the fact that it even passed, I would imagine he'd reject it if he hasn't already done so. They also passed a law that allows state authorities to take children from their parents if they don't, "affirm their child's gender identity." When Kamala Harris said the values that she has have never changed, I really think that was probably the only true statement that she made.

Donald Trump: They've stayed true and you look at what they are. They're the same as what they were 5 years ago, 10 years ago. They want to confiscate your guns. They want to take your guns away. They're going to take your guns away if I'm not elected. Anybody that owns a gun, if you vote for them, you're crazy. Any Jewish person that votes for Kamala is crazy.

Donald Trump: She wouldn't go to see the prime minister of Israel in Congress. Think of that, because she had a sorority party, which she considered to be more important. It's a big deal when a prime minister comes to Congress and speaks and she doesn't want to go because she's at a sorority party. But that wasn't really the reason.

Donald Trump: The really reason is that she hates Israel. And I say that Israel will not exist in two years from now if she's elected president, and she'll be very happy if that happened. Israel will not mark me down. You know, they have a hat, and I didn't put it. They say, "You know, Trump was right about everything."

Donald Trump: I've been right about everything. So, I end on that, and I just want to say that I'm going to hopefully be elected. Polls have gone way up since the debate. I'm going to be reelected and come in for a second time. We did, as I said, much better the second time than we did the first, but some bad things happened.

Donald Trump: But we're doing it now, and more importantly, I'm looking to the future. We're going to make our country bigger, better, greater than ever before. We're going to turn it around. We're going to get rid of the criminals that have been allowed to come into our country and prey upon our citizens, their children.

Donald Trump: You can get them out. And it's an honor that you're here if you'd like to take some questions.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: No. No. No. No. Excuse me. Most of my Republican allies had said I was great in the debate. You're just like, you know, a lot of other people at Fox. Well, why don't you say most 94% of the Republicans said I did phenomenally in the debate? Some said that I could have been tougher. I don't know how I could have been tougher when I said, he's the worst president and she is the worst vice president in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: Ninety-four percent of the Republicans. And the only one that wouldn't maybe a Mitt Romney or somebody like that, but we've gotten great praise for the debate. And based on the polls, like Rasmussen, being up 6 today, the first poll out. Based on the polls, obviously, I did well in the debate. Also, based on the debate polls, where I sometimes had, in one case, 92% win.

Donald Trump: So, you know, I did well in the debate [Audio gap] times had in one [Audio gap] look, you come from Fox. Go ahead. Go ahead.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Well, I don't know, what they would say. Laura's been a supporter of mine, just like a lot of people are supporters, and she's been a supporter of mine. She speaks very, positively of the campaign. I'm not sure why you asked that question, but Laura's a supporter. I don't control Laura. Laura has to say what she wants. She's a free spirit.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Well, I don't know. I mean, look, I can't tell Laura what to do. Laura is a supporter. I have a lot of supporters, so I don't know what exactly you're referring to. That's OK. Yeah, please. I just don't know. Laura is a supporter. I don't know. She is a strong person. She's got strong opinions, and I don't know what she said, but that's not up to me. She's a supporter. Please.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: OK. A lot of people do. It's a very big plane.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Well, I have to see what the remarks are. You're telling me, for the first time, we're here about -- we're here discussing the destruction of San Francisco and California. [Audio gap] A person that's running for president, so I don't even know what you're talking about. I do know that -- she may have said something based on what you're telling me, but I don't know what she said.

Donald Trump: But I'll go take a look, and I'll put out a statement later on, but I really don't know. Please.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Yes. Well, we could, and maybe we'll do that. Where are you from? That's good. Very good. They're doing a very good job. Yeah. That's very good. Now, I will -- maybe Springfield, maybe Aurora, maybe both. We'll go there. I can say this, we will do large deportations from Springfield, Ohio. Large deportations.

Donald Trump: We're going to get these people out. We're bringing them back to Venezuela. You know, he told Biden, he's not accepting anybody back. They moved all their criminals, not all of them, but the rest are moving in now. They emptied their jails in Venezuela, emptied their criminals, emptied the nests. They call them nests of bad people.

Donald Trump: They're all now in the United States, and they're now taking over cities. It's like an invasion from within. We're going to have the largest deportation in the history of our country, and we're going to start with Springfield and Aurora. OK?

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: No. No. No. The real threat is what's happening at our border because you have thousands of people being killed by illegal migrants coming in and also dying. You have women dying as they come up. They're coming up in large groups. We call it a caravan. I think I came up with that name, but it's really what it is, 10,000, 15,000, 20,000 people.

Donald Trump: And you have large numbers of women being killed in those caravans coming up to this country. And then when they get here, they can go into the country, and they end up being sex slaves and everything else. Those are your real problems, not the problem that you're talking about.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Yeah, OK.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Well, you know, if you go to the people of California, they don't want to have sanctuary cities anymore. They're tired of sanctuary cities. Sanctuary cities are really blocks that protect bad people from deportation and other problems, and they're going to do it. And our federal government has tremendous power, but we're not going to let states, even like California, even though I know it's largely a sanctuary state, essentially, but we're not going to let that happen to the people of California.

Donald Trump: They want these people out. They're just as scared as everybody else. The people of Ohio are scared. The people of Colorado, you have a governor there who's very weak. He doesn't know what to do. And he doesn't want to talk about it. A lot of it -- as per your question, they don't want to talk about what's happening.

Donald Trump: They say, "It's so bad for the city. Let's not go public. Let's live with it for a little while. Maybe it'll go away." It's not going to go away. It's going to get worse. It's going to get so bad. You know what we're experiencing now is they're just getting settled in. There's 21 million people that have come in.

Donald Trump: They're just getting settled in. It's going to get much worse. It's going to get worse at a level like nobody's ever seen before. Go ahead.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Yeah. That's right.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: By lowering taxes and regulations. And what they're doing is they're seeing that every time it looks like Kamala's doing well, companies want to leave, stock markets go down. The stock market -- there's a great gentleman, Scott Bessent, who is one of the top Wall Street people. He said the market's only up because they all think that Trump is going to get elected.

Donald Trump: We had a great stock market. Even with COVID, we ended up handing over a market that was higher than previous to COVID or the China virus coming in. Now, we are going to make sure that the taxes are going to stay where they are and/or come down, ideally come down, both for the middle class and for corporations because corporations put the people to work.

Donald Trump: We had the best numbers in the history of our country by far, not even close. And there are companies leaving because they cannot stand what's happening right now to our country. And one of the reasons I'm doing this today is to let them know you're not going to have to leave because we're going to take care of the problem.

Donald Trump: They have a tremendous crime problem. Like, if you're in Los Angeles, look at the crime numbers. And then you have the FBI lying about the numbers, saying the numbers went down. But anybody with common sense know the numbers are through the roof. I didn't know they were as high as they are. But think of it, how good is a person from a government agency that would release the numbers when they saw that I was unfairly targeted by ABC, and you could say by the FBI with false numbers? So, I mean, I have great respect.

Donald Trump: I have to find out who that person is or who that group is, but I have great respect. Go ahead. One more.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: I'll be able to make phone calls and solve most of the problems. I may actually have to meet a couple of times. But you know, Viktor Orban, the -- and you've heard me say this, but it wasn't long ago. He said, "The only way you're going to solve the world problem is Trump has to be president again." And I don't say it.

Donald Trump: I didn't say it. I sort of would be embarrassed to say it. But he said, "Everybody was afraid of Trump. He said China was afraid, Russia was afraid, North Korea was afraid, everybody was afraid." We had no wars. We defeated ISIS in four weeks, and they said it was going to take five years, right? The generals in Washington -- I went there and met a great general and a great -- some great people, and I said, "Go to it."

Donald Trump: And he did -- he took them out in four weeks, 100% of the ISIS caliphate. I flew there. I flew to Iraq, to the field, and they took them out in a very short period of time, short order. We have a great military, but you know, a great military needs a leader. If you don't have leaders, then you end up with Afghanistan.

Donald Trump: The worst withdrawal from a country in the history -- look, I've gotten to know great people. I went to Arlington at their request, and I stood -- and I was with them for hours, and I stood with them. They did a ceremony and then they asked me if I'd go down to the graves of their children. They called them their children, that they always will be their children.

Donald Trump: And there were tears all over, as they should be. And they said, "Sir, could you take pictures with me by the grave of my son," in one case a daughter? And I said, "I'd love to." And I took pictures with them for a while, and then I left and that was it. And I got home and I got a call from the people in the campaign, "Sir, the Biden people are saying that you did this for publicity."

Donald Trump: If people knew how hard it was to get there because I was coming from a location that was very far away and yet they were having the ceremony, and I really felt -- you know, I had them up to Bedminster, most of the family members, and I got to know them. They're great people. Their sons and daughter, just as though Kamala shot them with a pistol in her hand or his hand.

Donald Trump: They were killed by Biden and Kamala. They were killed. They should have never left from that airfield. They should have left for Bagram. We should have never given up Bagram. Bagram now is controlled by China. The reason we shouldn't have given it up was not because of Afghanistan. The reason we shouldn't have given it up, one hour away from where China makes its nuclear weapons.

Donald Trump: And I wasn't giving it up. We were getting out quickly and effectively. I'm the one that got the numbers down to less than 5,000 soldiers. But I would've never left unless they fulfilled their obligations under an agreement. I had a wonderful agreement, but the agreement said "You have to do this, this, this."

Donald Trump: They didn't do three of the first five things, so therefore, they would have done it. Abdul was the leader, and he wouldn't have done it, and he would have never done that to us. And just -- in finishing up with that, and I appreciate the question actually, but in finishing up with that, for 18 months -- spoke to Abdul over the phone.

Donald Trump: For 18 months, not one American soldier was shot or killed. Not one American soldier was even shot at. Abdul understood. Don't do it. I said, "Don't do it, Abdul. Don't do it." And for 18 months, not one soldier was even shot at, and that's the way it's supposed to be, right? And then they had that horrible situation with the 13 dead, leaving billions of dollars of equipment behind and leaving a lot of Americans behind.

Donald Trump: Lot of Americans. And you know what else? Leaving a lot of soldiers badly wounded. Nobody ever talks about them, but I do.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Well, I would have a great relationship with them, and what you have to do is start all over again. You cannot have these policies of high taxation. You can't have these policies of politics where you go after your politicians. You have to have an honest voting system because, you know, you don't have an honest voting system.

Donald Trump: They send out millions and millions of ballots. They go all over the place. Some people get two, three, four, five. You have a very dishonest system over here. If I ran with an honest vote counter in California, I would win California, but the votes are not counted honestly. It's a very dishonest system that you have in California, and I'd make it business-friendly.

Donald Trump: Right now, it's business-unfriendly. Look, Elon Musk is a friend of mine. He endorsed me very powerfully. He endorses me every time he speaks. He really wants to see us win because he knows we can do a great job and turn it around. He left California. I said to him, "Elon, did anybody ever call you?" It's a big company.

Donald Trump: He moved to Texas. A lot of people moving to Texas. Great state, excellent governor, and excellent lieutenant governor. Great people. They love entrepreneurs. They love the people that live there. They want to keep their taxes low. Taxes are way too high here. But I said to Elon, "So, you have a big company and you're moving it to Texas from California. Did anybody call you, like the governor, to try and get you to stay?"

Donald Trump: No. "Did anybody see you, write a letter, do anything to try and keep you to stay? You have thousands of jobs." He said nobody ever called. There'd be so many things you could do. This would be the easiest place to turn around if they knew what to do. Look at it. I mean, look at the weather. We're standing out here on the Pacific Ocean in the most beautiful weather.

Donald Trump: A lot of states don't have weather like this. They don't have Pacific Oceans. So, many things you could do, but you start with lowering taxes and making it friendly. But think of it, Elon Musk, a great guy, brilliant guy, big company, lots of jobs, leaving. Nobody even calls him to try and get him to stay.

Donald Trump: I would have been on him. I would have said, "Let's have lunch, let's have dinner, and then let's have breakfast the following morning," right? I would have tried to talk him out of it. Yeah. Go ahead, please.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: No. I don't know that much about it. No, I don't. I know she's a big fan of the campaign, but I really don't know. I would say that -- well, she brings a spirit to us that a lot of people have. We have very spirited people. And in all fairness to her, she hates seeing what's happened to the country, I guess.

Donald Trump: I mean, she hates seeing what's happened to the country. So, do I. It's very sad. It's very sad when I have to stand out here on my property and say how bad California is. Did you have another one?

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: They are. But we're going to help them. And I told John, the local mayor, but I told John we're going to help him with his slide problem. You know, there are ways of fixing that. We discussed it. He knows better than anybody. And he needs help from the federal government. He needs help from the state government, and it's a very wealthy area.

Donald Trump: But you also have people living here that are elderly and have fixed incomes and have houses that are going to be, you know, shoved into the Pacific Ocean if something's not done. And he wants it taken care of. He's a great mayor. He wants it taken care of. It was very -- he wants nothing for himself.

Donald Trump: He just wants to help these people. And John, I think you said you have about 600 houses on the site that's sliding. And he'd like to be able to save those houses for people that some of which will never be able to have a house again. You know, it's pretty sad.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: No. I'm not selling. No. I love it. I mean, I use it as a method of getting out my word. You know, when it opened, it went way high, but then the SEC gave us nothing but problems. We had to go through a long, long process with the SEC. But people think that I'm leaving, that's why they're down because if I leave -- you know, it's different if I leave.

Donald Trump: But I'm not leaving. I love it. I think it's great. Mechanically, it works the best. And again, I'm friendly with Elon, and Elon would love me to come over to X, but I just -- you know, I have close to 100 million people on X. I had 230 million people on X, and then they shut me down. And I said, "I'm not going to let that happen again."

Donald Trump: You know that I had hundreds of millions of people on X and Facebook and Instagram I think more than anybody. Zuckerberg told me at the White House, he said, "Congratulations, you're No. 1 on Facebook." This is a number of years ago. And then all of a sudden, I went from being No. 1 to having no voice.

Donald Trump: And after about two or three weeks, because I have a lot to say, I put out old-fashioned, press statements, like, a press statement. And they got really successful and they did very well. And then, we built this platform. And the reason I built it is because I don't want to be -- I don't want to have my voice shut down.

Donald Trump: But a lot of people think that I'll sell my shares. You know, they're worth billions of dollars, but I don't want to sell my shares. I'm not going to sell my shares. I don't need money. And it is a great -- for me, it's a great voice. It's a great voice. And it's a voice -- it works so well. And we just won.

Donald Trump: As you know, we got final approval from the SEC. It took us a long time. And that really turned it off. You know, when I originally opened that stock, it went from about 2 to about 182. Did you know that? It was the biggest increase in the history of the stock market. I believe -- you know, I have to say I believe because you're going to find one company, maybe, who knows? But I believe it was the single, biggest movement, and I think I was worth $61 billion from that one stock.

Donald Trump: And then we had nothing but problems with the SEC. And it gets whittled down, down, down, but I didn't do it for the money. I did it because I really wanted to have a strong voice, and it's a great voice for me. And as long as my voice is on there, it's going to always be good. But a lot of people think the reason it's down is that a lot of people think I'm going to sell.

Donald Trump: And if I sell, it wouldn't be the same. I could understand that. But I have absolutely no intention of selling. OK?

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: I agree. I agree.

Question: [Inaudible] whose homes are being damaged again and again or falling possibly right behind us or it burned down, or to the people across the country whose homes are jeopardized by [Inaudible].

Donald Trump: OK. This is my favorite question of the day. You're asking me what would I do for -- let's talk California first. Is that OK? Do you mind? So, I was riding with Devin Nunes and some congressmen four years ago. I was riding up north in California. And I looked at these fields, they were massive. I was telling John, right? It's my favorite question.

Donald Trump: I love that somebody would ask me this question, and I never told you to do it, right? Who are you with?

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Good. Spectrum. It's good. New hot, right? It's hot. It's doing well, but that's because you asked good questions. So, what happened? I'm saying why -- I look at this field, and it's massive. And in the middle of the field is a little spot of the most green plush land you've ever seen. I said -- and then I'd see another one, another one.

Donald Trump: These little plots, like, one and two acres, and you'd have a thousand acres that's barren and dead and dark. And I said, "What's the problem here? What is that green acreage?" You know, the soil is unbelievably fertile, but they have no water. I said, "So, do you have a drought?" "No. We don't have a drought. We have -- the water is cut off upstate, up in the north."

Donald Trump: You know that? And the water, in order to protect a certain little, tiny fish called a smelt, they send millions and millions of gallons of water out to the Pacific Ocean, way up north, never even gets close to here. And you know, in Los Angeles and Beverly Hills, all these rich areas, they want to give you, like, 38 gallons of water to use.

Donald Trump: You buy a house for a lot of money and then you're allowed to use 38 gallons of water, but they -- you have no water down here. And the reason you have no water -- you have the canals. The reason you have no water is because Gavin Newscom didn't want to do it. I had it all done. I had the Department of Commerce at the time, believe it or not, they're the ones that rule on this particular issue.

Donald Trump: So, you have millions of gallons of water pouring down from the north with the snow caps in Canada all pouring down. And they have a, essentially, a very large faucet. And you turn the faucet, and it takes one day to turn it. It's massive. It's as big as the wall of that building right there behind you.

Donald Trump: And you turn that, and all of that water goes aimlessly into the Pacific. And if they turned it back, all of that water would come right down here and right into Los Angeles. They wouldn't have to have people not use more than 30 gallons and 32 gallons. They want to do that. You know, they're trying to do that.

Donald Trump: And you have so much water. And all those fields that are right now barren, the farmers would have all the water they needed. And you could revert water up into the hills where you have all the dead forests, where the forests are so brittle because no place is like California. I go to Austria. The head of Austria tells me, you know, we have trees that are much more flammable than what you have in California.

Donald Trump: We never have forest forest because they maintain their forests. And you have all that water that could be used to as water -- what they call water flow, you know, where the land would be damp. And you'd stop many of these horrible fires that are costing billions and billions of dollars by the federal government, etc.

Donald Trump: So, one thing I'm going to do for California, vote for me, California, I'm going to give you safety, I'm going to give you a great border, and I'm going to give you more water than almost anybody has. And the farmers up north, they're going to be able to use 100% of the land, not 1% of their land. And the water's going to come all the way down to Los Angeles, and you're going to have more water than you ever saw, and the smelt is not making it anyway.

Donald Trump: In fact, they make and grow smelt because it dies all the way up and down the line and they put stuff that was artificially made, you know that. So, you're going to have water in California at a level that you've never seen before. The farmers are going to do great. Those fields are going to be all green instead of 1% green.

Donald Trump: And maybe even more important, you're not going to have illegal immigrants pouring into your country and killing your family. You're not going to have the problems that you have right now. We're going to lower your taxes. We're going to bring the car industry back because your car industry is gone. We're bringing it back to Detroit at levels that you'll never see again.

Donald Trump: We'll bring it back to better than it was 30 years ago. But with this group, everything is dead. The automobile industry is dead, the water coming here is dead, and Gavin Newscom is going to sign those papers. And if he doesn't sign those papers, we won't give him money to put out all his fires. And if we don't give him the money to put out his fires, he's got problems.

Donald Trump: He's a lousy governor. And he treated me very nicely, and I treated him very nicely when I was president, but he's done a lousy job. But there's a case, I said, "Gavin, will you sign?" It took him like a month and a half or two months and then he decided for political reasons, and then we got hit with COVID, and we had to solve another problem.

Donald Trump: But you're going to have so much money, Mr. Mayor. You're going to have so much money from economic activity and growth. And you're going to have water like you never thought. Now, in your case, maybe you don't want so much water. But we'll bypass your beautiful area. But we have tremendous amounts, millions of gallons of water that's shoved right into the Pacific Ocean, where it doesn't make a dent.

Donald Trump: And all of that water is going to take care of California, and nobody can make a bigger promise than that. You're not going to have to do desalination plants, which a lot of people want to do, very expensive to do, but it's better than the alternative of no water. So, California, vote for Trump, and you're going to have water, and you're going to have growth, and you're going to have prosperity, and all those people that are leaving are going to really come back. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you.