Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-conference-keir-starmer-united-kingdom-september-18-2025

Keir Starmer: Mr. President, it's a pleasure to welcome you to Chequers. This historic second state visit is a moment to celebrate the unique bond between our two countries. But today, we've gone far beyond that. We've renewed the special relationship for a new era. The United Kingdom and the United States stand together today as first partners on defense, first partners in trade with the groundbreaking deal we struck in May, and now with the new agreement that we've just signed this afternoon.

Keir Starmer: We're confirming our status as the first partners in science and technology, ready to define this century together, just as we did the last. This tech partnership has the power to change lives. It's our chance to ensure that technologies like AI, quantum and others amplify human potential, solve problems, cure diseases, make us richer and freer, strengthen the cause of democracy, not tyranny.

Keir Starmer: This is the territory on which the future will be won. So this partnership today is a signal of our determination to win this race together and to ensure it brings real benefits in jobs, in growth, in lower bills, to put more hard-earned cash in people's pockets at the end of each month. That's what we're determined to deliver and we're bringing businesses with us. We've just come from a fantastic meeting with business leaders, where we set out this vision.

Keir Starmer: They have responded with new deals and investment, breaking every record that we have. 250 billion pounds flowing both ways across the Atlantic, that is a record. Expected to create 15,000 jobs here in the United Kingdom, high skilled jobs in cutting-edge sectors, where people can build careers for the long term, changing lives and communities up and down our country.

Keir Starmer: And look, while we shape this bond for a new era, the fundamentals have not changed. Security remains the cornerstone of this special relationship. We have the deepest, most advanced defense relationship in the world. Our warriors train together and they fight together. Our industries build together, everything from fast jets to the new AUKUS class submarines.

Keir Starmer: So now, as we drive up defense spending, we're going to sweep away the barriers to working together on new defense technologies so we can stay ahead of our adversaries. We're united in defense and security, yes, absolutely, but we're also united in the pursuit of peace. We are working together to end the humanitarian catastrophe in the Middle East, get the aid in, free the hostages, and ultimately bring Israel and the region back towards a comprehensive plan which can deliver peace and security for Israelis and Palestinians alike.

Keir Starmer: We are also working together to end the killing in Ukraine. In recent days, Putin has shown his true face, mounting the biggest attack since the invasion began with yet more bloodshed, yet more innocents killed and unprecedented violations of NATO airspace. These are not the actions of someone who wants peace.

Keir Starmer: So, we've discussed today how we can build our defenses further, support Ukraine and decisively increase the pressure on Putin to get him to agree a peace deal that will last. And President Trump, you have led the way here and we will continue to stand and work together for security and for peace. Mr. President, next year, we'll celebrate the 250th anniversary of the United States.

Keir Starmer: We've come on a long journey together since 1776, but it's no exaggeration to say that the partnership our two nations have built has shaped the world from the beaches of Normandy to the founding of NATO, to the creation of technologies that have revolutionized our lives. Time and time again, it is British and American men and women side by side changing the path of history and turning it towards our values, towards freedom, democracy and the rule of law.

Keir Starmer: In Britain, we take huge pride in that. And let's be clear, this relationship is not just about history, it's about the future. It's about the benefits it delivers now and for decades to come to make our people safer and better off. We've shown today that we're delivering those benefits, improving people's lives.

Keir Starmer: So, we will go into that anniversary year more optimistic than ever and more confident than ever about our two great nations and what they can achieve side by side. Thank you and it is now my pleasure to give the floor to Mr. President. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much -- very much, Prime Minister Starmer. Melania and I are tremendously thankful for the wonderful hospitality that you and Lady Starmer have extended today at Checkers. Quite the place, I must say, quite the place. And we're grateful beyond words for the spectacular honor of the state visit yesterday at Windsor Castle hosted by His Majesty King Charles III, and Her Majesty Queen Camilla.

Donald Trump: These are two fantastic people. We will never forget it. As I said last night, the bond between our countries is like no other anywhere in the world. The United States and the United Kingdom have done more good on this planet than any two nations in human history. That is thanks in large part to the traditions of British liberty, which grew up on these isles, these beautiful, magnificent isles, and were carried by our ancestors to the New World.

Donald Trump: We're forever joined, and we are forever friends, and we will always be friends. This enduring connection is why I was thrilled that the United Kingdom was the very first country with which we made a historic trade deal and a very good trade deal. He's a tough negotiator. I think it was a better deal for you than us, but these are minor details.

Keir Starmer: It's a very good deal for both of us.

Donald Trump: He's a great negotiator -- who will extend our unparalleled security alliance into the realm of economic security for the first time. And I look forward to finalizing it very soon. We'll have it done very quickly. We have also just signed a historic technology prosperity deal, one of a kind, to ensure our countries lead the next great technological revolution side by side.

Donald Trump: In fact, we just left the business leaders, the biggest in the world. Some are in this room right now. And that was quite a meeting we had on business and trade and technology. This trip has galvanized $350 billion in deals across many sectors, and we're committed to ensuring that the UK has a secure and reliable supply of the best AI hardware and software on Earth.

Donald Trump: And we supply that, and we'll make sure we supply it in quantity to the UK. And we also are joining forces on quantum computing and nuclear power, a natural partnership for close allies. The United States, as you probably have heard, is doing better than it has ever done in terms of business and investment.

Donald Trump: The stock market has hit a new high, as you know, and that's for many, many days out of our fairly short eight months and we seem to be hitting new highs. And I think we're going to do much better even as time goes by. Jobs are at a record, and most importantly, we have more than $17 trillion, $17 trillion.

Donald Trump: And this is during an eight-month period being invested in the country, which is not only a record, but if you compare $17 trillion to the last year of the Biden administration, they did $250 billion. They didn't do $1 trillion for the four-year period. We did $17 trillion of investment coming in. A lot of it's because of tariffs and a lot of it's for a lot of other reasons.

Donald Trump: But there's never been anything like it, it's an economic superstar, that's what it's become. It was mismanaged and badly handled for a long period of time, but it's not badly handled anymore. So, that's a record. And remember, that's up until eight months. We have another few months to go and that number is going to get significantly higher, especially if we win a certain case that we're waiting to hear.

Donald Trump: That will be something like the world has never seen. I want to congratulate the United Kingdom on making the vital commitment to spend 5 percent of GDP on defense at the NATO summit this year. We've worked together very closely in so many ways. I'm very honored to tell you that we've solved seven wars, seven wars -- wars that were unsolvable, wars that couldn't be negotiated or done.

Donald Trump: We've done -- the US has done seven of them. The one that I thought would be easiest would be because of my relationship with President Putin. But he's let me down, he's really let me down. It was going to be Russia and Ukraine, but we'll see how that turns out. But that turned out to be -- I thought it might be among the easiest of the group, but we settled just about every conflict.

Donald Trump: And as you know, we're working very hard on Israel and Gaza, all that's happening over there. Complex, but it's going to be -- it's going to get done, it'll all get done right. And likewise, Russia and Ukraine will get done. But it's -- you never know in war. You know, war is a different thing, things happen that are very opposite of what you thought.

Donald Trump: You thought you were going to have an easy time or a hard time, and it turns out to be the reverse. As we saw in the unforgettable parade yesterday at Windsor Castle. What a place it is, the British Armed forces carry on one of the finest military traditions in the world, one of the greatest marching bands, one of the most magnificent sights I've seen.

Donald Trump: I know that our service members look forward and we do look so forward to working even more closely with yours as you push toward that 5 percent goal. And I think, Mr. Prime Minister, you're just about there. You're going to be there very quickly, along with a lot of other great countries. I want to thank NATO and our wonderful head of NATO who's really worked very hard, Mark, for the job they've done.

Donald Trump: As you know, NATO has a 2 percent GDP, and they didn't pay it. Now they're at 5 percent, then they pay it. And we appreciate that.

Donald Trump: And we're sending a lot of weapons to NATO. NATO is paying for those weapons in full. But we're sending them and we're doing a great job at getting them what they need and we appreciate the fact that they're taking care of, because the United States is into that war for $350 billion. And just really, very sad, just got out of control.

Donald Trump: They didn't know what they were doing. But over the generations, British and American warriors have shed their blood side by side in defense of liberty and freedom, and that's why it's so imperative that the United States and the United Kingdom stand together for these fundamental rights and values of the English-speaking world.

Donald Trump: And we've always stood together and we will continue to. Just last week, a great American, Charlie Kirk, was heinously assassinated for speaking his mind. He was a great young man, incredible future. Some people said he might be president someday. I told him, I said, Charlie, I think you have a good shot someday at being president and he just wanted to take care of youth.

Donald Trump: He loved youth. He was -- I've never seen anybody relate to youth like Charlie and they related to him and they're devastated. But I appreciate the many British citizens who have offered their condolences. And again, Charlie was a great person. We'll be going out to a service on Sunday. I'll be leaving with some of the people in this room, just to celebrate Charlie and all that he's done.

Donald Trump: So incredible, never seen anything like it, but I hope that together our nations can lead a movement to defend the glorious traditions of freedom on both sides of the Atlantic. There could be no greater tribute to the immortal bonds of affection and loyalty that unite the British and the American people for all of time.

Donald Trump: We have a relationship like no other. It will always be that way. We will always be united, and we'll always be together. And I just want to thank you, Mr. Prime Minister for the great job I think you're doing. Thank you very much. Thank you.

Keir Starmer: Thank you.

Donald Trump: OK. Any questions?

Keir Starmer: Thank you very much, Mr. President. We're going to take some questions.

Donald Trump: Good.

Keir Starmer: I'll call 2 or 3 to start with, and then I'll pass over to the president.

Donald Trump: Sure.

Keir Starmer: I've got Chris Mason from the BBC first. Chris?

Question: Thank you both. Chris Mason, BBC News. Mr. President, the UK is expected to recognize a Palestinian state in the coming days as the killing in Gaza continues. It often seems that you're the only person that Israel will listen to. What more can you say to them to tell them to stop? And why is the UKs position on a Palestinian state in your view, wrong?

Question: And Prime Minister, what will the recognition of a Palestinian state actually achieve? Is it not just gesture politics to appease people in your own party? Thank you both.

Keir Starmer: Well, Chris, let me just start with that because we discussed this, amongst other things. We had the best part of an hour, I think, upstairs earlier today, just one to one, going through a number of affairs, world affairs, in private. And we absolutely agree on the need for peace and a roadmap because the situation in Gaza is intolerable.

Keir Starmer: The hostages have been held for a very, very long time and they must be freed. And we need aid to get into Gaza at speed. And so it's within that context of a plan for peace which we're working hard on, which not only did we discuss this morning, but our two teams have been working together on that. The question of recognition needs to be seen.

Keir Starmer: And so it's part of that overall package which hopefully takes us from the appalling situation we're in now to the outcome of a safe and secure Israel, which we do not have, and a viable Palestinian state. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Well, simply I want the hostages released now, right now, not one, two, we'll give you three more, tomorrow, and you know, like it's been, but we're the ones that got all the hostages released. We got many, many -- they came, many came to the Oval Office and I've heard stories like I've never thought even possible.

Donald Trump: There was no humanity, no anything. I said to them, I said, was there any warmth shown during this stay, like, they offered you a little extra meal, they gave you a little smile and they said don't worry, you'll be OK, and every one of them said, not even a little bit. Amazing to think that during this stay, long stay in some cases.

Donald Trump: We had a man the other day, 451 days he was there. I always asked that question and was there any warmth shown, just a little word of encouragement and the answer is every time, absolutely not. I'm shocked to hear it because in the worst cases, there's always somebody that comes through. We have to remember October 7th, one of the worst, most violent days in the history of the world.

Donald Trump: Not just there, the history of the world and I got to see the tapes and I wish I didn't see them, actually, but I got to see them. And I want an end. I want the hostages released and I think it's going to be OK. But it has been a brutal period of time, but this has been going on for a long time. This is not something that's over the last year or two years, but this has been for decades and decades.

Donald Trump: But we wanted to end. We have to have the hostages back immediately. That's what the people of Israel want. They want them back and we want the fighting to stop and it's going to stop. But a lot of bad things. You know, Hamas said that they're going to put the hostages up as bait. They're going to put the hostages in front of any attack, and that's pretty brutal.

Donald Trump: We haven't heard that one in a long time. So we have to remember that. So I have a disagreement with the Prime Minister on that score. OK? One of our few disagreements, actually.

Keir Starmer: Great. Can I take Jack from The Sun? Jack.

Question: Thank you both. Jack Ellison from The Sun. Mr. President, in the nine months you've been in office, you've been incredibly successful in all but eliminating crossings on your southern border.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Question: Meanwhile, illegal migration is at record levels in Britain. The Prime Minister is trying to tackle that. What advice would you give to the man standing next to you, on trying to stop illegal migration in Britain? And Prime Minister, if I can just ask, the president is all about drill baby drill in terms of trying to secure American energy and cut bills for Americans.

Question: Meanwhile, you are turning Britain's back on oil and gas in favor of renewable energies such as wind turbines. Why do you think that you are right and he is wrong?

Donald Trump: So, we had millions of people flowing in totally unchecked, totally unvetted from the Biden administration. 25 million, in my opinion, that would be about 25 million, they came from prisons, they came from mental institutions, they were gang members, they were drug dealers. They came from the Congo. They came from all parts of South America.

Donald Trump: They came from everywhere. Think of it, prisons from the Congo being released into the United States, prisons opened up in Venezuela and many other countries pouring into the United States. And I couldn't believe it. One of the reasons I decided to run, I decided to run because I don't want to be controversial.

Donald Trump: But you see what's happened and you see all the information that's come out. We won in 2020, big. And I said, let's run, we got to run, because I saw what was happening. And the worst thing that I saw was all of these people. You know, we've already solved inflation. We've solved prices, oil is way down, energy is way down in the United States.

Donald Trump: But what I saw happening with millions of people pouring into our country, I couldn't stand to watch it, and we've done a great job. Nobody, if you've seen the last -- I appreciate your question, by the way, nobody, absolutely zero and I'm not even sure that's possible, but it's a very liberal group, they come out with those statistics.

Donald Trump: The last three months we had zero -- from millions of people a year ago, we had zero people enter our country illegally and we do have people coming in legally, through a legal process and testing and lots of other things. I think it's very important, and we speak about it and I think your situation is very similar.

Donald Trump: You know, you have people coming in and I told the Prime Minister I would stop it and it doesn't matter if you call out the military. It doesn't matter what means you use, but it's going to destroy -- it destroys countries from within and we're actually now removing a lot of the people that came into our country.

Donald Trump: It's a very hard chore. It's a very -- we were given a very, very bad hand, millions of people came in from prisons and mental institutions. We have to remove them and we are removing them. We have no choice and I feel very strongly about it. Thank you very much.

Keir Starmer: Jack, let me just um deal with the question of returns because this is obviously an issue we're taking incredibly seriously. We've struck a number of deals both on cooperation with other countries because this a problem right across Europe, to tackle the problem of actually breaking up the gangs that are running this trade.

Keir Starmer: We have had a record number of returns, over 35,000 now since we came into office. That's the highest number for the best part of 10 years. We struck the terms arrangement with France and notwithstanding the challenges to that scheme, which you've seen in the last few days. A flight went off at 6:15 this morning, successfully returning someone under that scheme.

Keir Starmer: So that is an important step forward. Obviously, there's no silver bullet here. There's a range of things that need to be done. But given the challenges of returning people, it is important that we're able to prove it can be done, it was done. It was done early this morning.

Keir Starmer: So, I can confirm that that flight went, it went successfully, and I'm pleased about that. Now we need to ramp that up, at scale, which was always envisaged under the scheme. But it's very important that we have been able to prove that the proof of concept, if you like, that this can be done and will continue in that way.

Keir Starmer: On the question of energy, firstly, let me be really clear, that I am absolutely determined to ensure that the price and cost of energy comes down. So that bills come down both for individuals, for families with their household bills, but also for business because this is so important. The mix will include oil and gas for many years to come from the North Sea. We've been clear about that for some time.

Keir Starmer: But we also need to mix that with renewables. And it's the mix that's really important, and the approach I've taken on this is the same approach that I take to many other things, a pragmatic approach. Thank you, Jack.

Donald Trump: I would like to say that we inherited the worst Inflation in the history of our country. We had inflation, the likes of which we've really never seen. They say 48 years, and I'll accept that, but I really don't. We had the worst inflation in the history of our country. And we had an expression that I used a lot -- drill baby drill.

Donald Trump: And as you know, we brought fuel way down, the prices way down. And we don't do wind because wind is a disaster. It's a very expensive joke frankly. And we got our energy prices way down, that brought the inflation way down and now we have very little inflation and we have a very, very strong economy. So, that was very important, drill baby drill.

Donald Trump: And you have a great asset here, we spoke about it, it's called the North Sea. The North Sea oil is phenomenal, and I hope -- because I love this country. You know, my mother was born in Scotland and the Hebrides, Stornoway, that's serious Scotland. We were talking about it. And I want this country to do well.

Donald Trump: And you have great assets that you're going to start using, I believe, under this prime minister.

Keir Starmer: Thank you. And I've got Matthew from the Economist. Matthew.

Question: Thank you, Prime Minister. Mr. President, you say that President Putin has let you down. Have negotiations run out of road and what are your next steps to compel an end to this war?

Donald Trump: Well, he has let me down. I mean, he's killing many people and he's losing more people than he's killing. I mean, frankly, the Russian soldiers are being killed at a higher rate than the Ukrainian soldiers. But, yeah, he's let me down, I don't like to see -- it's death. You know, it doesn't affect the United States.

Donald Trump: We have -- other than unless you end up in a world war over this thing, you could. This was a thing that would have never happened had I been president. If I were president, it would have never happened -- and it didn't happen for four years. People -- most people agree it didn't happen, nor was it close to happening.

Donald Trump: And I spoke to President Putin about Ukraine. It was the apple of his eye. I've said that many times. It was, but he would have never done what he did except that he didn't respect the leadership of the United States. They just went through the Afghanistan total disaster for no reason whatsoever. We're going to leave Afghanistan, but we're going to leave it with strength and dignity and we're going to keep Bagram, the big airbase that -- one of the biggest air bases in the world.

Donald Trump: We gave it to them for nothing. We're trying to get it back by the way, OK, that could be a little breaking news. We're trying to get it back because they need things from us. We want that base back. But one of the reasons we want the base is, as you know, it's an hour away from where China makes its nuclear weapons.

Donald Trump: So, a lot of things are happening, but I am very disappointed in the fact that that one's not settled. To think that we settled Azerbaijan and Albania as an example. It was going on for years. It was never going to be settled. If you remember, the prime minister, the presidents, they were there for many years.

Donald Trump: They said when they were in my office, we settled, and they started off at both sides of the Oval Office. So far away; I didn't know you could be so far away. And as we were together for an hour, they kept getting closer, closer. And by the time we finished, we all hugged each other. And one said I've been in this position for 22 years and all I've done is kill their people.

Donald Trump: The other was there for seven years and all he did was kill their people. And we got it settled, and we did others, as you know, Congo -- the Congo, we did -- we settled the Congo with Rwanda. That was going on and that was a machete war. That was a gruesome war, many people close to 10 million people killed.

Donald Trump: We got that settled. My biggest disappointment, but it's -- you know, look, we did seven and most of them were not thought to be settleable. We did India and we did Pakistan, that's two nuclear. That was purely for trade. You want to trade with us you're going to have to get along. And they were going at it hot and heavy.

Donald Trump: But the Russia situation, I hope we're going to have some good news for you coming up. But again, it doesn't affect the United States, and he -- look, it doesn't so much affect you. Of course, you are a lot closer to the scene than we are. We have a whole ocean separating us. But I will say this, millions of people have died in that war, millions of souls and they're not American -- they're soldiers, mostly soldiers, as you know.

Donald Trump: The soldiers are being killed at levels nobody's seen since the Second World War, but they're being killed. And I feel I have an obligation to get it settled for that reason. Thank you.

Keir Starmer: And just to add onto that question, because we have to put extra pressure on Putin. And it's only when the president has put pressure on Putin that he's actually shown any inclination to move. So, we have to ramp that pressure up. I think it's important to have this conversation in the context of what's happened in recent weeks.

Keir Starmer: We saw damage and bombing to the British Council in Kiev. These are targets that it was thought until recently were not targets that would be hit. The British Council, the European Union embassy, the Council of Ministers where President Zelenskyy's ministers work was hit again. These were thought to be places that wouldn't be hit.

Keir Starmer: And then the incursion into Poland last week. And if you put that together, what you can see is either an emboldenment or at least an increased recklessness on Putin's part. And that's why I said earlier that they're not the actions of someone who wants peace. So, we have to ramp up. And we discussed earlier today, we have built the coalition of the willing with British leadership and French leadership stepping up with military planning in the seas, in the sky, on the ground and ramping up what we do with the Ukrainians themselves.

Keir Starmer: And of course, that taken with an American guarantee is now an example, I think, of the challenge of Europe stepping up to the plate, which it has done in the last few months, to show through what we and the French have done, that we're prepared to take the lead in this and take the necessary measures.

Donald Trump: But that's a war that could have been a third world war and I don't think we're going to be there now. But that was heading to a third world war and what a shame it is. What a shame it is.

Keir Starmer: Mr. President, do you want to pull some of the analysts.

Donald Trump: I would love to call a few of them. Bev, do you want to have a question?

Question: Bev Turner, GB News. Thank you. Having been in DC for a few weeks, it's really interesting to see how you run the country as a proud Christian leader. And it really begs the question to the prime minister, if you don't mind, are we still a Christian country? But also --

Donald Trump: When you say we -- are you talking here or --?

Question: Here, the UK, I'm still British, I might live in America, I'm still British, but also.

Donald Trump: I'd rather have him answer that question. I can't give you that answer. [Laughter]

Keir Starmer: That's for the prime minister. But also, despite what we talked about in Scotland a few weeks ago, we still have 12,000 people a year here being arrested for social media posts, for free speech violations. Does that not remain an important area that there is still a lot of disagreement on?

Donald Trump: I'd like to have you answer that.

Keir Starmer: Yeah, look, I mean in terms of a Christian country, I was christened. So, that is -- my church has been um all my life. And we are -- that is wired into our informal constitution. Of course, we celebrate many other faiths as well, and I'm really proud that we're able to do so as a country. And on free speech, that has long lived in this country, free speech, it's one of the founding values of the United Kingdom and we protect it jealously and fiercely and always will.

Keir Starmer: And we will bear down on any limits on free speech. I draw a limit between free speech and the speech of those that want to peddle pedophilia and suicide social media to children. And therefore, I'm all for free speech. I'm also for protecting children from things that will harm them, pedophiles, those that peddle suicide which has had a terrible consequence for individual particularly teenagers.

Keir Starmer: And so, that's the balance we strike. But we have had freedom of speech in this country for a very long time, and we will always protect it.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you very much. Brian, please.

Keir Starmer: Obviously, we'll take decisions for ourselves. I don't want to comment on the decisions of the president, but we take our decisions ourselves.

Question: And my question to you, President Trump, is there any update on the autopen?

Donald Trump: Yeah, it's just gotten worse, from their standpoint. The people that used it, and one -- in particular, one person was never told by Biden to do it. Only spoke to Biden twice and that was just talking about the weather, not talking about any order. And he was taking orders from people other than Joe Biden.

Donald Trump: Joe Biden wasn't giving those orders. You know, Joe Biden didn't believe in open borders. He didn't. I've known him for a long time. He was never the brightest bulb in the ceiling, as we know. You can go back 40 years ago and you'll see that. Go back and take a look at the hearings on Justice Thomas, and you'll see that very much.

Donald Trump: But he didn't believe in open borders and all of this nonsense that they're peddling now, which is why they're not in office any longer. It's a shame. The autopen was illegal. It was illegally used. He never gave the orders. He never told them what to do. And I guess the only one he signed or one of the few he signed was the pardon for his son.

Donald Trump: But you had the Congressman who when they got the information, they found out, they were guilty and they deleted and destroyed all information, everything. You couldn't get any of it. They found out that Nancy Pelosi actually was offered the 10,000 soldiers and she turned him down. They found out many things that were very bad, so they deleted and destroyed all information.

Donald Trump: You talk about freedom of the press and freedom of speech, how about that one? And there's not a thing -- this is after a year and a half of hearings, they destroyed everything. And somebody's got to be held responsible. So Biden, what he did is they knew -- I don't think he knew, but somebody knew. I don't think Biden had a clue about anything, if you want to know the truth.

Donald Trump: But they gave a pardon to those Congress people. They gave a pardon. Those people are so guilty. They gave a pardon, but Biden didn't know about it. The people, whether it's Lisa or any of those people in there that really ran it, I know them all and they're sick people. They're smart people. They're very smart.

Donald Trump: They're probably brilliant, but they're sick in ideology and they were running the autopen. And it was totally illegal, what he did and I hope it's going to be so adjudged.

Keir Starmer: Did you want to take one more, and then I'll go back [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: OK. Let's see. Peter, go ahead.

Question: Thank you, President Trump. In the deal that you're working on for the Chinese to sell TikTok to an American buyer --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Question: Are the Americans going to have to come up with their own algorithm or are they going to continue to use the successful but addictive Chinese algorithm?

Donald Trump: So what we're doing, and we're speaking to President Xi on Friday to see if we can finalize something on TikTok, because there is tremendous value and I hate to give away value, but I like TikTok. It helped get me elected. In fact, Charlie said, sir, you ought to get on TikTok, you'd be great. I said, really, tell me about TikTok. And we -- as you know, we did unbelievably well with youth, like at a level that no Republican has ever even dreamt of. And you know, look, I think we won it for a lot of reasons, but that was a reason we won the election by such a big number.

Donald Trump: TikTok has tremendous value. The United States has that value in its hand because we're the ones that have to approve it. I specifically get the right to approve it. The people that are investing in it are among the greatest investors in the world, the biggest, the richest and they'll do a great job. And we're doing it in conjunction with China.

Donald Trump: But we are getting -- the United States is getting a tremendous fee, plus. I call it a fee, plus, for just making the deal. And I don't want to throw that out the window. I can say this, that you'll have a lot of very unhappy youth. And I use TikTok very legitimately, very straight, just statements every day, little statements, short statements.

Donald Trump: Sir, make it short, please. And TikTok Jack, we call him. It was pretty good, did a good job for me, I guess. But no, I'd rather uh reap the benefits. I mean, the kind of money we're talking about is very substantial and it will be owned by all American investors. And you know, the best investors and the -- you know, very rich people and companies are going to be owning it, very straight, very legitimate countries -- companies.

Donald Trump: And really, companies that love America. So they're going to be owning it. So it's a big thing. And on a much bigger scale and probably that's why we were able to get that, but on a much bigger scale, we're pretty close to a deal. We may do an extension with China, but it's an extension based on the same terms that we have right now, which are pretty good terms.

Keir Starmer: Thank you.

Question: And my question for Prime Minister Starmer, if you feel so strongly about officially recognizing Palestine for statehood, why are you waiting for President Trump to leave the country? Why can't you just do it right now? And isn't there a risk in rewarding Hamas with that?

Keir Starmer: Well, let me be really clear about Hamas. They're a terrorist organization who can have no part in any future governance in Palestine.

Donald Trump: That's good.

Keir Starmer: And what happened on October the 7th, was the worst attack since the Holocaust. We have extended family in Israel. I understand firsthand the psychological impact that that had across Israel. So I know exactly where I stand in relation to Hamas. Hamas, of course, don't want a two-state solution. They don't want peace.

Keir Starmer: They don't want a ceasefire. I'm very clear where I stand on Hamas.

Donald Trump: OK.

Keir Starmer: On the question of recognition, I made my position clear at the end of July as to the timing, which has got nothing to do with this state visit, and I've discussed it with the president, as you would expect amongst two leaders who respect each other and like each other and want to bring about a better solution in the best way that we can.

Keir Starmer: Thank you so much. Can I go back then to Robert at ITV?

Question: Robert Peston, ITV. Mr. President, you uniquely -- you alone in the whole world have the power to persuade Prime Minister Netanyahu to stop the demolition of Gaza City, to stop the starvation of Palestine, and to stop the killing of civilians. If not now, when will you exercise that power to tell him to stop?

Donald Trump: True.

Question: And then for both of you --

Donald Trump: But you do understand about October 7th.

Question: I'm a Jew, so believe me, I understand about it.

Donald Trump: You do understand. One of the worst days in the history of humanity, what happened. I have seen the tapes, babies that are four months old and just chopped up to pieces. And you've seen the tapes and I've seen the tapes. You're a professional and so am I. And people forget about October 7th. I can't forget about it. So I wanted to end, but I want the hostages back.

Donald Trump: I don't want the hostages used as human shields, which is what Hamas is threatening to do.

Question: But as soon as they're back, that's the moment you will tell Netanyahu to stop.

Donald Trump: Well, it would certainly help, but I have to have the hostages back and I don't want them back piecemeal, as I said before. I want them back.

Question: And on a separate issue, free speech, your Vice President Vance said that free speech is under attack in the UK. Do you agree with him? And Prime Minister, we saw the dismissal of a very well-known chat show, host in America last night, Mr. Kimmel. Is free speech more under attack in Britain or America?

Donald Trump: Well, Jimmy Kimmel was fired because he had bad ratings more than anything else. And he said a horrible thing about a great gentleman known as Charlie Kirk. And Jimmy Kimmel is not a talented person. He had very bad ratings and they should have fired him a long time ago. So you know, you can call that free speech or not.

Donald Trump: He was fired for lack of talent. Yeah, please, go ahead.

Keir Starmer: Yeah. I mean, firstly on the question of Charlie Kirk, can I just express how shocking that is, I think to everybody who believes in free speech and in democracy. And it sent shockwaves through the world. And I know that he was a friend of the president, and I reached out straight away to the president because I understood how impactful it would be on him and his family.

Keir Starmer: And we all need to be absolutely clear about that. Whatever our political views, it is shocking, and is to be condemned. On free speech, not much to add to the answer I gave earlier. This country has had free speech for a very, very long time. It is part of who we are as a country, and it is the values that we fought for.

Keir Starmer: We fought for it during the Second World War alongside each other. So we need no reminding of the importance of free speech in this country. Thank you, Robert. And I go to Beth for the final question, please Beth.

Question: Thank you so much.

Keir Starmer: Sky, I should say.

Question: Thank you. Beth Rigby, Sky News. Thank you, Prime Minister, if I could start with you. Prime Minister, President Trump has said he's ready to impose major sanctions on Russia if NATO countries stop purchasing Russian oil. He's got a point, hasn't he? Is that what you now believe is needed to bring Putin properly to the table, and what's your message to the president on US sanctions?

Question: And Mr. President, if I may, the King praised your personal commitment, last night, to finding solutions to the world's most intractable conflicts. You have invested much of your time and effort in Ukraine. But even as you seek to broker a deal, President Putin is escalating the war. He's firing drones into NATO airspace.

Question: You say he has let you down. Was it a mistake to invite him to Alaska? Do you regret it?

Donald Trump: No.

Question: And is it time to squeeze him, sir, and scare him and impose sanctions? And finally, if I may, the elephant in the room, Lord Mandelson, he is no longer the ambassador. Do you have some sympathy with him that he lost his job over historic links to Jeffrey Epstein? Thank you very much, sir.

Donald Trump: I don't know him actually. I had heard that, and I think maybe the prime minister would be better speaking of that. That was a choice that he made and I don't know, what is your answer to that?

Keir Starmer: Well, I mean, it's very straightforward. Some information came to light last week, which wasn't available when he was appointed, and I made a decision about it. And that's very clear. On the question of the pressure on Putin and on Russia, which is obviously really important. Look, I think it is a challenge to Europe.

Keir Starmer: There are a number of European countries which are too reliant on energy from Russia. The UK actually, obviously, has almost got nothing at all, but we do need to bear down and work with our European counterparts here. There are one or two countries I think that do need to look again at the question of energy.

Keir Starmer: There's no one silver bullet here. We do have to have a wider suite of sanctions, which we've put in place a number of times, working across Europe and with the United States. And of course, we must, and we are making sure that Ukraine is in the strongest position now, because one of my long concerns here has been that whilst we talk about a ceasefire, and we all want a ceasefire, and we talk about what might happen after a ceasefire, we mustn't forget that Ukraine needs our support now.

Keir Starmer: We've said we stand with Ukraine from the start to the finish and that means we must continue to supply them with what they need in order to fight this war, which of course resulted from and is a result of Russian aggression. We have particularly done the sort of leadership role in the coalition of the willing so that if there is a ceasefire and if there is a deal, and I do hope there is, that is then lasting and not then broken because, given previous history, I don't trust Putin?

Keir Starmer: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Very simply, if the price of oil comes down, Putin's going to drop out, he's going to have no choice. He's going to drop out of that war. And when I found out that the European nations were buying oil from Russia -- and, as you know, I'm very close to India, I'm very close to the prime minister of India.

Donald Trump: I spoke to him the other day, wished him a happy birthday. We have a very good relationship. He put out a beautiful statement too. We have -- but I said, you know, I sanctioned them. China is paying a very large tariff right now to the United States. But I'm willing to do other things, but not when the people that I'm fighting for are buying oil from Russia.

Donald Trump: If the oil price comes down, very simply, Russia will settle, And the oil price is way down. You know, we got it way down, we're drilling, and we produce more oil than anybody else in the world. We're doing a lot, but I was disappointed to see that, and the prime minister was disappointed to see that. And it wasn't him; it was other countries.

Donald Trump: And you can't do that, you can't do that, you can't -- that's not playing fair with the United States. And we can't have that. Thank you.

Keir Starmer: Thank you very much indeed. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you.