Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-conference-mar-a-lago-january-7-2025

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. It's an honor to be with you. Many things are happening that are exciting, very exciting for our country, and we're honored to welcome one of the most respected business leaders in the Middle East, indeed the world. He's a founder and chairman of DAMAC Properties, Hussain Sajwani, very respected gentleman.

Donald Trump: And I'm thrilled to announce today that DAMAC will be investing at least $20 billion over a very short period of time into the United States and they may go double or even somewhat more than double that amount of money. It's a great thing and I believe he will say that he's doing it because of the fact that he was very inspired by the election.

Donald Trump: They wouldn't do it without that election. I can tell you a lot of people wouldn't. You saw last week where we have somebody who was going to go from $100 to $200 billion and we have many other people and we'll be bringing some of them out. Some of them like to do it somewhat more quietly and some don't and they feel so strongly about the country that they want to let people know about it. But it's an honor to have such a great investor investing in our country.

Donald Trump: The investment will support massive new data centers across the Midwest, the Sun Belt area and also to keep America on the cutting edge of technology and artificial intelligence. He's very big into the data centers and that's going to be a very hot item in the coming years, as you know, with AI in particular.

Donald Trump: The first phase of the project will be in Texas, Arizona, Oklahoma, Louisiana, Ohio, Illinois, Michigan and Indiana, those plaes. And Hussein, I'd love you to come up and say a few words. Thank you very much. Thank you.

Hussain Sajwani: Thank you. Thank you, Mr. President. It's been amazing news for me and my family when he was elected in November. We've been waiting four years to increase our investments in US to very large amount of money. We are a company operating in more than 20 countries around the world. We have delivered more than 45,000 luxury units and another 45,000 in the pipeline.

Hussain Sajwani: In data center, we are in 10 countries around the world, in Asia, Europe and Middle East and we're very, very excited now with his leadership and his open strategy and policy to encourage businesses to come to US. For the last four years, we've been waiting for this moment and we're planning to invest $20 billion and even more than that if the opportunity in the market allow us. But at the moment, we're planning $20 billion in data center catering for the AI and cloud business for the hyperscalers.

Donald Trump: Fantastic.

Hussain Sajwani: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Great Honor. Thank you very much. So nice. And that man knows what he's doing. He knows. So Hussain, we're going to work with you and make sure everything goes smoothly. We have powers that haven't really been used in terms of environmental. If you invest over $1 billion in the United States, we're going to give expedited reviews to everybody because everyone's afraid they're going to come in and get caught in the quagmire, which is very prevalent in the United States, unfortunately, the quagmire of environmental and various other regulations and rules.

Donald Trump: And I made it a point of telling people if you invest $ 1 billion or more and we'll do this for people with far less too, but we guarantee it, we're going to move them quickly through the environmental process. Sometimes people are held up 12, 13, 14, 15 years. I saw it with plants in Louisiana where I got it approved and literally a week.

Donald Trump: They were through the review in one week after spending 14.5 years trying to get it and they were going nowhere. It was a terrible thing. So I've been a victim of that myself over the years and I think I know all the games and all the tricks that are played and much of it is just done to stop progress. So we're going to be helping you and everybody else that comes to the United States and wants to invest their money, that you don't get tied up for the rest of your life and you can't do anything.

Donald Trump: This commitment further underscores that many of the greatest business leaders on Earth are seeing a very bright economic future for America. Since the election, as you know, a lot of positive things have happened. We are inheriting a difficult situation from the outgoing administration and they're trying everything they can to make it more difficult.

Donald Trump: Inflation is continuing to rage and interest rates are far too high. And I've been disappointed to see the Biden administration's attempt to block the reforms of the American people and that they voted for. We had a landslide election. We won every swing state. We won the popular vote by millions and millions of people.

Donald Trump: Nobody even knows how many people, millions, and they're still counting in some areas. You know, they're still counting the vote in some areas. Can you believe this? What a place, what a horrible place. One of the things we're going to do is we've got to fix the election so that we get honest counts and they get done by 10:00 in the evening or something thereabouts.

Donald Trump: They have places where they're still counting votes. President Biden's actions yesterday on offshore drilling, banning offshore drilling will not stand. I will reverse it immediately. It will be done immediately and we will drill baby drill and we're going to be drilling in a lot of other locations and the energy costs are going to come way down.

Donald Trump: They'll be brought down to a very low level and that's going to bring everything else down. That's what caused it to go up along with the ridiculous spending on the Green New Scam. All this money, trillions of dollars, it's like throwing it right out the window, what they're doing and they're trying to spend so much now.

Donald Trump: They're just taking money and giving it to anybody that wants it for any project at all, if it's certified under the Green New Scam. And they don't work and it's too expensive. And they told me that we're going to do everything possible to make this transition to the new administration very smooth. It's not smooth because they're doing that.

Donald Trump: They're playing with the courts, as you know. They've been playing with the courts for four years. Probably got me more votes because I got the highest number of votes ever gotten by a Republican by far, actually by a lot. And you know, we had a great election, so I guess it didn't work. But even to this day, they're playing with the courts, have their friendly judges that like to try and make everybody happy on the Democrats' side, it's called lawfare.

Donald Trump: It's called weaponization of justice and it's happened at a level that nobody's ever seen before. So many I defeated deranged -- Jack Smith. He's a deranged individual. I guess he's on his way back to The Hague, and we won those cases. Those were the biggest ones. And the press made such a big deal out of him, but we did nothing wrong.

Donald Trump: We did nothing wrong on anything. And the people saw that. When they vote -- when a Republican, it's not easy for a Republican. When the Republican wins the popular vote by millions and wins all seven of the swing states, people said well, he could win four. We won all seven and we won them by a lot. That tells you we won.

Donald Trump: And they've been watching this injustice -- this -- I call it the Injustice Department, what they've done is so bad, the whole world has watched that. And it took work, but it got me a lot of votes because when explained, I mean, we have a judge in New York who's a very crooked judge. I'm under a gag order.

Donald Trump: I can't even talk about aspects of the case that are the most vital aspects. I'm under a gag. Do you know that I'm the president-elect of the United States of America, I'm a former very successful president. We had the greatest economy in the history of our country. We had borders that were sealed and beautiful.

Donald Trump: We had -- everything was good. We had no wars. We defeated ISIS. We had no wars. Now I'm going into a world that's burning with Russia and Ukraine, with Israel. You took a look at that attack on October 7th, the attack on Israel with the horrible way they got out, not the fact that they got out, I would have been out before them.

Donald Trump: But we would have been out of Afghanistan with dignity and strength as opposed to looking like a bunch of fools with 13 dead and many, many badly, horrifically injured. Nobody ever talks about them, no arms, no legs. Nobody ever talks about them. The way they got out was outrageous, leaving billions of dollars of brand-new military equipment, that I bought, in the hands of the Afghans and specifically the Taliban, it's the group.

Donald Trump: And we were doing very well, we would have been out, we would have been respected. I think it's one of the reasons -- it was so badly handled that withdrawal where people are jumping onto airplanes, falling off the sides of airplanes when they're 3,000 feet in the air and nobody's ever seen anything like that, the worst.

Donald Trump: And because of that, I think Russia went and attacked Ukraine. When they saw that they said these guys are incompetent, they don't know what they're doing. But we know what we're doing now and that's going to all end, and we have a great military. I defeated ISIS, as you know, we were in no wars. I just finished a couple, and we got also our soldiers guarding Syria and Turkey were in the middle.

Donald Trump: We had 5,000 soldiers there, would have been gobbled up with two armies. We had one army 300,000, we had another one 500,000 or 600,000 looking, getting ready. We had 5,000 people in the middle. I said to a general how do 5,000 people do in that case? And the general just looked at me and said, not well, sir, not well.

Donald Trump: And I took him out and you know what happened? Nothing. I got criticized. I saved 5,000 lives actually. And we did a great job and we're going to do an even better job because now we have a tremendous amount of experience. We have people that I can rely on, but the 625 million acres -- people can't realize, it's like the whole ocean, take an acre, you know, an acre.

Donald Trump: You have a house on a half an acre, on a quarter of an acre, or an acre. If you have an acre, you have a big deal. Now you multiply that by 625 million acres. It's like -- feels like the whole ocean and that's our strength. You know, people can say we manufacture, we don't manufacture a thing we have -- we have oil and gas more than anybody in the world, and we're going to have more of it too.

Donald Trump: But they took away 625 million acres of offshore drilling. Nobody else does that. And they think they have it but we'll put it back. I'm going to put it back on day one. I'm going to have it revoked on day one. We'll go immediately -- if we need to. I don't think we should have to go to the courts, but if we do have to go to the courts, you know they try to be sneaky.

Donald Trump: They go in and they say, remember, this is a man that said he wants the transition to be smooth. Well, you don't do the kind of things -- you don't have a judge working real hard to try and embarrass you because I did nothing wrong. By the way, I did nothing, absolutely nothing wrong. If I did something wrong, I wouldn't be standing here right now because I've won all these cases.

Donald Trump: Nobody's ever won so many cases as I have against the Justice Department. I mean, Jack Smith had cases all over the place. People were being subpoenaed; lives were being ruined. They were spending everything they had, money -- we were helping them out. We had to -- they were being -- they were subpoenaing people from -- that had no idea what they were even talking about.

Donald Trump: That's a sick group of people, and it was all to influence the election. It was all a fight against a political opponent. We've never had that in this country. We have had that in certain countries. We've had that in third tier countries, we've had that in banana republics, but we've never had that in a place like the United States.

Donald Trump: I don't even know if it's been on a small level. I'm sure it has been on a small level, but this was the largest level ever. They brought this moron out of The Hague. He's a mean guy. He's a mean, nasty guy. His picture was perfect because you look at his picture, you say that's a bad guy with his robe, his purple robe, and he executes people.

Donald Trump: He shouldn't be allowed to execute people because he'll execute everybody. He's a nut job. But we won all of those cases with him. And I mean, I don't know the judge in Florida, but we had a brilliant judge in Florida that saw right through it, and we won the case. She was a brilliant judge with great courage.

Donald Trump: You know, the left as we call them, the radical left, they have a way -- they play the ref and they play it very hard. They play the ref. They go and say horrible things about judges and prosecutors. And some judges and prosecutors say, look, the only way I'm going to get these people off my back is to give victory to them.

Donald Trump: They're playing the ref. I think it's illegal, what they do. It's almost like talking -- it's worse than talking to a judge. But the judge in Florida, Judge Cannon, was brilliant and tough and she didn't stand for it. And I don't know her and never met her until the case, and I don't believe I said even one word to her, but she was very, very strong and very, very brilliant.

Donald Trump: And her opinion was so brilliant that they dropped their appeal, they couldn't beat the appeal. So, that's what we're up against. So, they say we're going to have a smooth transition. All they do is talk, it's all talk, everything they do is talk. We're going to have a smooth transition and then they take 625 million acres, and they essentially landmark it so you can't ever drill there again.

Donald Trump: Well, we're going to be drilling soon. We're going to be opening up ANWR. We're going to be doing all sorts of things that nobody ever thought was even possible. But remember when -- just to get off the subject, because I couldn't believe it when I heard it yesterday. I couldn't believe the size of it. I mean, you put down a map and put this up, it's just massive.

Donald Trump: And remember that that's worth probably -- I mean, I've had estimates $40 trillion to $ 50 trillion. That's more than our national debt. Essentially, he's thrown it away, he's thrown it away. He's taken $50 trillion. So, if we owe $35 trillion, he's taken $50 trillion of value and thrown it right out the window.

Donald Trump: We can't do that; nobody can do that. One other thing he did yesterday which was in many ways worse, it's hard to believe it can be worse. He wants all gas heaters out of your homes and apartments. He wants them to be replaced by essentially electric heaters. I don't know what it is with electric. This guy loves electric.

Donald Trump: We're going to be ending the electric car mandate quickly, by the way. This guy loves electric and he -- we don't have enough electricity. And then we have AI where we need more, and he wants to get -- he wants everybody to have an electric heater instead of a gas heater. A gas heater is much less expensive, the heat is much better.

Donald Trump: It's a much better heat. As the expression goes, you don't itch. Does anybody have a heater where you go and you're scratching? And that's what they want you to have. They don't want you to have gas where you don't have the problems of the electric and the source is plentiful. They're much cheaper to operate.

Donald Trump: They're much better, they work much better, they look much better. 60 percent of homes and apartments have gas heaters. He wants them all removed quickly. These people are crazy. There's something wrong with them. There's something wrong with them. They also want to go back, and they have already started that, to when you buy a faucet, no water comes out because they want to preserve.

Donald Trump: Even in areas that have so much water you don't know what to do. It's called rain, comes down from heaven and they want to do -- no water comes out of the shower. It goes drip, drip, drip. So, what happens, you're in the shower 10 times as long. No water comes out of the faucet. You want to wash your hands; they want to go back to even stronger than what they have right now.

Donald Trump: As you know, I ended that policy. You can have all the water you want; it makes no difference, it comes. Especially in certain areas we have so much water, we don't know what to do with it. But these are all things they want -- very, very little water to go into your dishwasher, almost none. And you know what people do? They just keep pressing, pressing, pressing, keep it going.

Donald Trump: They end up using more water. Likewise, washing machines, they want in your washing machine to have very little water coming out of the washing machine. So, when you wash your clothing, you have to wash it four times instead of once. You end up using more water. We're a party of common sense and things that I'm telling you now is really all about common sense.

Donald Trump: On January 20th, we'll turn the economy around very quickly because right now we are -- when I think of our economy, I think about it inflation. That's what we have. We have inflation, I believe at a level that we never had before. There's never been anything like it. And over the next four years, the United States is going to take off like a rocket ship.

Donald Trump: But really, it's already doing it, if you take a look. Just last month, SoftBank announced the $200 billion. I think it will be $200 billion. He said between $100 billion and I said how about making it $200 billion. And he sort of said yes, but let's say it's $100, but it might be $200, right Brian, dollars, United States creating more than 100,000 jobs.

Donald Trump: Hussain just announced a tremendous investment that he's going to make and that's money that's in the bank. He's going to come and do it, and he'll do a great job and he'll build the best centers in the country, I guarantee, because I know the way he builds. Since my election, the stock market has set records.

Donald Trump: The S&P 500 index has broken above 6,000 points for the first time ever, never even close. In a single month, small business optimism soared 41 points. It's not at 41. It went up 41 points and that's the largest in the 39-year history of the group that does it. According to Gallup, the American people's confidence in the economy has just surged to the highest level in history.

Donald Trump: That's why I have a news conference like that. I take the greatest business leaders in the world. I say, hey, do you want to say you're going to invest the money? They're not looking for news conferences. They're saying what am I doing here? They go in and they invest money. But it's good to know where the smartest business people in the world are investing and they're investing in the United States.

Donald Trump: So we've done this all in two months of not being there. We haven't been there and it's pretty amazing and we think we're going to do some really great things, really great things. We're being respected again all over the world. The Panama Canal is a disgrace, what took place at the Panama Canal. Jimmy Carter gave it to them for $1 and they were supposed to treat us well.

Donald Trump: I thought it was a terrible thing to do. It was the most expensive structure ever built in the history of our country, relatively. It would be the equivalent of substantially over $1 trillion today. We lost 38,000 people. Think of it, 38,000 people. They died from malaria, mosquitoes. They were unable to stop the mosquitoes.

Donald Trump: They paid people five times more to take the job. Many of those people died. We gave it away for a dollar, but the deal was that they have to treat us fairly. They don't treat us fairly. They charge more for our ships than they charge for ships of other countries. They charge more for our navy than they charge for navies of other countries.

Donald Trump: They laugh at us because they think we're stupid, but we're not stupid anymore. So the Panama Canal is under discussion with them right now. They violated every aspect of the agreement and they've morally violated it also. And they want our help because it's leaking and not in good repair and they want us to give $3 billion to help fix it. I said, well, why don't you get the money from China, because China is basically taking it over.

Donald Trump: China is at both ends of the Panama Canal. China is running the Panama Canal and they come to see this Biden, this guy who should never have been allowed even to run for president. Of course, she shouldn't have either because that never happened. I had to beat two people, not one. But they want $3 billion to fix the Panama Canal that's run by China and makes a lot of money, China.

Donald Trump: One of the most profitable structures ever built, because you have ships lined up back to Florida, frankly, and they just keep going through. And the numbers are staggering $0.5 million to $1 million a ship. And they took it away from us, meaning we gave it to him for a dollar, but not going to happen. What they've done to us, they've charged us -- they've overcharged our ships, overcharged our navy and then when they need repair money, they come to the United States to put it up, we get nothing.

Donald Trump: Those days are over. Working with the republican majorities in Congress will cut taxes, slash regulations, raise wages and boost incomes at a pace the world has not seen before and certainly not from our country. We had a big chunk of it for the first three years, prior to COVID coming in and my administration.

Donald Trump: We had the greatest economy in history. We cut the most regulations in the history of our country and I did that all in four years, by four times more than any other president cut. We did that in four years, and we were just getting started. We'll impose new tariffs so that the products on our stores will once again be stamped with those beautiful words, made in the USA, and we are not treated well, as you know, by Canada.

Donald Trump: Canada is subsidized to the tune of about $200 billion a year, plus other things. They don't essentially have a military. They have a very small military. They rely on our military. It's all fine, but they've got to pay for that. It's very unfair. I have so many great friends. One of them is the great one, Wayne Gretzky.

Donald Trump: I said run for Prime Minister, you'll win in a -- it'll take two seconds, but he said, well, am I going to run for Prime Minister or governor, you tell me? I said, I don't know, let's make it governor, I like it better. But no, something's going to have to be done. Same thing with Mexico, we have a massive deficit with Mexico and we help Mexico a lot.

Donald Trump: They're essentially run by the cartels and can't let that happen. Mexico is really in trouble, a lot of trouble, very dangerous place. And we're going to be announcing at a future date pretty soon. We're going to change because we do most of the work there and it's ours. We're going to be changing sort of the opposite of Biden, where he's closing everything up, essentially getting rid of $50 trillion to $60 trillion worth of assets.

Donald Trump: We're going to be changing the name of the Gulf of Mexico to the Gulf of America, which has a beautiful ring. That covers a lot of territory. The Gulf of America, what a beautiful name and it's appropriate. It's appropriate. And Mexico has to stop allowing millions of people to pour into our country. They can stop them.

Donald Trump: And we're going to put very serious tariffs on Mexico and Canada because Canada, they come through Canada too, and the drugs that are coming through are at record numbers, record numbers. So we're going to make up for that by putting tariffs on Mexico and Canada, substantial tariffs. And we want to get along with everybody, but it takes two to tango.

Donald Trump: We're approaching the dawn of America's golden age. It's going to be a golden age for America. We have things that nobody else has. We have more natural resources. Number one, nobody knew that until I came along. I made us number one. We're number three, I made us number one in a very short period of time, in drilling.

Donald Trump: And you know, you can talk about windmills. They litter our country. They're littered all over our country like dropping paper, like dropping garbage in a field. And that's what happens to them, because in a period of time, they turn to garbage, most expensive energy ever. They only work if you get subsidy.

Donald Trump: The only people that want them are the people that are getting rich off windmills, getting massive subsidies from the US government, and it's the most expensive energy there is. It's many, many times more expensive than clean, natural gas. So we're going to try and have a policy where no windmills are being built.

Donald Trump: Off the coast of new Jersey, they want to build like 200 windmills that people are going crazy. Nobody wants them and they're very expensive. They don't work without subsidy. You don't want energy that needs subsidy. Energy is a good business. You don't need subsidy. But when you build these massive towers, and they're 25 stories tall, 40 stories, they have 170 stories tall.

Donald Trump: The blades, they take three ships to ship them. It's crazy. They're dangerous. You see what's happening up in the Massachusetts area with the whales, where they had two whales wash ashore in, I think, a 17-year period, and now they had 14 this season. The windmills are driving the whales crazy, obviously.

Donald Trump: And they had, actually, over, I think, 125 or something over a number of years and we don't want that to happen. It's a disaster for them. It's amazing the way a true environmentalist would say, oh, we love wind. It sounds good but that's about where it ends. After 10 years you have to redo them. And what happens is they don't do that.

Donald Trump: They let them stand and they rust and they say because of the environment. I'm not a believer in this, but they say you can't because it's a certain fiberglass, that the blades cannot be buried in Earth, that that's an environment -- so what do you do with them? What do you do with them? And I don't know if you've ever gone to Palm Springs, California, or any of these places where you have long-term windmills standing.

Donald Trump: They're a disaster. They're rusting, rotting, closed, falling down. This is as you enter Palm Springs. And they put new ones next to them because nobody wants to take them down, because why should they take them down? It's very expensive to take them down and you can't do anything with them because the blades, you can't bury them because of the environmental p rotection, we'll look at that -- doesn't make sense, but that's what they say.

Donald Trump: So, we are at the beginning of a great, beautiful golden age of business. And I think we're also at a golden age of common sense, because everything I'm saying to you, from a simple water faucet that doesn't allow water to come out appropriately, to all of the other elements of what we do and what we're going to do. To take $50 trillion to $60 trillion off our country's balance sheet because some man that has no idea what he's doing -- has no idea.

Donald Trump: You know it, I know it, the democrats know it. What they did is a crime by allowing that to happen. And I'll bet you if you asked him today, how much acreage did you submit? Essentially, did you destroy? You destroyed the economic viability of drilling in the ocean. And with AI coming along and all -- you know, a lot of people don't realize that AI is going to be a big thing, but you'll need double the electricity at least that we have right now.

Donald Trump: So, right now, we produce electricity for many, many different things. AI is a very big deal in terms of the future. China is already building electric facilities, big bold electric facilities. And you know how they're being fired up? With coal, they're being fired up with coal. And we're going to build bigger and better ones.

Donald Trump: People like Hussein, that are doing the same thing as he is. I'll bet they don't do it as well because I know how he does it, but they're doing a lot of things. The problem is they can't get their permits because they say build the plant with the building. So, with the structure build the plant, because if you go on to grid, the grids are old.

Donald Trump: So, they said that's a great idea. In other words, build your electric facility alongside of your plant, and you could have extra output if you want, because once you build it, you can make it larger pretty inexpensively. You could have extra output which you'll sell to the public but build it with the plant and people are loving that idea.

Donald Trump: So, we're going to have a lot of fun making America great again and it's going to happen I think very, very quickly. It's already happened. So, I would say this, and this has been pretty openly reported by the news -- there's never been anything like what's happened in the last -- since we won the election a couple of months -- since we won the election the whole perception of the whole world is different.

Donald Trump: People from other countries have called me, they said, thank you. Thank you. The perception of the whole world is different. We're going to have to settle some big problems that are going on right now. We're going to have to settle up with Russia, Ukraine -- that's a disaster. I look at numbers every week.

Donald Trump: The number of people being killed in that war, people don't know, mostly soldiers now, but the towns have been obliterated. This was a Biden fiasco that he got us -- that should have never happened. If we had a real president -- if we had a president that knew what he was doing, Russia would have never ever gone in. But they did go in and we have a mess.

Donald Trump: The cities are all blown up, the people have largely left, and the soldiers are killing each other at levels that haven't been seen since the Second World War. So, we'll have to get that one straightened out too. That's a tough one, much tougher than it would have been before it started, I can tell you that.

Donald Trump: A deal could have been made just by an average dealmaker; a deal could have been made on that. So, thank you all for coming. We'll take a couple of questions. Yeah, go ahead, please.

Question: Mr. President, thank you. I wanted to touch on the world on fire that you mentioned, but let's start if we could with your references to Greenland and the Panama Canal and so forth. Can you assure the world that, as you try to get control of these areas, you are not going to use military or economic coercion?

Donald Trump: No.

Question: And can you tell us a little bit about what your plan is? Are you going to negotiate a new treaty? Are you going to ask the Canadians to hold a vote? What is the strategy? And I --

Donald Trump: I can't assure you -- you're talking about Panama and Greenland. No, I can't assure you on either of those two. But I can say this, we need them for economic security. The Panama Canal was built for our military.

Question: [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: I'm not going to commit to that. Now it might be that you'll have to do something. Look, the Panama Canal is vital to our country. It's being operated by China -- China. And we gave the Panama Canal to Panama; we didn't give it to China. And they've abused it. They've abused that gift. It should have never been made, by the way.

Donald Trump: Giving the Panama Canal is why Jimmy Carter lost the election, in my opinion, more so maybe than the hostages. The hostages were a big deal. But if you remember, and nobody wants to talk about the Panama Canal now because it's inappropriate, I guess. But -- because it's a bad part of the Carter legacy. But he was a good man.

Donald Trump: Look, he was a good man, I knew him a little bit and he was a very fine person, but that was a big mistake. Giving the Panama Canal to Panama was a very big mistake. We lost 38,000 people. It cost us the equivalent of $1 trillion, maybe more than that, probably the most expensive -- they say it was the most expensive structure, if we call it a structure, which I guess you can ever build.

Donald Trump: And giving that away was a horrible thing. And I believe that's why Jimmy Carter lost the election even more so than the hostages, those two things.

Question: If I could just follow up on Ukraine and Iran, the two negotiations you'll be heading into. On Ukraine, you said just before, it's a lot more complicated now.

Donald Trump: Much more complicated.

Question: Do you believe --

Donald Trump: Because it would have never started.

Question: Right. But it has started, you've got --

Donald Trump: Well, not only started, the cities are largely knocked down. They're --

Question: So, you've got what you've got. At this point, would you -- to hold on to leverage in dealing with President Putin, would you make a commitment to the Ukrainians that you will keep supporting them during the negotiations?

Donald Trump: Well, I wouldn't tell you if that were the case.

Question: Would you make a commitment to provide a security guarantee if they do enter into an armistice or a ceasefire along the lines that the French and the Germans --

Donald Trump: So, you know, a big part of the problem was Russia for many, many years, long before Putin, said, you could never have NATO involved with Ukraine. Now they've said that -- that's been like written in stone. And somewhere along the line Biden said no, they should be able to join NATO. Well, then Russia has somebody right on their doorstep and I could understand their feeling about that.

Donald Trump: But there were a lot of mistakes made in that negotiation. And when I heard the way that Biden was negotiating, I said you're going to end up in a war and it turned out to be a very bad war. And it could escalate -- that war could escalate to be much worse than it is right now.

Question: [Inaudible] they can never join NATO.

Donald Trump: Well, my view is that it was always understood. In fact, I believe that they had a deal and then Biden broke it. They had a deal which would have been a satisfactory deal to Ukraine and everybody else. But that Biden said, no, you have to be able to join NATO. And that's always been, and nobody knows more about NATO than I. You know, years ago when I first started this, I didn't know too much about NATO, but I got it right anyway.

Donald Trump: I said they're taking advantage. I'm the one that got, and the secretary general was here, as you know, two weeks ago, saying that if it weren't for me, NATO wouldn't even exist right now. Because I raised, from countries that weren't paying their bills, at that time 28 countries, 20 of them were not paying their bills, 21 to be exact.

Donald Trump: They weren't paying and -- or they were paying a very small portion, and I raised over $680 billion, that was the number he gave, by saying, if you don't pay, we're not going to protect you. And as soon as I said that the money came pouring in. But Obama could have said it, other people could have said it, Bush could have said it. Nobody said it but me. I took a lot of heat.

Donald Trump: They said, oh, that's a threatening statement. Well, they weren't paying their bills. I said we're not going to protect you if you're not paying the bills. So, in a true sense, I saved NATO, but NATO has taken advantage of us. And one of the problems that I have, and I've said it openly, I said it to President Zelenskyy.

Donald Trump: Europe is in for a tiny fraction of the money that we're in. Now, whether you like that situation or not, Europe is much more affected than the United States. We have a thing called the ocean in between us, right? Why are we in for billions and billions of dollars more money than Europe? And you know, they're a similar size, a little smaller, but they're a similar size economy as the United States when you add them up. And yet Europe is in for a small fraction of the number the United States is in. Now, Biden could have called them up during the term.

Donald Trump: That's what I did. I said you have to pay your bills and they all -- one stood up, I won't say who, you'll probably have it because the papers -- the media hated to report on it. But a prime minister stood up from a country, you know, a famous meeting of 28 nations with no press, no anybody in the room, he stood up and he says, does that mean if we don't pay our bill -- and at that point, it was 2 percent.

Donald Trump: It should be 5 percent -- it should be 5 percent, not 2 percent, but at that point it was 2. But many people didn't pay. Some people didn't pay anything, but many people were way -- including Germany. Germany was at less than 1 percent.

Question: Germany [Inaudible] 5 percent.

Donald Trump: Well, I think NATO should have 5 percent, yeah.

Question: [Inaudible].

Donald Trump: Well, you can't do it at 2. I mean at 2 percent, every country -- if you're going to have a country and a regular military, you're at 4 percent. I think they should be -- they're in dangerous territory. I think you should be -- they can all afford it, but they should be at 5 percent, not 2 percent. I'm the one that got him to pay 2 percent.

Donald Trump: But a gentleman stood up, a prime minister stood up and he said to -- sir, could I ask you a question? You're saying we have to pay our bills. If we don't pay our bills, will the United States protect us from Russia? I said, if you don't pay, you mean you're delinquent? He said, yes. I said, if you're delinquent, we will not protect you.

Donald Trump: I took a lot of heat. Although it was somewhat closed door, I took a lot of heat from the media. And you know what happened, the money started pouring in. That's why NATO has money. And the secretary general said it was the most incredible thing he had ever seen in a negotiation. Now, if I would have said, yes, we will, nobody would have paid.

Donald Trump: I would have loved to have said, yes, we'll protect you even if you don't pay, but that's not the way life works.

Question: Mr. President, two questions related to each other. First, you said on your first day of office you're going to pardon January 6th defendants. Are you planning to pardon those who were charged with violent offenses?

Donald Trump: Well, we're looking at it and we have other people in there. And as you see, I guess 24 or 28 people came now from the FBI. That came out very quietly. Nobody reported it, but they had people in some form related to the FBI. They had four or five people that were strongly related to the FBI. We have to find out about that.

Donald Trump: We have to find out about Hezbollah. We have to find out about who exactly was in that whole thing, because people that did some bad things were not prosecuted. I see it all the time and you see it too. People that were doing some bad things weren't prosecuted and people that didn't even walk into the building are in jail right now.

Donald Trump: So we'll be looking at the whole thing, but I'll be making major pardons. Yes, please.

Question: Mr. President, follow up on the previous question.

Donald Trump: Please.

Question: On Jack Smith's report -- Good afternoon, Mr. President. It's good to see you again. Two questions about Syria and the ongoing war in Gaza. About Syria, the Pentagon disclosed last month that the US has some 2,000 troops in Syria. That's almost double the number. Initially, we were told of 900. Will you keep that troop capacity the same upon taking office?

Donald Trump: Well, I won't tell you that because it's part of a military strategy, but I will say it was Turkey. Turkey has been after that country in different names and different forms and shapes for 2,000 years. Those people that went in are from Turkey. And President Erdogan is a friend of mine. He's a guy I like, respect.

Donald Trump: I think he respects me also. He's the one that didn't go after certain people after I requested that he not. You know who I'm talking about, the Kurds. I don't know how long that's going to -- because they're natural enemies. They hate each other, but he didn't do that yet and he didn't do it in the past also.

Donald Trump: He started and I said, please don't do that, and he didn't do it. But if you look at what happened with Syria, Russia was weakened. Iran was weakened and he's a very smart guy and he sent his people in there through different forms and different names. And they went in and they took over, and that's the way it is.

Question: I'm sorry. I didn't mean to interrupt you. Do you have concerns about HTS taking control [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: By the way, I have the envoy here. Is that in the back, standing with my son, Eric, is Steve Witkoff, who's just got back from the Middle East and he's done a fantastic job. He's a great dealmaker. I said what we need there is a dealmaker because nobody makes a deal. We have people that understand where the rivers are and where the metes and bounds are, but they can't talk.

Donald Trump: They can't make deals. Steve's done a great job. I just want to thank you, Steve. You've been working endlessly for months and he's working specifically on the hostages, trying to get them back.

Question: Well, that was my second question, is Hamas --

Donald Trump: Steve, come up for a second. Maybe you might want to say a couple of words.

Question: Sir, possibly another hostage --

Donald Trump: I didn't know Steve was going to be here, actually.

Steve Witkoff: Neither did.

Donald Trump: He's done a fantastic job and it's a dangerous job too, and we appreciate it. He didn't know about this kind of danger and the other deal making he does. Now he sees a lot of big danger. Come on up, Steve.

Question: Mr. President, can I ask you a second part of that?

Donald Trump: Yeah, just one second, please. I'm going to give you a little report on the hostages, if I can. Steve? Thank you very much.

Steve Witkoff: Thank you, Mr. President. Wow. Well, I think we're making a lot of progress and I don't want to say too much because I think they're doing a really good job back in Doha. I'm leaving tomorrow back to go to Doha. But I think that we've had some really great progress and I'm really hopeful that by the inaugural we'll have some good things to announce on behalf of the president.

Steve Witkoff: I actually believe that we're working in tandem in a really good way, but it's the president, his reputation, the things that he has said that, that are driving this negotiation. And so hopefully it'll all work out and we'll save some lives.

Question: [Inaudible]?

Steve Witkoff: I believe we've been on the verge of it. I don't want to discuss sort of what's delayed it, no point to be to be negative in any way. But I think it's the president, his stature, what he's said he expects, the red lines he's put out there, that's driving this negotiation.

Question: [Inaudible]?

Steve Witkoff: I'm going back probably either this evening or tomorrow night.

Question: Are you confident there will be a deal before January 20th or is that something that's likely to happen -- if there's a deal even at all? We've been hearing this now for the better part of, since October 7th.

Steve Witkoff: I would say --

Donald Trump: They better be.

Steve Witkoff: Right. I would say that the president is exasperated. I don't want to talk for him, but look, I don't know anyone who delegates better than President Trump. He gives us a lot of authority to speak on his behalf and he exhorts us to speak emphatically and emphatically means you better get it. You better do this, because the alternative --

Question: Do you think they're waiting for President Trump to take office?

Steve Witkoff: No, I think they heard him loud and clear, better get done by the inaugural.

Question: But when you say all hell will be paid or -- all hell must be paid if they don't release the hostages --

Donald Trump: You know what that means, don't you. Do I have to define it for you? All hell will break out. If those hostages aren't back, I don't want to hurt your negotiation, if they're not back by the time I get into office, all hell will break out in the Middle East.

Question: Can you elaborate?

Donald Trump: And it will not be good for Hamas and it will not be good frankly for anyone. All hell will break out. I don't have to say anymore, but that's what it is. And they should have given them back a long time -- they should have never taken them. They should have never been the attack of October 7th. People forget that, but there was and many people are killed.

Donald Trump: They're no longer hostages. I have people from Israel and others calling, begging me to get -- we had also people there from the United States just so you know. They're holding some so-called hostages from the US, but I've had mothers come to me and father's crying, can I get the body of their son back? Can I get the body of their daughter back?

Donald Trump: That beautiful girl where they threw her in the car, pulled her by her ponytail and threw her in the car like she was a sack of potatoes. I said, what happened to her? Sir, she's dead. Like a 19, 20-year-old, beautiful girl. And the way they treated her. And I just say this very simply, Steve's got a job to do. He's a great guy, great negotiator, great person.

Donald Trump: They respect him over there already. It's what we needed over there. We have people that know everything about the Middle East, but they can't speak properly. They don't know. He's a great negotiator. That's what I needed. I could have sent that gentleman right over there, Hussain. He's a great negotiator.

Donald Trump: There are people, they're great negotiators, are very rare, like a great surgeon, but we have the right person. But I tell this, I don't want to hurt the negotiation. If the deal isn't done before I take office, which is now going to be two weeks, all hell will break out in the Middle East.

Steve Witkoff: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you. You've done a great job.

Steve Witkoff: Thank you.

Question: Mr. President, more than 140 police officers were injured by rioters on January 6th. Will you pardon anyone who attacked a police officer?

Donald Trump: Well, you know, the only one that was killed was a beautiful young lady named Ashli Babbitt. She was killed and there was actually somebody else that was killed, also a MAGA person, but people don't give it 100 percent credibility. I'm going to find out about it. We're going to find out, but Ashli Babbitt was killed.

Donald Trump: She was shot. She should have never been shot. She was shot for no reason whatsoever. In fact, they say that she was trying to hold back the crowd and the crowd was made up of a lot of different people. So we'll see, but I will tell you this, the person that was killed was Ashli Babbitt. The other thing is, when they talk, there was never charges of insurrection or anything like that.

Donald Trump: But if there were, this would be the only insurrection in history where people went in as insurrectionists with not one gun. OK? And let me tell you, the people that you're talking about have a lot of guns in their home, for hunting and for shooting and for entertainment, a lot of good reasons. But there wasn't one gun that they found and why didn't they find the bomber, the pipe bomber?

Donald Trump: They know who the pipe bomber is. The FBI knows who it is. The status of the FBI has gone down so far and the status of the DOJ or as I call it, the Department of Injustice, it's the Department of Injustice, being laughed at all over the world. And hopefully with Pam Bondi and with Kash Patel and with other people and that will all come back.

Donald Trump: If you do a poll in the FBI, I guarantee you I'm at like 90 percent with the agents of the FBI. But they have hurt -- hurt that incredible place. Law enforcement -- I mean, you think of the FBI -- they raided this house. By the way, they could have told me, could I see this? I would have given them my -- I actually told them, come in any time you want, you can see anything.

Donald Trump: They raided the house, and the case was dismissed. And now I'm in litigation, I'm suing them for doing that. And I feel so badly doing it. I'm the president of the United States and I'm suing the United States, but I'm suing them for other things too. The FBI has gone so -- its reputation has been so horribly hurt.

Donald Trump: Between Comey who was the worst and all of the others, what's happened to the FBI is -- and we're going to make it great again. We're going to make the FBI great again. We're going to make the Department of Justice fair and strong, but fair again, because all they did was attack me because I'm their political opponent.

Donald Trump: And that includes with local judges like Merchan. You're going to find out why -- ask him, why do I have a gag order where I'm not allowed to speak? Think of it, I'm the president of the United States and I'm not allowed to speak. Why? Because if I did speak, people would understand the scam. It's a scam and we have very dishonest judges and New York judges are very bad.

Donald Trump: We had one that valued this house at $18 million because it was good for their case. He actually valued -- that chandelier is worth more than $18 million. He valued this house at $18 million. And we have another one who was so nasty, so horrible, such a brute, the most vicious, vile person, these are New York judges.

Donald Trump: But we've won most of the cases, so we're very happy about that.

Question: That's my question. Back up [Inaudible] your position is clear, but have you directed your staff to take any specific actions to draw up plans? And can you elaborate again that you didn't rule out military coercion in addition to --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Well, we need Greenland for national security purposes. I've been told that for a long time, long before I even ran. I mean people have been talking about it for a long time. You have approximately 45,000 people there. People really don't even know if Denmark has any legal right to it, but if they do, they should give it up because we need it for national security.

Donald Trump: That's for the free world. I'm talking about protecting the free world. You look at -- you don't even need binoculars, you look outside, you have China ships all over the place. You have Russian ships all over the place. We're not letting that happen. We're not letting it happen. And if Denmark wants to get to a conclusion -- but nobody knows if they even have any right title or interest.

Donald Trump: The people are going to probably vote for independence or to come into the United States. But if they did -- if they did do that, then I would tariff Denmark at a very high level.

Question: Have you asked your staff to draw up plans for acquisition? Are you acting --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: No, we're not at that stage, but we have people -- I haven't even entered office yet.

Question: Secondly, sir, Elon Musk has drawn some criticism and a lot of attention for some of his actions and provocative statements about foreign affairs, including in Europe. Your reaction to that? Is that appropriate for --?

Donald Trump: You mean where he likes people that were -- that tended to be conservative? I don't know the people. I could say Elon is doing a good job, very smart guy. I don't know the people you're talking about. He was -- I know he said some negative things about a couple of people that are running for office, but that's not so unusual.

Donald Trump: Yes, please.

Question: I want to ask you about Ukraine and Putin. How soon do you anticipate going to meet with Putin to discuss the Ukraine situation?

Donald Trump: Well, I can't tell you that, but I know that Putin would like to meet. I don't think it's appropriate that I meet until after the 20th, which I hate because every day people are being -- many, many young people are being killed, soldiers. You know, the land is very flat and the hundreds of thousands of soldiers from each -- many hundreds of thousands from each side are dead and they're laying in fields all over the place, nobody to even collect, there's landmines all over, it's a disaster.

Donald Trump: But it's very flat. It's great, it's farmland and it's very, very flat. And the only thing that stops a bullet is the human body and the human body is stopping a lot of bullets.

Question: [Inaudible] conversation within the [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: I hope to have -- six months.

Question: The first three to six months.

Donald Trump: No, I would think -- I hope long before six months. Look, Russia is losing a lot of young people and so is Ukraine and it should have never been started. That's a war that should have never happened. I guarantee you, if I were president that war would have never happened.

Question: Who would you like to nominate to replace Michael Barr as vice chair of the Federal Reserve?

Donald Trump: I'll be announcing somebody soon.

Question: Mr. President, if we were to work under the assumption that you're serious about making Canada the 51st state of the United States, the leader of the Conservative Party in Canada said, under no circumstances will I ever be the 51st state.

Donald Trump: Maybe he won't win, but maybe he will. I don't care.

Question: [Inaudible] you had suggested --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Listen, I don't care what he says.

Question: But sir, real fast, you said you were considering military force to acquire Panama and Greenland. Are you also considering military force to annex and acquire Canada?

Donald Trump: No -- economic force because Canada and the United States, that would really be something. You get rid of that artificially drawn line and you take a look at what that looks like, and it would also be much better for national security. Don't forget, we basically protect Canada. But here's the problem with Canada -- so many friends up there.

Donald Trump: I love the Canadian people, they're great. But we're spending hundreds of billions a year to protect it. We're spending hundreds of billions a year to take care of Canada. We lose -- in trade deficits we're losing massive -- we don't need their cars. You know, they make 20 percent of our cars. We don't need that.

Donald Trump: I'd rather make them in Detroit. We don't need the cars; we don't need their lumber. We have massive fields of lumber. We don't need their lumber. We have to un-restrict them because stupid people put restrictions on, but I can do that with an executive order. We don't need anything they have. We don't need their dairy products, we have more than they have.

Donald Trump: We don't need anything. So, why are we losing $200 billion a year and more to protect Canada? And I said that to, as I called him, Governor Trudeau, I said, listen, what would happen if we didn't subsidize you, if we didn't -- because we give them a lot of money. We help them -- as an example, we're buying icebreakers and Canada wants to join us in the buying of icebreakers.

Donald Trump: I said, we don't really want to have a partner on the buying of icebreakers. We don't need a partner, but --.

Question: What [Inaudible] gives the US the right [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: No right, nope, no, right. Here's what we have, we have a right not to help them with their financial difficulties because we owe $36 trillion too. We're going to start knocking it out pretty fast, but we're going to be able to do it because of energy and other things. But no, no, no right, no, no, no right, but why are we supporting a country $200 billion plus a year?

Donald Trump: Our military is at their disposal, all of these other things. They should be a state. That's why I told Trudeau when he came down. I said what would happen if we didn't do it. He said Canada would dissolve. Canada wouldn't be able to function if we didn't take their 20 percent of our car market. Again, they send us hundreds of thousands of cars.

Donald Trump: They make a lot of money with that. They send us a lot of other things that we don't need. We don't need their cars, and we don't need the other products. We don't need their milk. We've got a lot of milk; we've got a lot of everything, and we don't need any of it. So, I said to him, well, why are we doing it? He said I don't really know.

Donald Trump: He was unable to answer the question, but I can answer it. We're doing it because of habit and we're doing it because we like our neighbors and we've been good neighbors. But we can't do it forever and it's a tremendous amount of money. And why should we have a $200 billion deficit and add on to that many, many other things that we give them in terms of subsidy?

Donald Trump: And I said that's okay to have if you're a state, but if you're another country, we don't want to have it. We're not going to have it with the European Union either. European Union, we have a trade deficit of $350 billion. They don't take our cars, they don't take our farm products, they don't take anything.

Donald Trump: And so, we're not going to have it with them either. Brian, go ahead.

Question: Yes. Happy New Year, by the way. We have some breaking news. You may not be aware of this, but it looks like Cannon has blocked the DOJ from releasing the Smith's report until further court proceedings. Get your thoughts on that.

Donald Trump: That's a big story. So, if I get it right, the fake witch hunt started by the DOJ having to do with books and records, and Biden had many more. And he wasn't protected by the Presidential Records Act, I was. But all of that fake stuff that that took the lives of people, I mean literally destroyed people.

Donald Trump: People are destroyed because of what they did, destroyed, but we got to be president. But Biden did it for 40 years. He did it when he was a senator, that was illegal, and they ruled it was illegal. How about that? They said it's illegal, but he's unfit to stand trial. So, he can stand and be president of the United States, but the prosecutor found that he's unfit for trial.

Donald Trump: That is a major talking point, but I never got to use it because all of a sudden, I had a new candidate who was also sort of unfit to stand trial, right? But so what you're saying is that the judge just blocked the -- so Cannon was thrown off the case, they dropped their appeal because he had no case. They dropped all of that, the lawsuits against us. They lost the lawsuit.

Donald Trump: So this is a deranged Jack Smith. So he dropped the lawsuits. He was told to by the DOJ because they had no lawsuit. They lost in court in front of a very strong and a very brilliant judge, they lost in court, and that pertained to other cases in other courts. So he wanted to do a report just before I take office probably.

Donald Trump: So he'll do like a 500-page report and it will be a fake report just like the investigation was a fake investigation. And I said, well, wait a minute, this guy was thrown off in disgrace, in disgrace. He's going back to The Hague or wherever they're going to send him, in disgrace because he failed so badly because it was a fake case against a political opponent.

Donald Trump: They thought they were going to use this to beat me. So what you're saying is, and I'm just hearing that, that they're not allowed to issue the report. So if they're not allowed to issue the report, that's the way it should be, because he was thrown off the case in disgrace. Why should he be allowed to write a fake report?

Donald Trump: It'll only be a fake report. That's great news, good.

Question: And I can just follow up real quickly, do you want to comment? Many Americans are angry that we're sending millions of dollars every month to the Taliban. Do you anticipate --

Donald Trump: It's not even believable, billions of dollars, not millions, billions. We pay billions of dollars to essentially the Taliban, Afghanistan and that's given by Biden. That's the same man that took away $50 trillion to $60 trillion worth of value from the United States. Think of it, probably our most valuable asset, took away our most valuable asset.

Donald Trump: This can't be allowed to happen. We are now a nation of common sense. When he does that $625 million acres, this can't be allowed to happen. Thank you for the information.

Question: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: Most other people probably knew about it, but they wouldn't have told me, right?

Question: Mr. President, on the campaign trail, you vowed to bring down the prices at grocery stores very fast.

Donald Trump: Yeah, we will do it fast.

Question: You recently told Time Magazine that bringing down prices would be very hard. So what can the American people expect when you get into office? When can they go to the grocery --

Donald Trump: It's always hard to bring down prices when somebody else has screwed something up like they did, but we'll bring them down. We'll get them down. Energy is going to bring down prices. We're going to have a lot of energy and energy is what brought it up. Energy and their bad spending is what brought it up and energy is going to bring it down.

Donald Trump: We're going to have prices down. I think you're going to see some pretty drastic price reductions. As an example, food, bacon, ham, apples, everything has gone through the roof. It's one of the reasons I won. So as you know, and I said it, inflation was one of the reasons I won, but I think the biggest reason I won was the fact that they are allowing prisoners to come into our country.

Donald Trump: They released their prisoners, their murderers. Thousands of murderers are now walking around the streets of our cities and farmland, all over, murders, people that have killed many -- 32 percent have killed more than one person. They released them from their jails, their prisons and their mental institutions, and insane asylums, into our country.

Donald Trump: I believe that's the reason we got such a large vote, maybe one or two more questions. Yeah, please, go ahead. Go ahead. Can you go?

Question: Sir, President Carter is laying in state today in Washington. You had some harsh words for him about the Panama Canal. Is there any disconnect there? Do you feel a little bit bad about doing that on this day?

Donald Trump: No. Look, I liked him as a man. I disagreed with his policy, so hey, he thought giving away the Panama Canal was a good thing. I think it cost him the election, that and the hostages. I actually think that was a bigger factor because that's the deal that just should not have been made. But again, this was a question that was asked of me. I didn't bring it up. I didn't want to bring up the Panama Canal because of Jimmy Carter's death.

Donald Trump: But people don't bring it up, but you and other people have asked me about it. No, it's a deal that I was very strongly against. I was a young guy when this took place, but just why would we spend all of that money, lose 38,000 people to malaria, the mosquito. They were dying. It was horrible. What was happening.

Donald Trump: They paid them four times more than they would make in the United States, but they knew they were going to go over there and die and they died in the jungles of malaria. There was nothing we could do to stop it, 30th -- and then we gave it away for $1. On Congress, sir, are now getting their agenda through Congress.

Donald Trump: You appeared to open the door in your radio interview yesterday for two bill approaches. It's still your preference for one big beautiful bill, as you have said. Well, I like one big beautiful bill and I always have, I always will, but if two is more certain, it does go a little bit quicker because you can do the immigration stuff early.

Donald Trump: Now, you have to understand for immigration and for the wall, we won the case on the wall. They tried to sell the wall for $0.05 on the dollar, by the way. And we had, fortunately, a judge that stopped that, but they were already discarding the wall and $0.05 on the dollar. And you know what they were doing?

Donald Trump: They were calling us up and saying we'll sell it back to you at 200 cents, in other words, double what we paid for it. So they were going to buy it from this guy for $0.05 on the dollar. They were making deals and fortunately, we had a very smart judge that stopped it cold. I think he called for an investigation too and he should, but think of it. They were selling the wall that was exactly the wall that the Border Patrol wanted, that was designed by them, steel, concrete, rebar, exactly as they want, very heavy steel, very powerful steel, hard to cut very, very heavy 7,000-pound concrete, which is a very strong concrete.

Donald Trump: Everything was top of the line, very expensive, would be double what we paid for it then, six years ago. But let me just tell you, they were selling it for $0.05 on the dollar to people and those people were calling us asking us to pay them 200 cents because it's a good deal because we can have it immediately.

Donald Trump: And you know what immediately is, just leave it in place. No, no. The papers haven't written that though. That deal is like all the other things that these people are doing. These people either hate our country or they're very stupid and I don't believe they're stupid because nobody can cheat on elections like they cheat and be stupid.

Donald Trump: They either hate our country or they're stupid. So remember what I said, because nobody wants to report it. They were selling the wall for $0.05 on the dollar and trying to resell it back to us for 200 cents or less. But for 200 cents on the dollar, that's a nice return.

Question: Mr. President, did the Capitol Police stop putting fact checks on posts on its website and --

Donald Trump: Say it again.

Question: Meta said they would stop putting fact checks on its website and instead allow community --

Donald Trump: Yeah. Well, I watched their news conference and I thought it was a very good news conference. I think they've -- honestly, I think they've come a long way, Meta, Facebook. I think they've come a long way. I watched it. The man was very impressive. I watched it. Actually, I watched it on Fox. I'm not allowed to say that.

Question: [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: Say it.

Question: Do you think he's directly responding to the threats that you have made to him in the past with these actions?

Donald Trump: Yeah, probably.

Question: The last time you were here, you were asked a question about the US possibly launching a preemptive strike on Iran. You said you wouldn't answer that question.

Donald Trump: On who?

Question: On Iran. The US launched a preemptive strike on Iran's nuclear facilities.

Donald Trump: And I said I don't talk about -- it's a military strategy.

Question: But it is a legitimate question. It's something --

Donald Trump: Well, it's not really because only a stupid person would answer it. Look, it's a military strategy and I'm not answering your questions on military strategy. All right. One more. Brian, go ahead. Brian.

Question: Could you give us a preview of what you might be talking to leaders of Congress who are expected to come here in the next couple of days and you've got a very supportive Congress behind you?

Donald Trump: Yeah. They're great. So we have a wonderful republican Congress. We have a leader that have a lot of confidence and I think he's going to be hopefully a great leader, a great speaker. And we have a leader, by the way, in the Senate, I think has been great. John Thune has been doing a fantastic job, but it goes through the house first.

Donald Trump: And the question is whether or not we do the two bills, the one bill. And you know, look, I can live either way. I like the idea of the one big bill, but I can live either way, but they'll be coming down. The Senators also will be coming down and then, ultimately, we'll be meeting in the white House in a few weeks.

Donald Trump: But right now, this is the winter season. They sort of call this the Winter White House. It was built -- I don't know if you know this, Marjorie Merriweather Post and E.F. Hutton built this. It was the greatest of all the estates in our country. And I saved it and I got a lot of credit for saving it. Most of these big great houses have been knocked down in Palm Beach.

Donald Trump: Just about all of them, actually, and you build 10 mansions on one site, but we saved it. But this was built as the Southern White House and she gave it to the government. And by the way, Jimmy Carter gave it back. He said it's too expensive for the United States. So I didn't realize that.

Donald Trump: The country -- so fortunately for me, he gave it back to the foundation, and I bought it for the foundation.0

Question: [Inaudible] some republicans saying in trade for a massive bill that you and they share the interest in, they want to see big spending cuts. Do you agree with that and--

Donald Trump: --Well, I'm okay with spending cuts. I like spending cuts. Just -- I'm on the record for spending cuts, and the debt ceiling was given to us. It shouldn't have been, but it was put in our lap. And what I want in terms of debt ceiling isn't the ceiling. I just don't want to see a default. That's all I want.

Donald Trump: I never talked about spending more money necessarily than -- all I want to see is no default because nobody knows what would happen if there was a default. It could be 1929, and it could be nothing. But that was put into our lap, and it shouldn't have been, but it was. And so we'll handle it. But debt ceiling is not about raising a lot of money.

Donald Trump: It's really just about extending it. I just want to see an extension.

Question: [Inaudible] sir, on immigration, um, how much can you do by executive order, are you planning to do on executive order when it comes to immigration? And how much do you want Congress to tackle this issue? And also on day one--.

Donald Trump: --Well I had the safest border--

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: --In the history of our country by far. You remember the famous chart that I brought down. I love that chart very much for a lot of reasons. But I had the safest border by far in the history of our country. And when I took it over, it was a mess, nothing like it is now. This is ten times worse. I got elected because of the border the first time, and I think I got elected largely because of the border the third time.

Donald Trump: And the second time, I did equally well -- well, not as well as the last time, but I did very well. And I will say this was too big to rig, you know? You know the expression, too big to rig. They couldn't do it. They tried, but they couldn't do it. Uh, I didn't get very much from Congress at all. I just said that we're being invaded, and I took the money out of the military.

Donald Trump: Much of the wall -- I built 500 -- over 500 miles of wall. Much of that wall was built through money that I put into the military. We took it out because we couldn't get things from Congress in those days, and we took it out, and that wall was built largely with money coming from the military. So very simple.

Donald Trump: I went to the military, I said our country is being invaded by very similar -- nothing like what's invading our country now. They weren't releasing prisoners into our country, and they weren't releasing mental institutions in, but some -- some bad dudes were coming in, right. And I said our country is being invaded, and I took that money largely from the military.

Donald Trump: I was sued nine times by the Democrats in Congress, and I won all those suits. And we built five -- we ended up building 571 miles of wall. Once that wall was built, they start going around it. So we're going to add another 200. That would have been up in three weeks. And then we had a very unfortunate election result, and they said we don't want to put it up, we'll sell it, and they started selling it for $0.05 on the dollar.

Donald Trump: What [Inaudible].

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: So we'll do this again. I just want to thank everybody very much. I'm just telling you this will be the golden age of America. This is the golden age of America. We're going to have a great country again. We're a country right now under siege. We have so many different problems, and nobody respects us overseas, but now they do. The Italian prime minister, as you know, came here the other night, just flew in and flew out.

Donald Trump: She wanted to -- she wanted to see me, and great respect is being shown. When I went to the cathedral in France, great respect was shown by the prime minister, the president, by everybody. France was -- and by the way, I have to say they did a great job in the cathedral. But great respect is being shown to our country again.

Donald Trump: And we have a great country, but we have to run it properly. It's going to be run properly. We want to get back those hostages for Israel and for us. You know, we do have people that are hostages being held. And I'll just say it again. If this deal is not done with the people representing our nation by the time I get to office, all hell is going to break out.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.