Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-conference-nato-summit-the-hague-netherlands-june-25-2025

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much. This has been an honor. It was a fairly long trip but worth it. Tremendous things have been accomplished as you probably noticed. We listened to a lot of wonderful speeches from the heads of a lot of wonderful countries. But I want to thank you for joining us at the conclusion of a highly productive NATO summit in the Netherlands.

Donald Trump: I want to thank them for the royal treatment they've given us. It couldn't -- couldn't have been nicer. And it's a beautiful country. It's really a beautiful country. Coming in, I saw the most beautiful trees. In fact, I want to bring some back with me. [Laughter] I want to also thank -- I had -- I had breakfast this morning with the king and queen.

Donald Trump: And they're incredible people. I called -- I said you're central casting. Beautiful people. Great people. Big beautiful heart. And I enjoyed that. And also uh, NATO Secretary General Mark Rota, who's been terrific. He's been a friend of mine, used to be right here running this wonderful country. Now he's the NATO secretary general.

Donald Trump: He's doing a fantastic job. And the prime minister, we appreciate everything you've done. And as you know, last weekend, the United States successfully carried out a massive precision strike on Iran's nuclear enrichment facilities. And it was very, very successful. It was called obliteration. No other military on earth could have done it. And now this incredible exercise of American strength has paved the way for peace with a historic ceasefire agreement late Monday.

Donald Trump: And we call it the 12 Day War. I spoke to a few people. I guess that just sounded like the right -- the right name. It was a 12 day war. And we think it's over. I don't think they're going to be going back at each other. I don't think so. Not only have we dealt decisively with the critical threat of Iran's nuclear program, which was what I wanted, I said Iran cannot have a nuclear weapon.

Donald Trump: I've said that for 15 years, long before I decided to do the political thing. But we've also reasserted the credibility of American deterrence, which is like no other. The people at NATO said there's never been anything. You know, I rebuilt the entire military during my first term. And we have a great military.

Donald Trump: We have great generals. I got to know the good ones and the bad ones. We kept the good ones. Over the past two days, I was honored to participate in the NATO leaders meeting. And also had extremely good discussions with the king and the queen, secretary general and the prime minister. Great discussions, very knowledgeable people.

Donald Trump: Major focus of our conversations at the summit was the need for other NATO members to take up the burden of the defense of Europe. And that included the financial burden. As you know, it was a two percent. And we got it up to five percent. And they said -- a couple of them came up to me, one in particular said, sir, we've been trying to get it up to three percent for 20 years and we haven't been able two and you got it up to five percent.

Donald Trump: So they're going to be -- most of them, I guess almost all of them are going to be contributing now five percent a number that people are surprised at, but you need it today. The United States accounts for two thirds of all NATO defense spending. And since I began pushing for additional commitments in 2017, believe it or not, our allies have increased spending by $700 billion.

Donald Trump: I said to people you don't have any money. And a lot of them weren't paying. And so I started the process. And I picked it up as soon as I got back, which is six months ago. And following my election last November, almost all have accelerated plans to reach the two percent, three percent, four percent and then ultimately very quickly five percent.

Donald Trump: And all of this is going to be done very quickly. Almost immediately. You probably know this as well as I do. I'm sure the been talking about it. It's really been a big focus and a very historic milestone. This week, the NATO allies committed to dramatically increase their defense spending to that five percent of GDP, something that no one really thought possible.

Donald Trump: And they said you did it, sir. You did it. Well, I don't know if I did it, but I think I did. [Laughter] This will be known as The Hague Defense Commitment, which is pretty good, pretty appropriate. When the allies reached this number, it will add more than $1 trillion a year, think of that $1 trillion per year to our common defense.

Donald Trump: And this is a monument really to -- to victory, but it's a monumental win for the United States because we were carrying much more than our fair share. It was quite unfair actually. But this is a big win for Europe and for actually Western civilization. For years past, administrations failed to get most allies to contribute even the two percent.

Donald Trump: I remember when I came here, we had four countries that were up to two percent. And I remember Poland was there, a couple of them were there and but most of them were. We had 28 at the time. As you know, it's increased a little bit. And they've agreed now to more than double their budgets in all cases. And Europe stepping up to take more responsibility for its security will help prevent future disasters like the horrible situation with Russia and Ukraine.

Donald Trump: And hopefully we're going to get that solved. Last week, they lost 7,000 soldiers, mostly soldiers, but they're also getting hit in Kyiv. They're getting hit in some of the towns also. And that means life. Life is disappearing also in the cities and towns. That should have never happened, would have never happened if I was president.

Donald Trump: I said it a thousand times. And it never did happen. It was never even thought about. But it's vital that this additional money be spent on very serious military hardware, not bureaucracy. And hopefully, that hardware is going to be made in America because we have the best hardware in the world. You saw that, where 14 missiles were shot at us the other day.

Donald Trump: And uh, they were very nice. They gave us warning. They said we're going to shoot them. Is 1:00, OK? I said it's fine. And everybody was emptied off the base so they couldn't get hurt except for the gunners. They call them the gunners. And uh, out of 14 high end missiles that were shot at the base in Qatar, all 14, as you know, were shot down by our equipment.

Donald Trump: Amazing stuff. Amazing that they can do that. It's like shooting a bullet with a bullet. It's the same thing if you think about it. 14 out of 14. And they were -- they weren't even that surprised. I said, do you do that well often? They say we pretty much do, sir. The Ukraine crisis has also highlighted the urgency of rebuilding our defense industrial base both in the United States and among the allied nations.

Donald Trump: We cannot afford to be dependent on foreign adversaries for critical minerals. And as you know, we made a deal with Ukraine to take a vast amount of the land they have for minerals. We need it. And once again, I want to thank all of the people in the Netherlands, incredible people. It's a great place. And all of the NATO allies for the tremendous summit that we just had.

Donald Trump: A letter just came in and a statement came in from the Atomic Energy Commission of Israel, and I just wonder -- this is an official letter and they're very serious people, as you know. The devastating US strike on Fordow destroyed the site's critical infrastructure and rendered the enrichment facility totally inoperable.

Donald Trump: It was devastated. We assessed that the American strikes on Iran's nuclear facilities has set back Iran's ability to develop nuclear weapons for many years to come. This achievement can continue indefinitely if Iran does not get access to nuclear material, which it won't. It's so, so sad that that whole thing had to go. But I just -- I just want to thank our pilots.

Donald Trump: You know, they were maligned and treated very badly. Demeaned by fake news, CNN, which is back there, believe it or not, wasting time and wasting -- and nobody's watching them, so they're just wasting a lot of time. Wasting my time. And the New York Times, they put out a story that, well, maybe they were hit, but it wasn't bad.

Donald Trump: Well, it was so bad that they ended the war. It ended the war. Somebody said in a certain way that it was so devastating, actually, if you look at Hiroshima, if you look at Nagasaki, you know, that ended a war, too. This ended a war in a different way, but it was so devastating. Also, they have -- out of Dubai it just came that Iran's foreign ministry spokesman, this is Iran's foreign minister, says it's near -- its nuclear installations were very badly damaged by the American strike.

Donald Trump: So what bothered me about these reports with fake reports put out by the New York Times failing -- I call it the failing New York Times because it's doing terribly. Without me it would be doing no business at all, but -- and by fake news, CNN and MSDNC, all of these terrible people, you know, they have no credibility.

Donald Trump: You know, when I started they were at 94 percent credibility. The media now it's at 16 percent, and I'm very proud of it because I've exposed it for what it is. But when I -- when I saw them starting to question the -- the caliber of the attack, was it bad? Well, it was really bad. It was devastating. They obliterated.

Donald Trump: You can't get into the tunnels. They just put that over. That just came out. They can't -- there's nothing -- there's no way you can even get down. The whole thing has collapsed and a disaster. And I think all of the nuclear stuff is down there because it's very hard to remove. And we -- we did it very quickly.

Donald Trump: When they heard we were coming, it was -- you know, you can't move it. Very hard, very dangerous, actually, to move, too. And they also knew we were coming, so I don't think too many people want to be down there knowing we're coming with the bunker busters as we call them. We're the only ones that have them.

Donald Trump: We have the best equipment, best nuclear equipment, and we have the best equipment in the world. And by the way, we can't forget our submarine, which was out there. Submarines, actually. But submarine was out there. We shot 30 rockets into an area. Every single one of them, I think it was almost 400 miles away, I think, Pete, right? 400? And long.

Donald Trump: It was in the ocean long ways away and we shot -- we shot a total of 30. Every single one of them hit within nine inches from where it was supposed to be. It took out a lot because we didn't do just Fordow. We did two others in addition, which hadn't been completely destroyed. So we hit them with a submarine from hundreds of miles away.

Donald Trump: Amazing. Just amazing equipment. Greatest submarines in the world. Nobody's even close. They're 20 years behind us when it comes to submarine technology. So that's one. And the other was -- was from the Atomic Energy Commission. And they have about three or four of them now coming in from atomic energy commissions from various places.

Donald Trump: But the one that we have that just came out, we released it a little while ago, was from the Israeli Atomic Energy Commission, but numerous of them are getting to see the site and the site has been demolished. And again, we had these brave patriots, these incredible fliers, these people that can fly a plane better than anybody can fly a plane going into very hostile territory, flying into the territory that has got more missiles and things pointed at it, but it was very stealth.

Donald Trump: They didn't get to see it. It was dark. That's the amazing thing about the shots. They hit the shots perfectly and yet it was dead dark. There was no moon. There was no light. It was virtually a moonless. It was very dark and they hit -- the shots were hit perfectly. But when they get demeaned -- and they were very upset about it because they knew how strong it would be back in Missouri.

Donald Trump: The pilots flew about 36 hours, 2 ways, far distance in -- in those incredible B-2s. And we then had the F-22s and we had the F-35s and we had other planes. And we had, I think, a total of 52 tankers. That means the big -- the big tankers because the refueling was a lot for all of the different planes that we sent.

Donald Trump: Incredible operation. And I have to say General Razin Caine was incredible. That's why he beat ISIS. And we beat ISIS in a matter of weeks. I was told it would take four to five years. We did it in a few weeks and he was great. That's why he's the head of the Joint Chiefs of Staff right now because I had a very good experience with him.

Donald Trump: He knocked out ISIS in a period of literally a few weeks. Amazing. And it was supposed to take a few years, five years to be exact. So we had a great victory there and we then came here and I think we had a great victory here. But this is an ongoing project. This is the safety of Europe, the safety of the world.

Donald Trump: And they've raised it from two percent to five percent, something which nobody -- and you're talking about over $1 trillion a year. So we're talking about a lot of money from -- coming in from countries that were not paying nearly enough to be effective. So I have, as you know, Marco Rubio with me and Pete Hegseth, secretary of state and secretary of war, shall we say, secretary -- you know, it used to be called secretary of war.

Donald Trump: Maybe for a couple of weeks, we'll call it that because we feel like warriors. Used to be called secretary of war. In fact, if you look at the old building next to the White House, you can see where it used to be secretary of war. Then we became politically correct and they called it secretary of defense.

Donald Trump: I don't know, maybe we'll have to start thinking about changing it, but we feel that way. Do we have any questions, please? Wow. [Laughter] That's a lot of questions.

Question: Can I ask you a question?

Donald Trump: Who's a nice person? Oh, you're not a nice person, but I'll let you ask one. Go ahead. [Laughter] What's he going to ask. He is not nice at all. I know him well.

Question: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Question: Thank you for taking the time before flying home. You just said you believe the conflict between Israel and Iran is over. What makes you so confident it is and what do you do if it isn't?

Donald Trump: Because I dealt with both and they're both tired, exhausted. They fought very, very hard and very viciously, very violently and they were both satisfied to go home and get out. And can it start again? I guess someday it can. It could maybe start soon. I think a big telltale sign was when, as you know, Iran somewhat, by not much, violated the cease fire and Israel had the planes going out that morning and there were a lot of them. 52 of them.

Donald Trump: And I said you got to get them back and they brought them back. They didn't do anything. They brought them back. It was very good. I thought it was amazing actually. They have fought a hell of a war. They fought very hard. I think the war ended, actually, when we hit the various nuclear sites with the planes -- and I just hope you people can give these pilots -- these are the best pilots in the world.

Donald Trump: They're the best shots in the world. They call them shots. That's what they are.

Question: And can I --

Donald Trump: And -- and -- wait a minute. And I just hope you can give them the respect they deserve because they came home to fake news and like, oh, gee, there was hardly any damage. The things are decimated. So -- but I think, no, I think they're very much finished. I think Israel is going to get back to doing what they do and I think that Iran is going to get back -- you know, Iran has a huge advantage.

Donald Trump: They have great oil and they can do things. I don't see them getting back involved in the nuclear business anymore. I think they've had it. They've been at it for 20 years, and I don't see that happening either. Now if it does, we're always there. It won't be me, it will be somebody else. But we're there.

Donald Trump: We'll have to do something about it. Yes, please go ahead. Go ahead. Oh fake news, CNN. [Laughter] Oh yeah. Yeah, here we go. Wait till you hear this question. [Laughter]

Question: I think for --

Donald Trump: You should really say how great our soldiers and our warriors are.

Question: I think everyone appreciates our soldiers and our warriors. I do have two questions for you, Mr. President. You just cited Israeli intelligence on these attacks. Earlier, you said US intelligence was inconclusive. Are you relying on Israeli intelligence for your assessment of the impact of the strikes?

Donald Trump: No, no, no. This is also -- Iran made the statement and it's also, if you read the document that was given that Pete can talk about, if you'd like, the documents said it could be very severe damage, but they didn't take that. They said it could be limited or it could be very severe. They really didn't know other than to say it could be limited or it could be very, very severe.

Donald Trump: And you didn't choose to put that because it was very early after. Since then, we've collected additional intelligence. We've also spoken to people who have seen the site. And the site, the site is obliterated. And we think everything nuclear is down there. They didn't take it out. OK, question? Please, go ahead.

Unidentified: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Go ahead. Yeah, blue dress.

Question: Thank you so much, Mr. President. Yesterday, you said China can now continue to purchase oil from Iran.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Question: Are you giving up on your maximum pressure campaign? Because with sanctions right now --

Donald Trump: With who?

Question: On Iran?

Donald Trump: No. Look, they just had a war. The war was fought. They fought it bravely. I'm not giving up. They're in the oil business. I mean, I could stop it if I wanted. I could sell China the oil myself. I don't want to do that. They're going to need money to put that country back into shape. We want to see that happen.

Question: [Inaudible] sanction --

Donald Trump: We don't -- no. If they're going to sell oil, they're going to sell oil. We're not taking over the oil. We could have, you know. I used to say with Iraq, keep the oil. I could say it here too. We could have kept the oil. No. China is going to want to buy oil. They can buy it from us. They can buy it from other people.

Donald Trump: But you're going to have to put that country back into shape. It needs -- desperately needs money. Yeah?

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Yeah, please.

Question: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Here we go. I'm picking the beauties today. [Laughter] Go ahead.

Question: Mr. President, Secretary General Rutta has described President Putin as an adversary, a threat, an enemy. Do you view him the same way? And in addition to that, you mentioned General Cain, your chief of staff, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.

Donald Trump: Um-hum, General Cain.

Question: Yes. He has said that Mr. Putin has territorial ambitions beyond Ukraine. Do you view that in the same way?

Donald Trump: That's possible. I mean, it's possible. I know one thing he'd like to settle. He'd like to get out of this thing. It's a mess for him. He called the other day. He said, can I help you with Iran? I said, no, you can help me with Russia. Because you know, in the last few weeks, we took care of India and Pakistan, Kosovo, Serbia.

Donald Trump: I think on Friday we have coming in the Congo is coming in and Rwanda is coming. And that was a vicious war that went on a machete war, heads chopped off all over Africa. They're coming in. We did uh, two others in addition to that. Nobody's ever done anything like this. Uh, no. I consider him a person that's uh, I think, been misguided.

Donald Trump: I'm very surprised actually. I thought we would have had that settled easy. I've settled four of them in the meantime. But he did call up and he said uh, you know, he's close to Iran. He'd like to help us get a settlement. I said no, no, you help me get a settlement with you, with Russia. And I think we're going to be doing that too.

Donald Trump: Yeah, please.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Go ahead please.

Question: Thank you. Mr. President. You've made clear your position on what impact the strikes had. I wanted to ask you what is next with Iran. For instance, is there any indication from US intelligence that Iran was able to move any material including --

Donald Trump: No, it was just the opposite. We think we hit them so hard and so fast they didn't get to move. And if you knew about that material, it's very hard and very dangerous to move.

Question: [Inaudible] are you --

Donald Trump: It's called -- it's called -- and many people, they call it dust. But it's very, very heavy. It's very, very hard to move. And they were way down. You know, they're 30 stories down. They're literally 30, 35 stories down underground.

Question: But you think you got it all?

Donald Trump: Oh, yeah, we think we got it. Well, we think it's -- it's covered with uh, granite, concrete and steel.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Well, can I ask you, are you interested in restarting negotiations with Iran? And if so, have they reciprocated --

Donald Trump: So, our people -- Marco could answer this. But are people are not -- I'm not -- the way I look at it. They fought. The war is done. And you know, I could get a statement that they're not going to go nuclear. We're probably going to ask for that. But they're not going to be doing it, but they're not going to be doing it anyway.

Donald Trump: They've had it. They've had it. Now maybe someday in the future, we'll want that. But I've asked -- Marco, do you want to draw -- I just asked him the question as we were walking on the stage. Do you want to draw up a little agreement for them to sign? Because I think we can get them to sign it. I don't think it's necessary.

Donald Trump: Marco, do you want to talk about that please?

Marco Rubio: Well, Mr. President, I think you -- President Trump has shown a willingness to meet and talk to anybody in the world who's interested in peace. I don't know of any president that's been as willing as he has to meet with anyone and talk about peace. We'd love to have peaceful relations with any country in the world.

Marco Rubio: And so, obviously, that will depend on Iran's willingness, not just to engage in peace but to negotiate directly with the United States, not through some third country or fourth country process. But I know of no president, probably in our modern history, that's sought peace more than President Trump has.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: It sounds like the door is open, but you're in no rush. Is that right? It sounds like the door is open, but --

Donald Trump: I'll tell you what. Look, we're going to talk to them next week with Iran. We may sign an agreement. I don't know. To me, I don't think it's that necessary. I mean, they had a war. They fought. Now they're going back to their world. I don't care if I have an agreement or not. We -- the only thing would be asking for is what we were asking for before about, we were no nuclear.

Donald Trump: But we -- we destroyed the nuclear. In other words, it's destroyed. I said Iran will not have nuclear. Well, we blew it up. It's blown up to kingdom come. And so I don't feel very strongly about it. If we got a document, it wouldn't be bad. We're going to meet with them actually. We're going to meet with them.

Donald Trump: Yeah?

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Yeah, go ahead please.

Question: Mr. President, Netherlands TV. Thank you for visiting our country.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Good.

Question: As they understood --

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Question: Of course, we'd like to know how you slept last night at the house of the King.

Donald Trump: Oh, I slept beautifully. [Laughter]

Question: But probably a more serious question, I think you just had a meeting with President Zelenskyy. Did you discuss any ceasefire in this Russia Ukrainian war?

Donald Trump: No, no. I just -- I wanted to know how he's doing. He was very nice actually. You know, we had little rough times, sometimes. He was -- couldn't have been nicer. I think he'd like to see an end to this. I do. I think what I took from the meeting couldn't have been nicer actually, but I took from the meeting that he'd like to see it end.

Donald Trump: I think it's a great time to end it. I'm going to speak to Vladimir Putin and see if we can get it ended.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: But -- but look, these are brave people that are fighting these wars all over the place. You know, last week, they had, I guess close, I told you, seven -- close to 7,000 young soldiers, Russian and Ukrainian soldiers were killed 7,000 in one week. It's crazy, it's crazy. So I'll be speaking to Putin. No, I had a good meeting with Zelenskyy.

Donald Trump: And I had a lot of good meetings. We had a lot of good meetings with a lot of people, a lot of great leaders. But he's -- he's fighting a brave battle. It's a tough battle. Yeah?

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Go ahead, white dress.

Question: Thank you from Finland Ilta-Sanomat.

Donald Trump: Good.

Question: You have played golf with President Alexander Stubb. How do you see Finland as a NATO ally and partner? And how would you describe your relationship with our president?

Donald Trump: Well, he's a very good golfer, OK? [Laughter] In fact, he was on his college golf team. He went to a good college in the South, as you know, a very good college. And he was a good golfer. We had a good time. I think my relationship is great. I want to buy icebreakers. You know, you're very good at icebreakers.

Donald Trump: And I actually made them an offer. I didn't go to Congress. They'll try and impeach me for this, but there's an old -- it's not old, it's fairly new, but it's used icebreaker. And I offered him about one third of what he asked for. But we're negotiating. We need icebreakers in the US. And if we can get some inexpensively, I'd like to do that.

Donald Trump: Actually, they'll fix it up, make it good. Also we may buy some icebreakers. You know, you make -- you're the -- you're the king of icebreakers, that particular country. They make them good. They make them really good, and they know what they're doing. And so we're negotiating with them for about 15 different icebreakers.

Donald Trump: But one of them is available now. It's old. And it's old, it's like five or six years old. And we're trying to buy it. I'm trying to make a good deal. It's all I do. My whole life --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: My whole life that's all I do is make deals. Yeah, please.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Go ahead. Sir, go ahead.

Question: Yeah, a question for NewsHour Dutch TV. First of all, on -- on Article V, on your way here, you spoke about the commitment of the US to Article V saying, I'll give you my definition once we're here.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Question: What is your definition? And may the US commitment to Article V change in case some of the NATO members do not reach the threshold that was discussed today? My second question is following up on a colleague on Iran, what Intel reports do say that everything over there was obliterated?

Donald Trump: Yeah, well, there are numerous of those reports. And they're coming out fast and furious. But the most respected ones we've already seen. And I will say that on a very confidential basis, they're looking at the reports, uh, like numerous reports and including people going to the site and checking the site.

Donald Trump: And they're going to be having, I guess you're going to be having over the next couple of days a full -- you're going to encapsulate it. But no, the site was obliterated just like I said it was. And just like the pilots should be given credit for. As far as Article V, look, when I came here, uh, I came here because it was something I'm supposed to be doing, but I left here a little bit different -- differently.

Donald Trump: I said -- I watched the heads of these countries get up and the love and the passion that they showed for their country was unbelievable. I've never seen quite -- anything like it. The -- they want to protect their country and they need the United States. And without the United States, it's not going to be the same.

Donald Trump: And you can ask Mark or you can ask any of the people that were there. It was really moving to see it. They love their country. They were so respectful of me because I'm the head of the United States and I made -- you know, the King of Saudi Arabia when I was in -- I was in the Middle East, so I was in Qatar for a different reason, not a reason to get shot at. We were in there for economic development reasons, Qatar, UAE, and Saudi Arabia, all three leaders of those countries -- and we took back $5.1 trillion into the United States.

Donald Trump: All three leaders said, you know, you're presiding over the hottest country in the world. The United States right now is the hottest -- everybody wants to be there. Everybody -- everybody wants a piece of it. He said a year ago, your country was dead. You had a dead head running it. You had a country that was dead, and it was dead.

Donald Trump: You had people pouring through the borders, you had inflation, you had everything. He said you've made it in five months, at that time, you've made it the hottest country -- this is the hottest country in the world. The United States right now is the hottest country in the world. And when I was around that table, it was a nice group of people, many of whom I knew from previous -- when I saw the passion they had for the country, almost everyone, and you probably have the tapes, it was very public, but almost every one of them said, "Thank God for the United States.

Donald Trump: Without the United States, we couldn't" -- they couldn't really have NATO. It wouldn't work. It wouldn't work. It will in the future because now they're paying much more money, but it wouldn't work. It was great. And I left here differently. I left here saying that these people really love their countries.

Donald Trump: It's not a rip off and we're here to help them protect their country.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: OK, we'll do one or two more.

Question: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Question: A question on Spain. Are you satisfied with today's --

Donald Trump: Oh, I think Spain's terrible what they've done. [Laughter] No, I do. They -- they're the only country that won't pay the full up. They want to stay at two percent. I think it's terrible. And you know, they're doing very well. The economy is very well and that economy could be blown right out of the water with something bad happening.

Donald Trump: You know, Spain is the only country that -- are you from Spain?

Question: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Good congratulations. [Laughter] You're the only country that is not paying. I don't know what the problem is. It's -- I think it's too bad. So we'll make it up. You know what we're going to do? We're negotiating with Spain on a trade deal. We're going to make them pay twice as much. And I'm actually serious about that.

Donald Trump: We're going to make Spain -- I like Spain. I have so many people from Spain that -- it's a great place and they're great people. But Spain is -- is the only country out of all of the countries that refuses to pay. And you know, so they want a little bit of a free ride, but they'll have to pay it back to us on trade because I'm not going to let that happen.

Donald Trump: It's unfair -- it's unfair to NATO. All right, sir. Please go ahead. Right in the back. Yeah, you. Tall one. The tall man.

Question: Mr. President, Johannes Perterer from Austrian National Television.

Donald Trump: How are you?

Question: You once said that you would end the Ukraine war in 24 hours. You later said you said that sarcastically.

Donald Trump: Of course, it was sarcastic.

Question: But you've now been in office for five months and five days. Why have you not been able to end the Ukraine war?

Donald Trump: Because it's more difficult than people would have any idea. Vladimir Putin has been more difficult. Frankly, I had some problems with Zelenskyy. You may have read about them. And it's been more difficult than other wars. I mean, look, we just ended a war in 12 days that was simmering for 30 years, frankly.

Donald Trump: We ended Rwanda and the Congo. It's coming to sign the documents. We've already signed basic documents, but they're coming, I think, to the White House on Friday. We ended -- Serbia was going to go at it, but maybe the most important of all India and Pakistan. And that wasn't whether or not they may someday have nukes like we're talking about in the Middle East like we're talking about with Israel and Iran.

Donald Trump: This is -- they have nuclear weapons. I ended that with a series of phone calls on trade. I said, look, if you're going to go fighting each other, it's going to -- it was getting very bad. You know how bad that last attack was. It was really bad. If you're going to go fighting each other, we're not doing any trade deal.

Donald Trump: No, no, no, you have to do a trade deal. I said we're not doing any trade deal and, in fact, I had the general who really was very impressive. The general from Pakistan was in my office last week. You know, Prime Minister Modi is a great friend of mine. He's a great gentleman. He's a great man, and I got them to reason.

Donald Trump: I said we're not doing a trade deal if you're going to fight and if you're going to fight each other, we're not doing a trade deal and you know what? They said, no, I want to do the trade deal. We stopped a nuclear war. Go ahead.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Go ahead, Jeff. Here's another beauty. Jeff. He's a beauty. All right, go ahead.

Question: Mr. President, a follow up on Ukraine, will the United States contribute any more money to Ukraine's defense this year, to the $5 billion that allies are giving? And one question, you had another meeting with the Dutch opposition leader Mr. Wilders. Can you tell us about that meeting? And are you upset about his anti-Muslim stance?

Donald Trump: I'm not upset about it. It's just his view. He's unhappy with the way things are going in this country in various countries. He was an opposition leader and I was asked to meet with the opposition leader by the people that are running. I think they have some deal where if you have a meeting, you're supposed to meet with an opposition leader.

Donald Trump: I said that's strange. That's -- we don't do that, but I met with the -- I didn't know him. He seemed like a very nice guy, but he's in opposition to the current people and that was set up by the current people. So I assume when I met with the Prime Minister, you're supposed to meet with the opposition, we'll have to try that sometime in our country.

Donald Trump: Let's not do it.

Question: Mr. President -- Mr. President --

Donald Trump: But he was -- he was -- I thought he was very good. As far as money going, we'll see what happens. There's a lot of spirit. Look, Vladimir Putin really has to end that war. People are dying at levels that people haven't seen before for a long time, go ahead. Go ahead.

Question: On sanctions --

Donald Trump: White shirt. Oh, she's all excited. [Laughter]

Question: So BBC news, Ukrainian --

Donald Trump: Where are you from?

Question: I'm from Ukraine.

Donald Trump: Oh.

Question: So my question to you is whether or not the US is ready to sell anti-air missile systems Patriots to Ukraine. We know that Russia has been pounding Ukraine really heavily right now and --

Donald Trump: Are you living yourself now in Ukraine?

Question: My husband is there and --

Donald Trump: I can see you're very -- you know, it's amazing.

Question: And me with the kids, I'm in Warsaw actually because he wanted me to be --

Donald Trump: Is your husband a soldier? No?

Question: He's --

Donald Trump: He's there now?

Question: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Wow, that's rough stuff, right? That's tough. And you're living here?

Question: In Warsaw?

Donald Trump: And you're a reporter?

Question: I am.

Donald Trump: Good. So let me just tell you, they do want to have the anti-missile missiles, as they call them, the Patriots and we're going to see if we can make some available. You know, they're very hard to get. We need them, too. We were supplying them to Israel and they're very effective. 100 percent effective. Hard to believe how effective.

Donald Trump: And they do want that more than any other thing, as you probably know. That's a very good question and I wish you a lot of luck. I mean, I can see it's very upsetting to you. So --

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Say hello to your husband, OK? Thank you.

Question: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: Go ahead. Thank you.

Question: Thank you, Mr. President. You were criticizing --

Donald Trump: Where are you from?

Question: Bloomberg News.

Donald Trump: Oh, Bloomberg. That's wonderful.

Question: You were wonderful -- you were criticizing the Federal Reserve chair before coming to this summit.

Donald Trump: I think he's terrible.

Question: I was wondering if you've begun interviewing different candidates for the Fed pick.

Donald Trump: Yeah, I know within three or four people who are going to pick. I mean, he goes out pretty soon, fortunately, because I think he's terrible. We have no inflation. We have a tremendous economy. Hundreds of billions of dollars of tariff money is pouring in. Factories are being built because they don't want to pay the tariffs, so they're building them all over the country.

Donald Trump: I think we're close to Us to $15 trillion. I told you $5.1 trillion from the Middle East alone. But of investment money coming in, there's never been anything like that in the history of our country. But we have no inflation and we have borrowing because Biden, stupidly, they did short term debt. So we have borrowing coming up and, you know, we'll go 10 years maybe longer, maybe shorter, but we'll go a long period of time when we do the debt.

Donald Trump: And because of him, because of this guy, we will have to pay for years. We'll be paying for him. And I said to him, listen, there's no inflation he says, but maybe there'll be some. That's true. I said if there is some, what you do is raise the rate. I'm OK with that. You raise the rate in two years from now or a year from now, but because the rate is high, we have to pay more for debt.

Donald Trump: It's pretty equal. In other words, if it's four percent, it's four percent. If you drop at a point you'll pay three percent. So it's fairly equal. Not necessarily, but fairly equal. So we're going to end up paying maybe two points or three points more. Three points would be about $900 billion a year because of this very average mentally person, he's an average mentally person, I'd say low in terms of what he does, low, low IQ for what he does, OK?

Question: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: Wait. So instead -- instead of paying $900 billion -- we don't want to pay 900 just because he doesn't want to lower the rate. I said if there's inflation in two years or three years or one year from now, you raise the rate and you take care of the inflation among other things. But he's probably a very political guy, I guess.

Donald Trump: I don't know. I think he's a very stupid person, actually. All right, one more. Let's go. How about you? Go ahead. She looks so happy and everything.

Question: Thank you.

Donald Trump: That's why I picked her.

Question: I'm from Spain, too. I'm Anna Buj from La Vanguardia. I wanted to know if --

Donald Trump: You're where from?

Question: Spain. I wanted to know if you want to --

Donald Trump: That's the Spain corner right there. [Laughter] Shouldn't have said that. That's OK. I do like Spain, by the way. I think it's unfair that they're not paying, but go ahead.

Question: Are you going to negotiate directly with Spain about --

Donald Trump: I'm going to negotiate directly with Spain. I'm going to do it myself. [Laughter] They're going to pay, they'll pay more money this way. You should tell them to go back and pay. You're a reporter? You tell them to go back. They ought to join all of those countries that are paying five percent. Spain's going to be just about the only one that's not.

Donald Trump: They were the most hostile toward -- toward doing it. It just doesn't make sense to me.

Question: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: OK, all right. Kelly, go ahead. Here we go. Here's another one.

Question: Hello, sir.

Donald Trump: We got them all today.

Question: OK, so Mr. President, you talked about expecting some on the ground assessments at Fordow and other sites. Is that Israeli --

Donald Trump: Oh, here -- again --

Question: And US --

Donald Trump: It's been obliterated, Kelly. It's been -- it's been obliterated --

Question: What is your message then, sir, to the intelligence community when they present reports -- you're not disputing the DIA report, you're just --

Donald Trump: They presented a report that wasn't finished. We're talking about something that took place three days ago.

Question: I understand it was an initial assessment --

Donald Trump: The report was done a few days ago --

Question: So what's your --

Donald Trump: Wait a minute.

Question: Yes.

Donald Trump: They didn't see it. All they can do is take a guess. Now if you take a look at the pictures, if you take a look how it's all blackened, you know the fire and brimstone is all underground because it's granite and it's all underground, you don't show it. But even there with all of that being said, the whole area for 75 yards around the hole where it hit is black with fire.

Donald Trump: The group that's run by this gentleman, in fact, he may want to talk about it for a second because we're going to issue a report, and I think it's not even a very exciting report at this point. It's been obliterated. Totally obliterated. And they did a report, but it was like, if you look at the dates, it's just a few days after it happened.

Question: Understood, sir.

Donald Trump: So they didn't see it. They said it may be very severe.

Question: Understood. Do you have a message for the intelligence community, though, in terms of unvarnished information getting to you that it's not --

Donald Trump: I don't really have a message. I would say issue the report when you know what happened. I wouldn't say that it could be severe or maybe not. They used the word severe. It could be severe or maybe it's not. So people like you picked up and said, oh, it's not severe.

Question: We're just --

Donald Trump: No, the report was not a complete report. Yeah, the message was probably wait until you know the answer before you -- go ahead --

Question: And sir, did you not have a public component to your Zelenskyy meeting for a tactical reason with President Putin?

Donald Trump: Let him answer this.

Question: Hello, Mr. Secretary.

Pete Hegseth: Yeah. There's a reason the president calls out fake news for what it is. These pilots, these refuelers, these fighters, these air defenders, the skill and the courage it took to go into enemy territory, flying 36 hours on behalf of the American people in the world to take out a nuclear program is beyond what anyone in this audience can fathom.

Pete Hegseth: And then the instinct, the instinct of CNN, the instinct of the New York Times is to try to find a way to spin it for their own political reasons to try to hurt President Trump or our country. They don't care what the troops think. They don't care what the world thinks. They want to spin it to try to make him look bad based on a leak.

Pete Hegseth: Of course, we've all seen plenty of leakers. And what do leakers do? They have agendas. And what do they do? Do they share the whole information or just the part that they want to introduce? And when they introduce that preliminary -- a preliminary report that's deemed to be low -- a low assessment -- do you know what a low assessment means?

Pete Hegseth: Low confidence in the data in that report. And why is there low confidence? Because all of the evidence of what was just bombed by twelve 30,000 pound bombs is buried under a mountain devastated and obliterated. So if you want to make an assessment of what happened at Fordow, you better get a big shovel and go really deep because Iran's nuclear program is obliterated.

Pete Hegseth: And somebody somewhere is trying to leak something to say, oh, with low confidence, we think maybe it's moderate. Those that drop the bombs precisely in the right place know exactly what happened when that exploded. And you know who else knows? Iran. That's why they came to the table right away because their nuclear capabilities have been set back -- back beyond what they thought were possible because of the courage of a commander in chief who led our troops, despite what the fake news wants to say.

Question: But you're not disputing the report said what it said even though it was initial.

Donald Trump: The report said what it said and it was fine. It was severe, they think, but they had no idea. They shouldn't have issued a report until they did. But we've gotten the information. I think Pete said it better than you can say it. And you know, you should be proud, you, especially you should be proud of those pilots and you shouldn't be trying to demean them.

Question: No, there's --

Donald Trump: Those pilots flew --

Question: Asking you about assessment and --

Donald Trump: At great risk, a big chance that they'd never come back home and see their husbands or their wives --

Question: No one is questioning the skill --

Donald Trump: Let me just tell you you and NBC, fake news, which is one of the worst, and CNN, New York Times are all bad. They're sick. There's something wrong with them. But you know what? You should be praising those people instead of trying to find some -- by getting me, by trying to go and get me, you're hurting those people.

Donald Trump: They were devastated. You know, I got a call from Missouri, great state that I won three times by a lot, and I got a call that the pilots and the people on the plane were devastated because they were trying to minimize the attack. And they all said it was hit, but, oh, but we don't think it was really maybe hit that badly and they were devastated.

Donald Trump: They -- they put their lives on the line and then they have -- and I'm not referring to you, but real scum, real scum come out and write reports that are as negative as they could possibly be. It should be the opposite. You should make them heroes and heroines. You should make them really people that -- they were so devastated when they heard this news.

Donald Trump: And you know what they said? One of them -- I spoke to one of them, said, "Sir, we hit the site. It was perfect. It was dead on." Because they don't understand fake news because they have a normal life except they have to fly very big, very fast planes. But it's a shame you should be making them heroes. All right, in the back.

Question: Mr. President, please.

Donald Trump: Go ahead. Back, white. Yeah. White jacket. Yeah.

Question: Excuse me.

Donald Trump: Go ahead. Give him a mic. Hello.

Question: Deborah Haynes from Sky News. Mark Rutter, the NATO chief who is -- is your friend, he called you daddy earlier. [Laughter] Do you regard your NATO allies as kind of children?

Donald Trump: No, he likes me. I think he likes me. [Laughter] If he doesn't, I'll let you know. I'll come back and I'll hit him hard, OK? No --

Question: Do you -- do you find --

Donald Trump: He did -- he did it very affectionately. Daddy -- you're my daddy.

Question: Do you regard your NATO allies though, as kind of like children, and they're obviously listening to you and they're spending more and you're -- you're obviously appreciative of that. But do you hope that actually they're going to be able to defend themselves, defend Europe on their own without the United States?

Donald Trump: Well, I think they need help a little bit at the beginning and I think they'll be able to --

Question: But they could be --

Donald Trump: And I think they're going to remember this day and this is a big day for NATO. You know, this was a very big day. They took it -- one of the gentlemen said, you know what, we've been trying to raise money for -- raise the rate for 30 years, he said. 20 years. From almost the beginning. And he's been there for a long time.

Donald Trump: He said until you came along, it never happened. What you did is amazing. It's been sort of an amazing day --

Question: But do you think --

Donald Trump: For a lot of reasons, but also for that. Yeah, go ahead.

Question: Do you think they can do it without you, though, in the future? Can they do it without the United States?

Donald Trump: Well, ask Mark. I mean, you have to ask, Mark, OK?

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: So we're heading back. We're heading back. I want to thank these two gentlemen behind me. They're incredible people. Both of them. They're really -- they've done a fantastic job and Susie's in the front and she's done great. And Monica, thank you very much. It was quite an exciting time and we're going to be heading back.

Donald Trump: We'll be back soon and we'll -- we'll see you in Washington, DC. Remember this, we have the hottest country anywhere in the world. Thank you very much everybody.

Question: Mr. President, please [Inaudible] Mr. President -- Do you trust American intelligence?