Hi, I'm Meena. Ella Emhoff: I'm Ella. Helen Hudson: And I'm Helena. Meena

I grew up in Oakland, California in a house full of extraordinary women, my mom, my grandma and my auntie who showed me the meaning of service helping her sister a 17 year old single mom fighting for justice for the American people and still cooking Sunday family dinner. She guided me now, she's guiding my own children, and I know she'll guide our country forward. Ella Emhoff: Kamala came into my life when I was 14 famously a very easy time for a teenager like a lot of young people. I didn't always understand what I was feeling, but no matter what Kamala was there for me, she was patient caring and always took me seriously. She's never stopped listening to me and she's not going to stop listening to all of us. Kamala Harris is my godmother. Ella Emhoff: To me, her advice means everything, whether it's pursuing my passions, making an impact or finding hope when the world doesn't feel so. Hopeful, she taught me that making a difference means giving your whole heart and taking action. Ella Emhoff: She's fighting for economic opportunity LGBTQ+ Equality and reproductive freedom because we are not going back, she's fighting for social. Ella Emhoff: Justice health, justice, environmental, justice and she isn't alone. We're all in this fight together. So let's keep up the fight. Let's keep up the joy and let's elect this extraordinary woman as our next. President, thank you. I'm sorry. Thank you. Unidentified: Please welcome actor and comedian D.L Hughley. D.L. Hughley: Hey, now, hey, Chicago, how y'all doing? What's happening California? Now wait, wait where those acres at Where they at, You know what In three months it ain't gonna be no living with y'all. I can tell. I can tell you this, I don't blame Donald Trump for not wanting to debate Kamala. I've been married to a black woman for 40 years and I ain't won one debate. I'm owing 93,000 Now. Of course, Trump is saying that Kamala isn't black. D.L. Hughley: I guarantee you this Kamala has been black a lot longer than Trump's been a Republican and if he keeps sliding in the polls the way he is, the only thing, the only way he can keep Kamala out of the white House is if he buys it and Refuses to rent it to her. Of course Kamala is getting broad support. They got black men for Kamala white men for Kamala, Latinos and Asians for Kamala. D.L. Hughley: They even have Republicans for Kamala republicans will come, I guess Donald Trump will finally know what it's like when you get left for a younger woman. But seriously Kamala knows the truth about the American dream. That hard work is not alone enough. Hard work alone is not enough to succeed that you need access and information and opportunity. D.L. Hughley: And she knows that some folks are often denied those very things as President. She will give each and every one of us a fair shot in life. But I -- but I have to admit, I didn't always believe that. I mean if you told me the 15 year old me would be on stage supporting a prosecutor and a teacher, there is no way that I would have believed you. D.L. Hughley: But because of that, I made assumptions about Kamala's record and I often repeated them to a lot of people. Then one day Kamala invited me to her house. She put her hand on my shoulder and she asked me to do some research, something I had never done something. A lot of people I know had never done before. D.L. Hughley: Imagine attacking someone's character without a single Google search um, So I did what I should have done in the first place. I learned that she had done for us exactly what she promised to. I believe that your apology should be as loud as your accusation and I'm here apologizing in front of the whole damn world. D.L. Hughley: I am -- I was wrong. I was wrong and I'm so very glad I was wrong because Kamala you give me hope for the future. A future where my grandchildren, Nolan and Stevie have the freedom to control their own bodies where they have the opportunity to go as far as their wits. And their talents will take them that future. Ladies and gentlemen is possible, but only if we elect Kamala Harris as the 47th President of the United States of America. D.L. Hughley: I will say this to you, the best piece of advice I've ever gotten in my entire life is you don't have to know what you will do, just know what you want and we won't go back. Kerry Washington: The energy in this room is electric and you can feel it everywhere all over the country in the coming weeks. I want us to find ways to maintain this energy and this joy and this commitment because there will be days when the work ahead seems impossible. And when that happens, I know what I do, I get involved, I get engaged, I ask myself how can I be of service to my community. Kerry Washington: Because community is why this is why we do this, am I right? Yes, we do this for our children, for our parents, for our teachers and care workers who treat our loved ones like their own. We do this for working families who make this country thrive. Kerry Washington: We do this for the planet and for each other we do this for justice and for peace and for democracy. And as we are about to hear, we do this for the safety of our communities. Unidentified: Please welcome Genesee County Michigan Sheriff. Chris Swanson. Chris Swanson: My job is to protect people, all people in 2020, righteous anger spilled over into the streets of Flint, Michigan, one bad decision from either side and there would have been bloodshed, but that didn't happen. We laid down our riot gear and we embraced the community. And instead of hate, we chose hope on January 6th, the opposite occurred. Chris Swanson: That day was paved with division deceit and denigration police officers were attacked that day. It could have been stopped. We need a leader who will embody what's affixed to all three sides of my sheriff patrol cars protect serve and unify Kamala. Harris is that leader as a prosecutor Kamala Harris protected us by putting violent criminals and sex offenders behind bars. Chris Swanson: If I was in a courtroom, she's exactly the tough prosecutor that I'd want to see as Vice President. She served America by keeping us safer and I can testify firsthand where I come from. Crime is down and police funding is up as President Kamala Harris will unify our country. She will bring us together because our country needs a leader who will go toe to toe with drug cartels and bullies. Chris Swanson: One who has already taken the oath, Raised her right hand to advocate for the people. I can tell you in 2020 we were able to turn a protest into a peaceful movement by walking together one city, one community and one country America. Let's walk -- let's walk -- let's walk together and let's elect Kamala Harris and turn hate. Chris Swanson: Into hope yet again, thank you. Thank you. Note: Unidentified: We were contemplating adopting and then out of nowhere I got pregnant, jordan was so much fun as a child. When all of a sudden, oh my God. Somebody's shooting through those rounds he aimed at Jordan. Jordan didn't deserve to die that way. The reports of an active shooter at a high school. These students have now lived through so many of these shootings since they were born almost. Unidentified: We were praying and crying. I don't know how we're alive. An active shooter at an elementary school in Uvalde, Texas, multiple children have been killed. Most of the bodies, so mutilated that only DNA tests or green converse could identify them. Trump did nothing on guns and was proud of it. There was great pressure on me. We did nothing. Unidentified: After a mass shooting in Iowa Trump said. I have to get over it. You never get over it Kamala Harris and Joe Biden refuse to get over it as district attorney. She got illegal guns off the street as attorney general. She took on transnational crime rings and stopped gun trafficking as Vice President. She helped pass the most sweeping gun violence legislation in three decades, keeping guns out of the hands of criminals, expanding background checks, closing loopholes. Unidentified: Will finally pass red flag laws, universal background checks and an assault weapons ban. Kamala understands the fight we're in. The power is with the people. And gives people like me survivors like me, hope when I worked for Everytown for Gun Safety, Georgia Representative, Lucy McBath. When I worked for Everytown for Gun Safety and Moms, Demand Action for Gun Sense in America, I saw firsthand the power of telling our stories you've just heard mine, but there are many more to tell. Unidentified: On December 14th, 2012, I walked into Sandy Hook School. I stopped at the office, chatted with my principal, then started my day with my second graders, suddenly a loud crash like metal folding chairs, falling 154, Gunshots, blaring hiding in the coats trying to sing with my students. Trying to read to them. Unidentified: Trying to drown out the -- sounds terror crying running, I carry that horrific day with me, 20 beautiful first grade children and six of my beautiful colleagues were killed. They should still be here. It's 10:30 a.m... At Robb elementary in Uvalde, the school is recognizing my ten year old daughter, Lexi. Unidentified: For receiving all A's. She receives a Good Citizen award and we pose for photos. She wears a Saint Mary's sweatshirt and a smile that lights up the room 30 minutes later. A gunman murders her 18 classmates and two teachers. We are taken to a private room where police tell us she isn't coming home uvalde is national news, parents everywhere reach for their children. I reach out for the daughter, I will never hold again. Note: