Well, good afternoon, everybody. I'm thrilled to be here of course with our Secretary of Transportation designee, Mr. Duffy and his beautiful family, all nine kids. I joke that these guys are doing their best to solve the fertility crisis in the United States of America and, uh, just just just a beautiful family.

And it's really a testament and a credit to our great country that such a family is willing to serve first of course in Congress and now the secretary of transportation. I think that I'm not being too mean to our predecessors in saying that we spent a lot of money in the last administration but didn't get a lot out of it, and I think we're going to have a secretary of transportation here who is a much better steward of taxpayer dollars but also makes sure those taxpayer dollars are spent wisely and actually go to the places that the administration needs them to go. So, we're thrilled that you're willing to serve.

Of course, thrilled by the president's nominating you and grateful to our Senate colleagues, especially Senator Blackburn, Senator Sullivan here for making it possible for you not to just be the nominee but now the secretary of transportation. But first before that, you've got to -- you've got to take this oath of office.

So, let's go ahead and do that. If you would, put your hand on the Bible and raise your right hand. I, Sean Duffy.

Do solemnly swear.

That I will support and defend.

The Constitution of the United States.

Against all enemies, foreign and domestic.

That I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same.

That I take this obligation freely.

Without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion.

And that I will well and faithfully discharge.

The duties of the office on which I am about to enter.

So help you God.

Congratulations, Mr. Secretary.

She's so cute. All right, guys. Um, I think we'll take some photos.

Here we go. All right.

That's right.

Marsha, were you talking to me or talking to her?  Now, to make this fully official, we've got to sign this. So, let's take this and thank you all for being here. God bless you.

Take care, guys.