Yes, sir. Yeah. So thank you, sir, for your leadership and for your help. We really couldn't have done this without the president actually ushering this deal over the finish line. There was some resistance on the Chinese side. But the fundamental thing that we wanted to accomplish is that we wanted to keep TikTok operating, but we also wanted to make sure that we protected Americans' data privacy as required by law, both because it's the right thing to do, but also because it's a legal requirement of the law that was passed last year by Congress.

So we think that we were able to do that. Of course, we're going to keep on working at it. But this deal really does mean that Americans can use TikTok, but actually use it with more confidence than they had in the past because their data is going to be secure and it's not going to be used as a propaganda weapon against our fellow citizens.

We're very excited about it. We appreciate the cooperation of everybody involved and it's a big day.

Sure. Sure. Well, first of all, I would say all credit goes to Secretary of the Treasury. Couldn't get done without Scott. Also couldn't have gotten it done without Sean Cooksey on my team, so thanks to them. The company will be valued at around $14 billion. We actually think this is a good deal for investors, but ultimately, the investors are going to make the determination about what they want to invest in and what they think is a proper value.

The most important thing is that it does protect Americans, data security, it ensures TikTok is still accessible. And on this question of the algorithm, which we've heard this a lot, what this deal ensures is that the American entity and the American investors will actually control the algorithm. We don't want this used as a propaganda tool by any foreign government.

We want to make sure that our people and our investors actually make these decisions based on what's good for their business as opposed to what's good for another government's propaganda arm. So that's what we've done with this deal. I think it's very good for the American people. And as the president said, young, people love this.

We actually want everybody to access this, whether they're there or not. We just want it to be fair. We want it to be fair to everybody and we think that's what's going to happen with this new arrangement.

The US company will have control over how the algorithm pushes content to users and that was a very important part of it. We thought it was necessary for the national security element of the law. We also just think it's important to protect American users. Again, we want users to use this platform the way they want to. We want the business to make decisions about content based on the interests of the business and based on the interest of the users and that's what we think will happen with this new arrangement.

Well, it's a blue chip group of investors and we'll be announcing more about who exacting is involved in the deal in the days to come.

That's right, sir.

On that point, Mr. President, as the president said, Oracle has actually had a role in housing the data for a long time, even when the entity was controlled by the ByteDance organization in China. So Oracle had a pretty interesting perspective on what was necessary to actually create true data privacy protections for Americans.

They were a very important part of getting this thing done.

It's not particularly unusual that generals who report to the Secretary of War and then to the president United States are coming to speak with the Secretary of War. It's actually not unusual at all. And I think it's odd that you guys have made it into such a big story.

I don't think it is, sir.

Thank you, sir.

Can I just -- can I just illustrate this? So I was talking with Kash and Stephen about this a couple of days ago, sir. So I believe it was an organ where you had a federal building where there were men in black ski masks who were committing acts of violence, who were shutting down a government building. To the President's point, they don't come from nowhere.

These are paid people. This is organized. They're committing acts of political terrorism on American soil and it's time we had a government that looked out for the American people rather than the people who are committing violence against the American people.

Crazy.

That's right.