Well, good morning, everybody. I am so happy to be here today and so thrilled to be able to swear in our new secretary of defense, and we are honored to have him. Now, before we do that, I have to say a few words of appreciation. First, of course, to the president of the United States for nominating a person who is respected and adored by the warfighters.

This is a secretary of defense who will stand up for the men and women that we send overseas to fight our nation's wars. I think a lot of them feel that they haven't had somebody who's had their back. That will change because the president of the United States nominated this guy, and we are grateful to President Trump for doing so. I -- I also want to say thank you to my Senate colleagues.

It turns out we couldn't spare one, and all of you did an incredible job, in particular my -- my dear friend Roger Wicker. Thank you for shepherding Pete through the committee. Roger did a great job. And in addition, all of the members of the Senate Armed Services Committee who I know gave the -- gave Pete the vetting and the hearing that he deserved.

And I'm glad that we all ultimately decided that the president's nominee for secretary of defense ought to be our secretary of defense, and we're here today. I'm going to say one final thing. If you look at what has separated President Trump from so many of the people who came before him, it is the view that, number one, we should be sparing in how we deplore -- in how we deploy our most precious resource, which is the men and women who are willing to put on the uniform and put their life on the line for this country.

We shouldn't send them everywhere. But, two, when we do send them anywhere, we ought to empower them with the tools necessary to fight and win quickly and come home afterwards. And that is what sets this administration apart, and that's what Pete Hegseth represents. Now finally, I of course have to thank the nominee himself.

Pete, thank you for willing to -- being willing to put yourself out there. I think you've shown yourself a man of deep character and of resolve over the last few months. Jennifer, thank you for standing by our new secretary of defense and your beautiful family from your kids to the extended family. You guys did a hell of a job.

We're proud of you, and we're glad to have you in Washington as we work to make America great again. So, with that, let me administer the oath of office. Kids, come on up.

All right. Put your hand on the Bible. Raise your right hand and repeat after me. I, Pete Hegseth.

Do solemnly swear.

That I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States.

Against all enemies, foreign and domestic.

That I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same.

That I take this obligation freely.

Without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion.

And that I will well and faithfully discharge.

The duties of the office on which I am about to enter.

So help you God.

Congratulations, Mr. Secretary. Congratulations. Mr. Secretary, say a few words.

Never.

All right. I guess that's it. Any questions?

Guys, let me answer that for the new secretary. All people in our armed services should trust him because he looks out for them, and he's going to fight for them, and he's going to make sure that we have the kind of military that we can all be proud in, that we can all be proud of, and that, again, when we send it to do a job, we do it well, we do it quickly, and then we get the hell out.

And that's what Secretary Hegseth's going to bring to the Department of Defense. Anything else?

You know, as I learned with the Buckeyes just a week ago --  When you win the championship, you don't give a damn what the score was. We won the championship on this one. We've got a great secretary of defense. We're proud of him, and he's going to do a great job. Thank you, all. Take care.