Well, let me say to the thousands of Americans who traveled from distant towns and across state lines to be here today, this is your national capital. Welcome to Washington D.C. We are thrilled to have you. This evening, as we celebrate the 250th anniversary of the United States Army, the oldest branch of the greatest fighting force ever known to man, I want to say to all the soldiers all across our nation's capital and all across the world, happy Birthday soldiers.

We're proud of you and I wanna say you represent an unbroken line of greatness of excellence. And one of the things the President of the United States has told his entire administration from the Vice President, ol- on down, is that we must remember that the young men and women who put on the uniform and serve this nation are our most precious resource.

We must honor them. We must respect them. We must fight for them. And that's exactly what the Trump administration aims to do every single day. And so to our soldiers, we're so proud of you. And let me tell you that the way that we honor and respect you is number one, we never ask you to go to war unless you absolutely have to. And number two, when we do ask you to go to war, we give you the weapons and the support needed to kick the hell outta the enemy and come back home safely.

Now I know I am the last thing standing between the main event and that is a dangerous place to be with a lot of soldiers in the audience. So let me just say a couple of quick additional thoughts. First of all, June the 14th is of course the birthday of the Army. It is of course the birthday of the President of the United States.

And happy birthday Mr. president. But I would get in trouble if I didn't mention that it's also my wedding anniversary. And so do my lovely wife, I love you honey. Happy anniversary and thank you for everything that you do for our country. So without further ado, it is my pleasure to introduce the 45th and 47th commander-in-chief of the United States Military, President Donald J. Trump.