So, Margaret, I want to answer the question. First of all, thanks, Governor, thanks to CBS for hosting the debate. And thanks most importantly to the American people who are watching this evening and caring enough about this country to pay attention to this vice presidential debate. I want to answer the question, but I want to actually give an introduction to myself a little bit because I recognize a lot of Americans don't know who either one of us are.

I was raised in a working-class family. My mother required food assistance for periods of her life. My grandmother required Social Security help to raise me. And she raised me in part because my own mother struggled with addiction for a big chunk of my early life. I went to college on the GI Bill after I enlisted in the Marine Corps and served in Iraq.

And so, I stand here asking to be your vice president with extraordinary gratitude for this country, for the American dream that made it possible for me to live my dreams. And most importantly, I know that a lot of you are worried about the chaos in the world and the feeling that the American dream is unattainable.

I want to try to convince you tonight over the next 90 minutes that if we get better leadership in the White House, if we get Donald Trump back in the White House, the American dream is going to be attainable once again. Now, to answer this particular question, we have to remember that as much as Governor Walz just accused Donald Trump of being an agent of chaos, Donald Trump actually delivered stability in the world.

And he did it by establishing effective deterrence. People were afraid of stepping out of line. Iran, which launched this attack, has received over $100 billion in unfrozen assets, thanks to the Kamala Harris administration. What did they use that money for? They used it to buy weapons that they're now launching against our allies and, God forbid, potentially, launching against the United States as well.

Donald Trump recognized that for people to -- to fear the United States, you needed peace through strength. They need to recognize that if they got out of line, the United States global leadership would put stability and peace back in the world. Now, you asked about a preemptive strike, Margaret, and I want to answer the question.

Look, it is up to Israel what they think they need to do to keep their country safe. And we should support our allies wherever they are when they're fighting the bad guys. I think that's the right approach to take with the Israel question.

Well, first of all, Margaret, diplomacy is not a dirty word, but I think that's something that Governor Walz just said is quite extraordinary. You, yourself, just said, Iran is as close to a nuclear weapon today as they have ever been. And, Governor Walz, you blame Donald Trump. Who has been the vice president for the last three-and-a-half years?

And the answer is your running mate, not mine. Donald Trump consistently made the world more secure. Now, we talk about what -- the sequence of events that led us to where we are right now, and you can't ignore October the 7th, which I appreciate Governor Walz bringing up. But when did Iran and Hamas and their proxies attack Israel?

It was during the administration of Kamala Harris. So Governor Walz can criticize Donald Trump's tweets, but effective, smart diplomacy and peace through strength is how you bring stability back to a very broken world. Donald Trump has already done it once before. Ask yourself at home, when was the last time -- I'm 40 years old.

When was the last time that an American president didn't have a major conflict break out? The only answer is during the four years that Donald Trump was president.

Sure. So first of all, let's start with the hurricane because it's an unbelievable, unspeakable human tragedy. I just saw today, actually, a photograph of two grandparents on a roof with a six-year-old child. And it was the last photograph ever taken of them because the roof collapsed, and those innocent people lost their lives.

And I'm sure Governor Walz joins me in saying our hearts go out to those innocent people. Our prayers go out to them, and we want as robust and aggressive as a federal response as we can get to save as many lives as possible, and then of course, afterwards to help the people in those communities rebuild.

I mean, these are communities that I love. Some of them I know very personally, in Appalachia, all across the southeast. They need their government to do their job. And I commit that when Donald Trump is president again, the government will put the citizens of this country first when they suffer from a disaster.

Now, Norah, you asked about climate change. I think this is a very important issue. Look, a lot of people are justifiably worried about all these crazy weather patterns. I think it's important for us, first of all, to say Donald Trump and I support clean air, clean water. We want the environment to be cleaner and safer.

But one of the things that I've noticed, some of our Democratic friends talking a lot about, is a concern about carbon emissions, this idea that carbon emissions drives all of the climate change. Well, let's just say that's true, just for the sake of argument, so we're not arguing about weird science. Let's just say that's true.

Well, if you believe that, what would you want to do? The answer is that you'd want to reshore as much American manufacturing as possible, and you'd want to produce as much energy as possible in the United States of America because we're the cleanest economy in the entire world. What have Kamala Harris' policies actually led to, more energy production in China, more manufacturing overseas, more doing business in some of the dirtiest parts of the entire world.

And when I say that, I mean the amount of carbon emissions they're doing per unit of economic output. So if we actually care about getting cleaner air and cleaner water, the best thing to do is to double down and invest in American workers and the American people. And unfortunately, Kamala Harris has done exactly the opposite.

Well, look, what the president has said is that if the Democrats, in particular Kamala Harris and her leadership, if they really believe that climate change is serious, what they would be doing is more manufacturing and more energy production in the United States of America, and that's not what they're doing.

So clearly, Kamala Harris, herself, doesn't believe her own rhetoric on this. If she did, she would actually agree with Donald Trump's energy policies. Now something Governor Walz said I think is important to touch upon because when we talk about clean energy, I think that's a slogan that often the Democrats will use here.

I'm talking, of course, about the Democratic leadership. And the real issue is that if you're spending hundreds of millions or even billions of dollars of American taxpayer money on solar panels that are made in China, number one, you're going to make the economy dirtier. We should be making more of those solar panels here in the United States of America.

Some of them are, Tim, but a lot of them are being made overseas in China, especially the components that go into those solar panels. So if you really want to make the environment cleaner, you've got to invest in more energy production. We haven't built a nuclear facility, I think, one in the past 40 years.

Natural gas, we got to invest more in it. Kamala Harris has done the opposite. That's raised energy prices and also meant that we're doing the most by the climate --

So first of all, Margaret, before we talk about deportations, we have to stop the bleeding. We have a historic immigration crisis because Kamala Harris started and said that she wanted to undo all of Donald Trump's border policies, 94 executive orders, suspending deportations, decriminalizing illegal aliens, massively increasing the asylum fraud that exists in our system that has opened the floodgates, and what it's meant is that a lot of fentanyl is coming into our country.

I had a mother who struggled with opioid addiction and has gotten clean. I don't want people who are struggling with addiction to be deprived of their second chance because Kamala Harris let in fentanyl into our communities at record levels. So you've got to stop the bleeding. You've got to re-implement Donald Trump's border policies, build the wall, re-implement deportations, and that gets me to your point, Margaret, about what do we actually do. So, we've got 20 million, 25 million illegal aliens who are here in the country.

What do we do with them? I think the first thing that we do is we start with the criminal migrants. About a million of those people have committed some form of crime in addition to crossing the border illegally. I think you start with deportations on those folks, and then I think you make it harder for illegal aliens to undercut the wages of American workers.

A lot of people will go home if they can't work for less than minimum wage in our own country. And by the way, that will be really good for our workers who just want to earn a fair wage for doing a good day's work. And the final point, Margaret, is you ask about family separation. Right now in this country, Margaret, we have 320,000 children that the Department of Homeland Security has effectively lost.

Some of them have been sex trafficked. Some of them, hopefully, are at homes with their families. Some of them have been used as drug trafficking mules. The real family separation policy in this country is, unfortunately, Kamala Harris' wide open southern border. And I'd ask my fellow Americans to remember when she came into office, she said she was going to do this.

Real leadership would be saying, "You know what? I screwed up. We're going to go back to Donald Trump's border policies." I wish that she would do that. It would be good for all of us.

Margaret. My point is that we already have massive child separations, thanks to Kamala Harris' open border. I didn't accuse Kamala Harris of inviting drug mules. I said that she enabled the Mexican drug cartels to operate freely in this country, and we know that they use children as drug mules, and it is a disgrace and it has to stop.

Look, I think what Tim said just doesn't pass the smell test. For three years, Kamala Harris went out bragging that she was going to undo Donald Trump's border policies. She did exactly that. We had a record number of illegal crossings. We had a record number of fentanyl coming into our country. And now, now that she's running for president or a few months before, she says that somehow she got religion and cared a lot about a piece of legislation.

The only thing that she did when she became the vice president, when she became the appointed border czar was to undo 94 Donald Trump executive actions that opened the border. This problem is leading to massive problems in the United States of America. Parents who can't afford health care, schools that are overwhelmed, it's got to stop, and it will when Donald Trump is president again.

Tim --

Please.

Look, Margaret, first of all, the gross majority of what we need to do with the southern border is just empowering law enforcement to do their job. I've been to the southern border more than our border czar, Kamala Harris, has been. And it's actually heartbreaking because the Border Patrol agents, they just want to be empowered to do their job.

Of course, additional resources would help. But most of this is about the president and the vice president empowering our law enforcement to say, "If you try to come across the border illegally, you've got to stay in Mexico. You've got to go back through proper channels." Now, Governor Waltz brought up the community of Springfield, and he's very worried about the things that I've said in Springfield.

Look in Springfield, Ohio, and in communities all across this country, you've got schools that are overwhelmed. You've got hospitals that are overwhelmed. You've got housing that is totally unaffordable because we brought in millions of illegal immigrants to compete with Americans for scarce homes. The people that I'm most worried about in Springfield, Ohio are the American citizens who have had their lives destroyed by Kamala Harris' open border.

It is a disgrace, Tim. And I actually think I agree with you. I think you want to solve this problem. But I don't think that Kamala Harris does.

Well, Margaret, but --

Margaret, I think it's important because the debate --

Margaret, the rules were --

That you guys weren't going to fact-check. And since you're fact-checking me, I think it's important to say what's actually going on. So, there's an application called the CBP One app, where you can go on as an illegal migrant, apply for asylum or apply for parole and be granted legal status at the wave of a Kamala Harris open border wand.

That is not a person coming in applying for a green card and waiting for 10 years.

That is the facilitation of illegal immigration, Margaret, by our own leadership.

And Kamala Harris opened that pathway.

The CBP One app has not been on the books since 1990. It's something that Kamala Harris created, Margaret.

Well, first of all, you're going to hear a lot from Tim Walz this evening, and you just heard it in the answer, a lot of what Kamala Harris proposes to do. And some of it, I'll be honest with you, it even sounds pretty good. Here's what you won't hear is that Kamala Harris has already done it. Because she's been the vice president for three and a half years, she had the opportunity to enact all of these great policies, and what she's actually done instead is drive the cost of food higher by 25%, drive the cost of housing higher by about 60%, open the American southern border, and make middle-class life unaffordable for a large number of Americans.

If Kamala Harris has such great plans for how to address middle-class problems, then she ought to do them now, not when asking for a promotion but in the job the American people gave her three and a half years ago. And the fact that she isn't tells you a lot about how much you can trust her actual plans.

Now, Donald Trump's economic plan is not just a plan, but it's also a record. A lot of those same economists attacked Donald Trump's plans, and they have Ph.D.s, but they don't have common sense, and they don't have wisdom because Donald Trump's economic policies delivered the highest take-home pay in a generation in this country, 1.5% inflation, and to boot, peace and security all over the world.

So, when people say that Donald Trump's economic plan doesn't make sense, I say look at the record. He delivered rising take-home pay for American workers. Now, Tim admirably admits that they want to undo the Trump tax cuts. But if you look at what was so different about Donald Trump's tax cuts, even from previous Republican tax cut plans, is that a lot of those resources went to giving more take-home pay to middle class and working-class Americans.

It was passed in 2017, and you saw an American economic boom unlike we've seen in a generation in this country. That is a record that I'm proud to run on, and we're going to get back to that common-sense wisdom so that you can afford to live the American dream again. I know a lot of you are struggling. I know a lot of you are worried about paying the bills.

It's going to stop when Donald Trump brings back common sense to this country.

Governor, you say trust the experts, but those same experts for 40 years said that if we shipped our manufacturing base off to China, we'd get cheaper goods. They lied about that. They said if we shipped our industrial base off to other countries to Mexico and elsewhere, it would make the middle class stronger.

They were wrong about that. They were wrong about the idea that if we made America less self-reliant, less productive in our own nation, that it would somehow make us better off, and they were wrong about it. And for the first time in a generation, Donald Trump had the wisdom and the courage to say to that bipartisan consensus we're not doing it anymore.

We're bringing American manufacturing back. We're unleashing American energy. We're going to make more of our own stuff. And this isn't just an economic issue. And I've got three beautiful little kids at home, seven, four and two, and I love them very much, and I hope they're in bed right now. But look, so many of the drugs, the pharmaceuticals that we put in the bodies of our children are manufactured by nations that hate us. This has to stop, and we're not going to stop it by listening to experts.

We're going to stop it by listening to common-sense wisdom, which is what Donald Trump governed on.

May I respond to that?

So, appreciate that. So, if you notice what Governor Walz just did is he said, first of all, Donald Trump has to listen to the experts, and then when he acknowledged that the experts screwed up, he said, well, Donald Trump didn't do nearly as good of a job as this --

Show that he did. So, what Tim Walz is doing -- and honestly, Tim, I think you've got a tough job here because you've got to play Whac-a-Mole. You've got to pretend that Donald Trump didn't deliver rising take-home pay, which, of course, he did. You've got to pretend that Donald Trump didn't deliver lower inflation, which, of course, he did.

And then you've simultaneously got to defend Kamala Harris' atrocious economic record, which has made gas, groceries, and housing unaffordable for American citizens. I was raised by a woman who would sometimes go into medical debt so that she could put food on the table in our household. I know what it's like to not be able to afford the things that you need to afford.

We can do so much better. To all of you watching, we can get back to an America that's affordable again. We just got to get back to common-sense economic principles.

Well, first of all, Margaret, because I've always been open. And sometimes, of course, I've disagreed with the president, but I've also been extremely open about the fact that I was wrong about Donald Trump. I was wrong, first of all, because I believed some of the media stories that turned out to be dishonest fabrications of his record.

But most importantly, Donald Trump delivered for the American people, rising wages, rising take-home pay, an economy that worked for normal Americans, a secure southern border, a lot of things, frankly, that I didn't think he'd be able to deliver on. And, yeah, when you screw up, when you misspeak, when you get something wrong, and you change your mind, you ought to be honest with the American people about it. It's one of the reasons, Margaret, why I've done so many interviews is because I think it's important to actually explain to the American people where I come down on the issues and what changed.

Now, you pointed out to messages from 2020. Margaret, I've been extremely consistent that I think there were a lot of things that we could have done better in the Trump administration in the first round if Congress was doing its job. I strongly believe, and I've been a United States senator, that Congress is not just a high-class debating society.

It's not just a forum for senators and congressmen to whine about problems, it's a forum to govern. So, there were a lot of things on the border, on tariffs, for example, where I think that we could have done so much more if the Republican Congress and the Democrats in Congress had been a little bit better about how they govern the country.

They were so obsessed with impeaching Donald Trump, they couldn't actually govern. And I want to talk about this tariff issue, in particular, Margaret, because, you know, Tim just accused this of being a national sales tax. Look, the one thing -- and you're probably surprised to hear me praising Joe Biden, but the one thing that Joe Biden did is he continued some of the Trump tariffs that protected American manufacturing jobs.

And it's the one issue, the most pro-worker part of the Biden administration, it's the one issue where Kamala Harris has run away from Joe Biden's record. Think about this. If you're trying to employ slave laborers in China at $3 a day, you're going to do that and undercut the wages of American workers, unless our country stands up for itself and says, "You're not accessing our markets unless you're paying middle-class Americans a fair wage."

No, no, certainly, we won't. And I want to talk about this issue because I know a lot of Americans care about it. And I know a lot of Americans don't agree with everything that I've ever said on this topic. And, you know, I grew up in a working-class family in a neighborhood where I knew a lot of young women who had unplanned pregnancies and decided to terminate those pregnancies because they feel like they didn't have any other options.

And, you know, I -- one of them is actually very dear to me. And I know she's watching tonight, and I love you. And she told me something a couple of years ago that she felt like if she hadn't had that abortion that it would have destroyed her life because she was in an abusive relationship. And I think that what I take from that, as a Republican who proudly wants to protect innocent life in this country, who proudly wants to protect the vulnerable, is that my party, we've got to do so much better of a job at earning the American people's trust back on this issue where they, frankly, just don't trust us. And I think that's one of the things that Donald Trump and I are endeavoring to do. I want us, as a Republican Party, to be pro-family in the fullest sense of the word.

I want us to support fertility treatments. I want us to make it easier for moms to afford to have babies. I want it to make it easier for young families to afford a home so they can afford a place to raise that family. And I think there's so much that we can do on the public policy front just to give women more options.

Now -- now, of course, Donald Trump has been very clear that on the abortion policy specifically, that we have a big country, and it's diverse. And California has a different viewpoint on this than Georgia. Georgia has a different viewpoint from Arizona. And the proper way to handle this, as messy as democracy sometimes is, is to let voters make these decisions, let the individual states make their abortion policy.

And I think that's what makes the most sense in a very big, a very diverse, and, let's be honest, sometimes, a very, very messy and divided country.

Well, Norah, first of all, I never supported a national ban. I did during -- when I was running for senate in 2022 talk about setting some minimum national standard. For example, we have a partial birth abortion ban in this -- in place in this country at the federal level. I don't think anybody is trying to get rid of that or at least I hope not, though I know that Democrats have taken a very radical pro-abortion stance.

But, Norah, you know one of the things that changed is in the state of Ohio, we had a referendum in 2023, and the people of Ohio voted overwhelmingly, by the way, against my position. And I think that what I learned from that, Norah, is that we've got to do a better job at winning back people's trust. So many young women would love to have families.

So many young women also see an unplanned pregnancy as something that's going to destroy their livelihood, destroy their education, destroy their relationships. And we have got to earn people's trusts back, and that's why Donald Trump and I are committed to pursuing pro-family policies, making childcare more accessible, making fertility treatments more accessible because we've got to do a better job at that, and that's what real leadership is.

May I respond to that? First of all, Governor, I agree with you. Amber Thurman should still be alive, and there are a lot of people who should still be alive, and I certainly wish that she was. And maybe -- you're free to disagree with me on this and explain this to me. But as I read the Minnesota law that you signed into law, the statute that you signed into law, it says that a doctor who presides over an abortion where the baby survives, the doctor is under no obligation to provide lifesaving care to a baby who survives a botched, late-term abortion.

That's neither pro choice or pro abortion. That is fundamentally barbaric. And that's why I use that word, Norah, is because some of what we've seen -- do you want to force Catholic hospitals to perform abortions against their will? Because Kamala Harris has supported suing Catholic nuns to violate their freedom of conscience.

We can be a big and diverse country where we respect people's freedom of conscience and make the country more pro baby and pro family, but please.

What was I wrong about, Governor? Please, tell me. What was I wrong about?

But how?

I asked a specific question, Governor. You gave me a slogan as a response.

Yeah. Well, Norah on that particular case, I don't know the full details, but I certainly trust local law enforcement and local authorities to make those decisions. I think in some cases, the answer is going to be yes. And in some cases the answer is going to be no. And the details really matter here, of course.

For example, if a kid steals a gun, that's going to be different than if a parent hands over a gun knowing that their kid is potentially dangerous. But look, I want to just sort of speak as a father of three, beautiful, little kids, and our oldest is now in second grade. And like a lot of parents, we send our kids to school with such hope and such joy and such pride at their little faces on the first day of school.

And we know, unfortunately, that a lot of kids are going to experience this terrible epidemic of gun violence. And of course, our hearts go out to the families that are affected by this terrible stuff, and we do have to do better. And I think that Governor Walz and I actually probably agree that we need to do better on this.

The question is just how do we actually do it. Now, here's something that really bothers me and worries me about this epidemic of violence. The gross majority, close to 90% in some of the statistics I've seen, of the gun violence in this country is committed with illegally obtained firearms. And while we're on that topic, we know that, thanks to Kamala Harris' open border, we've seen a massive influx in the number of illegal guns run by the Mexican drug cartel.

So, that number -- the amount of illegal guns in our country is higher today than it was three and a half years ago. But what do we do about the schools? What do we do to protect our kids? And I think the answer is, and I say this not loving the answer because I don't want my kids to go in a school that feels unsafe or where there are visible signs of security.

But I unfortunately think that we have to increase security in our schools, we have to make the doors lock better. We have to make the doors stronger. We've got to make the windows stronger. And of course, we've got to increase school resource officers because the idea that we can magically wave a wand and take guns out of the hands of bad guys, it just doesn't fit with recent experience.

So, we've got to make our schools safer. And I think we've got to have some common-sense bipartisan solutions for how to do that.

Tim, first of all, I didn't know that your 17-year-old witnessed a shooting, and I'm sorry about that, and I hope that he's doing OK.

Christ have mercy. It is awful. And I appreciate what Tim said actually about Finland because I do think it illustrates some of the frankly weird differences between our own country's gun violence problem and Finland is -- OK, first of all, we have way higher rates of mental health abuse -- or mental health substance abuse.

We have way higher rates of depression, way higher rates of anxiety. We, unfortunately, have a mental health crisis in this country that I really do think that we need to get to the root causes of because I don't think it's the whole reason why we have such a bad gun violence problem. But I do think it's a big piece of it. Another driver of the gun violence epidemic, especially that affecting our kids, it doesn't earn as many headlines, but is the terrible gun violence problem in a lot of our big cities.

And this is why we have to empower law enforcement to arrest the bad guys, put them away, and take gun offenders off the streets. I think there's a whole host of things that we can do here, but I do think at our schools, we've got to talk about more security.

Well, first of all, Tim just said something that I agree with. We don't want to blame immigrants for higher housing prices, but we do want to blame Kamala Harris for letting in millions of illegal aliens into this country, which does drive up cost, Tim, 25 million illegal aliens. Competing with Americans for scarce homes is one of the most significant drivers of home prices in the country.

It's why we have massive increases in home prices that have happened right alongside massive increases in illegal alien populations under Kamala Harris' leadership. Now, Tim just mentioned a bunch of ideas. Now, some of those ideas I actually think are halfway decent, and some of them, I disagree with. But the most important thing here is Kamala Harris is not running as a newcomer to politics.

She is the sitting vice president. If she wants to enact all of these policies to make housing more affordable, I invite her to use the office that the American people already gave her, not sit around and campaign and do nothing while Americans find the American dream of homeownership completely unaffordable.

Now, you asked, Margaret, what would immediately change the equation for American citizens. If you lower energy prices, as Donald Trump says, "Drill, baby, drill," one of the biggest drivers of housing costs aside from illegal immigration is -- think about it. If a truck driver is paying 40% more for diesel, then the lumber he's delivering to the job site to build the house is also going to become a lot more expensive.

If we open up American energy, you will get immediate pricing release -- relief for American citizens, not, by the way, just in housing but in a whole host of other economic goods, too.

Well, what Donald Trump has said is we have a lot of federal lands that aren't being used for anything. They're not being used for national park. They're not being used, and they could be places where we build a lot of housing. And I do think that we should be opening up building in this country. We have a lot of land that could be used.

We have a lot of Americans that need homes. We should be kicking out illegal immigrants who are competing for those homes, and we should be building more homes for the American citizens who deserve to be here.

Well, there's a Federal Reserve study that we're happy to share after the debate, we'll put it up on social media, actually, that really drills down on the connection between increased levels of migration, especially illegal immigration, and higher housing prices. Now, of course, Margaret, that's not the entire driver of higher housing prices.

It's also the regulatory regime of Kamala Harris. Look, we are a country of builders. We're a country of doers. We're a country of explorers. But we increasingly have a federal administration that makes it harder to develop our resources, makes it harder to build things and wants to throw people in jail for not doing everything exactly as Kamala Harris says they have to do. And what that means is that you have a lot of people who would love to build homes who aren't able to build homes.

I actually agree with Tim Walz. We should get out of this idea of housing as a commodity, but the thing that is most turned housing into a commodity is giving it away to millions upon millions of people who have no legal right to be here.

Well, of course, we're going to cover Americans with preexisting conditions. In fact, a lot of my family members have gotten health care. I believe -- you know, members of my family actually got private health insurance at least for the first time, switched off of Medicaid onto private insurance for the first time under Donald Trump's leadership.

And I think that, you know, a lot of people have criticized this "concepts of a plan" remark. Look, it's very simple common sense. I think as Tim Walz knows from 12 years in Congress, you're not going to propose a 900-page bill standing on a debate stage. It would bore everybody to tears, and it wouldn't actually mean anything because part of this is the give and take of bipartisan negotiation.

Now, when Donald Trump was actually president, and again, he has a record to be proud of, prescription drugs fell in 2018 for the first time in a very long time. Under Kamala Harris' leadership, prescription drugs are up about 7%. Under Donald Trump's entire four years, they were up about 1.5%. He introduced pricing transparency.

If you think about health care, you go into a hospital, you try to buy something, and nobody knows what it actually costs. That price transparency will actually give American consumers a little bit more choice and will also drive down costs. And we talked about -- you know, the reinsurance regulations is what I was talking about.

Look, Donald Trump has said that if we allow states to experiment a little bit on how to cover both the chronically ill but the non-chronically ill, it's not just a plan. He actually implemented some of these regulations when he was president of the United States. And I think you can make a really good argument that it salvaged Obamacare, which was doing disastrously until Donald Trump came along.

I think this is an important point about President Trump. Of course, you don't have to agree with everything that President Trump has ever said or ever done. But when Obamacare was crushing under the weight of its own regulatory burden and health care costs, Donald Trump could have destroyed the program.

Instead, he worked in a bipartisan way to ensure that Americans had access to affordable care. It's not perfect, of course, and there's so much more that we can do. But I think that Donald Trump has earned the right to put in place some better health care policies. He's earned it because he did it successfully the first time.

Well, look, we currently have laws and regulations in place right now that protect people with preexisting conditions. We want to keep those regulations in place, but we also want to make the health insurance marketplace function a little bit better. Now, what Governor Walz just said is actually not true.

A lot of what happened and the reason that Obamacare was crushing under its own weight is that a lot of young and healthy people were leaving the exchanges. Donald Trump actually helped address that problem, and he did so in a way that preserved people's access to coverage who had preexisting conditions.

But, again, something that these guys do is they make a lot of claims about, if Donald Trump becomes president, all of these terrible consequences are going to ensue. But in reality, Donald Trump was president, inflation was low, take-home pay was higher, and he saved the very program from a Democratic administration that was collapsing and would have collapsed absent his leadership.

He did his job which is govern in a bipartisan way and get results, not just complain about problems but actually solve them.

So, you think the individual mandate is a good idea?

Can I address that --

Sure.

Well, first of all, Margaret, a number of my Republican colleagues and some Democrats, too, have worked on this issue. And I think there is a bipartisan solution here because a lot of us care about this issue. I mean, look, I speak from this very personally because I'm married to a beautiful woman, who is an incredible mother to our three beautiful kids, but is also a very, very brilliant corporate litigator.

And I'm so proud of her. But being a working mom, even for somebody with all of the advantages of my wife, is extraordinarily difficult. And it's not just difficult from a policy perspective. She actually had access to paid family leave because she worked for a bigger company. But the cultural pressure on young families and especially young women, I think, makes it really hard for people to choose the family model they want.

A lot of young women would like to go back to work immediately. Some would like to spend a little time at home with the kids. Some would like to spend longer at home with the kids. We should have a family care model that makes choice possible. And I think this is a very important substantive difference between Donald Trump and Kamala Harris' approach.

I mean, look, if you look at the federal programs that we have that support paid family leave right now, the Community Development Block Grant, there's another block grant program that spends a lot of money from the federal government, these programs only go to one kind of child care model. Let's say you'd like your church maybe to help you out with child care, maybe you live in a rural area or an urban area and you'd like to get together with families in your neighborhood to provide child care in a way that makes the most sense, you don't get access to any of these federal monies.

We want to promote choice in how we deliver family care and how we promote child care. Because look, it is unacceptable. And, you know, of course, Tim and I have been on the campaign trail a lot in the past seven or eight weeks, and one of the biggest complaints I hear from young families is people who feel like they don't have options, like they're choosing between going to work or taking care for their kids.

That is an incredible burden to put on American families. We're the only country that does it. I think we could do a heck of a lot better.

Well, what President Trump said, Margaret, I just want to defend my running mate here a little bit, is that we're going to be taking in a lot of money by penalizing companies for shipping jobs overseas and penalizing countries who employ slave laborers and then ship their products back into our country and undercut the wages of American workers.

It's the heart of the Donald Trump economic plan, cut taxes for American workers and American families, cut taxes for businesses that are hiring and building companies in the United States of America, but penalize companies and countries that are shipping jobs overseas. That's the heart of the economic proposal.

And I think what President Trump is saying is that when we bring in this additional revenue with higher economic growth, we're going to be able to provide paid family leave, child care options that are viable and workable for a lot of American families.

Well, because, as Tim said, a lot of the child care shortage is we just don't have enough resources going into the multiple people who could be providing family care options. And we're going to have to, unfortunately -- look, we're going to have to spend more money. We're going to have to induce more people to want to provide child care options for American families.

Because the reason it's so expensive right now is because you've got way too few people providing this very essential service.

Well, Norah, first of all, I think that we're focused on the future. We need to figure out how to solve the inflation crisis caused by Kamala Harris' policies, make housing affordable, make groceries affordable, and that's what we're focused on. But I want to answer your question because you did ask it. Look, what President Trump has said is that there were problems in 2020, and my own belief is that we should fight about those issues, debate those issues peacefully in the public square.

And that's all I've said, and that's all that Donald Trump has said. Remember, he said that on January the 6th, the protesters ought to protest peacefully. And on January the 20th, what happened? Joe Biden became the President. Donald Trump left the White House. And now, of course, unfortunately, we have all of the negative policies that have come from the Harris-Biden administration.

I believe that we actually do have a threat to democracy in this country, but unfortunately, it's not the threat to democracy that Kamala Harris and Tim Walz want to talk about. It is the threat of censorship. It's Americans casting aside lifelong friendships because of disagreements over politics. It's big technology companies silencing their fellow citizens, and it's Kamala Harris saying that rather than debate and persuade her fellow Americans, she'd like to censor people who engage in misinformation.

I think that is a much bigger threat to democracy than anything that we've seen in this country in the last four years, in the last 40 years. Now I'm really proud, especially given that I was raised by two lifelong blue-collar Democrats, to have the endorsement of Bobby Kennedy Jr. and Tulsi Gabbard, lifelong leaders in the Democratic coalition.

And of course, they don't agree with me and Donald Trump on every issue. We don't have to agree on every issue, but we're united behind a basic American First Amendment principle that we ought to debate our differences. We ought to argue about them. We ought to try to persuade our fellow Americans. Kamala Harris is engaged in censorship at an industrial scale.

She did it during COVID. She's done it over a number of other issues, and that, to me, is a much bigger threat to democracy than what Donald Trump said when he said that protesters should peacefully protest on January the 6th.

Me too, man.

Yeah. Well, look, Tim, first of all, it's really rich for Democratic leaders to say that Donald Trump is a unique threat to democracy when he peacefully gave over power on January the 20th, as we have done for 250 years in this country. We are going to shake hands after this debate and after this election.

And of course, I hope that we win, and I think we're going to win. But if Tim Walz is the next Vice President, he'll have my prayers. He'll have my best wishes, and he'll have my help whenever he wants it. But we have to remember that for years in this country, Democrats protested the results of elections.

Hillary Clinton in 2016 said that Donald Trump had the election stolen by Vladimir Putin because the Russians bought like $500,000 worth of Facebook ads. This has been going on for a long time. And if we want to say that we need to respect the results of the election, I'm on board. But if we want to say, as Tim Waltz is saying, that this is just a problem that Republicans have had, I don't buy that.

Tim, I'm focused on the future. Did Kamala Harris censor Americans from speaking their mind in the wake of the 2020 COVID situation?

Has she -- it's a damning non-answer for you to not talk about censorship. Obviously, Donald Trump and I think that there were problems in 2020. We've talked about it. I'm happy to talk about it further, but you guys attack us for not believing in democracy, the most sacred right under the United States.

Democracy is the First Amendment. You, yourself, have said there's no First Amendment right to misinformation. Kamala Harris wants --

To use the power of the government and big tech to silence people from speaking their minds. That is a threat to democracy that will long outlive this present political moment. I would like Democrats and Republicans to both reject censorship. Let's persuade one another. Let's argue about ideas, and then let's come together afterwards.

Tim, fire in a crowded theater, you guys wanted to kick people off of Facebook for saying that toddlers shouldn't wear masks.

Fire in a crowded theater, that is criticizing the policies of the government, which is the right of every American.

Well, I want to thank Governor Walz, you folks at CBS, and of course, the American people for tuning in this evening. And one of the issues we didn't talk about was energy. And I remember when I was being raised by my grandmother when she didn't have enough money to turn on the heat some nights because Ohio gets pretty cold at night and because money was often very tight.

And I believe as a person who wants to be your next vice president that we are a rich and prosperous enough country where every American, whether they're rich or poor, ought to be able to turn on their heat in the middle of a cold, winter night. That's gotten more difficult, thanks to Kamala Harris' energy policies.

I believe that whether you're rich or poor, you ought to be able to afford a nice meal for your family. That's gotten harder because of Kamala Harris' policies. I believe that whether you're rich or poor, you ought to be able to afford to buy a house. You ought to be able to live in safe neighborhoods. You ought to not have your communities flooded with fentanyl.

And that, too, has gotten harder with Kamala because of Kamala Harris' policies. Now, I've been in politics long enough to do what Kamala Harris does when she stands before the American people and says that on day one, she's going to work on all these challenges I just listed. She's been the vice president for three and a half years.

Day one was 1,400 days ago and her policies have made these problems worse. Now, I believe that we have the most beautiful country in the world. I meet people on the campaign trail who can't afford food but have the grace and generosity to ask me how I'm doing and to tell me they're praying for my family.

What that has taught me is that we have the greatest country, the most beautiful country, the most incredible people anywhere in the world, but they're not going to be able to achieve their full dreams with the broken leadership that we have in Washington. They're not going to be able to live their American dream if we do the same thing that we've been doing for the last three and a half years.

We need change. We need a new direction. We need a president, who has already done this once before and did it well. Please vote for Donald Trump. And whether you vote for me or vote for Tim Walz, I just want to say I'm so proud to be doing this and I'm rooting for you. God bless you and good night.