Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-briefing-karoline-leavitt-the-white-house-june-23-2025

Question: The president is floating the idea of regime change. How does he believe that should be accomplished, through the Iranians, the Israelis or the Americans?

Karoline Leavitt: The president's posture and our military posture has not changed. The president was just simply raising a question that I think many people around the world are asking. If the Iranian regime refuses to give up their nuclear program or engage in talks -- we just took out their nuclear program on Saturday night, as you all know.

Karoline Leavitt: But if they refuse to engage in diplomacy moving forward, why shouldn't the Iranian people rise up against this brutal terrorist regime? That's a question the president raised last night. But as far as our military posture, it hasn't changed.

Question: Karoline? Karoline? What's the timetable the president has given Iran right now to come to the negotiating table?

Karoline Leavitt: Uh, he has made his message to Iran quite clear.

Question: Karoline? Karoline? And on the Strait of Hormuz and oil? On regime change. That question of if the president was supporting that idea of [Inaudible] supreme into the [Inaudible] that he's now floating this idea of, is that an idea that is there?

Karoline Leavitt: I'm not going to get ahead of the president. I just explained his trip to you last night.

Question: Can -- Karoline, has there been any communications at all between the US officials and the Iranians since these strikes? And have you gotten any indication that they are open to negotiating?

Karoline Leavitt: The secretary of Defense said yesterday, there has been both public and private messages sent to the Iranians since the very successful operation on Saturday night and that remains the truth.

Question: On the Strait of Hormuz, I if -- if Iran shuts down the Strait of Hormuz, is there a plan by the US to add oil to the global market? We saw the Biden administration do a strategic petroleum release. Is there a plan?

Karoline Leavitt: I can assure you the administration is actively and closely monitoring the situation in the Strait of Hormuz. And the Iranian regime would be foolish to make that decision.

Question: Karoline --