Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-briefing-tom-homan-the-white-house-june-19-2025

Question: I promise it's a question about immigration. I promise.

Question: Funny. [Laughter]

Question: I know you want to talk about that. Mr. Homan, some of the president's supporters are very concerned right now that if he were to strike Iran, that it would take away from immigration priorities in the US southern border. Can you share those concerns? What would you tell them?

Tom Homan: It's, it's out of my lane, south of the border, I just say we're enforcing immigration law every day. We got over 1,000 teams on the streets every day across this country, and right now we're concentrating on sanctuary cities, so that's where the problem is. They knowingly release public safety threats, illegal aliens in the community every day.

Tom Homan: So that's why we're sending more resources to sanctuary cities, we don't have that problem like in the state of Florida where most of the county sheriffs accept our detainees and they give us the illegal alien when they're done with them. So we got to concentrate where we know they're doing in the street.

Tom Homan: So that's why we're sending more resources to sanctuary cities to take the, take the public safety threats off the street.

Question: Chairman, what do you say to farmers who are growing increasingly concerned that immigration of course is going to hurt their ability to, to do their jobs and thus, uh, hurt the US economy and, uh --

Tom Homan: Well first of all there's a right way and wrong way to hire workers. There are legal programs that bring farm workers in, second of all, I've been saying for years, Congress needs to address this. Well, because Congress authority just doesn't mean we ignore it, I mean, it's, it's illegal to hire -- knowingly hire an illegal alien, but like I just talked about it a few minutes ago, work site enforcement operation, just like that large opera- -- we're going to base them on priority, right?

Tom Homan: For those we have a criminal nexus of trafficking, of forced labor, of, uh, of, of tax fraud or, or tax invasion. I mean, we, we, we will concentrate in -- on work sites on a prior- prioritized basis just like these are for operation. So anything we -- let's just go with farm, look for illegal aliens, we'll prioritize those who have a criminal nexus for it.

Question: And one quick follow up. On Thursday, I told agents to hold off on investigations of farms and hotels, um, absent some other sort of criminality --

Tom Homan: Uh, uh --

Question: -- was ICE acting on their own, and what is [Inaudible]

Tom Homan: As we said, uh, ICE is enforcing laws enacted by Congress, enforc- -- enforcement operations, this is an important part of the work we do, again, where do we find most victims of trafficking? Work site. Joe Biden stopped work site. They said they cared about sex trafficking and forced labor trafficking, then they stopped work site enforcement.

Tom Homan: That was just -- that was a dumb move.

Question: So what --

Tom Homan: That's when we find --

Question: [Inaudible]

Tom Homan: I -- it's, it's, uh, it's a, it's a matter of messaging, proper messaging. The message is clear now, that we're going to continue doing work site enforcement hours, even on farms and hotels, but based on a prioritized basis, criminals come first.

Question: Thank, thank you.