Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-briefing-tom-homan-the-white-house-september-3-2025

Question: [Inaudible] what's the, the administration's reaction to that?

Tom Homan: He got it wrong, and it'll be won on appeal. You don't need to be a time of war to do the Alien Enemies Act, there needs to be a, an incursion, which, a predatory incursion, which I think occurred. There's numerous intelligence reports, you can look them up. FBI intelligence reports, the intelligence community that TDO -- TDA directly involved with the Maduro regime.

Tom Homan: They came here, they committed murders. They, they pushed drugs that killed, uh, thousands of Americans. They committed violent acts in cities and unsettled the cities. So I think they got it wrong, we'll win on appeal.

Question: Even with that Bush appointee on the court saying that, that basically this doesn't constitute a country, uh, encouraging its residents to enter the country --

Tom Homan: Draw, he got it wrong. We'll win on appeal.

Question: The president today previewed, uh, sort of the law enforcement action in New Orleans. Is that an immigration related --

Tom Homan: Pardon me?

Question: Uh, the president today previewed law enforcement action in New Orleans, similar to what might happen in Chicago. Is that gonna be immigration related?

Tom Homan: Yes. It's gonna be immigration enforcement. I mean, uh, that's what I'm, I'm, I'm involved in, right? So, you know, president said weeks ago, I said weeks ago that was saying shorter cities, how are we gonna address it? We're going, we're gonna flood the zone. We got 10,000 more agents coming on, we're gonna flood the zone.

Tom Homan: We don't have a problem. A biggest problem in like Florida, where every sheriff and chiefs are from with us or Texas. So where we gonna send our additional resources? To sanctuary cities. Why? Because we know there's a problem there. We know that. We know for a fact to release an illegal alien public safety threats to the streets every day.

Tom Homan: So we're gonna send the, the, the boots on the ground to the places that we know there's a problem. Address the biggest problems first, and that's your biggest cities, they're sanctuary cities. Whether it's New York, Chicago, Los Angeles, Portland, Seattle. I mean, they're, they're, they're sanctuary cities, and we're gonna flood the zone.

Tom Homan: Sanctuary cities, I've said it, I've said it a thousand times. They're gonna get exactly what they don't want, more agents in the communities and more works on enforcement. If they won't let us arrest the bad guy in the safety and security of a county jail, where it's safer for the agent, safer for the alien, certainly safer for the community.

Tom Homan: If they're gonna release 'em back in the community, then we gotta send a whole team to look for that person, which at least -- They release, a lot of people want to send a lot of teams. If we can't find them in the community, then we'll find 'em at the worksite. And when we go in the community, I wanna make this clear to sanctuary cities, again, they'll get something they don't want.

Tom Homan: When we find the bad person, and we will, if they're with others that aren't a criminal threat, but they're in the country illegally, they're coming too. So more collateral arrests are going to current sanctuary cities 'cause you forced us into the community.

Question: When can the jurisdictions to expect you guys to flood the zone?

Tom Homan: It's coming. I, I don't, I don't get, get too specific because we don't wanna give 'em too much heads up, but it's coming. It's, uh, we've already started adding resources, some sanctuary cities, but operations are being planned. And, uh, it's coming. And it's, it's, look, it's the right thing to do. Remember, remember after the election, Brandon Johnson said I wasn't welcome to Chicago.

Tom Homan: Guess what? The first place I went was Chicago. And I kicked off an operation there, and the first day we arrested like nine TDA members, we arrested like seven or nine sexual, child sexual predators. We arrested two illegal aliens that had homicide convictions walking the street. We arrested TDA members that were selling pistols with the switch, which means the pistol is all fully automatic now.

Tom Homan: We made Chicago safer in one day, and that's what we're gonna continue doing. We're not gonna let up. President Trump said we're gonna prioritize sanctuary cities, that's exactly what we're doing. And I, applaud Pam Bondi pursuing sanctuary cities, it needs to happen. Sanctuaries are sanctuaries for criminals.

Tom Homan: They're not sanctuaries for law-abiding Americans. It doesn't help to have a sanctuary city, because that's where the highest crime rates usually are.

Question: When are you going to begin the immigration for Chicago, and [Inaudible]

Tom Homan: We'll see.

Question: And in terms of the executive order that was signed by Chicago mayor, ordering their police not to collaborate with --

Tom Homan: If the mayor don't wanna help make his city safer, then get out of the way, we'll do it for him. If they want to -- For any elected mayor that doesn't wanna help make his city safer -- Now, I'm not saying every illegal alien is a criminal, public safety threat, but many are. And for any mayor says, "No, I'm not gonna work with feds to make my streets safer," is ignorant.

Tom Homan: That's his number one responsibility, is the safety and security of communities. If he don't wanna help, step out the way, 'cause we're going to do it. President Trump promised American people he's gonna make this country safe again, we're going to do it, with or without the help of sanctuary mayors and, and governors.

Question: And what about the Guatemalan children that the administration attempted to deport?

Tom Homan: Most disgusting decision I've seen in my career, right? I've been beat up, Trump administration's been beat up. Zero tolerance, family separations, how dare you? And all these media stories that attacked us. Where's the media stores on half a million children being smuggled in this country, taking outta their family's hands, put in the hands of criminal cartels to be smuggled in the country.

Tom Homan: And if I left my child in the car and went and get groceries, I'd be arrested. But half a million children put the hands of criminal cartels to be smuggled in this country. The administration lost track of hundreds of thousand of them. They weren't looking for 'em. President Trump's the one that made the promise that we find these children, we already found 25,000 of them.

Tom Homan: As far as Guatemala, you got children who wanna be with their parents. You got parents that want the children. You got Guatemala, United States government meeting, say that's the right thing to do. And now people are stopping us from reuniting the child with the parent? Disgusting.

Question: Well, what about the attorneys who say that those children feared returning? That they --

Tom Homan: Feared returning to their parents?

Question: To Guatemala, because they are fear of being --

Tom Homan: Their parents live in Guatemala, they living in fear? It's ridiculous. They, they're playing a game. They're playing a game. For, for four years I heard nothing except family separation, family separation. Now we're trying to reunite families, they're fighting us on that. They don't know where to stand on this stuff.

Tom Homan: All I know is kids should be with parents.

Question: Tom, how long have you all been tracking that boat yesterday that got blown up?

Tom Homan: I can't comment on that.

Question: And then what was -- Any specifics to the cargo? Any specifics --

Tom Homan: Outta my lane. That's DOD, outta my lane.

Question: Okay.

Question: Can you provide an update on the improvement level of your IT agent?

Tom Homan: Oh, yeah. Look, we got well over 100 -- We got well over 100- 100,000, I think it's close to 120,000, which is exciting. I, I think there's 120,000 people that were as pissed off as I was the last four years open borders, and they want to come help secure the nation, make the country safe again. I think they're not listening to the, the false media about, you know, a minority of people ICE arrests are criminals.

Tom Homan: It's gar- -- garbage. Every morning I read the data, come into work. Every morning, about 22 pages of data I get every morning. About 70% everybody ICE arrests are criminals. Who's the other 30%? Many of 'em are, um, national security threats. We address the thousands in national security threats, most of 'em don't have criminal history.

Tom Homan: They're here to lay low until they do the dirty deed. Many of 'em were fugitives. People had due process at great taxpayer expense. Well, guess what? We're looking for 'em. And you know, because what ICE is doing in interior, having 1,000 teams out there every day, that's a part of the reason we have the most secure border in the nation's history, because people are now realizing there's consequences for entering the country illegal, which is a crime.

Tom Homan: Thanks folks.

Question: Thanks Tom.

Question: Thanks, Mr. Homan.

Tom Homan: Thank you.