Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-briefing-pam-bondi-the-white-house-may-7-2025

Pam Bondi: Hey, guys.

Question: [Inaudible] do you have time?

Pam Bondi: Yeah, I can do really quick. I told Peter earlier to pass on to you, I have -- in about 10 minutes, I have about two dozen victims' families coming in my office for a private meeting. Joe Biden commuted the sentences of 37 of the 40 death row inmates. The victims' families had no closure. They found out, some of them, on Christmas Eve.

Pam Bondi: One, a marine who had been raped and murdered, her family, no closure.

Pam Bondi: Two innocent people working in a bank, two bank robbers came in to rob the bank, violently gunned them down. Two men in one state violently murdered five people, threw their bodies in a reservoir. These were people that were commuted off of death row by the Biden administration. Donald Trump has made it very clear, we are going to look out for these victims' families.

Pam Bondi: They're coming in at 8:40. They're meeting with me. We're having a private meeting. They need closure. Again, some of them found out on Christmas Eve, so it's a private meeting. And then I believe at 9:30, some of them may want to talk to you, but we're not going to pressure them. If they want to, but they will be there.

Pam Bondi: I know some of the families want to talk, some don't. Some want their privacy. But if you want to come over at 9:30, they'll be there. Then at 10:45, Director Patel and I are doing another press conference that's of vital importance, a huge case that that we've been working on, the FBI, all of my prosecutors and we'll be announcing that at 10:45 today.

Question: Does the Justice Department have a comment about the [Inaudible] --

Pam Bondi: I'm just learning about that, not yet, but we will. Thanks.

Question: [Inaudible] migrant flight to Libya, who might be on board that?

Pam Bondi: You'll have to talk to the secretary of state.

Question: James Comer said yesterday that all the Epstein files are missing. Can you confirm that [Inaudible] we still haven't heard from you.

Pam Bondi: No, no. The FBI -- yeah, the FBI, they're reviewing. There are tens of thousands of videos of Epstein with children or child porn and there are hundreds of victims and no one victim will ever get released. It's just the volume and that's what they're going through right now. The FBI is diligently going through that.

Pam Bondi: I haven't seen that statement, but I'll call him later and find out.

Question: Ed Martin seems to be facing a very tough confirmation battle up on Capitol Hill. Do you plan to appoint a new interim US attorney?

Pam Bondi: Yeah, I heard about that late yesterday too. As you saw, I was tied up all day yesterday over here at the White House. I'll be talking to Ed today and find out what's going on with that as well. Thank you. Sorry.

Question: [Inaudible]

Pam Bondi: You know, no, there's not at this point. She asked about what else can we do for the families of these -- these poor families whose loved ones were violently murdered and they had to find out, some of them on the news, had to find out on Christmas, no, there's not more we can do other than listen to them and hear them out.

Pam Bondi: And they need closure and they do know now that going forward, the Trump administration is seeking the death penalty again on future criminal defendants and keeping our streets safe. But yeah, I'm a career prosecutor and they want to be heard. We want to listen to them. That's part of it, and hear about their loved ones.

Pam Bondi: It's going to be very emotional for all of us, especially for them, and hear the horrific details of what they went through. But thank you for asking. I've really got to go. Thank you.