Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-briefing-stephen-miller-the-white-house-april-28-2025

Question: Uh, Karoline Leavitt said the -- Governor Pritzker just called for mass protests and disruption saying Republicans cannot know peace. While Trump's border crossings are down 95 percent and ICE is locking up 800 criminals. Is Pritzker inciting insurrection and will DOJ -- DOJ take action?

Stephen Miller: Well, what I would say is that, uh, his comments, if nothing else, truly could be construed as inciting violence. So, President Trump survived two assassination attempts against his life. There's been many more credible threats against President Trump and his family and associates. Do you report seeing the spate of left-wing, domestic terrorism all across the country.

Stephen Miller: By the way, the destruction of property directly adjacent to the two attacks on humans, the physical attacks. Once you tolerate and once you allow for attacks on property, you just step away from people throwing Molotov cocktails, hitting people with Molotov cocktails -- and you've even seen some, uh, I think one example, uh, a formerly prominent Washington Post journalist who seemed to be celebrating the murder of a healthcare CEO, right?

Stephen Miller: Health insurance CEO. And, uh, and that's what we have reached in this country where people are engaging in rhetoric and behavior that puts the lives of public servants in danger, it puts the lives of conservative Americans in danger. So, that's the first thing I would say. And secondly, this is war, the Democrat governors and mayors are waging against federal law enforcement.

Stephen Miller: This is nullification [Inaudible]. But they're saying they don't recognize the supremacy of federal law enforcement in protecting the lives and livelihoods of American citizens against the [Inaudible]. Never seen anything like it. And of course the result of their conduct is that they're allowing illegal aliens to go free, and rapist murders.

Stephen Miller: I can't can imagine having a -- having a leader in a city or a state that would privilege the well-being of illegal alien murderers over their own citizens, but that's where we are right now.

Question: Mr. Miller, I'd like to ask you about -- sir, I'd like to ask you about the -- before Congress right now, the Religious Workforce Protection Act. I'm not familiar with that. But basically, Catholic leaders support it because they say it would help keep foreign-born priests at their local ministries in the United States.

Question: The problem right now is a 2023 change to US Visa rules caused a backlog, and long story short --

Stephen Miller: Sorry, I'll just -- I have to take a look at that and get you a more complete answer. I'm not in a position to answer it right now. I apologize.

Question: OK. But bottom line -- OK the bottom line is what -- can the administration do anything right now to help --

Stephen Miller: I have to take a look at that and give you a fully informed answer.

Question: The lawyer for this woman who had two US citizen children who were deported, he said, um that once she was put on a plane, within 24 hours after, she was gone. Is this case being rushed to avoid due process, to avoid court hearings?

Stephen Miller: Well, you know -- Are you familiar with the -- with the case in question?

Question: To the extent that -- yes, I am. I'm sure you are, so you tell it.

Stephen Miller: So, this person has had years of due process. In other words, the -- the case that you're referring to are individuals who have already received all of their due process, including a final adjudication of their claims and an order to be removed from the country. In other words, they've been in the system for years.

Stephen Miller: You've been told for years that individuals who have been free -- remember, the Biden Administration freed illegal aliens at the border and then instead created a system where they're supposed to go through what's called the non-detained docket. That's when you're -- when your case is heard for relief, while you are living free.

Stephen Miller: We've been told for years and years and years, no, no, no, no, no, it's not catch and release. It's not catch and release. They're going to show up to get their hearings. They're going to show up to ICE. They're going to go through the process, and when they lose, they're going to go home. Well, we did the go home part.

Stephen Miller: They lost the case. It's been fully adjudicated. They have a lawful removal order and so, they've been sent home. That's literally the process the previous guys told us and Congress, that Mayorkas told Congress, was going to happen, that when you lose the case, you go home. If people who lose their cases get to stay, that's not due process, that's just a complete suspension of all of our immigration laws and national sovereignty.

Stephen Miller: And of course, by the way, we're going to respect parental rights. We're deporting an illegal alien and they want to bring their kids with them when they leave, of course we're not going to stand in the way of that. Now, I would say it's a separate note, it's absurd as a country, do we have a policy of declaring the children of illegal aliens to be automatic citizens, that doesn't even come up in this case because it's not relevant to the point that the mother wanted to bring her children with her, and of course we will honor and respect her.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: So, question on deportations. In the number of deportations, are you --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Where does the administration stand in the consideration of travel bans at this point? And then following up on the previous question, can you guarantee that migrants who were held in detention facilities have access to legal counsel as you're enacting these immigration policies?

Stephen Miller: Well, on the first point, it's still under consideration. We'll have an update when we have an update. And then on the second point, um, illegal aliens will be given access to exactly what they're entitled to under current laws and court rulings; no more and no less. Obviously, this administration's view that illegal aliens should be able to be deported swiftly and quickly and it should be as simple as are you lawfully in the United States?

Stephen Miller: No, if you are not, then you should go home. In a sane country, that would be the system. If you know that a person trespassed illegally in your property, you send them out of your property that quickly. Now, there are a lot of court rulings and other systems that have been put into place that slow things down, but we're going to move as fast as we possibly can to get the aliens out of our country.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Mr. Miller, regarding the raid in Colorado Springs this weekend, do you have the nationality? Because, I mean, against PDA and MS-13, but do you know if there were Colombians around, they found a really popular drug in Colombia, which is going to see the pink cocaine. [Inaudible]

Stephen Miller: It's a great question. I don't have the nationalities available for you right now.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Are you pleased with this pace of the deportations?

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: -- the number of [Inaudible] --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Stephen Miller: With respect to --

Question: The deportation of these legal people.

Stephen Miller: Well, I mean it appears to everyone who's here illegally in the last number of years.

Question: But in terms of [Inaudible], is the latter African's or --

Stephen Miller: I don't -- I don't have the exact percentage, in terms of the breakdown, but it's certainly true that the -- the flows of illegal immigration that came in the last four years, including many from not only Central America, not only Mexico, but all of Latin America and, of course, Africa, Asia, Middle East; basically everywhere but America.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: #NAME?

Stephen Miller: I don't have any [Inaudible].

Question: Can you give us an update on how the president's meeting with Speaker Johnson went?

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: -- two judges that -- or the media outrage over these judges that were arrested and some of the outrage from Democrat lawmakers?

Stephen Miller: Yes. I mean, if you commit a federal obstruction crime, you will go to jail. There are explicit -- It's amazing to me how the left defines democracy as that Congress passes a law and then local officials should religiously violate those laws with no consequences. Congress passed a series of laws over the years making it a crime to harbor, to smuggle, to evade, to obstruct, particularly and specifically in the context of immigration enforcement.

Stephen Miller: So, when you have a federal judge who engages in plain direct overt intentional and willful violation of those federal laws, of course they'll be arrested and of course they belong in jail.

Question: Do you know how speaker -- targeting violent criminals, worst of the worst. I'm not disputing any of the facts around the cases of these women who were deported, removed with their kids, but given you're looking for more money from Congress, ICE says they need more beds, they need more money. Is it the best use of the administration's resources to be going after moms of young kids, basically?

Question: Do you yourself have that opinion on the subject? I'm more interested in yours.

Stephen Miller: Well, what percentage of the -- let's just pick an even number, uh say, um, 10 million illegal aliens. Let's say the Biden released, I think it's close to 20. Let's say he released 10 million illegal aliens into the country over the last four years, what percentage do you think we should let stay here of those 10 million?

Stephen Miller: I?m not trying to do a game show with you, I'm just curious if --

Question: Yeah, but I'm saying just curious if you think that's the best use of your limited dollars?

Stephen Miller: Is it your view that if a Democrat president releases 10, 15, 20 million illegals into the country, they all then should get to stay forever and for all of life?

Question: Stephen, I don't have a view about what Democratic presidents do. I'm asking what the Republican president you work for and how he wants to --

Stephen Miller: Yeah, so -- You don't want to answer the question because you know the answer is obvious. Everyone that Biden let in has to go home. Of course, if it's a crazy thing to even ask, you think we should give administrative amnesty to some subset of these people?

Question: I'm asking how you're prioritizing the work that your administration is doing.

Stephen Miller: Here's how we're prioritizing. ICE is going to continue to focus on raids against criminal aliens. We're going to use the entire force and power of the federal government to get them all home. Many will choose also to leave voluntarily and take advantage of the CBP Home Act. But we are not going to ask taxpayers to subsidize the presence of a single illegal alien in this country.

Stephen Miller: Here's another thing, do you think that we have some sort of magic eight ball to see which particular illegal aliens skipped their hearings? Which particular got-aways are going to go on to commit a rape or murder? How do you explain to a parent in this country when -- if you chose to release an illegal alien and they committed some heinous crime, why you chose to make that release?

Stephen Miller: From a public safety standpoint alone, you cannot justify setting free a removable and deportable alien. Like in these recent cases, these were all illegal aliens who showed up at an ICE facility for a scheduled appointment. We'd be spending extra resources to set them free. They're already inside of the ICE facility.

Stephen Miller: Think about that.

Question: Do you think illegal aliens --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Stephen Miller: It's a very important point. Illegal aliens walked into an ICE facility and were taken into custody. Could you imagine telling ICE officers to release illegal aliens who announced and present themselves at an ICE facility? Would any other law enforcement agency do that? If a -- if a wanted fugitive went into an FBI facility and announced themselves, would they be allowed to walk out the door that very afternoon?

Stephen Miller: I mean, the whole thing is preposterous.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Stephen -- Stephen --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Are you concerned -- people showing up at an ICE facility?

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: -- and all these people who lost their lives at the hands of illegal migrants and then you also have fentanyl, which is ravaging our communities, friends of mine [Inaudible]. So, do you blame the Biden Administration?

Question: Do they have blood on their hands?

Stephen Miller: Well, of course they do, but not just the Biden Administration. Of course the Biden Administration does. Also all of their enablers do, right. All of the -- the radical left immigration groups and attorneys and NGOs who aided and abetted the support of the invasion, all the Democrat politicians in Congress like Hakeem Jeffries who aided and supported the invasion and Chris Murphy and everyone in the media who knowingly lied and covered up about that invasion for four years?

Stephen Miller: They all share in the atrocity and the calamity, they all have blood on their hands and on their conscience, [Inaudible]. And nothing they ever say or do will ever earn them forgiveness for that because of just how severe those violations were, how many people have died and suffered as a result. That's between them and their maker.

Stephen Miller: But they'll be getting no forgiveness from me, I can promise you.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Stephen, can you give an up to date -- Stephen, Stephen?

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: -- resistance to Trump's agenda and what can the administration do to overcome these challenges?

Stephen Miller: It's simply put, it's a war on democracy. President Trump was elected on a mandate to secure the border, to stop the invasion, to send illegal aliens home. You cannot have a situation where one district court judge or a cabal of 10 or 15 district judges who are radical left sitting in strictly regional courtrooms can conspire with each other to shut down the operations of the federal law enforcement.

Stephen Miller: That is not only antithetical to democracy, it is a form, a direct form of tyranny, in which the people of this country have been told that you cannot have the thing that you voted for, even when the thing that you voted for is required by law. All these individual, by law, have no right to be here and must be sent home.

Stephen Miller: None of the people that Biden let in have a legitimate asylum claim, have a legitimate claim to relief, have any right or basis to be inside the United States. And now we see a move by the media to say that some subset of the 10, 15, 20 million illegals that Biden went in, who knowing they are here illegally, choose to stay, choose to have children.

Stephen Miller: But then we should take the view, oh, you beat the system, you trespassed in our country, you failed to leave, you failed to comply with our laws and now you've had a child and now what, you get amnesty for life? And what we should ask, what a laid off worker in Ohio to now pay for welfare for your entire life, we should ask somebody who lost their job, uh, under a factory that closed down under Joe Biden, to provide you with free education and free health.

Stephen Miller: You should wait an extra hour or two hours when your kid is sick in the emergency room because you have hundreds of illegals getting front line care at an ER because they don't have health insurance, they don't have a job, they don't have any savings. They're here to live off of us, but we should ask struggling Americans to pay for all of that?

Stephen Miller: The whole thing is obscene and it's absurd.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Stephen --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Stephen Miller: I can't even imagine how much time we spent debating how much generosity, how many billions of taxpayer dollars, how much amnesty, how many reprieves we should give to people who chose to come here illegally and take from us, and our people. The whole conversation is absurd and offensive.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Stephen --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Stephen, can you give us an update on how the president's meeting with Speaker Johnson went today?

Stephen Miller: No, not right now. Yes.

Question: How important is it to you to have public opinion on your side? Do you risk losing hearts and minds --

Stephen Miller: Well, even a CBS poll showed overwhelming public support for mass deportation, support for deporting illegal aliens is overwhelmingly popular as is shutting down welfare, as is removing criminal threats as is dismantling foreign criminal gangs. This whole thing is just amazing to me. We have an entire media ecosystem, an entire political party devoted singularly to the defense and protection of illegal aliens in general, and illegal alien criminals in particular.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: I have a question about --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: -- deportations? How are you -- how the Mexican government dealt with illegal immigration and is what they've done enough in your mind for --

Stephen Miller: Thanks to President Trump's leadership, Mexican government has done more than they've ever done, but it's not even close to what we need, and what the president said. There's much more that we expect from Mexico, particularly in regards to the fentanyl threat.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Stephen, the president --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: -- [Inaudible] on their own.

Stephen Miller: Yes.

Question: Is that still in the works?

Stephen Miller: Oh, absolutely.

Question: -- is there a cost estimate for how much that will cost, will you need Congress to act on that?

Stephen Miller: Well, it'll actually save us hundreds of billions of dollars. So, the -- a single illegal alien family over the course of his lifetime may cost the US taxpayers over $1 million. So, when you give an illegal immigrant a check, for say, $1,000, $2,000, whatever it may be, $3,000 to leave the country, you're saving taxpayers hundreds of thousands of dollars.

Stephen Miller: It also saves money relative to us having to go out and find that illegal alien and physically arrest them and deport them, which of course we will still do. So, the plan that President Trump has put into place is very simple, if you choose to stay here unlawfully, you will be fined and by law that fine, by the law Congress has passed, the $1,000 each day you stay past your removal order, that's a law that Congress passed, a law that we're being told we should ignore, that's democracy apparently is the media says we should ignore the laws Congress has passed, but Congress is clear on this.

Stephen Miller: You face arrest for illegal work, you face arrest for document theft, you face arrest for failure to register, as required by law. You face arrest for evading or obstructing your removal and you also face deportation at the time and place of our choosing; including the total confiscation and forfeiture of all of your assets.

Stephen Miller: Or you can choose to book a free flight and get a check and go home on your own terms, with your possession, very happily and live your life in your home country. I've got time for two more questions.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Stephen -- Are you frustrated or mad at the Supreme Court for keeping the TDA deportation stay in effect?

Stephen Miller: Well, the FBI released an assessment, as I'm sure you've seen, that not only is Tren de Aragua acting as an arm of the Maduro regime, but they're actively planning assassination plots on US soil. This is horrifying and its heroine. This is a foreign terrorist organization operating in the direction and control of an adversarial foreign regime, and we hope and expect we'll be allowed to remove these terrorists from our soil as quickly and expeditiously as possible.

Stephen Miller: One last question.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: As a [Inaudible] you keep talking about your dissatisfaction with federal district judges and after that, at what point will the administration accept a decision of the courts, even if it's not in its favor?

Stephen Miller: I don't understand what you're asking, like what?

Question: At what point --

Stephen Miller: What did --

Question: Would you only accept a decision of a court if it's in the --

Stephen Miller: [Inaudible]. Because the Supreme Court's ruling, the administration is operating under a TRO, a temporary restraining order, on the Alien Enemies Act for illegal alien foreign terrorists who are plotting on US soil, right? That's really the issue that's in effect. I don't understand the question. I'll take one more question.

Question: Question on a million deportations. Do you feel like you can get a million deportations year?

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: You only had 139,000 so far.

Stephen Miller: Yes.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Can you --

Stephen Miller: I'll do you, then you.

Question: Can you -- can you comment on Planned Parenthood sponsored today's playbook? I'm just curious how you feel about that?

Stephen Miller: Well, I'm not -- I'm not shocked or surprised.

Question: Uh, you want to hit a million deportations this year at least. You're at 139,000. Can you still hit a million this year?

Stephen Miller: Well, the rate of deportation is increasing every single day. Remember we inherited a system that was completely shut down, it was completely broke. And now President Trump is working with the overwhelming backing and support of the American public to get that system operating at full speed and efficiency.

Stephen Miller: Once we clear away some of these rogue district court injunctions, we'll be able to operate with an even greater degree of force and speed. So, I think we will vastly exceed that number in addition to all of the self-deportations that are occurring and will continue to occur. And once we're able to begin applying these increasingly significant consequences, financially and criminally, for illegal aliens who choose to remain, we will see even faster and quicker voluntary departures from the United States.

Stephen Miller: Bottom line is that the president is going to continue and expand and accelerate the effort to remove from our midst people who have no lawful right to be here and we will do so without apology. Thank you.