Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-briefing-alina-habba-the-white-house-march-17-2025

Alina Habba: Hi, guys, how are you? You still have questions? Didn't Karoline answer everybody's questions? I thought she did a great job.

Question: Do you mind just elaborating on how many flights there were?

Alina Habba: No, I'm not getting into the details of that. Karoline gave you all the information. She went into the numbers. She gave you the breakdown of who was on there. We know what we're doing and obviously there's a court hearing at 4:00. As an attorney, I know better than to speak before the lawyers on -- on record.

Question: And then [Inaudible] clarify? Were these -- the individuals on the flights --

Alina Habba: Yes.

Question: -- were they already in jails and deported or were they rounded up [Inaudible]

Alina Habba: So, as I said, again, Karoline spoke to this. I'm going to refer to her and defer to her. And also, I think that given that there's a hearing in just a couple hours, I'm going to let the lawyers speak to that on the record and answer all the judge's questions, which we always do. We cooperate and we -- we tend to be in court a lot.

Alina Habba: It's just -- it's what they like to do. These rogue judges have to stop. This is an executive decision and -- and we are trying to make America safe again. We are doing a great job of it and this is a big part of it. These people are not -- they're not well liked in this country. They are not welcome. They have hurt so many people.

Alina Habba: I've been focused on human trafficking, human extortion and the things that I have seen are so disturbing, I cannot even tell you. And when you learn about what happens to these individuals, some of them that come in that they don't even know they're getting trafficked, they come in and they go into states and then they think they're getting taken care of by some friend and are extorted, sexually, labor, the list goes on and on. It's disgusting.

Alina Habba: It has to stop and we have to make America safe again. Yes?

Question: [Inaudible] Enemies Act is something that is used in times of war.

Alina Habba: Right.

Question: In the president's mind, is declaring someone a foreign terrorist organization the same as declaring war?

Alina Habba: So, perhaps you need me to say this and I'm happy to say it. I'm not speaking for the president. I think the president is one mission and that was the mission he was given on November 5th. We have a war on fentanyl crisis. We have a war against sex trafficked children. We have a war against criminals coming into our country and hurting American citizens.

Alina Habba: So, if you want to call it that, feel free. It doesn't matter. He has the power under Article Two to do what he did. He designated them a terrorist organization. They have no business coming in. And while we love immigrants coming in the right way, you will not come into this country and hurt Americans and be a gang member and come in illegally and think that you will not be held accountable.

Alina Habba: Thank you.

Question: How many people -- how many people from those Tren de Aragua are left to be deported?