Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-briefing-brooke-rollins-the-white-house-february-26-2025

Brooke Rollins: All right, y'all want to talk eggs.

Question: Yeah.

Brooke Rollins: Let's do it.

Question: Hey, excuse me -- oh, sorry, sorry. This layout -- succinct to what the plan actually is.

Brooke Rollins: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Absolutely. So, first of all, thank you all so much. Uh, really great to be here to get to talk about this. Clearly, one of the key issues facing America today are the egg prices. And the president has made it one of his priorities from minute one, that we bring those prices down for consumers while protecting America's farmers.

Brooke Rollins: And very quickly, you can see here this chart the prices of eggs under Biden, um, have just skyrocketed. Under Trump, went down a little bit. Uh, Obama went up a little bit. So, it's more than just the avian flu, but certainly that has been the driver. So, just this morning -- I'm going to hand this back off.

Brooke Rollins: So, just this morning, we announced the plan to uh, first of all, attack the avian flu and how we pull it back out of our poultry producers, but secondly, how we bring the cost of eggs down. So, that plan has five parts. The first part is a biosecurity part and what that means is that how do we lock our poultry barns down?

Brooke Rollins: How do we ensure that our egg laying chickens aren't getting this disease? Mostly it comes from wild fowl that fly over or get into barns. So, USDA will be producing, at no charge, an audit to every single egg farmer in this country. And -- and then we will help them secure their barns. Of 150 pilot projects on this exact project, only one has gotten the avian flu since the USDA came in and helped lock those barn down.

Brooke Rollins: So, that's first. Secondly, we're going to work to move much more quickly on repopulating the 160 million birds that have been culled in just the last few months. So, what do we need to do to get regulations out of the way to help indemnify these poultry producers to start repopulating much more quickly than we've been doing?

Brooke Rollins: Third is a deregulation effort, that is ensuring that the rules that have been layered on our producers, our egg producers, over the last really four years that we begin to peel those back. That will allow costs to come down. That's a little bit more long term, but really important. There are some rules in play that are costing the eggs to go up without the avian flu as part of it. Uh, the fourth is we're looking to import eggs in the short term.

Brooke Rollins: This is just on the cost piece. We're already in discussions, um, there's been, you know, if you dig around, you'll kind of figure out which countries. But we're talking to three or four countries right now about getting between 70 and 100 million eggs into the country, uh, in the next month or two, which of course will help with supply and demand.

Brooke Rollins: And then the final more long term is putting significant funds into vaccine and therapeutic research. Uh, our egg layers and our broilers, our poultry industry does not use vaccinations right now. A lot of the industry believes on the egg laying side that we should, but it isn't a proven vaccine yet. And so, I was hesitant in rolling anything out that would require more vaccinations without understanding first exactly what it solved the problem.

Brooke Rollins: Mexico vaccinates their egg layers and they still are hit with about 80 percent even vaccinated with this avian flu. So, instead we're going to put some significant funding into researching how we get to that point. And the way I would think about it is it's almost like the flu vaccine, right. Most people get it, but it only works one out of every two or three times.

Brooke Rollins: Before we start sticking our chickens, we need to ensure and putting that into the food supply that we know exactly what we're doing. So, that's the five part plan.

Question: And what's a realistic timeline for how long this plan would take action --

Brooke Rollins: Well, we are seeing probably even a little bit more, um, increase up until Easter, which is actually normal because so many eggs are used around Easter. We also have only been in 30 days. I've been in 13 days. Um, we are going -- it's going to take a little while to, to get through, I think, the next month or two, but hopefully by summer.

Question: So, several months?

Brooke Rollins: Yeah, several months. Yes.

Question: Which country --

Brooke Rollins: I don't want to say that just yet.

Question: Can you say [Inaudible] obviously [Inaudible] how are you balancing that with getting that message [Inaudible]

Brooke Rollins: Yeah, so, I obviously fully support DOGE. Um, I, in fact -- I turned in the five big things I've done this last week. I'm very proud of that. I'm proud of the employees at USDA. It's a great question as we look to streamline and make more efficient the US Department of Agriculture, will we have the resources needed to address the plan I just laid out?

Brooke Rollins: We are convinced that we will. As we realign and evaluate where USDA has been spending money, where our employees are spending their time, you know, we've pulled out a lot of the DEI initiatives. We've -- we've stopped -- we had almost a thousand trainings we canceled on DEI on my first day on the job. We've got a lot of employees that now we will begin to recalibrate and redirect towards supporting our ag industries.

Question: [Inaudible]

Brooke Rollins: I do not. I do not, no.

Question: Can you give us one or two examples of regulations that you want to roll back?

Brooke Rollins: I think that we are looking at specific rules in terms of pricing and transparency. And not that we're not 100 percent for transparency, but all of that needs to be looked at. The big one honestly is Prop 12 in California that has caused a lot of prices to go up. The average doesn't eggs in California is $9.58, but because of -- and it's $5 around the country.

Brooke Rollins: So it's almost twice as much. What Prop 12 did is it had certain regulations and requirements for pieces, parts of our livestock that really caused prices to go up and it didn't just affect California, it affects the rest of the country because California imports and exports, agricultural products.

Question: I'm curious about the vaccine piece of this. I mean, can you -- do you have a -- do you have a timeline for that or how you expect that works?

Brooke Rollins: So, there's a lot of work that has already been done. Clearly, um, I don't know the exact number. I have it in my head, but I don't want to say it in case it's wrong, but it's right around a dozen or more countries that currently use a vaccine. So, it's not that it's a brand new idea and there are a lot of people in the country -- we got a lot of feedback from those who think that's the immediate solution and that we should be doing it. It has been tested around the world.

Brooke Rollins: Uh, when we really dug in and talking to our CDC, our Center for Disease Control, our NIH, um, some of the key veterinarians around the country. Next week, I'm going to a facility in Athens, Georgia with University of Georgia that goes into this specifically within livestock. Uh, as I do that, a lot of the feedback I got was, as I mentioned, that it could be a solution, but to push that out now and require it, we're just not ready.

Brooke Rollins: We don't have enough information and we need to fully understand how it will affect the food supply. So, those are all really, really important questions that I think have to be answered. So, we've got $100 million of that billion dollar plan that will be focused specifically on vaccines, but not just on vaccines and therapeutics.

Brooke Rollins: Is there a way to address the avian flu with therapeutics, not just vaccine?

Question: Thank you, secretary. [Inaudible] ask how you get [Inaudible] What is your message to your cabinet colleagues, the president, as well as other countries about how to balance that? Are you worried that American farmers are getting caught up in this trade war?

Brooke Rollins: The American farmers and ranchers are very concerned about this. This was really the theme -- the coming, and current tariff negotiations that are happening. Throughout my hearing and preparing for my hearing, all my confirmation meetings, both Republicans and Democrats on the AG committee, obviously all brought this up. I just finished speaking to all of our state ag commissioners, both Republican and Democrat this morning, uh, with a lot of other friends of agriculture.

Brooke Rollins: But what I know is this, President Trump has a vision. His idea of using tariffs in his toolkit has proven very successful the first time. I have no doubt it will be successful again. My job is to defend the agriculture interests in those discussions and the multiples of conversations I've had with President Trump about this, he has continually said, please assure our farmers and ranchers that I have their backs.

Brooke Rollins: Please assure them that we understand where they are in the discussions, the negotiations and economically the straights that are currently being faced and that at the end of this -- at the end of this, our farmers and ranchers will be more prosperous and see more prosperity than ever before. Thank you all so much.

Brooke Rollins: Really good to be with you all. Thank you for the opportunity.

Question: Thank you.