Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-briefing-tom-homan-the-white-house-may-29-2025

Question: How important is it for you to have public support for the deportations?

Tom Homan: Extremely important. I mean, I hope most Americans agree that public safety threats and national security threats shouldn't be walking the streets of this country, especially if they're here illegally. So yeah, we like, like all the support we can get. I think we got the support of the majority of American people according to the polls, right?

Question: So, Stephen Miller told the ICE officials that they need to be arresting 3,000 people a day. How soon do you expect that can actually happen, and is that enough?

Tom Homan: Look, I, I've said from day one, you guys ask me this question a lot of times, "Am I happy with the removal, uh, removal numbers? Am I happy with the arrest numbers?" I've been fair with you. I said, "The numbers are better than Biden, but they're not good enough." I said, "I, I'm not satisfied with the numbers, so we need to increase." I mean, you look at the recent numbers, we got like 600,000 illegal aliens walking the streets of this country with criminal convictions or pending criminal charges.

Tom Homan: So yeah, we need to do more. President Trump made a promise to the American people. The American people put him in office, and his top issue was immigration enforcement. So yeah, we, I have not been satisfied with the numbers. Kristi Noem, Steve Miller, myself, we all want more numbers. So we've increased the teams a lot.

Tom Homan: We're increased targeting a lot, so we expect a, a, a, a, a fast increase in number of arrests every day.

Question: DHS says that assaults on ICE officers are up over 400%. Does that track with what you see? Can you speak to that?

Tom Homan: Yeah, the assaults on ICE officer are high. The, the, the doxxing of ICE officers are at an all time high. And people always complain. Some of you here say, "Why are they wearing masks?" Because they're trying to protect themselves and their families. They got a dangerous job to do and they're being doxxed every day across this country.

Tom Homan: I've experienced it myself 100 times, but I, I'm willing to take that because of, you know, the position I hold. And, uh, you know we're not running a popularity contest, we're trying to enforce the laws and act like Congress, do it in a smart, effective way. So yeah, the assaults are up, and it won't be tolerated.

Tom Homan: We've already show, you put a hands on an ICE officer, you can be prosecuted to the highest extents of the law. So we're not pl- -- we're, we're not playing with thas- -- w- -- w- -- with any threats against ICE officers. Doxxing, we're going to look at doxxing. We're going to take action on that also. Anything else?

Question: What kind of numbers do you have for self deportation?

Tom Homan: Last time I saw, it was right around 8,500 as far as the CBP Home app. There's a lot, there's thousands of deportation, but they're not going through the app, they're just leaving. They tell us, your support is showing traffic going south down to Mexico, but even the Darién Gap. So there's a lot of self deporta- -- so, I hope they take advantage of it. Because, you know, they can leave on their own terms, get their affairs together, or we can go find them and formally deport them, which is gonna set a bar against them coming back to the country under a legal program.

Tom Homan: So they should self deport, give themself and opportunity, maybe in the future to come back as a visitor or a tourist, or maybe they have a US citizen child, they can petition for them. But we have to formally go through the process of seeking them out and formally deporting them. There's a statutory bar placed against them from ever coming back to the country.

Question: Did you expect though that those numbers would be higher, given the [Inaudible]

Tom Homan: I think the -- as, as, as they see the ICE arrests in the, in the, in the interior increase, which is where you're gonna see a, a vast increase in arrests, I think they're gonna realize, we can do this under ICE control, we can arrest you at a place and remove you. Or you can take it upon yourself to work with ICE, get your arrangements in order, whether it's your home, your, your belongings, your, your family, and leave on your own.

Tom Homan: We'll, we'll give you a plane flight, we'll give you a, a, give you some money. Or you, you, we can just go through ICE process. I think the more they see ICE out there on the streets arresting people and holding them accountable, the more they'll take advantage of doing the right thing.

Question: And one more, more question. Uh, there, there's [Inaudible] of the [Inaudible] that are still happening. Where are the migrants [Inaudible] from? Still Central America, or are we --

Tom Homan: Right now it's, right now it's a lot of, lot of Mexican nationals.

Question: Part of, part of Elon Musk's team was finding thousands of people using the same social security number. Is there no way to stop the flow to them so they [Inaudible] I mean, that seems to be --

Tom Homan: I can't -- I, what? I can't hear the question.

Question: Part of Elon Musk's team found that thousands of people were using the same social security number. So one of the main reasons they were able to work is they're using false social security [Inaudible]. Is there no way to stop the money flow to cause them -- If they don't have a job, they leave [Inaudible]

Tom Homan: We're all over that.

Question: [Inaudible]

Tom Homan: We're all over the issues of social security numbers. And, and we're tracking that. And that, that, that as it actually comes up, provides a lot of leads for us to find these people.

Question: Mr. Homan, w- -- what's the reason why ICE is, uh, apparently targeting Martha's Vineyard in Nantucket? Can you give assurances that that is not for polit- --

Tom Homan: Say that again.

Question: Apparently there's been a lot of ICE activity yesterday in Nantucket and Martha's Vineyard. Is that -- Can you confirm that? And is that being done for political [Inaudible]

Tom Homan: No.

Question: Is it a [Inaudible]

Tom Homan: Martha's Vineyards isn't off the table. It's part of the country. W- -- we're, we're doing immigration actions, we're all throughout the country. We're not, we're not saying we're gonna favor one area over another. We're all over the country in every neighborhood, in every city. And you're gonna see an expansion of that. Like I just said, we're gonna increase the teams greatly. So, you're gonna see more teams on the streets than you've ever seen before. You're gonna see more work site enforcement than you've ever seen in the history of this nation. You got sanctuary cities. How I said, we're gonna flood the zone. If we can't arrest a bad guy in the jail, one agent arrest a bad guy in the jail, in the safety and security of a jail, which is safer for the officer, safer for the alien, and safer of the community -- okay? You're gonna force him in the community to find him. If we can't find him in the community, we're gonna find them at the work site. So we're, so we're gonna flood the zone and, and sanctuary cities will get exactly what they don't want. More agents in their neighborhoods, more work site enforcement. Because we're gonna get the bad guy. If you wanna make it difficult for us, we'll do it. It'll take more time. It's less efficient, but we're not gonna stop until we find that guy.

Question: And so is that just sort of a general sweep of the [Inaudible] whatever businesses there are in Nantucket?

Tom Homan: There is no sanctuary for illegal aliens in this country. You can call it a sanctuary jurisdiction all you want. It's a bunch of crap, and we all know it. Sanctuary jurisdiction says, "Well, we wanna protect the immigrant community. We want them, the victims, the witness of a crime, to be able to come to the police report, report a crime without fear that we're working with ICE." That is a bunch of garbage. Because victims and witnesses of crime don't want the bad guy in their neighborhood either. They want us in jail arresting that bad guy. That'll be made much easier, much more efficient. But because they're enforcing in neighborhoods, more non-criminal targets are being arrested. Because ICE agents are not gonna walk away from illegal aliens. You force us to go find the bad guy. Many times they're with others at a work site. Go look for the bad guy. There's 10 more illegal aliens there. They're coming too. So, I don't wanna hear sanctuary cities complaining. "Well, look at all these collateral arrests and non-criminal targets you're arresting." You've forced me in that position. So, we're gonna enforce the law. Unlike the last administration, the Secretary Mayorkas just told ICE, "You can't enforce immigration law. If they're not convicted of a serious crime, you can't arrest them for just being here illegally." That sent a message to the entire world, "You can enter this country illegally," which is a crime. But as long as you never get convicted of a, of a serious crime, you're free. No one's looking for you. Game's change. We got the greatest president in the history of this nation sitting in the Oval Office who's gonna enforce immigration law and keep his promise to the American people to make this country safe again.

Question: Can you just talk with me about the social media account [Inaudible] that the Department of Homeland Security [Inaudible] for [Inaudible]

Tom Homan: I can't hear her.

Question: The scrutiny of social media accounts that foreign exchange students are now being connected to. Can you talk a little bit about that, why you're doing that now?

Tom Homan: Look, we look, we look at a lot of different ways to find people we need to find whether it's a criminal history, immigration history, social media, undercover operations, surveillance. There's a whole myriad of, of law enforcement systems we use to find people and see are people are danger to the community. Social media is one of them.

Question: [Inaudible] concerned --

Tom Homan: And we'll continue to use it.

Question: -- about the free speech aspect though?

Tom Homan: We don't arrest anybody for free speech. I mean, free speech is legal, but there's a limit to that too. I can't look at you and, and ask, and, and make a comment about my desire to assassinate a president. Is that not free speech, or is that a crime? I can't sit in a movie theater and yell, "Fire!" and watch people get trampled to death. Is that free speech or is it a crime? There's a limit to free speech, but we're not arresting people based on free speech. It's what they said plus what they did.

Aide: Thank you.

Question: How is that, how --

Aide: Thank you.