Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-briefing-adam-boehler-the-white-house-february-12-2025

Question: -- for clarity, so we know exactly who these three individuals are? What can you tell us about the individuals?

Adam Boehler: Yeah, so one is a -- yeah, we have -- we have a little sheet too. One is a US citizen that wants to remain private at this point. So, we'll respect that. Um, we have another person, um, that is actually a well-known journalist, um, that was working at, uh, Radio, Liberty.

Question: Their nationality is?

Adam Boehler: Uh, they are -- I believe they're Belarusian. Uh, and then there's a third. I'm not sure nationality, but not American. And one of the interesting things here too is two weeks ago, uh, there was a fourth. So, two weeks ago, Anastasia was released and this was Phase 1 of what we hoped would be all of them.

Adam Boehler: Um, and so it's actually a continuation. So, she's in Texas, uh, right now. Uh, she's great, uh, but we kept it a little bit quieter than we normally would because we thought, OK, this could be Phase 1, let's get Phase 2, and that was done today.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Can you -- Oh, go ahead. What were they being held for what did Belarus say --

Adam Boehler: A variety of things. Usually when people are held, there's some sort of like espionage, maybe religion stuff. I think we have specifics on each one of them, but they're the kind of charges you would expect when people want to come up with charges.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: -- being held in Belarus?

Adam Boehler: That's right, yes.

Question: And what's your name, sorry?

Adam Boehler: Uh, I don't know offhand. I don't -- yeah. Anastasia's first name is so -- you know, it's like it's like Madonna that I just end up sticking with it sometimes. [Laughter]

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: In Belarus -- Russia, what has sort of cleared the logjam overall here?

Adam Boehler: Definitely, the president of the United States. Uh, I mean, I firmly believe that a lot of these issues wouldn't have happened if he were president, some of the broader issues. But when he comes -- I mean, he's made bringing Americans home a top priority and people respond to that, um. And so, I think when you see the president of Belarus doing that, whether people like him, whether they don't -- it's definitely somebody trying to change the tone with the administration knowing that the president of United States cares about getting citizens back.

Question: Is he being hard-edged in his negotiations and they're trying to curry favor or is it trying to signal a new sort of relationship?

Adam Boehler: I -- I will say, in my opinion, the smartest countries, the smartest countries are unilaterally stepping forward and we don't even ask or we say this would be interesting and they come up with it. And so, some of these things, I know, you know, everybody thinks about deals here, the smartest thing you can do to curry favor with the president of United States is bring Americans home.

Adam Boehler: He's been clear about that. So, that's what the best are doing.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: On other hostages in other countries, president -- when he signed the maximum pressure on Iran, he mentioned that Iran should release all American hostages. Can you confirm that Iran is holding American?

Adam Boehler: Iran has Americans, yes.

Question: How many?

Adam Boehler: I don't know if I'm at liberty to say.

Question: Could you confirm?

Adam Boehler: Yes.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Can you detail for us any of the calls? The president obviously played a critical role in this. Can you detail? We know he had a conversation with Putin today. He talked to Zelenskyy today. Has he spoken to the Belarusian President? Some of the conversations to pull back the curtain a bit on his involvement in this direction.

Adam Boehler: The president is deeply involved in all of these conversations. He speaks with the hostages, obviously, you know his involvement yesterday and so it depends on the situation. What ends up happening usually is he'll empower his team. He'll say I want this person out. We come up with options, he approves them.

Adam Boehler: And so -- and then usually makes calls after. He loves meeting with the Americans that are coming home, that makes a big difference and you can see the personal relationship.

Question: Did he speak with the Belarusian leader in any form since he took office?

Adam Boehler: I don't believe. I am not sure of that, so I don't want to answer incorrectly.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: -- relationship with Vladimir Putin and help in that -- in that exchange since the Lukashenko is a really close ally of Vladimir Putin. Did that help in this?

Adam Boehler: Not to my knowledge.

Question: Are you in contact with the Iranians over those Americans held in Iran?

Adam Boehler: We're always in contact through lots of channels, any American held anywhere.

Question: Are they doing nationals or just Americans?

Adam Boehler: Again, I'm not at liberty to say.

Question: What was MBS's role in getting Marc Fogel released and why did he get involved?

Adam Boehler: Uh, I'm not -- I don't know that answer.

Aide: OK, thanks guys.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Did we -- did we exchange anyone else in release for these three?

Adam Boehler: No, this was a unilateral release. Unilateral as well as Anastasia before.

Question: Can we wait for the Venezuelan government to release the rest of the Americans?

Adam Boehler: I think the Venezuelan government absolutely should. I think they took a big step forward and releasing those to Rick Grenell and I think that they should release the rest. Um, I -- so we're not -- I will tell you this administration and this president are not going to forget about any Americans. So, it will be down to the last one.

Adam Boehler: We will push across the world. So, I think it would be very smart of Venezuela to release the rest of the hostages that they have.

Question: Now that we appreciate you yesterday, the conversation, but there's one more American coming. Is there -- do you have any tease for us right now?

Adam Boehler: No teases now.

Question: OK. I appreciate.

Adam Boehler: Thank you. I appreciate it guys.

Question: Thank you. Thank you.