Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-briefing-kevin-hassett-the-white-house-february-7-2025

Question: Sir, do you mind stopping and talking with us for a second?

Kevin Hassett: I'm happy to talk, yeah.

Question: Thank you.

Kevin Hassett: It's a beautiful day too.

Question: It is a beautiful day. I guess first we could get your reaction to the jobs report if you want to start there.

Kevin Hassett: Oh, sure, thank you. Um -- and because it's been a while since I've been here, I know I see a lot of familiar faces and some new ones. So, if folks could just identify themselves so that I learn your names as we speak, I'd really appreciate it.

Question: I'm Kelly [Inaudible].

Kevin Hassett: Hey, Kelly, and I'm Kevin. Um, yeah, I think the big news for us is that, uh, it was a weak jobs number. And the downward revisions, which we've seen a pattern of, uh, over the last few years, were really, really stunningly bad, uh, that the Biden jobs record was about a million workers worse than we thought yesterday.

Kevin Hassett: Uh, and so, when you're thinking about what this does to markets and to, uh, you know, inflation and so on, be mindful of the fact that we just had, uh, the biggest downward revision for the American jobs record that we've had since 2009. Uh, and that's the news of the jobs report is the massive downward revision. And so for some reason, the government was overstating the Biden's jobs record month after month after month.

Kevin Hassett: And now that President Trump's in, they've decided there's no political gain for doing that, I guess. And so, they've revised it back to the truth. And the truth is that we're inheriting a very difficult jobs market because of Joe Biden's terrible policies.

Question: Can I ask you quickly too, on the conversations today with Japan around trade, should they be concerned about any tariffs being placed against them?

Kevin Hassett: The president is going to meet -- will be in some of those meetings with our Japanese counterparts and after the meeting we'll be -- of course, give you a readout on what happened. Does anyone else have anything? OK. Well, thank you guys very much. Have a great night.

Question: One more question since no one else is here. On China talks, can you give an update around what the conversations have looked like around China as they are expecting to place their own tariffs back next week?

Kevin Hassett: Yeah, there's nothing to report right now.

Question: OK. Thanks. Thank you.

Kevin Hassett: Thank you.

Question: Thank you. I appreciate the time.