Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-conference-briefing-karoline-leavitt-may-20-2025

Karoline Leavitt: Hello, everybody. Hi, everybody. Hi, guys. Good afternoon, everyone. It is such a pleasure to see so many beautiful faces in this room and so many future leaders. Hi, Eloise. You look so cute back there. I'm so excited to host this briefing today in honor of National Bring Your Kids to Work Day, and it's great to see so many future leaders here.

Karoline Leavitt: Welcome to the James S. Brady Briefing Room.

Karoline Leavitt: My name is Karoline Leavitt, and I am the White House press secretary for President Donald J. Trump. He is the 45th and now the 47th president of the United States. My job at the White House is to communicate the president's message to the American people and to answer questions from journalists, who work in this building every day, many of whom are your moms and your dads.

Karoline Leavitt: Now they ask me some pretty good questions, but I'm sure you will all have excellent questions to ask me yourselves. So, before we open it up to questions today, I will give you a very short update on what the president is working on today. Earlier this morning, President Trump traveled to Capitol Hill to meet with members of the House of Representatives to talk about the One Big, Beautiful Bill that we are trying to pass through Congress.

Karoline Leavitt: The president is now back at the White House where he is taking meetings, and later this afternoon he will be making an announcement from the Oval Office with our Secretary of Defense. He's in charge of our military, Pete Hegseth. So, I want to thank all of you for coming today. It's great to have you here at the people's House.

Karoline Leavitt: And you have some very special parents who perform a very special job. And we are here to make America great again and we live in the best country in the history of the world, and we are all very blessed to be here. So, with that, thank you. I am happy to take some of your questions. And why don't you start us off, beautiful little girl, go ahead.

Unidentified: What's your question for Mr. Trump's press secretary?

Karoline Leavitt: She's thinking very hard about it.

Unidentified: You can ask it, you can ask it. She wants to know if Donald Trump likes to give hugs.

Karoline Leavitt: Oh, does he like to give hugs? You know, I think he does, I have seen him give many hugs to children and his family and our beautiful First Lady. So, yes, I do think he likes to give hugs. You're welcome. Emily, would you like to ask a question?

Question: Yes, what is the funnest part about your job and the hardest part about your job?

Karoline Leavitt: Well, that is definitely a very good question. I think the most fun part about my job is doing things like this with all of you in the briefing room and answering so many great questions. I think the hardest part of my job is also doing things like this in the briefing room and answering all of these questions and reading the news is a big part of my job.

Karoline Leavitt: Every day, I wake up and read the newspaper and watch the news and listen to all of the things that your parents are reporting on in the news and that's a big part of my job every day. Frankie, go ahead.

Question: [Inaudible]

Karoline Leavitt: What is President Trump's favorite food? Well, President Trump loves a lot of different foods, but I think his favorite is probably steak. I've had steak with him on many occasions and he likes to eat a big, beautiful steak. Do you like steak, Frankie? Yes. OK. Jack, nice to see you. I like your hat. You're welcome.

Karoline Leavitt: Would you like to ask a question?

Question: What's the state of the border?

Karoline Leavitt: What's the state of the border? I can assure you the border is the most secure it has ever been in the history of our country, and I think your dad works for the Homeland Security Council. So, that's a very apropos question and your dad's doing a great job securing the border. Hazel Jane, what a beautiful name.

Karoline Leavitt: Would you like to ask a question? OK.

Question: Actually, can you come back to me?

Karoline Leavitt: Sure, we can come back to you. I'd be happy to. Bobby Lynn?

Question: How many people has he fired?

Karoline Leavitt: How many people has he fired? Thus far, actually, we have not had anyone fired with the exception of one individual who did leave their job. But we have a great team here, so far so good. Thank you for the question. Yes, little man, is that your mommy. Your mommy is a great journalist. What's your question?

Unidentified: What's Donald Trump's favorite ice cream, he wants to know.

Karoline Leavitt: I have seen the president eat ice cream sundaes before with chocolate sauce and some toppings too. Raise your hand if you like ice cream sundaes. It's a very popular policy position to have. Yes, very good. Dario, would you like to go?

Question: What is the president -- if the president had a superpower, what would it be?

Karoline Leavitt: Wow. If the president could have a superpower, what would it be? That is a very good question. I think if he had a superpower, it would be to just snap his fingers and solve all of our country's problems just like that, because he likes to get things done very quickly. But sometimes it takes a little bit longer.

Karoline Leavitt: Like today, he had to go to Capitol Hill to convince people to vote for his One Big, Beautiful Bill. I bet if he had a superpower, he would snap his fingers and get it passed immediately, but life doesn't work that way, unfortunately. Go ahead, buddy.

Question: What is Donald Trump's favorite soccer player?

Karoline Leavitt: Favorite soccer player? You know, I don't know the answer to that. It's a very good question. I will check in with the president and get back to you. How's that sound? But I know he likes soccer, and he likes all sports. Go ahead.

Question: [Inaudible] leave the country like each week?

Karoline Leavitt: Does he leave the country each week? No, he doesn't. We left the country last week and we went on a long trip to the Middle East, very far away. But we have some plans to leave the country later this year. But most weeks, he's right here at the White House working very hard. Nora, go ahead.

Question: Which is Donald Trump's favorite president besides himself.

Karoline Leavitt: That's a good question because it would be probably himself. No, I think that perhaps he would say George Washington. I know he speaks very highly of George Washington, who was of course, the first president of our great country. And he has his big, beautiful portrait hanging in the Oval Office above the fireplace.

Karoline Leavitt: Good question. Go ahead. You look very professional and beautiful.

Question: Thank you so much.

Karoline Leavitt: You're welcome.

Question: What's it like -- what -- for you -- I have a question for you. What is it like balancing a baby and your job as the president's press secretary as your age?

Karoline Leavitt: Sure. It's a very good question and my baby is here with my mother. As you can see, he does not know what's going on. But it is a challenge every day, but it's also a blessing to have this opportunity and to be a mom. So, you have to learn to prioritize your time and lean on your support system, which is my mother and my husband and my family and friends.

Karoline Leavitt: And you can do it, you just have to work very hard. Yes.

Question: Hi, my name is [Inaudible] Victoria. My mom is Arianna Perez.

Karoline Leavitt: Oh, nice to meet you.

Question: My question is, as press secretary -- as the youngest press secretary, what advice would you give to young girls like me, who want to achieve their dreams?

Karoline Leavitt: It's a great question and you're so beautiful. My best advice would be to work as hard as you possibly can and just pursue every opportunity that opens up and is given to you. And just work, work, work as hard as you can.

Question: Thank you so much.

Karoline Leavitt: You're welcome. Behind you. Yeah.

Question: What is Donald Trump willing to do about climate change?

Karoline Leavitt: What is Donald Trump going to do about climate change? Well, that is a very good question. The president cares very much about our environment. He says all the time he wants to have the cleanest air, the cleanest water, the cleanest environment for the world. He also cares very much about our energy independence and ensuring that we can keep the lights on in our homes at a very cheap rate.

Karoline Leavitt: So, we want to make energy here in the United States because we do it cleaner and better than everyone. So, I think that's how the president would answer that question. You're welcome. Go ahead.

Question: What is your favorite country that you've been to before?

Karoline Leavitt: What is my favorite country I've been to before? Oh, wow, that's a very good question. Well, I've been to many countries. I lived in Italy for a few months to study, but I very much enjoyed our trip last week to the Middle East where the president went to Qatar, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates.

Karoline Leavitt: And they were three beautiful countries. We'll take a couple more questions. To the back, that beautiful high hand. Go ahead.

Question: What pets did Donald Trump have when he grew up and also right now?

Karoline Leavitt: What was that buddy?

Question: What pets did Donald Trump have when he grew up and also right now?

Karoline Leavitt: Well, he doesn't have any pets right now. I don't know if he had any pets when he was growing up. I'll have to check with him and ask, but there's no pets at the White House right now, except for our great canine Secret Service dog friends that are here to protect us. Hazel Jane, did you remember your question?

Question: Yeah.

Karoline Leavitt: OK, let's hear it.

Question: What's the president's religion?

Karoline Leavitt: What's the president's religion. The president is a Christian and he believes in Jesus. Yes, in the back.

Question: What did the president do today?

Karoline Leavitt: What did the president do today? The president was very busy today. He went to Capitol Hill earlier today, and then he's here back at the White House, and he's doing meetings, and then he's going to do a big announcement at 3:00 where all of your moms and dads will be able to ask him questions directly. Go ahead, buddy.

Question: How much [Inaudible]?

Karoline Leavitt: What was that buddy?

Question: How much [Inaudible] Donald Trump [Inaudible]. How much candy --

Karoline Leavitt: How much candy does he eat a day? A good amount, a good amount of candy, yes. He likes pink Starburst and Tootsie Rolls. Yes, buddy, go ahead. We'll take two more.

Question: What's the president's favorite order at McDonald's?

Karoline Leavitt: The president's favorite order at McDonald's. He loves McDonald's hamburgers and French fries. Who doesn't? They're good. In the back. Go ahead, bud.

Question: Your least favorite news outlet?

Karoline Leavitt: My least favorite what?

Question: News outlet. [Laughter]

Karoline Leavitt: I can tell you're a staff kid, not a journalist. [Laughter] Um, did someone say ABC? Um, it -- honestly, it depends on the day. Go ahead, honey.

Question: What is -- what is Trump's favorite room in the White House?

Karoline Leavitt: Favorite room in the White House. I think his favorite room in the White House is definitely the Oval Office because it's so beautiful, and he has decked it out in gold. It's now MAGA gold in there. Yes, go ahead. One more.

Question: What's his favorite, um, uh, child? [Laughter]

Karoline Leavitt: That is a very controversial question, and I am not going to answer it. I know he loves all of his children very much, and they're all great kids. They were -- some of them were here yesterday. We'll do one more to the little girl in the back behind you, yes.

Question: Who's your favorite President?

Karoline Leavitt: Who's my favorite president? Well, that's a good question to answer. Donald Trump. Thank you, guys. So very much. It's good to see all of you. Thank you for coming. We'll see you later.

Question: Thank you, Karoline.

Karoline Leavitt: You're welcome. Happy National Bring Your Kids to Work Day [Laughter]