Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-briefing-mike-lindell-the-white-house-february-21-2025

Question: Hey, Mike, can you take a few questions? Hi, Mr. Lindell.

Mike Lindell: Hello.

Question: Hey, Mr. Lindell.

Mike Lindell: Hello.

Question: You just met with President Trump. Did you guys discuss election integrity?

Mike Lindell: Yeah, that would be one of them, absolutely. That was, uh, it was an awesome meeting. It was, uh, it was -- I got way more than I ever could imagine, and a lot longer than I thought we'd, you know -- uh, but we went through a legendary -- You know, he wants paper ballots, hand counted, same day voting. He's been, uh, he's been telling us -- telling us that for as long as I have, a long time.

Mike Lindell: Four years. And, uh, uh, yeah, we talked about that. And the -- uh, I don't want to get into details. But, uh, there's other things that, uh, that we talked about too, and, uh, every one of them, he agreed he -- he had his -- he had the lawyers, he brought all them in and said, wow, this -- these things are important to our country.

Mike Lindell: And it wasn't just the election uh, uh, platforms, either. There was other stuff that came up and I wish I could say what they were, but they, uh -- but the lawyers are like, yes, this is very important. Two of the things where he was already way out in front of and I thought that was great. Um, I was surprised.

Mike Lindell: I said, wow, you guys are already on it. You know, I'm all over that. And I can probably say the one thing, um, I know we have companies that are selling, uh -- it affects me, selling uh, Chinese products here, um, the big like Temu and Alibaba. And, uh, and these platforms and they're selling stuff to our country through like Facebook and stuff.

Mike Lindell: And you see these ads and you buy them, it says Made in China, and they're crushing it -- and they're crushing the, uh -- they're crushing our small business. And you know, and the Chinese government is subsidizing they're shipping, you know. I myself am going, how can -- how can stuff be, you know, sold here, uh, individually to customers and shipped that fast to us and, you know, I know how expensive shipping -- now how expensive it can be, and, uh, just because they're getting subsidized.

Question: Right.

Mike Lindell: So -- But I guess, uh, our great president, they're already working on covering that. And you know, he's talked a lot about tariffs and stuff, but they're -- that one lawyer said they're all over that. So, that was really encouraging that, that uh, they're already out in front of everything. And so, I'm going -- wow, he's getting stuff done before you even get there.

Mike Lindell: [Laughter] Right. But it was, uh, it was very exciting. I stood right here on January 15, 2021, right over there where that picture was taken, where I was on my phone and all the media come flying over the hill and, um, um, come running up and they go. I said, would you like me to answer any questions? And they all go, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Mike Lindell: And I said, I changed my mind, y'all find something really nice to say about me, and boy did they. They attacked me for four years, every single day. And, uh, and, uh, it's funny, the night of the election, uh, at the convention center in Florida there in West Palm Beach, they -- all the mad media that attacked me all this time, The Washington Post, the CNN, I think ABC was there, New York Times, all these -- all these reporters that I -- we actually came kind of good friends indirectly, you know, and they -- they said well, Mike, now that you're your friend has won, do you think this election was stolen?

Mike Lindell: And I said -- I said I wouldn't trust any elections that were ever used with computers. 132 countries have banned electronic voting machines and over 100 countries have banned early, early -- and early voting and mail-in voting. We have the worst election platform in the history of the planet and, anyway, they're all five standing there and I said, but I do want to thank all you reporters that have attacked me every day for four years.

Mike Lindell: So, I was able to keep getting the word out and you helped get our great real president, Donald Trump, elected. They all went, no, we didn't. No, we didn't. [Laughter]

Question: So -- so there they are prioritizing election integrity and looking into the 2020 election?

Mike Lindell: They're absolutely prioritizing. They were already on it. They are -- we've got it. It's not just -- you know, I've said it before, the 2020 election will go down as the most important election in history. If we wouldn't have -- if we wouldn't have broke the algorithms there, and all this get exposed, you know, over the last four years and everybody learning how bad it was and where the bad -- where the uniparty is, well, you know, where the -- where all the bad -- you know the deep state globalists, what they were using these computers for, um, it'd be over.

Mike Lindell: I've said it before in my speech at CPAC today, I said, you know if our great president would have been put in back then on December 14, or January 6, or -- that would have been too early because we would have lost our country forever. Now we know from -- we've learned, I gave a -- you know, I have a book this big of all the stuff that we put in, my team that Cause of America, the Election Crime Bureau and all this, we've had thousands, tens of thousands of hours, maybe even millions of hours over the last four years, and all the efforts, and you know, I put tens of millions of dollars into it, and with all the stuff that we've found out and learned and plus in the meantime, people's eyes getting opened, and, um, -- and to what really happened.

Mike Lindell: And they, uh -- we've got about -- the way I see it, about 18 months to secure our elections and get to paper ballots, hand counted, same day voting, voter ID, what a concept. Just like our great real president wants. And, uh, I can just say president now I guess. [Laughter] But, um, and, uh, it's just -- if, uh, if that hadn't happen, this has all been on God's timing.

Mike Lindell: If it hadn't happened that we had these four years, all this stuff would have just been -- wouldn't have been found and it would have been -- he'd have been in for four years and it would have been -- that would have been it. And, uh, now, um, you know, we can't let his -- the time our great President Donald Trump is -- is in here, we can't let this be in vain.

Mike Lindell: We have to change history right now and to make the United States have the most secure election platforms in history so that the whole world can follow suit. We're coming into a time of artificial intelligence and all this technology and we have to have people that are politicians that are elected by the people that work for the people to regulate these things.

Mike Lindell: Can you imagine evil that are just selected or that, you know, that are selected or with -- uh and, uh, you know, running this technology, um, it'd be over.

Question: Right.

Mike Lindell: So we're -- uh, I'm very excited. And the, um, um, they're on it, you know, and, uh, we've got -- um, we're under a time -- we're under a very much time, short time, span here to get this done. Um, I said in my speech at CPAC, I said you know we -- we -- we beat the biggest cover up of the biggest crime in history.

Mike Lindell: Now we've gotten through the cover up and now everybody knows and now it's just like with LindellTV as you see here, everybody, um, we -- we now -- everybody has to just keep getting the word out and educate people on what the -- you know, what are the best practices. What are, you know -- and we can go back and address the 2020, the 2022, all these elections and say, you know, where were the crimes committed and who did it? And then, uh, what did I say many times, melt down the machines and turn them into prison bars.

Mike Lindell: We're going to recycle, you know. Um, so -- the, um -- But yeah, we -- uh, we have to be the country that leads the way. Now the whole world is watching this and, um, you know everybody out there that says, you know, it's the best biggest blessing ever that we have -- that it was too big to rig like he likes to call it too big to rig, but you know what, they're going to be ready next time.

Mike Lindell: We've got to take away their tools to steal and we've got to get that done.

Question: What are you -- what are your thoughts on Elon Musk and all this weaponization of these agencies? I'm sure that you've experienced that with your business is that he's getting rid of a lot of the corruption.

Mike Lindell: With Elon? I think it's --

Question: With Elon, especially when it comes to, you know, the, uh, the -- the federal agencies that regulate companies like MyPillow.

Mike Lindell: Yeah, yeah, no, he's -- he's doing a great job. And I was really -- I was so happy when you go back to, uh -- you go back, um, uh, one year ago or no, it's a little -- a little less than a year now, in June of 2024, Elon came out. He had seen a lot of the stuff that we had uncovered and the stuff of our data and he put out a tweet or an X, or whatever you call it now, and he said we need to get rid of these electronic voting machines and go to paper ballots, hand counted.

Mike Lindell: When he put that out last June, I'm going, yes. One of the smartest men in the world. Uh, and a tech guy that sees it, you know, and then he -- and then he did it again like two weeks later. So, um -- and I, you know -- the, uh, but all the stuff he's doing, what a -- what a blessing to our country, that all these people put in and like Elon that are going to clean up this -- You know, before I was saying well, we'll drain the swamp and fix these things.

Mike Lindell: You've got to be blessed with the right people. And one man can't do it all, but he can, you know, and that's -- uh, but with God, all things are possible.

Question: Of course. Amen. Um, Mr. Lindell, you spoke, uh, to, you know, the old -- you know, legacy media just making all these attempts to smear you in any way possible previously prior to now. Now there's sort of a new wave of media coming through the White House. President Trump has opened up the press briefing room to outlets like LindellTV.

Mike Lindell: LindellTV. Hello.

Question: Tell us about LindellTV and what your mission is there and what you hope to see, uh, from the new media that's coming into this administration?

Mike Lindell: Well, this is where we're so, stronger nowadays, you know, from four years later when I did my speech at CPAC, I said, uh, one of the most important things is our voice was almost taken away from us completely on January 7 and 8 of 2021. But the manifest -- manifestation of that was the people that didn't give up that wanted to keep their voice going.

Mike Lindell: They did their own podcasts, started their own, uh -- started their own channels like I did with LindellTV and, uh, and to have a president that allows that in, people need to get their media. You know, it's expanded horizontally where you don't get -- they no longer have the power to brainwash a whole generation and just -- and that includes, uh, outlets that rhyme with Fox, you know.

Mike Lindell: I mean it's not just your CNNs and MSNBCs of the world. These, uh -- whatever they want to put out is all that they would, um, um, you know, put -- give to you. If they, you know -- none of them wanted to talk about, uh, elections platforms after the 2020 election. You know, you had your Fox's and Newsmax of the world, they would not talk about it. You know, it was called lawfare, which I'm still involved in. You know, because I want to secure our elections, I'm getting sued for billions of dollars that my company, MyPillow, billions of dollars and -- and it's -- it's wrong.

Mike Lindell: And, uh, I will never stop until we get to the secure elections. And having the news outlets like LindellTV, like you gals in there now -- and, uh, by the way, they're both -- aren't they awesome? Yeah, Allison and Kara they -- uh -- no, you guys are a blessing to my network and, uh, and to be able to be here, and, uh, you know, I -- that was one of the first things I'm going, you know, hopefully that, uh, our -- that our great president would open this up to everybody to come in that, uh -- so we don't just have a few of the old, uh, establishment news that were -- that were a big part of the whole problem.

Question: That's right. It is, you know, incredible to see so many of these so-called conservative outlets, you know, refuse to talk about the issues that are the most important like election integrity. And I'm so grateful for you who has refused to back down on the issue and continue to speak up on it. What do you think is the main point moving forward that you wish to drive home about how we move forward and continue to push forward during this difficult time?

Mike Lindell: Right. I think everybody right now, if you're watching, you got -- you really need to be educated, everybody does, and share the news we're going to be putting out. We have people on the ground in all 50 states with the Cause of America. I have the Election Crime Bureau, but you all need to get to VOCL Social, that's V-O-C-L Social.

Mike Lindell: That's part of LindellTV. There you can find everything that's going on with our election platforms and it's also like a Facebook on steroids. I'll put it up against any other platform, and this is where we need to, you know -- and you need to spread the news. If we, you know -- as we come out with stuff from the bottom up or our great president comes out with something from up here, everybody needs to know about it and they need to know, you know, why do -- why are we doing this?

Mike Lindell: You know, these nonsensical things that -- Things that, um, we get -- that we were blocked on for four years, I was just telling it -- you know, my biggest blockers were uniparty, Republicans like Brad Raffensperger down in Georgia, Robin Vos of Wisconsin. These guys, you would think you could go into a place and say, hey, we got a problem here with this election or whichever election it was, not just the 2020. And let's look into it. They go, no, no, no, no, you know, it doesn't make sense.

Mike Lindell: And so, going forward, having our voice, we're going to be able -- it's almost like the pressure now, um, they're not going to be able to stand up like, I'll give you an example, in Arkansas, this happened a couple years ago. Cleburne County, Arkansas, they voted in their own county which they have the right to do to get rid of the machines that go to paper ballots, hand counted.

Mike Lindell: Well, a couple months or a month later, a guy named Kim Hammer's, he's a Senator in Arkansas, a Republican, shoved a bill through and here's what the bill said, if you are a county in Arkansas and you go to paper ballots, we're defunding your county. Now, where does that make sense to everybody? The people had voted what they wanted for a secure election.

Mike Lindell: What happened then? Cleburne County had to back down and all the other counties that were going to follow suit, they just got afraid, you know. So, I think now people like Kim Hammer's will be found out. You know, I'll be shouting from the rooftops like always and I'll tell you, these guys and they're going to have to explain themselves.

Mike Lindell: They're going to have to explain themselves like that was just today for women -- men and women's sports, I guess the governor of Maine, I don't know if you all have seen that, but the governor of Maine's still wanted to do it.

Question: Right, it's crazy.

Mike Lindell: And, you know, they're going, what? What? Where's your -- what's the logic, you know? But she'll be called out and she'll have to succumb to that, you know, and go and get -- and get back to common sense in our country.

Question: Yeah. What are your thoughts that -- you came out Elon Musk with -- that USAID was sponsoring a lot of the mainstream media that has seats in this very briefing room, which I want to show you after this. But there's a lot of mainstream media seats that were actually being funded by the government. Is that a conflict of interest?

Question: And should those seats be given maybe to other outlets that are not accepting funding from the government?

Mike Lindell: Oh, absolutely. LindellTV, you guys should have one. This is -- absolutely. This is what -- this is what we need to clean up. I mean, um, when you get, you know -- when our -- when our voice or -- what's -- it's like, um, with the stuff coming through to us, it's only going through one little tunnel. You can put anything you want through that, you know, and we need to expand it. It needs to go out to everyone and to be -- to be funded, and you start digging into these things.

Mike Lindell: It's so awesome that Elon is digging into these and you're going -- and it doesn't really surprise everyone. They're going, um, no. We're -- you know, we're finding a lot, and it's -- it's not a surprise. I think the surprise is, is how fast things are getting done, but also how deep it goes, you know. And one of the final frontier, I'm telling you, is the election platforms.

Mike Lindell: It all comes from there. I mean everything. If you got that, this is how we got to where we were, um, these last four years. This is -- it didn't just start in 2020. They've been boiling us like frogs for a long time just getting with their elections and stealing elections and this uniparty doing whatever they wanted.

Mike Lindell: And then -- and get the control. This will go down in history. This changed the course of history, this great man here that -- our great president and all the people that didn't give up, that didn't give up our voices that knew something was wrong and they didn't give up and sit back and go, oh, you know what, it's just overwhelming to think about it. And, you know, in our country most of them, you know, we're the minority.

Mike Lindell: No, we're not. We're the majority, 95 percent of this country, I don't care what party you're in. You want to have great lives while you're here and you want common sense. You know that nothing makes sense when you're going -- it's things like women, men in women's sports and craziness, and like to open up the borders so fentanyl can pour in and kill all our of our kids.

Mike Lindell: And I mean, this stuff was done and it was -- it was very evil. And we're -- we're in a battle of biblical proportions of evil versus good and, uh, and we're -- it's not over. Like I said, we have -- we have to fix the foundation. You clean it up and then you set your foundation, you start with the election platforms and you get there and then all this beautiful stuff that's going on now that, uh, that's just getting exposed.

Mike Lindell: We've just touched the tip of the iceberg. I mean it looks like -- I mean, Elon was on the stage yesterday and, uh, and by the way, one of our great sponsors at LindellTV, they -- they were -- they gave him a painting and he's up there. He's just so happy that he can help, you know?

Question: Yes. Yes.

Mike Lindell: That he can help save this country and help the people.

Question: Any more comments on what happened with the president?

Mike Lindell: No. It's just -- I'm very, um -- I got -- what would the word be? I'm -- He is ahead of everything. I mean everything I brought up, um, is right on par. You know, and he told the lawyers there, you know, he's going -- hey, this is -- You know, and they go -- no, we're already doing this. You know, a lot of these things we're already doing.

Mike Lindell: And I'm going -- wow. He is so -- you know, our president is so smart, you combine that with the common sense and he just can sit there and go, do this, get this, do this, do this. And now I have a confidence that it's going to get done.

Question: Right.

Mike Lindell: Everything's going to get done and we are going to secure our election platforms and we're going to save our country. And, um, and it's already happening so fast. I just want people not to get complacent, putting it all on this man and, uh, and to -- We've got to do our parts and you guys -- and that includes spreading the word.

Mike Lindell: And I'm not just saying just LindellTV, which you should do every day, we have the great Mayor Giuliani, uh, Rudy Giuliani and Dr. Maria and Emerald Robinson, 24/7 streaming. This is where you should be getting your news. Uh, you guys here all the time, right here at the White House in DC. And, um, and then get over to VOCL Social and get educated.

Mike Lindell: Every day, we're the ones, we're the hub of the wheel of this election platforms. We are the hub. Everything you need to know is on VOCL Social, which is connected to LindellTV. Go get the apps, download the apps, go to LindellTV.com. Make it your go to and tell everybody about it, that's what we need. Our voice cannot just be, you know, once in a while check in. Spread it on all these other platforms.

Mike Lindell: What a blessing that we now don't just have Suckabunch Facebook and Jack Dorsey's Twitter. We have, you know, what a -- Elon buys Twitter and supposedly Mark Zuckerberg's changing his ways. But we'll see. I don't think so. [Laughter] Um -- but then you have all these other things, Truth Social, VOCL Social, Gab, GETTR, Telegram, all these things that sprung up after, uh -- after, you know, we were just wiped off the planet back in January of 2021. And so, people are getting their information from everywhere.

Mike Lindell: And I -- and I would tell you all out there, don't just hang out on one -- on one of the social media platforms, get an account on all of them so you can every day tell everyone what's going on and give them the news because we have to -- we have to win all these things. But to me, there's nothing more important than our elections.

Mike Lindell: And we can see right now we got -- we got one shot at this, we got one shot and we -- I said it before, we cannot let this be all for nothing in vain. While we all live great for the next four years, we have to secure it forever.

Question: That's right. Thank you so much, Mr. Lindell.

Mike Lindell: Thank you. Thank you. All right, what y'all going to go show me now?

Question: We're going to show you -- I want to show -- do you want to see the briefing room?

Mike Lindell: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. For sure.

Question: Wait, we should get a picture here with us, right here. Hi, guys.

Mike Lindell: Oh, hey, how you doing?

Question: Good, good. Were you -- I just wanted to clarify, were you talking to the president today about election integrity or were you doing something else?

Mike Lindell: No, it was election integrity, the platforms and we report that I have my teams have been working for four years right now. And, um -- and, uh, there was a couple other things and his lawyers said we were already working on. So, I was really glad that he was out in front of these things.

Question: So, the president and some of the lawyers?

Mike Lindell: What?

Question: The president and some of the lawyers?

Mike Lindell: Oh, no, they were all lawyers.

Question: All lawyers?

Mike Lindell: Oh, yeah.

Question: OK.

Mike Lindell: It's all legal.

Question: Yeah, I'm just trying to understand how much attention it's getting.

Mike Lindell: Yeah, yeah. No, you have to -- you have to have them in there because they're the ones that are -- there's different things that that we have out there and what a great -- that the president listens to, you know, these problems that are still out there. And then his, you know his -- wants his lawyers to take care of it.

Question: OK.

Mike Lindell: It's really awesome.

Question: And he said they were on top of it or --

Mike Lindell: They were on top. There was about four things. I can't disclose the other three, but they -- uh, they were already doing it. I'm going wow, this is just amazing because they're very important to our country for everybody. I don't care what party you're in. And, uh -- And they -- uh, they're out in front of it. It's very -- I'm very impressed.

Question: We came into the -- governor's was talking about election integrity and paper ballots. So, I'm guessing your meeting was before that one?

Mike Lindell: No, no mine was after. Yeah, mine was after. You know, he came in and he -- you know, he was -- it was mine was after. He's been -- he's been saying we need to get to paper ballots for a long time. The Republican party passed a resolution a year and a half ago for paper ballots, hand counted, same day voting, precinct level and signature required but they -- they seem to have forgotten about that, you know, as a party, and -- and, uh, my biggest box when I've tried to get to paper ballots the last four years has been uniparty Republicans.

Mike Lindell: And I've said that many times, Brad Raffensperger, crooked Brad, Robin Vos of Wisconsin, um, Kim Hammer's of, uh, of, um, I mean -- Arkansas. Shane Schoeller, I mean the list goes on and on. These blockers -- I'm going well, why don't you guys want to go to the security -- 132 countries have banned these machines; 132. Argentina banned it and they did it in four months.

Mike Lindell: They got rid of them, you know, we got to be like the rest of the world. We have the most secure elections we can.

Question: Did he say if you [Inaudible] or anything?

Mike Lindell: Any what?

Question: Like an executive order or anything to kind of set this more in motion?

Mike Lindell: Oh, I didn't know. Yeah, that's what they can all discuss.

Question: OK.

Mike Lindell: Yeah.

Question: We'll stay tuned.

Mike Lindell: Yeah, I would love to tell you everything, but --

Question: Thank you, sir. I appreciate it.

Mike Lindell: Yep, thank you.

Question: All right let's take a photo.

Mike Lindell: All right.

Question: And then we're going to -- I have a really good idea where we could -- I'll tell you in a second.

Mike Lindell: OK.

Question: All right, smile. Got it. Awesome. You'll see the briefing room maybe --

Mike Lindell: See if that -- see if that, um -- how it is with the sun behind us though.

Question: I got it without the -- Is this working? Oh good. Uh, Eddie, Edward. Maybe it's better. Is this actually working right here? Yeah. No, don't you --

Mike Lindell: I think we should take her right here.

Question: OK.