Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-briefing-karoline-leavitt-the-white-house-february-25-2025

Karoline Leavitt: Couple questions.

Question: Why close the deferred resignation program last night if it doesn't seem like the administration hit the numbers that you were looking for for federal workers to take the buyout?

Karoline Leavitt: I'm not so sure that we didn't hit the numbers we wanted.

Question: Can you give us some --

Karoline Leavitt: 75,000 people accepted the buyout program. That's going to save millions of dollars for the American taxpayers and that's exactly what we wanted.

Question: You didn't want it to be extended by even a couple of days for the people who were waiting for the judge's decision, could have had more time after that?

Karoline Leavitt: We put a deadline on it and the deadline was reached. 75,000 people accepted the offer.

Question: Could you share, Karoline, more information about the reciprocal tariffs that we're expecting today?

Karoline Leavitt: Yeah.

Question: Is it something -- because we've heard some differing things from different administration officials over recent days that it might be something that's more of a negotiation that's being announced today, or that they might be tariffs that are announced at a later date. Can you share more?

Karoline Leavitt: You'll be hearing from the President of the United States directly on this in about two hours. So, I will let him speak on it. He's very excited about this reciprocal tariff announcement. His team has been working on it for quite some time. You saw him Truth about it bright and early this morning. So, he looks forward to seeing all of you in the Oval at 1:00. We will see you then and then we're going to swear in RFK Jr., who I understand is going to --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Karoline, one -- one question about Russia.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: -- invite Vladimir Putin? Why invite Vladimir Putin to the white House Karoline, without inviting --