Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-briefing-stephen-miller-the-white-house-march-19-2025

Question: Am I going to finally get my answer on DEI from you?

Stephen Miller: I only have time for just -- I always say this, but I only have time for just a couple of questions because I'm running late for a meeting. Yes? Yes?

Question: I know you've said that everyone who was deported was either a gang member or a violent criminal, these Venezuelans.

Stephen Miller: Yes.

Question: But we've learned of at least one man who has no criminal record here in the US according to his deportation orders. And he had no criminal record in Venezuela, either. So why do you think someone like that should be sent to a maximum security --

Stephen Miller: I'm sorry, I'm confused by the question. Is it your position that a member of Tren de Aragua, who is in our United States illegally, should be allowed to commit crimes limitlessly until such time as that individual is incarcerated? That it should be open season on Americans that TDAs come in? It's like ISIS coming into your country or al Qaida coming into your country and that you let them stay here, catch and release, catch and release, catch and release and then eventually only after they've served some prison time in America, do they get sent out?

Stephen Miller: Our job is to send the terrorists out before anyone else gets raped or murdered. Other questions.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: I'm not making the case that --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: -- outside the White House last night featured Palestinian flags, but also I saw Hamas flags flying outside the White House. Does this administration believe that the flying of these flags could be a national security risk outside the White House?

Stephen Miller: Well, I'll reframe the question to just say that the -- the administration continues to take the view that any foreign nationals who are visiting our country are prohibited from supporting any designated terrorist organization such as Hamas. Any other questions? Yes?

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Is President Trump still calling for the impeachment of Judge Boasberg in his case, despite what Chief Justice Roberts said yesterday?

Stephen Miller: Of course, the president stands by his comments, absolutely, as do we all. As does the entire administration. You cannot have a democracy where single individual district court judges can assume the full powers of the commander in chief. Even on the Supreme Court, it takes the agreement of five Supreme Court justices to change a federal policy.

Stephen Miller: Five. A single district court judge out of 700 cannot set policy for the entire nation, let alone on national security and public safety issues. The President has been clear that he is -- has tremendous respect for Justice Roberts and believes it's essential the Supreme Court crack down and stop this assault on our democracy from these radical rogue judges that are usurping the powers of the presidency and laying waste to our entire Constitutional system.

Stephen Miller: Last question.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Can you explain more on the democratic terrorism issue of the Tesla's being destroyed? Can you explain more on the issue of Tesla's?

Stephen Miller: Yeah, the president strongly condemns left-wing domestic terrorism in the clearest and most forceful terms we possibly can. Yes, quick question.

Question: I think what she was trying to say was that, not arguing that there were TDA members on the plane, but there were other people, is there going to be other evidence --

Stephen Miller: They're -- they're -- they're all -- they're all Tren de Aragua. And again, the -- let me -- let me give a concrete example of this just to illustrate the principle here. Let's say that you have a family living in a neighborhood and next to them, they have little children. Next to them is a Tren de Aragua gang member who has a document of the proclamation or sent here by a hostile regime and is the most violent and ruthless criminal terrorist organization in the Western Hemisphere.

Stephen Miller: So, do our counterterrorism officers arrest and remove the terrorist or do we say we'll leave you there, you can rape and murder the people next to you and then after you rape and murder them, and then, only then, will we remove you? We're not going to let anyone get raped or let anyone get murdered by terrorists.

Stephen Miller: I've got to run. Thank you.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: How do you know they're --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Is this a mistake? This is not a ruling or a judgment. It was a stay. It's on the record as a stay.