Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-briefing-sarah-huckabee-sanders-the-white-house-june-10-2025

Question: You've been here a time or two before.

Sarah Huckabee Sanders: A couple.

Question: I know you were talking about the LA riots. What's your response as a fellow governor to what's happening?

Sarah Huckabee Sanders: Well, I think it's absurd that they allowed what is going on in California to take place. The fact that they're choosing rioters and criminals over American law enforcement is absolutely absurd. They've picked crazy over normal. Uh, I'm a big fan of order over chaos. And I think the president is absolutely 100 percent right to step in. Uh, frankly, he shouldn't have to. But because of their failures, he needs to. And uh, I think it's abysmal what this governor and this mayor have allowed to happen.

Sarah Huckabee Sanders: But I'm thankful we have a president who will actually step up and get things done and make sure people are safe and they're safe in their communities.

Question: Why do you think the Democrats keep supporting illegal immigration?

Sarah Huckabee Sanders: It's a great question. You'd have to ask a Democrat. I certainly couldn't get in their mind and figure out why they're making a lot of the decisions that they are. You would think after the last several months they would see that that's not only bad policy, but it's bad politics. It's not working. Uh, what President Trump is doing is working.

Sarah Huckabee Sanders: And has the vast majority of support from Americans. Um, and frankly, they should be more supportive of the efforts that he has going on.

Question: For those critics who say, oh, it's peaceful protesters or at least there should be some element of free speech involved in this. What's your response to that?

Sarah Huckabee Sanders: Nobody's against free speech, but we are against people throwing rocks through windows, attacking police officers, impeding the flow of traffic, stopping, uh, public transit from being able to move forward. That's not a peaceful protest. Anybody that's paying attention and says that is frankly just being dishonest.

Sarah Huckabee Sanders: And so uh, there's -- I think they'd be hard pressed to actually see what's taking place on the ground and make that argument.

Question: Governor, what brings you to the White House today? And as a governor, would you welcome a president of the United States sending guard troops to your state over your objections?

Sarah Huckabee Sanders: Uh, if we needed help, uh, I would be making the phone call myself to the president and asking for his assistance. But in Arkansas, we would never allow take place what they're letting to go on in California. Uh, but if we needed help, the president would be one of the first people I would call because he is somebody I know who cares deeply about making sure the American people are safe and secure first and foremost.

Sarah Huckabee Sanders: And so I have no doubt he would do what was needed to help step in and protect people. The reason I'm here to meet with administration officials, see how Arkansas can continue to be supportive of the President, uh, and continue working closely with this administration on all of the great things that they've been doing.

Sarah Huckabee Sanders: Thank you.

Question: Thank you.