Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-briefing-tom-homan-the-white-house-july-30-2025

Question: Sir, how concerned are you about apps like ICEBlock and what impact do you think that's having on people [Inaudible]?

Tom Homan: The impact it's having is it increases the likelihood of ICE attacks. And letting the bad guy know where we're at and when we're coming, it just puts our officers at risk. It's only a matter of time before we're ambushed just like what happened in El Dorado, Texas, where they stood outside the facility with semiautomatic weapons looking to ambush ICE agents.

Tom Homan: You know, you don't see these types of apps in an FBI operation or a DEA operation, it seems like politics is taking over public safety and officer safety. It's just ridiculous. And I hope DOJ comes to a decision to look at these people and, if they can charge them a crime, I hope they do -- because they're putting ICE officers at great risk.

Question: So, Jeanine Pirro recently announced that ICE cracked down on Washington DC. Can you give us any more information?

Tom Homan: ICE is cracking down across the country to include Washington DC. We've got over 1,000 teams out there every day. We're going to take the worst of the worst off the street and that's what we're going to keep doing all across the country. There's no safe haven for illegal alien criminal safety threat or illegal alien national security threat, there's no safe haven here, nowhere.

Question: On deportations, why were you able to achieve so much more for Obama than you have been able to do so far for Trump?

Tom Homan: Well, you've got to look at the Obama numbers, right, they claim had all these removals. But I can tell you, I was there. They were counting Border Patrol removals along with ICE removals. Border patrol was actually apprehending people and giving them to ICE to deport them to move those numbers up. We've got honest numbers.

Tom Homan: Our numbers are ICE number removals. When you look at ICE removals, despite what a lot of the media says, the vast majority of people we're removing are criminals and public safety threats. I read every day how ICE isn't arresting criminals. ICE has more non-criminals in detention than criminals. It's a bunch of garbage.

Tom Homan: I look at the number -- the first thing I do every morning, I look at the data here every day for the last 24 hours. And here's what data told me this morning, 70 percent, seven zero percent of everybody arrested is a criminal, hard stop, 70 percent. Who's the other 30 percent we're arresting? National security threats, for instance, over 300 Iranian nationals.

Tom Homan: We arrest national security threats by the thousands since President Trump's been in the Oval Office. Who else is that 30 percent? People are defying orders to deportation. People who had due process at great taxpayer expense were ordered removed by an immigration judge. Our job is to remove them. There's also gang members.

Tom Homan: Look -- and as far as the small fraction, I made it clear from day one, if sanctuary cities don't let us rest the bad guy in the jail and force us in the community to find a bad guy, when we find him many times he's with others. They're coming too because they're in the country illegally and we're not going to instruct ICE to not arrest these people, because the last administration said, ICE, you can't arrest an illegal alien unless he's convicted of a serious crime.

Tom Homan: What message does that send to the whole world? Go ahead and enter our country illegally, it's a crime, but don't worry about it. Just don't commit another crime, and no one's looking for you. If that's the message we send to the whole world, you're never going to fix this problem permanently.

Question: This suggests that the Justice Department filed against Judge Boasberg over stopping deportation [Inaudible]

Tom Homan: I think a lot of these judges are radical judges who are trying to stop this administration from doing their job. I think the president has the power of executive order to make this country safe again and secure our borders. You can't have strong national security if you don't have border security. And you can't have border security without strong interior enforcement.

Tom Homan: Look, Border Patrol -- I love the Border Patrol, I started at Border Patrol, they've done a great job. We've got the most secure border in the history of this nation, but a lot of that has to do with interior enforcement because we're showing the whole world there's consequences. We have 1,000 teams out every day arresting illegal alien public safety threats.

Tom Homan: That sends a strong message too not to come and cross that border, don't put yourself at risk and cross that border because most -- 90 percent of those who claim asylum get ordered removed. We're going to remove them because if we don't do that, if we don't execute those orders issued by judges, then what the hell are we doing.

Tom Homan: Just shut down immigration court; judges orders don't mean anything. We're wasting our time. Take the Border Patrol off the border, there's no consequence. No, we're going to enforce the law. President Trump, what he's doing different than President Biden -- we're enforcing laws on the books enacted by Congress, what ICE is funded to do and we'll continue doing that.

Tom Homan: And look at the success -- the most secure border in the history of this nation today. This will be the first administration in the history of this country that's going to have total operational control of the southern border for the first time ever.

Question: Mr. Homan, is it [Inaudible] the tariff deadline coming up? And with Mexico in particular, President Trump has spoken about the need for tariffs to stop the flow of fentanyl coming over the border. Can you discuss that and how that effort is going?

Tom Homan: Tariffs are out of my lane, that's a question for other people; that's out of my lane. I'm a border guy and --

Question: Is fentanyl pouring over the border?

Tom Homan: Well, look, fentanyl seizures are down over half. Why? We've got a secure border. When you have a secure border, every Border Patrol agent is on the line doing their job. They're not changing diapers, making baby formula, making hospital runs, making airport runs. Everybody's on the line vigilant and the cartels are hurting.

Tom Homan: Look, under Biden, the cartels made more money than they ever made, smuggling aliens, sex trafficking of women and children, smuggling dope across the border. Now that we have a secure border cartels are going bankrupt. And President Trump, through all his efforts and his leadership, we're going to wipe the cartels off the face of the Earth, which makes not only this country safer, but Mexico safer.

Question: Mr. Homan, as a Roman Catholic, should [Inaudible] detainees be allowed to celebrate mass? The Archbishop of Miami has said that he's not been able to access the detainees in Alligator Alcatraz to give them the Eucharist.

Tom Homan: I'm not aware of that. Where would that come from?

Question: It came from the National Catholic Reporter three days ago.

Tom Homan: I'll have to look into -- I'm not aware of that.

Question: Mr. Homan, polling has suggested that there are people in the public that you've gone too far with immigration.

Tom Homan: Yeah, why is that? Because I just talked about it because of false media. I read a story the other day, less than 1 percent of ICE deportations are murderers. Really? That's the level set now? Being in the country legally isn't enough? There's nothing in the Immigration Nationality Act that says you've got to commit yet another crime to be deportable.

Tom Homan: But the false media stories, like I just said, most people in ICE detention aren't criminals -- wrong. The majority is criminals. I see the numbers every day, but now the media is saying, well, they're not criminal enough. They just got a DUI. 10,000 people a year die from DUI. That's a public safety threat in my opinion.

Tom Homan: As a cop from New York, I've seen the tragedies of DUI. So, now the media is saying, well, they're not criminal enough. Look, the bottom line is I looked at the number, 70 percent of everybody we're arresting have a criminal history. And I told you the other 30 percent are national security threats. Most national security threats don't have a criminal history.

Tom Homan: They're laying low waiting for their -- to do their dirty deed. Gang members, a lot of gang members don't have criminal history. And the others, the non-criminals, everybody who enters in the country illegally, that's not OK. It's not OK to be in this country illegally. It's not OK to enter this country legally.

Tom Homan: It's a crime. And again, that's the message we send, and I've done this for 40 years. If the message we send, we're not -- if you're just in the country illegally, don't worry about it, we're not looking for you. Do you think you're ever going to solve the problem when people around this world want to come to the greatest nation on earth, and they realize if I cross the border illegally it's a crime.

Tom Homan: But as long as I don't commit another crime, no one's looking for me. We can't do that. And while we're arguing about this, there are millions of people standing in line taking their test, doing a background investigation, paying their fees, sitting in the back seat, while millions of people under the Biden administration cheated the system.

Tom Homan: All these millions of asylum seekers, what you need to know, based on immigration court data, nearly nine out of 10 of those so-called asylum seekers end up with an order of removal. They're asylum seekers; they're also asylum cheaters because there are thousands of people in this world that really do need our protection because they really are true asylum seekers because they're escaping fear and persecution from their home government because of race, religion, political affiliation.

Tom Homan: They're sitting in the back seat while millions of asylum cheaters crossed the border under Joe Biden. This president is different. Again, what have we done? The most secure border in the history of this nation. ICE has arrested more criminal threats and national security threats in this time frame. Three times as many as Joe Biden did.

Tom Homan: This administration is -- look, every day I wake up, it's amazing, the numbers we have. A lot of this polling that's going is because of false media -- we're deporting US citizens. Name one US citizen we deported. We don't deport US citizens. They're talking about children of people we deport. If you're in this country illegally and you're ignoring this country illegally, you have an order of removal.

Tom Homan: But rather than leaving you become a fugitive and choose to have a US citizen child, that doesn't make you immune from our laws. That was a decision on your part. So, when we remove that person, that's parenting 101. What do you want to do? Do you want to take the child with you? Do you want to leave him here with another relative or another spouse?

Tom Homan: They put themselves in the position, not us. So, the false media is pushing the polling.

Question: But is there a political question to that about -- for the midterms [Inaudible] that the administration would want?

Tom Homan: You know, I'm not a politician and I'm a border guy and we're enforcing the laws. We're not making this up. ICE is enforcing laws enacted by Congress. I see all these people protesting. Why aren't they protesting the Hill. If they don't like what ICE is doing, protest the people who wrote the bill. I've seen members of Congress comparing us to racists and members of terrorist organizations.

Tom Homan: If we're terrorists for enforcing the immigration law, what does that make them? They wrote the law. We're enforcing laws enacted by Congress and we're going to do it with no apologies. We're going to do exactly what President Trump has promised American people he would do. The reason why President Trump was elected president is because people believe in a secure border and people believe that we should removing public safety threats and national security threats in this country.

Tom Homan: And that's what we do every single day.

Question: Mr. Homan, how comfortable are you with the efforts to deport our Afghan war allies like the interpreters who helped our guys out over there?

Tom Homan: Look, every one of them will be vetted properly, which weren't vetted during the Biden administration, a decision will be made on a case-by-case basis. But let's remember, even the Department of Defense OIG came back and said they weren't vetted properly. Look at the thousands of criminal aliens we're arresting right now that the last administration released into the country saying they're properly vetted, they lied to the American people.

Tom Homan: We don't have access to most countries' criminal data. Most countries don't have an NCIC like we do. When they said they were vetted, they were run through NCIC and triple ICE data systems here. So, unless they had a criminal history here, they said, OK, good to go. We've arrested thousands of criminals that have a criminal history in their home country, wanted for murder in their home country, were on the terrorist watch list and still released in this country.

Tom Homan: President Trump is doing the right thing for the American people every day. This country is safer every day because the men and women of ICE are doing the work they took an oath to enforce. I mean, no one can argue that sanctuary cities' crime rates are dropping because we're taking public safety threats off the street.

Question: Is ImmigrationOS still on schedule for rollout in September?

Tom Homan: Excuse me?

Question: The Palantir database that they're building -- it was supposed to be rolled out in September. Is it still on schedule?

Tom Homan: I'm not aware of a data rollout.

Question: Thank you, sir.

Tom Homan: All right, thanks, guys.