Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-briefing-alina-habba-the-white-house-march-26-2025

Alina Habba: Good morning, everybody.

Question: Hi, Alina, can we get a reaction to The Atlantic releasing the poll, all the text messages and the chain in Signal? Now we have all the details which included from the exact timings of when bombs were dropping, your reaction?

Alina Habba: Well, I think that we were upfront about it. We went in yesterday, as you saw, the better of the day and, uh, got questions and answers by everybody; Tulsi, FBI, Kash Patel. Um, look, it is what it is. At the end of the day, this is, in my opinion, something that they're making a big to do about nothing.

Alina Habba: This, uh, reporter, you know, that is trying to get clout, that I also saw was on TV last night trying to brand his own name and -- and talk about this. I'm not surprised. It's The Atlantic. I frankly have never read The Atlantic. I don't plan to. Uh, but we answered the questions. I'm going to defer to those -- those answers from the cabinet.

Alina Habba: Yeah?

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Alina, is there any Trump Administration officials should be held accountable? Someone like someone Waltz, someone like Hegseth, who was in this chat?

Alina Habba: Listen, we're allowed to have communications. That's -- that's period, the end. And the president spoke to this. We stand by Mike Waltz; he's doing a tremendous job. I think this is a distraction. I'm really not going to stand here and answer questions that the better part of yesterday was spent by the people that were actually involved answering.

Alina Habba: I was not a part of that conversation, but I will say this, we need to be looking at all the good things that we're doing and every time to come out and to speak to the press and have it be a negative spin, it's much like what I've done for the better of four years. The negative spin needs to stop. Waltz has done a tremendous job and let's talk about what he did.

Alina Habba: He took down the Houthis with Pete Hegseth, and that was important not for this country alone, but also for the world. So, I'm very proud of the work that this administration is doing and I would love if the press, for once, would focus on the actual facts and actions of this administration. This is just -- this is frankly just noise.

Alina Habba: I'm used to it, but it's noise.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: -- yesterday, no classified information was part of that. So, releasing this today --

Alina Habba: Well, so did Ratcliffe.

Question: So, Atlantic --

Alina Habba: No, so No. So did Ratcliffe, if you look at it. So, we have classifications, we have declassified conversations and we're also allowed to use Signal for top-level official communications. We also have other means of communications that were used and uh, and again, I'll speak to that, that this is -- I'm not here to defend The Atlantic.

Alina Habba: It's a typical thing where a journalist is trying to make a name for himself, and I think he's making quite the name for himself, which is not a very good one. Thank you, everybody.