Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-briefing-tom-homan-the-white-house-july-10-2025

Question: Oh, about the standoff in California at the farm right now, between ICE agents and anti-ICE protesters. The standoff happening on his farm.

Tom Homan: Look, I've said this from day one. They can protest all they want, but they cross the line? They're gonna be arrested and they're gonna be prosecuted. There's zero tolerance. They have the first Amendment rights. I had 1,000 protesters at my house. Whatever. You're not gonna stop me. I'm not gonna shut up. I'm gonna keep doing what I'm doing.

Tom Homan: But you can't cross that line. You have the right to protest. I support that. But when you cross a line on impeding us, you're gonna be arrested. If you're cross the line putting hands on an ICE officer? Zero tolerance, you're gonna be arrested. So yell and scream all you want, you're not gonna stop ICE from doing our job.

Question: Mr. Homan, on, uh, the Birthright Citizenship ruling, uh, does the White House plan to file a special application to basically challenge the Birthright Citizenship ruling, uh, and ask the Supreme Court to put it on its shadow docket perhaps, so we could get to it quickly?

Tom Homan: I don't have specifics on that, so I, I don't want to answer because I may be wrong.

Question: Sir, thank you for all you're doing. Will you do the same thing that you're doing in Los Angeles in Springfield, Ohio?

Tom Homan: We're gonna do it all across the country. The Big Beautiful Bill is gonna give us 10,000 more officers. What people need to understand, we only have 5,000 deportation officers. We got over 20 million illegal aliens in this country. So this, this bill's gonna put more boots on the ground, put more teams on the street to look for the criminals and the, the public safety threats.

Tom Homan: This's gonna allow us to do more work site investigations. It's going -- We're just gonna hire more judges to hear these cases quicker. It's gonna get us more beds and more transportation to deport people quicker and more efficient.

Question: You said 20 million, or more illegal aliens? How many should we deport?

Tom Homan: Well, there's at least 20 million in this country.

Question: Yeah.

Tom Homan: Look, we've been talking about 12 million for the last two decades. We know 10.5 million came to the border just under Joe Biden. And for those that say 3,000 a day is ridiculous, do the math. We'd have to arrest 7,000 every single day of this administration to the end, just to remove those that Biden released in the country.

Question: Thank you, sir.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Is that in effect -- What would you say to people that that's in effect a national police force with the 10,000 new agents and the 75 billion? Do you consider it that?

Tom Homan: No. I s- -- I said with over 20 million illegal aliens, we got less than 5,000 deportation officers. We're enforcing the law. And they've always, ICE has always been underfunded. Look, I love the Border Patrol. I, I started as a Border Patrol agent. They've been, they've been, they've been increased r- -- their resources many times.

Tom Homan: ICE has never seen a resource like this. Unless, remember a lot of people, Border Patrol arrests come to ICE. They have to, they have to transport 'em, detain 'em, remove them. It's about time ICE got the numbers they need, especially now because we're cleaning up the mess of the last four years of an open border.

Tom Homan: So we need more enforcement resources to, to clean up the, the mess Joe Biden made, plus the ones that are here before them. And that's why, you know, if you look at the numbers and, and the media's saying, "Oh, the majority of people ICE arrests aren't criminals." Well, they're not counting misdemeanors.

Tom Homan: They're not counting people with pending charges. If we arrest an illegal alien in a county jail, I'm thinking he's not a choir boy. So, you know, they're, they're, they broke the law entering this country and they commit another crime? They're gonna be a priority of this administration.

Question: Thank you.

Tom Homan: You got it.

Question: How would this administration actually implement Birthright Citizenship in the states? How would that actually --

Tom Homan: That's, uh, that's a question we'll talk about later, uh, we'll talk about --

Question: [Inaudible]

Tom Homan: So I might get, I don't wanna get ahead of talking on that. We'll talk about that later.

Question: Is there any chance that the administration could sue the judge who issued, uh, the class action injunction today, as you've sued other --

Tom Homan: Well, it's just a, it's a, it's another example of a radical judge not paying attention to the Supreme Court ruling. Supreme Court already answered this question. Now he says he has a class. These radical judges aren't gonna stop. They wanna stop the Trump agenda. And what they need to understand, the American people voted for this agenda, right?

Tom Homan: So, you know, the men and women of ICE are arresting public safety threats and national security threats every day across this country. Every illegal alien public safety threat they arrest makes this country safer. That should be a non-partisan issue. And, and we're gonna keep doing it despite the hate, the rhetoric, the threats.

Tom Homan: We're not going anywhere. We're gonna keep doing what we're doing. And with the new Big, Big, Big Beautiful Bill, we're gonna do more.

Question: On the farm workers, just one more. Do you understand what President Trump means when he says the, the farm owners will have responsibility for the migrants who, I guess, get to stay even though they don't have status?

Tom Homan: I can tell you that there's a lot of people talking in here. Uh, Department of Labor, Department of Agriculture, Department of Homeland Security, talking about options. Nothing's been settled and I'm not gonna get ahead of the president. Whatever the president decides, it's his decision. But we're nowhere near that.

Tom Homan: I can tell you one thing though, one thing I'm reading in the media and that's not true. There will be no amnesty. Thank you.

Question: Like what?

Question: Thank you, sir.

Question: Thank you, sir. God bless you.