Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-briefing-karoline-leavitt-rose-garden-august-19-2025

Question: Oh, that'd be great. [Laughter] Um, as long as you take questions.

Karoline Leavitt: On that, maybe we'll do that.

Question: I don't know if you could fit all of it, but, uh, where did he get the, uh -- what was the thinking behind the choice of the yellow umbrellas? A lot of people say that they look similar to that of Mar-a-Lago.

Karoline Leavitt: Yeah, I mean, they are literally the umbrellas.

Question: Okay.

Karoline Leavitt: So --

Question: That makes --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: From there, or just --

Karoline Leavitt: Same -- same vendor.

Question: Okay. Did the first lady --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: How how involved was the first lady with the overall look of the new Rose Garden?

Karoline Leavitt: Well, she redesigned the --

Question: Right. She did the roses before.

Karoline Leavitt: -- which have remained untouched.

Question: Okay. And she's cool with the, uh, overall patio?

Karoline Leavitt: I believe so, yeah. Okay.

Note: [Background music]

Question: Yeah.

Karoline Leavitt: It's still a garden.

Question: It is. The roses are still here.

Question: Okay. How was he -- happy with how it all looks, Karoline?

Karoline Leavitt: He loves it. Clearly.

Question: Yeah, right.

Karoline Leavitt: And it was done relatively quickly. As you guys know. I mean, they started this 3 or 4 weeks ago.

Question: So I saw some sheets that looked like quartz or marble.

Karoline Leavitt: Yeah, those are for the floor inside.

Question: Oh that --

Karoline Leavitt: -- inside the ballroom area. [Inaudible]. Yeah. From like, actually that floor -- all that new -- all flooring up there. It was cracked. Stuff had to get refurbished.

Question: Yeah.

Question: Usually this time of year, as you know, the, uh, this is really when capital projects are --

Karoline Leavitt: This is normally when the president goes on vacation, but not this president.

Question: Yeah, we were just talking about that. Does he plan to take a vacation this month --

Karoline Leavitt: Nope

Question: -- or any weekends in Bedminster?

Karoline Leavitt: There were discussions about, um, him working from Bedminster for a couple of weeks --

Question: Okay.

Karoline Leavitt: -- and he decided against it.

Question: Okay.

Karoline Leavitt: He just [Inaudible] -- yeah, he did.

Question: That's why we were speaking --

Karoline Leavitt: Yeah.

Question: And [Inaudible] expect that he would go to be ready to jump in, or do you think --

Karoline Leavitt: In, for the --

Question: For the bilat, or --

Karoline Leavitt: You know, it's - it's hard to just. I think he wants to see how the bilat goes. Um, the expectation of the [Inaudible] I mean, in Alaska, he was saying if that went really well, maybe we would have just called Zelenskyy and --

Question: Yeah

Karoline Leavitt: -- [Inaudible] Alaska for him, which didn't come to fruition. But, um -- so I think at this point anything's possible.

Question: Why do you think he chose to do so much diplomacy now, rather than wait 'til all the leaders were in town for the UN General Assembly in --

Karoline Leavitt: He --

Question: -- in just three weeks?

Karoline Leavitt: -- is a man on a mission.

Question: Okay.

Karoline Leavitt: He wants to move, get things done quickly.

Question: So --

Karoline Leavitt: Three weeks is a long time with stuff like this.

Question: Yeah.

Karoline Leavitt: I mean, people are getting killed every day, and --

Question: So obviously --

Karoline Leavitt: -- when -- you gotta strike when the iron is hot. So --

Question: Obviously he wants a deal today, or a bilat meeting announced today.

Karoline Leavitt: As soon as possible.

Question: What are we thinking, like weeks instead of months or --

Note: [Karoline Leavitt is pulled into a side conversation.]

Karoline Leavitt: Oh, okay.

Question: [Inaudible] when specifically the day is when, you know, when --

Karoline Leavitt: The tech teams are working on it now. [Inaudible] Marco. And then right before my briefing -- [Inaudible]

Question: Uh, can we walk around in there or --

Karoline Leavitt: Um --

Question: Just --

Karoline Leavitt: Yeah. You want to just take them for a quick lap around in there?

Unidentified: Yeah.

Question: Thank you.

Note: [Music; Laughter]

Note: [Break in video. Donald Trump waved to the group, but did not speak.]