Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-briefing-karoline-leavitt-the-white-house-july-22-2025

Karoline Leavitt: I have a meeting with some hostage families from Gaza who are at the White House today. I've met with many of the hostages and their families and loved ones, um, throughout the course of the last six months. And it's really an honor to hear from them and hear their stories as the president works to secure the release of more hostages.

Karoline Leavitt: So I'm going to go inside and do that. I don't want to be late. I'm happy to take a couple questions. I am doing a briefing tomorrow so we can have some more fun at 1:00. But I'll take just a couple quick questions. Go ahead.

Question: Thank you, Karoline.

Karoline Leavitt: Sure.

Question: Do you have any insight as to when the autopen pardons may be validated? And if so, does the president have any plans to ultimately arrest Fauci [Inaudible]

Karoline Leavitt: I don't have any information on -- about the pardons, but I have told you and -- and will say again, the White House Counsel's Office is investigating the potential abuse of the autopen from the previous administration. This is a really important question to get to the bottom of, and the White House is working with the Department of Justice to do that.

Question: Karoline?

Karoline Leavitt: Go ahead.

Question: Did the White House support Speaker Johnson, uh, canceling the votes today over the Epstein -- the vote over the Epstein files being released?

Karoline Leavitt: I'm not sure if anyone here spoke to the speaker about that. As you know, we're always in pretty good communication with the speaker of the House. But the president himself has said that, um, if the Department of Justice has credible evidence, they should release it.

Question: Karoline? Karoline? On the hostages that you're going -- the hostage families that you're going to be meeting with, any additional information about the release of more hostages in the days and weeks ahead.

Karoline Leavitt: The president has made it very clear in the proposals that he has spoken to the Israelis about and they have agreed upon and that have been sent to Hamas that he wants to see the release of all of the hostages. And that includes the remains of the hostages, who unfortunately, lost their lives while being held hostage in Gaza.

Karoline Leavitt: Um, so that's a critical part of the president's efforts to draw cease fire and bring this war to an end. So I'm going to go inside and talk to those families about that, and I'll see you all tomorrow at the briefing. Thank you.

Question: Karoline?