Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-briefing-karoline-leavitt-the-white-house-march-31-2025

Karoline Leavitt: It's quite the group, yes.

Question: Yes. Karoline, does President Trump have any plans --

Karoline Leavitt: Nice weather. Everybody's out. It's -- it's Monday. We have another big week. On Wednesday it will be Liberation Day in America, as President Trump has so proudly dubbed it. The cabinet will be here for the event. It'll be our first rose garden event of this administration. So, you all will be invited to attend and cover this historic moment.

Karoline Leavitt: The president will be announcing a tariff plan that will roll back the unfair trade practices that have been ripping off our country for decades. He's doing this in the best interest of the American worker. We also had great news this morning on the border. Our homeland security team, our national security team, continues to do an incredibly effective job when it comes to deporting foreign terrorists from American soil.

Karoline Leavitt: 17 Tren de Aragua and MS-13 illegal criminal terrorists were deported from our country back to El Salvador, and they will no longer ever be able to say they can roam free in this country under this president. These were convicted felons, murderers, rapists, who are no longer in our country and I think we should all be very grateful for that.

Karoline Leavitt: I'll take some questions.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Is there anything these countries can do at this point to stave off these tariffs? And has the president decided on the scale and scope of these tariffs?

Karoline Leavitt: Well, I think first of all, unfortunately these countries have been ripping off our country for far too long and they've made, I think, their disdain for the American worker quite clear. If you look at the unfair trade practices that we have, 50 percent from the European Union on American dairy, you have a 700 percent tariff from Japan on American rice.

Karoline Leavitt: You have a 100 percent tariff from India on American agricultural products. You have nearly a 300 percent tariff from Canada on American butter and American cheese. This makes it virtually impossible for American products to be imported into these markets and it has put a lot of Americans out of business and out of work over the past several decades.

Karoline Leavitt: So, it's time for reciprocity and it's time for a president to take historic change to do what's right for the American people, and that's going to take place on Wednesday.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: And what about the scope of them? He said yesterday he would be more generous. What does that mean?

Karoline Leavitt: I will let the president make the announcement on Wednesday, but it's certainly going to ensure that there's reciprocity and the American people are treated fairly.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Karoline, the -- Has the president determined how many countries are going to see these reciprocal tariffs?

Karoline Leavitt: Again, I'll let the president get into the specifics of the announcement, but he has a brilliant team of trade advisors. You have Secretary Bessent, Secretary Lutnick, Jamison Greer, our US Trade Representative, Peter Navarro, of course and Kevin Hassett here at the white House, Stephen Miller as well. The vice president has been deeply involved in these conversations.

Karoline Leavitt: All of these individuals have presented plans to the president on how to get this done and it's the president's decision to make and we will not get ahead of him on the specifics of the announcement.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: -- global stock market sell off caused the White House to rethink any of these plans?

Karoline Leavitt: The president has always said that the stock market is a snapshot of a moment in time and he's doing what's best for Main Street and Wall Street will work out just fine in this administration just like they did in their first term.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: As you said last week, Karoline, you said there would be an investigation or a review into how Jeffrey Goldberg's number got on that group chat. What's the status of that review and what is the status of National Security Advisor, Mike Waltz?

Karoline Leavitt: As the president has made it very clear, Mike Waltz continues to be an important part of his national security team and this case has been closed here at the White House as far as we are concerned. There have been steps made to ensure that something like that can obviously never happen again and we're moving forward.

Karoline Leavitt: And the president, and Mike Waltz, and his entire national security team have been working together very well. If you look at how much safer the United States of America is because of the leadership of this team.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: How confident -- the tariffs. Are there going to be sector by sector announcements this week at the event you're alluding to? Will you be focusing on sectors or more country-based tariffs?

Karoline Leavitt: The goal of Wednesday are country-based tariffs but certainly sector, sectoral, tariffs. The president has said he's committed to implementing them and I'll leave it to him on when he makes that decision and that announcement.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Karoline? Karoline?

Karoline Leavitt: Sure.

Question: Does President Trump still plan to talk to President Putin this week and if so, when?

Karoline Leavitt: I don't have a readout for you on that call, but as always we'll provide a readout. Usually the president likes to let you guys know first especially for big calls like that. Steve?

Question: Any exemptions for farmers being considered for these tariffs?

Karoline Leavitt: No exemptions at this time.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Karoline, Karoline -- The validation guide that DHS is using to determine who is an enemy alien, a Tren de Aragua member and deportable under the Enemy Aliens Act, uh, it -- has criteria here that require eight points to be classified as a TDA member. You can get classified by simply having certain symbols in your tattoos and wearing certain streetwear brands.

Question: That alone is enough to get someone classified as TDA and sent to El Salvador.

Karoline Leavitt: That's not true actually, Andrew.

Question: According to this document, it is.

Karoline Leavitt: No, according to the Department of Homeland Security and the agents -- have you talked to the agents who have been putting their lives on the line to detain these foreign terrorists who have been terrorizing our communities?

Question: I have -- I have --

Karoline Leavitt: TDA is a vicious gang that has taken the lives of American women.

Question: I'm not denying that.

Karoline Leavitt: And our agents on the front lines take up deporting these people with the utmost seriousness. And there is a litany of criteria that they use to ensure that these individuals qualify as foreign terrorists and --

Question: This document says all they need is eight points.

Karoline Leavitt: -- to ensure -- to ensure that they qualify for deportation. And the president made it incredibly clear to the American public that there would be a mass deportation campaign of not just foreign terrorists, but also illegal criminal aliens who have been wreaking havoc on American communities. And shame on you and shame on the mainstream media for trying to cover for these individuals who have --

Question: I'm not trying to cover for anyone. That's not fair.

Karoline Leavitt: -- this is a vicious gang, Andrew. This is a vicious gang that has taken the lives of American women.

Question: I'm not denying that. I'm asking the question -- Based on the document the government filed in court which says, all someone --

Karoline Leavitt: And you said yourself there are -- there are eight criteria on that document.

Question: No, they need eight points.

Karoline Leavitt: And you are questioning the credibility of these agents who are putting their life on the line to protect your life and the life of everybody in this group and everybody across the country.

Question: I'm not questioning their credibility. I'm asking you --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Karoline Leavitt: And their credibility should be questioned. They finally have a president who is allowing them to do their jobs and God bless them for doing it.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Karoline, what method would the president use to potentially run for a third term as he said, there are methods there.

Karoline Leavitt: Look, you guys continue to ask the president this question about a third term and then he answers honestly and candidly with a smile and then everybody here melts down about his answer. Uh, the president was -- talked about this last night on the plane. He said it's not really something we're thinking about.

Karoline Leavitt: He has four years, there's a lot of work to do. We've done a lot in these nearly first 100 days, and the American people love what this president is doing; particularly when it comes to efforts to secure the border.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: How confident is President Trump that he can get a peace deal done in Ukraine? How confident is President Trump that he can get a peace deal done in Ukraine?

Karoline Leavitt: Well, look, the president is working incredibly hard to get a peace deal done between Russia and Ukraine, and he has expressed his displeasure with comments that have been made by leaders of both sides of this conflict. He has expressed what he believes needs to take place in order to see this conflict come to an end.

Karoline Leavitt: He continues to work very hard on it and our teams continue to be engaged.

Question: Karoline, can countries that don't have tariffs on the US, but may have other forms of non-tariff trade barriers, I'm thinking in my case of Australia, can they expect to be hit on, in, Wednesday's announcement or can they expect to be left out and dealt with another time?

Karoline Leavitt: Again, I'll let the president make the announcement on Wednesday, but I think any country that has treated the American people unfairly should expect to receive a tariff in return on Wednesday.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Karoline, you talk about the European Union. Is the president expected to impose those tariffs in blocks or will he distinguish countries within those trading blocs?

Karoline Leavitt: Again, I will let the president get into the specifics of the announcement. It's his announcement to make. It's going to be very exciting. We'll see you guys in the rose garden and you will also hear directly from the president. If you have any lingering questions, 5:30 this afternoon or evening rather, although it's really afternoon for us, that's about midday for this president because he works all night.

Karoline Leavitt: But he'll be signing an executive order. It will be the in-house pool in the Oval Office and we'll see you all there. Thanks guys.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Karoline, has -- going to Saudi Arabia. Thank you, Karoline.