Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-briefing-stephen-miller-the-white-house-march-3-2025

Stephen Miller: Yes, I just -- you have time for like two or three questions, yes?

Question: We're getting reporting that the administration is considering sanctions on Russia. [Inaudible]

Stephen Miller: No. No announcement to make on any issue related to that right now.

Question: Can I ask you, can you talk a little bit about whether [Inaudible].

Question: Hey, hey, hey.

Question: You know, any information you can give us about how [Inaudible] and how he wrote his speech, who's going as guests? [Inaudible]

Stephen Miller: Well, all I can say is that President Trump is the greatest orator we've ever had in the Oval Office. Every time he's done one of these addresses, Americans have been overwhelmingly blown away, excited, thrilled. It is an opportunity for President Trump as only he can, to lay out the last month of record-setting, record-breaking, unprecedented achievements and accomplishments that have made this open to the presidency -- the most successful opening of any presidency we've ever seen in American history.

Question: Stephen, can you confirm that top aides for the president are discussing the military [Inaudible]?

Stephen Miller: No announcements to make on anything related to that issue right now. But I will say that public polling is showing that Americans overwhelmingly support, overwhelmingly support President Trump's approach to the war in Ukraine. And has pushed to have an end to the fighting, a peaceful settlement and end the bloodshed.

Stephen Miller: And that where President Trump is, is where the American people are. We've seen by contrast the incredible underwater numbers from President Biden on Ukraine and the policy of forever war. So, once again, President Trump is leading with strength and leading with purpose and vision, and the American people overwhelmingly support his position.

Question: Stephen, President Putin has expressed interest in cutting a mineral deal with President Trump and the United States. What is the administration's stance on that?

Stephen Miller: I appreciate the question. Again, I'm going to refrain from making any news on the Ukraine war right now. But just reiterate that President Trump remains committed to achieving a peaceful settlement, which is the outcome the American people overwhelmingly seek and desire. I've got time for two more questions.

Question: With the rights at Guantanamo, is the administration backing away [Inaudible]?

Stephen Miller: So far from it. The Guantanamo Bay -- Guantanamo Bay is a pillar of this administration's plan to deal with and remove high-threat criminal aliens, as well as to increase and expand our overall detention capacity. And we are using -- President Trump is deploying a multifaceted approach to ending migrant crime, sealing the southern border, repelling the invasion and shutting down trafficking networks, smuggling networks and now foreign terrorist organizations in the form of criminal cartels and transnational gangs.

Stephen Miller: Gitmo is a major part of that. You've obviously seen more and more assets to put the southern border from the Defense Department. This is a -- this is not just a Homeland security mission. This is a military mission. These are -- the cartels are foreign terrorist organizations and President Trump is deploying all resources and authorities necessary to end the threat from these foreign terrorist organizations.

Stephen Miller: I have time for one more question.

Question: Stephen, you mentioned that Lebanon is --

Stephen Miller: I'll take one more.

Question: -- possibly showing the [Inaudible]. I mean, we're talking about like [Inaudible].

Stephen Miller: I'll let -- I'll let -- I'll let Mr. Witkoff answer that question. I have time for one more question. I'll do two more. You and then you. Thanks. Yes.

Question: [Inaudible]

Stephen Miller: None -- none -- none back to US. No, no, what's it's important to understand -- no. It's important to understand about - is that this is -- and this is an immigration detention facility. So, the objective is to get high-threat criminal aliens out of the United States, not only them, but this is a major part of it, put them into a facility that is safe and secure for some of the most dangerous organizations and entities on the planet.

Stephen Miller: And then find an ultimate and final destination for those aliens. So, we're talking about -- I don't want to get into any operational details, but you are talking about individuals who I'm not -- I'm not exactly [Inaudible]. If they were this close as we are right now and they have the ability to grab a sharp object, they would kill the person that far away in half a second.

Stephen Miller: That is how dangerous they are. If they are not in a -- in a state of constant control, physical control and monitoring, I mean, you give them a pair of eyeglasses, they would break off a piece of the eyeglass and they would stab someone right through the neck. I mean, that's how dangerous these individuals are and they're here in our community.

Stephen Miller: So, we're getting them into a secure facility. Gitmo's also set up by Congress to handle migrant processing in a more general way, too. And we're working on building out that capacity or the emphasis right now is on these very high-threat criminal aliens. I want to underscore that -- that President Trump, he's made the designation, Tren de Aragua, MS-13, six criminal cartels in Mexico are now -- now all designated as foreign terrorist organizations.

Stephen Miller: And so, that means that we are going to conduct military and law enforcement cooperative security operations like Gitmo to remove that threat from our communities. One more question.

Question: [Inaudible]

Stephen Miller: No, I have no preview on that right now. So, I'll take one more question. Yes?

Question: [Inaudible]

Stephen Miller: I'm -- I'm not going to break any news or any surprises. I'll take one more question that I can answer. Yes?

Question: Vice President Vance is going to the border on Wednesday after tomorrow night's address. Will President Trump be making any trips after the address?

Stephen Miller: Well, I think the -- let the White House team that is working on the joint address plans announce that. But I would just say that the -- the success story this administration has to tell because of its actions on the border, because of President Trump's actions on the border, is truly without equal. President Trump came into office.

Stephen Miller: He deployed the military. He set up a series of historic international agreements, deployed new law enforcement strategies, new prosecution strategies and significant counter cartel and counter smuggling strategies that have resulted in a 95 percent drop in illegal crossings. And of course, those who do cross face significant, steep criminal penalties and deportation from the country.

Stephen Miller: So, it is the most -- you will never find an example of any law enforcement threat or national security threat where you have achieved such a rapid 180 in approach, strategy and results. And it is truly something to celebrate, while at the same time recognizing that the criminal cartels control and govern the FTO's, the territory in Mexico and represent a continued sustained and dire threat to the United States.

Stephen Miller: And the American government, under President Trump's leadership, will continue to explore all options necessary to deal with that dire threat. Thank you all.

Question: Thank you, [Inaudible]. Have a good one. All right? Thank you very much, guys. Thank you. I don't know. I've got [Inaudible].