Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-briefing-pam-bondi-the-white-house-june-11-2025

Question: Good morning.

Pam Bondi: Good morning. How are you?

Unidentified: We have time for a couple questions, guys.

Pam Bondi: I do have a 9 o'clock meeting, you guys.

Question: Attorney general, [Inaudible] said the president used the word insurrection, insurrectionist repeatedly. What is his bar for invoking the Insurrection Act? And can you describe some of the conversations around that particular topic that have been underway?

Pam Bondi: Well, sure, right now it's keeping California safe. If -- if Gavin Newsom isn't going to keep California safe, we are. You know, they imposed a curfew last night. I think that helped a bit. But today, we wanted them to declare -- they didn't declare an economic disaster out there with all of the businesses.

Pam Bondi: Had they done that, Kelly Loeffler and the Small Business Association could have come in and helped given federal aid to all of these businesses in California. We've been seeing on the news all of these drugstores getting robbed, getting looted. The Apple Store just got raided. I mean, we're all watching this live on the news.

Pam Bondi: And this isn't just looting to me, if you think people just run in and take something, leave and nothing happens. We're using the Hobbs Act. We are charging robbery to protect Californians under this. If you loot a store, we are going to charge you with robbery under the Hobbs Act. And you're looking at maximum 20 years in prison.

Pam Bondi: But we're going to prosecute you for that. I -- you know, identifying people now, it's a different world. The guy with the cinder blocks. We were able to identify him. Great FBI work. DEA, ATF, all working together with ICE, with Homeland Security, great partnership out there. And our National Guard -- to wrap back to your question, our National Guard, our Marines, they have come in to protect our buildings, to protect.

Pam Bondi: The Marines have come in to protect the National Guard. It is total chaos out there. We're all watching it on the news. And you know, they're -- they're throwing bricks. We had a -- a law enforcement officer injured. They're throwing bricks at cars. And this is very orchestrated. They're not just cinder bricks.

Pam Bondi: They had hammers in place. They're breaking them up. We've all seen on the news where the sidewalks, they're coming in with these huge sledgehammers, breaking up the sidewalks and taking these huge pieces of concrete, throwing them off a bridge, throwing them at people. It's truly a miracle that no one has been seriously injured or killed yet.

Pam Bondi: But we're going to do everything within our legal authority to protect our law enforcement officers and all the people in California right now. You know, you guys, this is serious out there. We want to protect people. We want to protect law enforcement, and all the hard working people there who are trying to go to work every day.

Pam Bondi: Their businesses are shuttered. They can't do anything because of this. And it has to stop.

Question: Attorney general, what's open the legal authority part of that. Again -- just lets us that again. What is the threshold for invoking the Insurrection Act? And beyond California --

Pam Bondi: Sure.

Question: Are you seeing examples in other cities where the president might have to consider --

Pam Bondi: Sure.

Question: [Inaudible]

Pam Bondi: Well -- well, first in other cities, well we've seen it in New York, but what happened in New York was very different. NYPD came in right away. NYPD came in and shut it down. We all believe in peaceful protest. You saw New York. There were peaceful protests happening in New York. Much different situation.

Pam Bondi: So law enforcement, they need to have their hands untied where they can do their jobs. Right now, in California, what we're doing is working by bringing in the National Guard by bringing in the Marines right now to back them up to protect our federal buildings, to protect the highways, to protect the citizens.

Pam Bondi: So right now, in California, we're at a good point. We're not -- we're not scared to go further. We're not frightened to do something else if we need to.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Pam Bondi: Right now, we're trying to --

Question: Hammers banging up sidewalks, is it something else? Like, what -- what's the threshold for --

Pam Bondi: Well, right now, we're -- right now we're hoping it's going to get under control. We hope the curfew will work. And we're going to continue to do everything we can to keep California safe if the government of California is not going to help them. One more question.

Question: One more question.

Pam Bondi: Sure.

Question: The administration has talked a lot about defunding law enforcement over the last week or so that the protests are going on.

Pam Bondi: Yeah.

Question: But you've been criticized for having a double standard with the President pardoning. All these people who attacked police officers on January 6th in his first day in office. How do you answer that criticism?

Pam Bondi: Well, this is very different. These are people out there hurting people in California right now. This is ongoing. No longer. We're going to protect them. We're going to do everything we can to prosecute violent criminals in California. California is burning. These people are waving Mexican flags, yet they don't want anyone to go back to Mexico.

Pam Bondi: They're burning American flags. This is a United States of America and we're going to protect Americans. We're going to protect all citizens out there. Thank you.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Pam Bondi: You guys have a great day.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Pam Bondi: Thank you.