Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-briefing-karoline-leavitt-the-white-house-february-4-2025

Question: Hi, Karoline.

Karoline Leavitt: Hey, Elena, how are you?

Question: I'm good. Can we ask you a couple questions?

Karoline Leavitt: Yes, sure.

Question: I wanted to ask first, I saw that Israeli media is reporting that the president is expected to watch a documentary -- a documentary of Hamas's October 7th tragedies. And that Steve Witkoff has actually recommended he watch that --

Karoline Leavitt: OK.

Question: -- before he meets with Prime Minister Netanyahu. Do you know if he's seen that documentary?

Karoline Leavitt: I have not heard that report nor have I been made aware if the president has seen that or not, but I can check. And as for Mr. Witkoff, I think you'll be hearing from him out here today. We're going to try to make him available to talk to the press.

Question: Right. And also, just about China and the tariffs. One, is there any update on when the president is expected to speak with President Xi? And also, any reaction to their, you know, 10 to 15 percent tariffs that they've now imposed in retaliation?

Karoline Leavitt: I don't have any updates on when that call will take place. As you heard from the president yesterday, it is being scheduled and will happen very soon. But the president made it very clear with the 10 percent tariff on China that he is not going to allow China to continue to source and distribute deadly fentanyl into our country.

Karoline Leavitt: That was the reason for this tariff. It was a retaliatory tariff on China for the last four years of their unprecedented distribution of fentanyl into our nation's borders. So, when that call happens, we will provide a readout like we always do.

Question: And also -- go ahead. What do you expect from Netanyahu's visit? Why isn't the president confident that the truth will hold?

Karoline Leavitt: Well, I think you'll hear more from both President Trump and the prime minister later this afternoon. And I think the fact that this is the first working visit from a foreign leader here at the White House shows that President Trump will continue to stand strongly with Israel. And he is wholeheartedly committed to ensuring all of the hostages return home and standing with our Israeli allies.

Karoline Leavitt: Thank you, guys.

Question: RFK Jr faces a critical vote today.

Karoline Leavitt: Yes.

Question: Do you have any [Inaudible]

Karoline Leavitt: I feel great. [Inaudible] a very popular slogan [Inaudible] country. And there's tens of millions of Americans who are hopeful that RFK Jr will be the next HHS secretary and we expect all Senate Republicans to stand tough and strong and vote for him.

Question: When can we expect the talks with China today?