Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-briefing-kevin-hassett-the-white-house-august-27-2025

Kevin Hassett: Guys, just -- just a few, though. It's that time of morning when the meeting's all start.

Question: Right.

Kevin Hassett: Yeah.

Question: Yes.

Question: All right, Director. Quick question about Lisa Cook and --

Kevin Hassett: Kevin, please.

Question: Ok, Kevin.

Kevin Hassett: Yeah. Thank you.

Question: We'll keep it casual this Wednesday morning. A question about Lisa Cook and the firing that President Trump is aiming to take. Do you think that he has the authority to do that? And is this an effort to ultimately lower interest rates like --

Kevin Hassett: Well, the president absolutely has authority to fire a Fed governor for cause. And I think the accusations are serious, and I look forward to seeing the outcome of the -- the dispute. I -- I think that, you know, if it were me and I had made the mistakes on the mortgage forums that are accused, and I -- and I -- I would either deny it because it was not true or I would go on leave until people resolved the matter.

Kevin Hassett: And the fact that she's not doing that now suggests that she's being partisan, is trying to make a partisan stance, which is contrary to the independence of the Fed, really.

Question: Do you believe that she should be presumed innocent, considering she hasn't been found guilty, or do you think she should just take leave?

Kevin Hassett: That -- it -- well, I -- if I were her in her circumstance, I would take leave right now. I think it's the honorable thing to do.

Question: And who do you think should replace her?

Kevin Hassett: That's something that'll be up to the president.

Question: So, you're saying, Kevin, there's nothing in your past, either when you were in the administrations or out of the administrations, that won't come back to bite you one day when you're serving at the --

Kevin Hassett: I'm --

Question: Federal Reserve?

Kevin Hassett: I've been through Senate confirmation. I've been through security clearances. And so, yes, I guess that's what I'm saying.

Question: Kevin, just backing up, is there an actual investigation into this, or is this just going off of news reports? You said these allegations.

Kevin Hassett: My understanding is that it's been handed off to the Justice Department for --

Question: Sorry. One more time, sir?

Kevin Hassett: My understanding is it's been handed off to the Justice Department for investigation.

Question: When it comes to the tariffs on India that were implemented today, can you talk about what the negotiations look like? It seems like there's been a stall. We heard from Secretary Bessent this morning --

Kevin Hassett: Yeah.

Question: Who said that this relationship is complicated. Can you tell us as of this morning where that stands?

Kevin Hassett: Yeah, I -- I think that -- that it is a complicated relationship, that it's integrated some with the problems that we're trying to put extra pressure on Russia so that we could get a peace deal to save millions of lives and the Indian intransigence about opening their markets to our products. And so, I think that when you're looking at trade negotiations, one thing I think we've all learned is that you need to keep your eyes on the horizon and recognize that there are going to be ebbs and flows in things before we reach the final position.

Kevin Hassett: And -- and if the Indians don't budge, I don't think President Trump will either. So, thank you, guys, very much. I got to run on to the next thing.