Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-briefing-tom-homan-the-white-house-march-4-2025

Question: Tom, a couple of quick questions.

Tom Homan: I've got time for two questions.

Question: Just have one second. Mr. Holman, I was on the enforcement operations early this morning in Virginia. Just a question for you, when ICE encounters undocumented families, do you separate children from their parents?

Tom Homan: No, there's no plans to separate families. Matter of fact, I've noticed recently there's news articles saying Tom Homan is suggesting family detention again, family residential centers, and I am. Family residential centers are the opposite of family separation, why are we even talking about family residential centers?

Tom Homan: Because this administration, President Trump, wants to make sure these children aren't victims of trafficking. He wants to make sure this family is really a family. This is about saving children and protecting children. Let's talk about DNA testing, getting back to enforcing the law, at the same time protecting children which the last administration didn't do.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: -- the president asked Congress to --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: -- microphone, please. How much money will the president ask Congress today for immigration?

Tom Homan: I'm not aware of that number. All I know, we need the money to continue doing what we're doing. We need money for more beds, we need money for more flights, we need money to keep concentrating on the worst of the worst. We're -- you know, ICE is already in the hole and we need Congress to step up and give us the funding we need so President Trump can keep his promise to the American people.

Tom Homan: President Trump -- look, border numbers are down 97 percent. That's the most secure border we've ever had because this president's bold actions, right? He was a game changer. ICE arrests, I looked this morning, they're just below 30,000, more than twice as many as Biden did in his administration. We're hitting on all cylinders, but we need more money to do more, and that's what we're going to do. We're going to keep President Trump's promise to address to the worst of the worst criminals in this country.

Tom Homan: I'll say it once again, if you're in the country illegally, you're not off the table. So, sanctuary cities want to keep locking us out of jails. They force us into the neighborhood to find a bad guy. When we find the bad guy, many times they're with others, others who aren't a criminal priority but are in the country illegally, they're coming too, because ICE is going to enforce the law.

Tom Homan: We're not going to turn our back on someone illegally in the United States. ICE is going to enforce the laws enacted by the members of Congress and signed by president.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: What happens to the kids in that scenario? Sir, the tariffs -- last question. The tariffs imposed by the US on Mexico and Canada, the tariffs that the US is imposing today. How confident are you that those tariffs will reduce the flow of illegal narcotics and the flow of illegal immigration into the US?

Tom Homan: I'm very confident in the president's plan. I think the president is doing exactly what he should be doing. Again, look at the success he's had. We had border numbers down 90 percent in three weeks. Things this president is going to do in the next four to six months, I mean, I agree with the president's policies on this.

Tom Homan: I think he's a game changer. I think for the once in the history of this nation, we'll finally have operational control of the southern border because we got a president sitting in the Oval Office that's going to make sure we do that.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: On Fort Bliss -- on Fort Bliss, Mr. Homan.