Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-briefing-karoline-leavitt-the-white-house-february-6-2025

Question: Karoline. Morning.

Karoline Leavitt: It's cold out here.

Question: It is [Inaudible]

Karoline Leavitt: I didn't wear a jacket today.

Question: Karoline, Catholic Relief Services -- Catholic Relief Services which helps vulnerable people around the globe is urging President Trump to continue funding their organization.

Karoline Leavitt: Sure.

Question: Your response please?

Karoline Leavitt: Sure, well, I would defer you to the State Department on which foreign organizations or organizations that work overseas, humanitarian aid organizations, will continue to be funded. Secretary Rubio has been tasked with now being the acting administrator of USAID. As you all know, we have streamlined USAID into the State Department.

Karoline Leavitt: Hi, Rachel, and so, we want to ensure that we're being good stewards of the American taxpayers' dollars. He is currently going line by line to ensure that foreign aid to private organizations, public organizations or government organizations, aligns with America's interests. So, I defer you to them. Sure, Libby?

Question: Two percent of federal employees have accepted that buyout that was offered. Is that --

Karoline Leavitt: Sure.

Question: -- less than the White House was anticipating?

Karoline Leavitt: Well, the last time I checked in with the Office of Personnel and Management, there was more than 40,000 individuals, federal workers who had accepted the buyout program. We expect that number to increase and that alone, just the 40,000, again we expect it to increase, is going to save the American people tens of millions of dollars.

Karoline Leavitt: And we encourage federal workers in this city to accept the very generous offer. If they don't want to show up to the office, if they want to rip the American people off, then they're welcome to take this buyout and we'll find highly competent individuals who want to fill these roles.

Question: Hi, just to follow up on that, to follow up on that, after that deadline tonight passes, I know a lot of people at the White House have said they're still going to be widespread layoffs that would come imminently. Can you expand more on what that would look like?

Karoline Leavitt: I was just asked that on television. I have not had -- been part of the discussions about the layoffs in particular. I'm not even sure if that's true. I can check and get back to you.

Question: Oh, I was going to ask if you have any updates on the meeting with the lawmakers since we went on this afternoon?

Karoline Leavitt: I understand the meeting is still ongoing and it was -- been quite some time. They're talking about the budget and the priorities from this administration, the tax priority.

Question: If I could, the -- the House Republicans are floating the idea of a five-year extension of the Trump tax cuts. Trump -- President Trump wants it permanent. Would he sign a bill that has just a five-year extension?

Karoline Leavitt: So, I'm glad you brought up taxes. Do you mind holding this so I can bring my receipts? I like to bring the receipts. So, these are the tax priorities of the Trump administration that the president has laid out for members in that meeting today. No tax on tips, which is obviously a very public campaign promise that the president made.

Karoline Leavitt: No tax on seniors Social Security. No tax on overtime pay. Renewing President Trump's 2017 middle class tax cuts. Again, these are the president's priorities. Adjusting the SALT cap, eliminate all the special tax breaks for billionaire sports team owners, close the carried interest tax deduction loophole, tax cuts for Made in America products.

Karoline Leavitt: This will be the largest tax cut in history for middle-class working Americans. The president is committed to working with Congress to get this done. Thank you.

Question: A permanent extension?