Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-briefing-tom-homan-the-white-house-august-6-2025

Question: Hi, Mr. Homan.

Tom Homan: All right.

Question: Mr. Homan.

Question: So --

Tom Homan: Let's all -- let's all be --

Question: Why Indiana?

Tom Homan: Nice. Pardon me?

Question: Why Indiana for this latest detention center?

Tom Homan: Why not? I mean, bottom line is the states are playing a role in this administration's efforts to remove public safety threats from this nation as quick as possible, illegal alien public safety threats, national security threats. States are playing a role. I'm happy. I'm happy for their participation and coordination and efforts.

Question: How quickly could we see it up and running?

Tom Homan: I don't -- I don't have an exact deadline on it. I know it's -- we're looking about a thousand bed facility. And -- and I just -- like I just said in another interview, I'd like to see more. I'd -- I'd like to see bigger facilities that -- you know, 4,000 or 5,000 people. Just creates more efficiencies, near an airstrip and move people in and out quicker, bigger population, but the thousand beds help.

Tom Homan: I've said from day one we need 100,000 beds. That's what we asked for in the big beautiful bill, and we got it. 100,000 beds will create more efficiencies and allow ICE agents to arrest more bad people on the street. And with us hiring at a massive rate, more boots on the ground, meaning arresting more criminals, which means we need more beds.

Tom Homan: Everybody arrested needs a bed cause they're going to be in custody for several days, several weeks or several months depending on the specific case. But the more beds we have, the more success we're going to see.

Question: Do you have a cost estimate yet? Mr. Homan -- Is this the Speedway Slammer? Is the administration considering any federal action in Portland, where we see antifa besieged one of the buildings there for over a month now and assaulting and attacking journalists on the ground?

Tom Homan: We'll see about that. I'm going to Portland.

Question: Mr. Homan? Mr. Homan, Scripps News has learned that there was a major medical incident at Alligator Alcatraz.

Tom Homan: A major what?

Question: Major medical incident at Alligator Alcatraz.

Tom Homan: What was it?

Question: Could you -- what could you tell us about that?

Tom Homan: I can tell you I went to Alligator Alcatraz two days ago, and I'm sick and tired of false stories about Alligator Alcatraz. Someone asked me the other day that a priest wasn't allowed in to give mass. Wrong. They got the records there. They showed me records. Clergy had been allowed on there. And I -- I -- I walked through the medical facility there.

Tom Homan: Not one person was in the trauma unit at all. I talked to the -- the -- the head medical person shared with me, you know, what they're getting. Some people don't -- you know, a stomachache or -- or, you know, nothing serious has happened there. And if something serious is happening, they got a helicopter right there to take people to the nearest trauma center.

Tom Homan: So, what I saw was a well-run facility. And I -- the reason I went down there is because I get asked these questions all the time about the terrible, terrible Alligator Alcatraz. I went down there, and what I found out is there's a lot of fake stories out there about medical attention, about, you know, religious freedom and having clergy there.

Tom Homan: I went down there. I looked at it. I looked -- I looked at the books. So, it was just simply a false story.

Question: Will you talk -- Mr. Homan -- Can you say a word about -- Will this be named Speedway Slammer -- Will you be -- After IndyCar rejected it? Can you say a word about reassigning state --

Tom Homan: Look, I'm -- I don't name the facilities, but I'll say this. The -- the work of ICE, the men and women of ICE are trying to do their job with integrity and honor. I don't want these names to take -- you know, detract from that. So, not naming the facilities, but I -- I wasn't involved in that. But I want people to focus on the hard work and the dangerous work the men and women of ICE are doing, and they're doing it with integrity and honor, and I want us to stick to that.

Tom Homan: And so, I don't want the names taken over the great work they're doing. This is serious work and it's dangerous work, so I'm going to stick with that.

Question: But can you -- Well, can we get your reaction to the judge considering halting operations at Alligator Alcatraz over environmental concerns?

Tom Homan: Environment -- I don't understand environmental concerns there because I was down there. So, all -- you know, they -- they take waste out of there every day. They're not having any impact. They haven't put one foot of concrete down that wasn't already there. I mean, the -- the airport was already there, runway's already there.

Tom Homan: They're moving waste in and out every day. They're moving, you know, sewage water in and out every day. So, I don't see any environmental impact. Again, the -- the judge that will make that ruling, go down there and look at it yourself. I'm sick and tired of the radical judges trying to shut down everything we're doing.

Tom Homan: It's ridiculous.

Question: Sir, what --

Tom Homan: I thought the Supreme Court was pretty clear last month about these radical judges trying to, you know, stop the Trump administration from implementing our agenda that American people voted for.

Question: Immigration advocates say that -- What about -- Mr. Homan --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: -- expect deportees be sent to Rwanda?

Tom Homan: What's the question?

Question: When can we expect the first deportees to be sent to Rwanda?

Tom Homan: Working on it.

Question: Immigration advocates -- Mr. Homan, you're branding us -- Argue that the detainees at Alligator Alcatraz are in inhumane conditions, including flooded facilities, spoiled food, sweltering heat, and they have limited access to their attorney.

Tom Homan: Bunch of crap. I was there. I walked through detainee facilities. I walked through the medical facilities. I walked through the cafeteria. I had them show me, what did you feed these people today? I saw the lunch when they fed them. They're -- they ate better yesterday than I am eating today, bottom line.

Tom Homan: That's the God's -- and -- and I looked at what they're giving them for dinner. I did it just so I can push back on the fake media stories here. I went down there. I saw the meals. I'd sit down and have one of those meals. And I went through the -- I didn't see any flooding. I went through facilities where they're being detained.

Tom Homan: The air -- the air conditioning, the level of comfort, I was wearing a suit and I wasn't sweating. So, again, fake stories.

Question: Mr. Homan -- TPS for Ukrainian people, Mr. Homan? With the -- can I ask a question about -- TPS for Ukrainian people. President Trump told that he gonna extend TPS status and you -- for you -- for Ukrainian people. Are you going to do that?

Tom Homan: That's -- that's the secretary of Homeland -- that's Kristi Noem's call, not mine.

Question: Two questions for you. Who -- Sir, can I just ask about --

Tom Homan: Yeah.

Question: FEMA? So, there's reports that you're going to be assigning -- reassigning FEMA agents to work with ICE. Is that -- would that be a temporary thing, or are you talking about that as a permanent thing?

Tom Homan: I have not heard that. You're the first one to say that to me, so I'm not aware of that.

Question: And are you still -- Mr. Homan, are you still targeting this 3,000 arrests a day, a target, or how should we think about your capacity to arrest with these new resources?

Tom Homan: Look, I -- I think Department of Justice -- you know, 3,000 arrests, people say what a ridiculous number. Do the math. We'd have to arrest 7,000 people every day for the remainder of this administration just to remove the people Joe Biden released in the country. 3,000, in my opinion, is -- is -- is not a target.

Tom Homan: It's not my target. But, you know, anybody says 3,000 -- 3,000 is a ridiculous, you know, goal, I'll say look at the numbers. We'd have to arrest more than twice many of that just remove the people that Biden let in, and that's not counting the 12, 15 million already here. So, I don't think anybody's working on a goal of 3,000. I -- I think -- I look at the numbers every day, and I think the men and women of ICE are doing a great job.

Tom Homan: I hope we get over 3,000 a day when we bring these additional resources on, additional beds, additional transportation contracts. Because, again, and despite what some of you are all saying, we're -- most of the people we're arresting aren't criminals, again, crap, wrong. I look at the number -- every morning, the first thing I do is look at the numbers.

Tom Homan: The numbers I looked at this morning, 70 percent of everybody ICE is arresting is a criminal. For some of y'all saying, well, they're not criminal enough, just a DUI, 10,000 people a year die from DUI. Bottom line is 70 percent of everybody ICE arrested is a criminal. Who's the other 30 percent they're arresting?

Tom Homan: So, when you write the stories, why -- why don't we just be honest and tell the whole story? Many of then are national security threats that don't have criminal history cause most national security threats lay low. They don't wanna encounter law enforcement while they're here. For instance, over 300 Iranian nationals, probably not criminals, don't have a criminal history, but they're national security.

Tom Homan: And they need to be arrested and taken off the streets. Who are the other ones? Many of them are final orders. These are people who had due process at great taxpayer expense, and a federal judge ordered them removed. And our job under statute is to remove them. So, we find them, we remove them. May not be criminals, but they had the due process.

Tom Homan: The reason we're doing that, because if we don't, we send a message to the whole world it's ok to cross the border illegally. It's a crime but don't worry about it. Show up in court or not show up in court and get a final -- final order of removal from a federal judge, but don't worry about it. As long as you don't commit another crimes, no one's looking for you.

Tom Homan: If that's the message we send the whole world, you're never going to fix this issue. There are millions of people standing in line doing things the right way, taking their tests, doing their background investigation, paying their fees. They're sitting in the back seat while we had 10.5 million illegal aliens come to the border, who -- a vast majority of them were asylum cheaters.

Tom Homan: You can call them asylum seekers all you want. I guess that's an accurate term. But look at the immigration court data. Nine out of ten people claim asylum at the border end up an order of removal. They cheated the system ahead of thousands of people in the world who really do need our protection. They really do need to asylum to protect them from their home government.

Tom Homan: They're sitting in the back seat. What the Trump administration is doing, we're enforcing laws enacted by Congress. President Trump is keeping his promise. And look at the crime rates already. Every public safety threat ICE takes off the street makes this country safer. Every national security threat we take off the street makes this country safer.

Tom Homan: Every illegal alien with a final deportation order that we remove sends a strong message to the whole world. It's not ok to enter this country illegally. It is a crime. It is not ok to be here illegally. And if you're here illegally, you got a problem. You should be looking over your shoulder. It's not ok to be here illegally, like it wouldn't be ok for me to be in any other country illegally.

Tom Homan: We're enforcing immigration law. That's what American people put President Trump in the Oval Office for. President Trump's success on the border is unprecedented. We've got the most secure border in the history in the nation today. I've worked with six presidents starting with Ronald Reagan. No one has come close to the success of the Trump administration on border security.

Tom Homan: And I looked at the numbers this morning. Again, over 300,000 repatriations since January when President Trump came in office. Do the math. That's historic, especially when 70 percent of those are public safety threats and national security threats. No one does it better than the man sitting in the White House here, Donald Trump.

Tom Homan: And I'm proud -- every day when I wake up, I am proud to work for this -- this president, because he's making this country safe again every day, and you all see the numbers.

Question: Mr. Homan, what is the cost -- what are the cost estimates for -- Are you successfully -- if your government is successful in taking the migrants to Rwanda, what gives you confidence that you will be successful? And how do you see this process working?

Tom Homan: Well, ok, is it going to be successful? Look at the numbers. You honest -- you've never seen numbers this good.

Question: I think UK government was not successful in sending migrants to Rwanda, UK government.

Tom Homan: They're not the United States of America. They don't have President Trump running the show.

Question: Mr. Homan, a question on -- Sir, are there any plans -- Farmworkers. The president said in his interview with CNBC that he wants to work with farmers to help them with their labor needs, so we're sending back -- migrant farmworkers back to their countries and then with a pass back in legally. What does that mean?

Question: Because the administration has been a little inconsistent in describing the case for migrant farmworkers.

Tom Homan: No, I'm not --

Question: Is that a system in place right now? Because the president said that's what was happening, that migrants are being sent back to their home countries and then being given a pass to come back here to work on the farms.

Tom Homan: I don't know. I mean, I'm not going to get ahead of the president. I don't think there's been any formal policy that's been assigned or pushed out to the agencies. Until we have a final plan, I'm not going to comment on it because I'm not involved in those discussions right now. So, I'm not going to get ahead of the president.

Tom Homan: We'll see where it goes. I -- I -- I know the president made a statement that farmers may need help. And I know him and others are -- are -- are talking about it, and we'll see what comes out of it. I don't want to get ahead of the president.

Question: Are there still operations happening at farms and agriculture facilities?

Tom Homan: We'll do operations -- like, the worksite operations are based on, again, a prioritization. We're trying to -- we're trying to prioritize worksite enforcement based on criminal activity. Like, the -- like, the warrant we served in Los Angeles that started all the riots. People said that, oh, ICE -- here's ICE do another racial profiling operation, which was total garbage.

Tom Homan: We were serving criminal warrants at a facility that was involved with money laundering, tax evasion and trafficking. That's why we were there. So, we try to prioritize our -- our work site enforcement on criminal cases, those we have information of -- of labor -- forced labor trafficking, or those we have information on tax evasion.

Tom Homan: So, that's what we're doing. We -- we prioritize everything we do. So, if -- if -- if there's a hotel that we know there's -- there's -- there's -- there's criminal sex trafficking or criminal labor trafficking or someone who's being abused, someone's endangered, we'll go and investigate.

Question: How many -- Mr. Homan, what are the --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: -- at home have? What are the cost estimates -- Mr. Homan, what are the cost estimates for this detention center in Indiana? Who came up with the name? And also, how much is this going to look like Alligator Alcatraz?

Tom Homan: I don't know who came up with the name. And I don't know the -- I don't know the details, but I'll say this. Again, a thousand beds come in very handy, and I'm glad the states are stepping up to help us do this. Every bed -- every bed we bring on we fill pretty quickly. I mean, we don't have less than several hundred beds this morning.

Tom Homan: We'll fill them by tomorrow morning. So, the more beds we bring on -- and, look, I'll say it again. I am happy that governors are stepping up wanting to help with this, because interior enforcement's their responsibility too. They -- they saw what happened to the crime rates. They see what happened to all the US citizens that were attacked by people not supposed to be here.

Tom Homan: They've read all the stories on the young women raped and murdered by members of -- of criminal cartels that were released in this country Biden administration. They're angry too, and they're happy that President Trump's taking action to -- to not only secure the border at the highest level ever, but to make this country safe again.

Tom Homan: I'm glad governors are stepping up. But I'll say it again. I would like to see bigger facilities that'd more efficient holding several thousand people, but a thousand bed facility is a great help because we need those thousand beds. We need them today. So, the quicker they bring it on, the better.

Question: What about the cost estimates? What will be the administration's next move if the judge does order to halt operations at Alligator Alcatraz?

Tom Homan: Well, we'll do what we always do. We'll -- we'll -- we'll litigate it, we'll appeal it, and we'll win. I mean, bottom line is why would you stop operations at a facility that has no issues as far as I'm concerned? Matter of fact, if -- why would we -- oh, that facility reminded me yesterday, those I walked through.

Tom Homan: When our FEMA employees go and set up their base camps, facility's just as good as what we send our FEMA employees to, if not better. There is no issues with Alligator -- Alligator Alcatraz. And I can say that comfortably because I was there. I was just there the day before yesterday. I saw it. I walked through it. I walked through every square foot of that facility, again, the detention facility, the -- where they prepare the food, the medical facility.

Tom Homan: I got a briefing on all the SOPs on if a hurricane come, you know, where do they -- where -- where do they -- what's the plans for, you know, evacuation? I mean, where do you put the most significant criminals compared to the lesser criminal? They got it covered. And -- and I -- I think -- I think it's a good facility.

Question: Tom? Can you give us --

Tom Homan: I -- I didn't see a single issue, and I was there all day.

Question: Tom, can you update us -- Can you give us an estimate on the -- On the hiring process -- How many people are using the -- How many more ICE agents you need? And are you getting a tick in people applying?

Tom Homan: We have no problem recruiting. We got record numbers. Border Patrol has a record number of people wanting to come part of the Border Patrol, overwhelming number. ICE's the same way. I've shared this couple weeks ago. I actually had -- used to have a LinkedIn account, and I had to shut it down because I had thousands and thousands of people reaching out to me with, whether they're -- just got out of the military or whether they're, you know, police officers in -- in counties and cities or retired ICE agents, retired Border agents, your average Americans.

Tom Homan: I mean, I -- I -- I love them all for wanting to come part, but it was shutting me down. So, there's no lack of men and women that want to come and -- and join this administration because they've seen the great things this administration's doing.

Question: Is the administration at all -- And Mr. Homan, is that part of the reason why -- Concerned about ISIS recruiting techniques? The age cap was eliminated by ICE? Because you've had more individuals coming that may be ex-ICE agents or --

Tom Homan: The what was?

Question: The age cap limit for officers to join ICE is no longer 37. You can be older than 40 now.

Tom Homan: Yeah, I think it's a good thing. Yeah. I'm 63, and I'd love to put a badge and gun on and go out there and do these things. I mean, bottom line is you got a lot of patriots. And I think, you know, the age limits are -- are decades old and we need to look into that. But just because -- if someone comes in and they're -- you know, they're 55, maybe they can't carry a badge and gun, they can certainly do administrative duties and help ICE.

Tom Homan: They can do targeting.

Tom Homan: They can do intelligence, things that don't put them on the street with a badge and gun. So, we'll welcome a lot of people that come, not just doing law enforcement work but doing the other work that doesn't require badge and gun. And when they -- when they do that work, that means the badge and gun that's doing that work can leave that work and go on the street and let the new guy sit there and do the -- the job that doesn't require a badge and a gun.

Question: Sir, are there any plans -- Is the administration at all concerned that -- To protect people here under DACA?

Tom Homan: Ma'am?

Question: Sir, are there any plans to protect people here under DACA from deportation?

Tom Homan: President Trump is -- has -- you know, he's been clear on that. And -- and you don't see -- again, the prioritization speaks for itself, public safety threats and national security threats. So, that's what prioritization is. No one's prioritizing DACA. And -- and -- and -- and like under first Trump administration, he came up with a plan fix DACA.

Tom Homan: And who shut it down?

Tom Homan: Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer. And that's with President Trump. One more question. I need [Inaudible]

Question: Ok. Is the administration -- Can you give us an estimate of how many people are using the CBP Home app to self-deport?

Tom Homan: I haven't looked at that recently. Last time I looked, it was about 7,000 last time. And that was weeks ago. It was a 7,000. But I think there have been several studies done. Over a million illegal aliens have left this country on their own. I think they're -- they're seeing a couple of things. Number one, they want the ability to come back under a legal program.

Tom Homan: And then we said it before. If we have -- if you get formally deported and we have to go find you and go through that whole process, there's a statutory bar on you ever coming back anywheres from five years to 20 years depending on a specific case, sometimes never coming back. So, I think the message the secretary's been sending is, if you're in the country illegally, you're on your own and need opportunities for the future.

Tom Homan: And -- you know, and you can get your affairs in order, contact ICE, they'll get you a plane home. Once you get there, they'll give you $1,000 to help, you know, get you started. But that's the right way to do it. And I hope more people do it.

Question: Hey, Tom, real quick --

Question: Thank you, sir.

Question: Indiana -- excuse me, Illinois Congresswoman Delia Ramirez this week has said she -- born in Chicago to Guatemalan parents, said she's more proud to be a Guatemalan -- I'll give you the exact quote. I'm a proud Guatemalan before I'm an American. Congressman Andy Ogles has said she should be deported over this.

Question: Should she face any consequences as a sitting Congress member?

Tom Homan: I think what she said is disgusting, right? I mean, she's a sitting US Congresswoman, a citizen of this country. She's serving at the privilege of her state -- her -- her voters put her in there. So, I think her -- her commitment should be to the -- her state and the people that put her in that position.

Tom Homan: That should be her constituency. And I think what she said there was in a veiled way supporting illegal aliens from her -- Guatemala that are here, and -- and it's a veiled shot at ICE. The PC is what she's doing, right? What -- what she needs to know is ICE is deporting thousands of nationals of Guatemala every week, and we're gonna continue that until every illegal alien from Guatemala is removed in this country.

Tom Homan: That's what the people voted for and that's what we're going to do. It's unfortunate she said that. I wish -- I wish she -- you know, it's -- it's ridiculous.

Question: Mr. Homan, I have a question for the Lebanese -- Can you stand in front of --

Tom Homan: Pardon?

Question: For the Lebanese that -- they are in the country, that they have temporary protected status in the country, and they are Lebanese and they are in the country. Should the -- should the community in the US prepare for stricter ICE enforcement or for possible deportation if they are under temporary protected status?

Tom Homan: I'm not going to get ahead of the secretary on that. TPS is her decision, not mine. Thanks, folks.