Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-briefing-alina-habba-the-white-house-february-25-2025

Question: And what do you say to your departments that have told their employees, "You don't have to answer"?

Alina Habba: I think that there's reasoning behind that. You have to understand, some of these departments obviously, if you work with top secret information and perhaps you're not supposed to disclose. You know, there's a lot of complications that I'm not going to get into. But there's no question that every single cabinet, every single person put into this administration wants the American people working, wants people back to work, wants to stop the Zoom calls and wants to stop people from double-dipping and having two jobs when taxpayer dollars are paying for you to come to work.

Question: Is the White House investigating any of the DOGE resistance, like the hacking of the HUD TV?

Alina Habba: That's a question for DOGE and DOJ.

Question: Are White House staffers included in the Ask by Elon Musk? Did you turn in five things to President Trump that you did?

Alina Habba: I received an email. President Trump knows what I do every single day. So, for me to answer that email is kind of an easy. Frankly, the American people see what I do every single day. So, it's just such a non-issue. Think about the fact that we're having a -- look at all of these, standing here, asking me why people are upset to answer to their boss, the American people and the president of the United States, what you've done at work.

Alina Habba: What a ridiculous thing. I mean it's as ridiculous as us having to say that boys can't play in women's sports. The fact that we are wasting American taxpayer dollars to even have to correct this is insane.

Question: Alina, why did -- why did the president say yesterday in the Oval --

Alina Habba: Firing people has been happening. It happens in every job. Is it -- is it outrageous to you that we're firing people? I mean, PPO has fired tons of people. Each department has fired tons of people. If you're not on an American First agenda, you're not here.

Question: But Alina, why did Trump say there -- Just to be clear, will they be fired if they don't respond?

Alina Habba: I think the president spoke on that. I'll refer to his -- his statement that you will be held accountable. You will lose your job if you are not working.

Question: Well, but OPM had said, I believe it was minutes afterwards or at least it came out afterwards that a failure to respond did not -- was not tantamount to resignation. So --

Alina Habba: It's like any job. We're going to ask you what you're doing. Each department is in charge. We have to look at what everybody is doing. You want to say that we're just going to go in and -- and do something careless. No, we don't do things carelessly, but we are asking people to show us that you are working.

Question: And what's going to happen to the messages? Will a higher up evaluate the message and see whether this person was being effective and constructive that week, or is it just that you must respond to show that you exist?

Alina Habba: I think every department will handle it in a coordinated effort, but the mandate is real. You have to show.

Question: Will it take staff time to read them? I mean, there's a cost to that, right?

Alina Habba: Time to read them. We're not asking them so that we put them in a -- in a wastebasket. We're asking because we want to know.

Question: Is there anything you could share of whether the president has made calls today ahead of this vote in the House and the budget resolution?

Alina Habba: I don't ever -- you know -- you know me better than that. I don't speak for the president ahead of him. The president will speak for himself. And lucky for everyone in America, President Trump is on the news every day, answering questions, whatever you guys want. I think that's something that we really have to say.

Alina Habba: Look, there's transparency like we've never seen and that can cause confusion for people. I understand that. But just know that while we are being absolutely transparent, these are intricate things that we're dealing with and there are teams of people coordinating, working together to make sure we make this country better.

Alina Habba: Thank you so much.

Question: Thanks, Alina. Thank you.