Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-briefing-tom-homan-the-white-house-march-25-2025

Question: Mr. Homan, do you have time for a few?

Tom Homan: How are you doing? A couple -- a couple because I'm on my way to a meeting.

Question: During that -- since you came back into the White House, do you use Signal or any other encrypted apps to communicate with administration officials?

Tom Homan: I've got no comment on that.

Question: Sir, are you concerned that the English language social media posts pushing immigrants to use the CBP home app aren't reaching a predominantly Spanish language speaking population?

Tom Homan: Working on that right now.

Question: What do you mean you're working on it?

Tom Homan: You'll see more Spanish language notices going out.

Question: At the rate you're going what do you think your deportation target number is going to be for the year?

Tom Homan: I have no idea. It depends what kind of money we have. We need congress to fund this mandate from the American people because with more money we can do more. We need to buy more beds, we need more airplane flights, we need more officers on the ground. We need more contracts with companies that can do a lot of work that doesn't require a badge and gun.

Tom Homan: So, the more money we have from congress, the more successful we'll be on the ground.

Question: What's your estimate on how many people have been self-deported so far?

Tom Homan: Actually, hopefully we'll have that number by Friday. We asked for that number yesterday. I'm waiting on it. I can tell you, I looked at the numbers this morning; as far as interior arrests, we're at about 44,000, just shy of 44,000 arrests in the interior, which are by far more than Biden administration did in the interior.

Tom Homan: Let me address one thing. I keep reading this. We're deporting less people than Joe Biden. Let's remember Joe Biden was counting Border Patrol removals on the border where millions of people are coming across. You can't compare our removal numbers to them. First of all, he was fudging numbers, adding border removals to ICE removals.

Tom Homan: And second of all, you've got millions of people crossing the border and border patrol were bouncing some of them back. We secured the border; we're down on border crossings 96 percent. So, we don't have millions of people coming across the border. Just compare our removal numbers to his, it's just ridiculous.

Tom Homan: We can remove 100 percent of our people, and he can remove 10 percent of his people, and the numbers are still going to be higher because we're talking about millions of people coming across. The question people should be asking -- how many the Trump administration released compared to Biden administration.

Tom Homan: We're at about zero and they're at millions. So, that's the difference. And so, I'm reading the story about deportation numbers are lower than Biden's. It's fake news. It's not comparing apples to apples. Compare the interior enforcement arrests, interior enforcement removals to the last administration. There we see the real difference.

Question: Do you expect the IRS to begin sharing data on potential undocumented migrants in this country?

Tom Homan: I'll tell you this, illegal aliens use American Social Security numbers together with identity theft. We're looking to protect Social Security. We're looking out to protect United States citizens' identity and their benefits from Social Security. I've done this for a long time, illegal aliens, many times, use Social Security numbers of US citizens.

Tom Homan: It causes a lot of problems, just identity theft. Even my own family, one of my closest relatives had his ID stolen, his social security number stolen. So, we're going to look out for American people. We're going to protect Social Security.

Question: But do you expect them to share -- do you expect IRS to share?

Tom Homan: I hope so. I think, again, to protect American citizens, their Social Security benefits, protect their identity from being stolen, that's one way we can do it.

Question: What would you say to families of some of the individuals deported who say that they do not have affiliations to gangs, to TDA? Are you going to provide more details about how -- ?

Tom Homan: Look, I'm not aware, I didn't drill into everyone on that plane. We left that up to ICE. The officials at ICE have said that they are confident that every one of the Venezuelans on the planes remember TDA. And everybody says how do you know? Look, a lot of this stuff is law enforcement sensitive. I'm not going to share a lot of this stuff with you because we certainly don't want to show how we do our inside work because that's going to just help the criminals out there once they read it. But I can tell you hundreds and hundreds of hours were spent on investigations, whether it's looking at their criminal history, whether it's looking at immigration history, we're looking at undercover videos, whether it's talking to informants, whether it's talking to other members of the gang who gave sworn statements.

Tom Homan: There's a lot of ways that this was done. A lot of time was spent doing this again. And I got assurances from the highest levels of ICE that this was done right. And everybody in that plane, Venezuelans were TDAs. And you've got to remember -- first of all, let's remember one thing. First of all, everybody on that plane was an illegal alien in the country illegally.

Tom Homan: Number two, many in that plane were removed through Title 8. They already had them removed from an immigration judge. And again, we're talking about terrorists, TDA and MS-13 was on a plane. They've been designated terrorist organizations. They're not good people. So, I trust the men and women of ICE that they did the right thing and I stand by it.

Question: How much [Inaudible] right now is the administration putting on those who have committed crimes versus those who have not committed crimes, who are immigrants in the country?

Tom Homan: I didn't hear that question.

Question: How much notice is the administration putting on those who have committed crimes versus those who have not committed crimes?

Tom Homan: Well, the prioritization is those who are public safety threats or national security threats. Let me share it with you because we did an operation in Boston, 370 apprehensions. Most of them were criminals, but many were collaterals. The majority are criminals, how come the collaterals? I've said this a thousand times.

Tom Homan: Sanctuary cities are going to get exactly what they don't want, more agents in the community and more collateral risk. Why? If we can't get access to the bad guy in the county jail, if they're going to choose to release him in the public, which is just -- this is a public safety threat and the public -- it's just dumb to begin with because it puts public safety at risk, right?

Tom Homan: But when you release that public safety threat back in the public, that means we got to go find him. When we find him, most likely he's with others. And if they're in the country illegally, they're coming too because we're not going to tell ICE to ignore the oath that you took to enforce immigration law and walk away from illegal aliens like the last administration does.

Tom Homan: So, if you want to force us into communities, fine, we'll go. But collateral arrests will increase because we're going to run into illegal aliens while we're in the course of looking at those targets. So, again, you want to decrease the collateral risk, you want to decrease the non-criminals, then let us in the damn jail.

Question: You said many are collateral. You put a number to that percentage.

Tom Homan: I don't have the number. I can tell you the majority were criminals, had criminal histories, and we've got to remember we arrested -- I think there were four people, convictions for murder, homicide. We arrested child sex predators; we arrested drug traffickers and gun traffickers. We seized guns, we seized drugs.

Tom Homan: That's a great thing about President Trump, it's an all of government approach. It's a game changer because when we do these operations, we find an illegal alien with narcotics. DEA is right there to prosecute the case. We find the guns, ATF's right there to prosecute the gun cases. And of course, ICE will continue to prosecute reentries after removal.

Tom Homan: So, we get a lot of prosecutions out of these operations. Again, the reason why we focus on sanctuary cities is because they're the most dangerous places because they release public safety threats back into the public. Where a cooperating jurisdiction, we don't have that much of a concern or that big a target of criminal aliens walking the streets.

Tom Homan: President Trump has made a commitment to American people. We're going to decrease illegal alien crime in this city. We're going to concentrate on public safety threats and national security threats. The data proves what we're doing. We're going to keep President Trump's promise to the American people. He was given a mandate to do this number one issue, secure the border and deal with illegal alien crime in this country and that's exactly what we're doing.

Question: What's your reaction

Note: [Crosstalk]

Tom Homan: I really got it wrong. I'll be out here in a little bit, and we can do more.