Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-briefing-tom-homan-the-white-house-june-30-2025

Question: Mr. Homan, can -- the President mentioned yesterday, a temporary pass from migrants who work on farms. Uh, can you explain how that would work and are there other industries -- And are there other industries --

Question: Sir -- May I start? -- Gateway Pundit. What are your thoughts on [Inaudible] temporary passes for illegal alien farm workers, hotel workers? I mean, is there a plan to go after them later?

Tom Homan: I'm not -- I'm -- I'm not going to get ahead of the president on that. It's being discussed [Inaudible] being made. I don't want to get ahead of him.

Tom Homan: I'm not going to get ahead of the president on that. I know they're discussing that. I'm part of those discussions, but I'm not going to get ahead of president. We'll see what they come up with.

Question: What does that -- could you explain what that would look like, though? Would migrants get a pass?

Question: Mr. Homan, last week ICE arrested 11 Iranians [Inaudible] the Biden administration. One of them was a sniper for Iranian army, the other one who was while he was arrested, he had firearms on him. Given the fact that the Iranian American community are feeling threatened by the regime from Iran, can you confirm that there will be further crackdown on illegal Iranians who pass the border during Biden administration?

Tom Homan: I have no idea. [Inaudible] It's -- it's still under discussion so I'm not gonna get ahead of the president.

Tom Homan: Well, so far there's over 200 arrests of Iranian nationals. And again, President Trump committed from day one, the priority is going to be public safety threats and national security threats. So we've been on this since January 20th. We didn't wait for the Iran conflict to happen. We've been working this, but we put our foot on the gas after what happened in Iran a couple weeks ago.

Question: And can you talk about the "Alligator Alcatraz" visit tomorrow? Are you going?

Tom Homan: We're going to identify the national security threats. It's just not ICE. It's FBI. It's the Department of Justice and the intelligence community. We're focusing on national security threats, not just Iranians and others, and that's exactly what we're doing. We're keeping President Trump's promise. That's what we're prioritizing.

Tom Homan: [Inaudible] as soon as we can.

Question: [Inaudible] widespread fear among --

Question: How many people do you expect to be there?

Tom Homan: If you're in the country illegally, you should be concerned. It's not OK to be in the country illegally. If you're a national security threat, you should be worried, because we're looking for you.

Tom Homan: Hats off to Governor DeSantis for making that facility available.

Question: There's widespread fear among Iranian Americans that some sleeper cells have moved into the United States during the Biden administration. What do you know about so-called sleeper cells?

Question: What kind of arguments --

Tom Homan: All Americans should be concerned about sleeper cells. Look, under Biden administration, he opened the border. We got over two million known got-aways. That's not a guess, over 2 million people we know based on video, drone traffic, sensor traffic, cross the border. They paid more to get away. We know who they are, where they came from, where they are now, and why they're here.

Tom Homan: That's why we need the big beautiful bill, to get more detention beds, so thank God that DeSantis came forward so quickly. We gotta g- -- get the big beautiful bill passed so we can we buy more beds. The more beds we have, the more bad guys we can arrest, the more people we can [Inaudible]

Tom Homan: Right? So why did two million people pay more to get away? You pay the cartel amount of money to get to the border, turn yourself into a green uniform, right, or you pay more to get to New York, Chicago and not be arrested. Why? Why didn't they pay less to get a free airline ticket to the city of their choice, a free hotel room, three meals a day, free medical care and work authorization in a few months?

Question: How do you decide who goes there?

Tom Homan: Why did two million people not take advantage of the free giveaway program, pay more to get away? Because they didn't want to be vetted. They didn't want to be fingerprinted. They could be the ones that are trafficking in fentanyl. They could be ones trafficking women and children and they could be national security threats.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Tom Homan: I said from day one, the Biden administration, I said this for four years while he was president, when they opened the border up, they created the biggest national security vulnerability we've ever seen. And that's just a fact and we're seeing it play out.

Tom Homan: [Inaudible] Leaving? 10 o'clock.

Question: Lastly, there's a fatwa issued by two of the Iranian ayatollahs against President Trump, citing that if he attacks the supreme leader of Iran, it would be halal for Shia followers to kill him, to assassinate him. Are you aware of that fatwa? And what's your response to it?

Question: Thanks Mr. Homan

Tom Homan: Look, it's a little out of my lane, but we got the strongest president in history of this country in office right now. So I don't think that'll work out very well for him.

Unidentified: Thanks Sunny.

Question: Sir, there are Marines stationed right now in the San Diego area helping with border protection. If encounters have dropped as dramatically as we know that we've seen the numbers drop, why is it necessary for a Marine presence to be there near the San Diego border?

Tom Homan: Because it's a national security issue right now. I think we all recognize the national security temperature right now is at a high level. We're going to take every opportunity we can to secure that border and make sure we don't do what Biden administration did and let the got-aways -- let me give you for example, having those resources on the border now -- on an average day under Biden administration, we had 1,800 got-aways that we knew of, that we counted, in 1,800. You know what they were today, 18. So we got that border locked down.

Question: So then why is it necessary for the Marine presence to be there in addition to the regular order?

Tom Homan: So there's less got-aways. The more resources you have, the more people we stop from coming into the country, especially right now during national security. The vulnerability we have right now with Iran and other countries, I'd rather have too many resources than not enough because once we make that mistake, there's no going back.

Tom Homan: Yes, ma'am. Thank you. Can you talk about that a little bit for further in light of the July 4th holiday and what security threats are being watched right now, concerns about sleeper cells or other things that have been in -- Look, the DHS put out a threat assessment [Inaudible] I agree with that. We are on heightened alert status right now.

Tom Homan: So every American needs to keep their eye open. Again, there's several places to report suspicious activity go to DHS hotline and report it there. But look, today we have the most secure border in the history of this nation. You have some comfort of that, but the reason we have the most secure border in history of this nation because of President Trump's policy and having DOD assets to assist Border Patrol on the border.

Tom Homan: That's why we have that more secure border, which is why we need the big, beautiful bill pass, because that puts more Border Patrol agents on the border and maybe relieve DOD assets. That puts more ICE agents on the streets of this country, to arrest more public safety threats and national security threats.

Tom Homan: I looked at the numbers this morning, over 200 Iranian nationals have been arrested by ICE and brought in. With more resources, we do more than national security work across the country. But right now, we've got well over 20 million illegal aliens in this country. We got less than 5,000 deportation officers.

Tom Homan: We need the bill to get more agents on the street. We need more detention beds because everybody arrested needs to be a bed before they get removed and more contract work, so badges and guns. We have immigration authority aren't sitting at a desk doing keystrokes on some administrative duty that can be done by contract, to put that badge and gun on the street to look for these national security threats.

Tom Homan: The big, beautiful bill is important. We need that passed right away.

Question: Quick question for you. There are reports of a 75-year-old Cuban national who died in ICE custody. He had lived in the United States for 60 years. He was being held in ICE detention in Florida. Is there anything you can tell us about that? There's still not a lot of information, how he died?

Tom Homan: I'm unaware of that. I'm not aware of that. I mean, people die in ICE custody, people die in county, jails, people die in state prisons. I mean, if you look at -- when I was ICE director and we drilled on that, the question should be how many lives does ICE save, because when they go into detention, we find many with diseases and stuff that we deal with right away to prevent death.

Tom Homan: So I'm not aware of this specific case, but I'll say this. People can argue with me all they want, but the facts are the facts. I think the politicians and New Jersey found this out, that we have the highest detention standards in the industry. I'll compare an ICE detention facility against any state prison, against any federal facility.

Tom Homan: I'll go head-to-head with any of them. You look at -- go to ICE.gov and look at our detention standards. It's the highest detention standards in the industry at a very expensive cost to the taxpayers. So people say, oh, the detention centers are horrendous. Go look for yourself, then come back and talk to me. I mean, when we talked about the facility that the Congressman tried to get into up in New Jersey at Delaney Hall, once they got in there, what did they find out, [Inaudible] standards outstanding, probably the cleanest facility in the entire state.

Tom Homan: Again, I'll put our detention standards up to anybody.

Question: Just follow up on that. When the big, beautiful bill does pass, how do you expect that to impact the number of deportations per day? Will it be twofold, threefold?

Tom Homan: Vastly increase, depends on how quickly we get more resources on, how quickly we get the contractors on, how quickly we bring the beds on. I mean, governor DeSantis, I give him credit. We got the facility he's putting up in Florida. We'll be filling those beds as quick as we can because we need more beds.

Tom Homan: I mean, I looked at this morning, I think we got like 1,700 empty beds. We'll fill them in two days. So we need more beds. That bill is going to let us sign contracts that are pending, for more beds. We don't have the funding to do it. Once that bill passes and the money comes to the Department of Homeland Security, we can sign some of those contracts, get more beds right away.

Question: And on the big, beautiful bill, Mr. Homan, if you don't mind. Thank you so much for doing this and to speak with us. We know that President Trump is visiting Alligator Alcatraz Farm in Florida. Can you tell us more about what message it sends and how it relates to the administration's push right now with the big, beautiful bill?

Tom Homan: We're going to enforce immigration law. Despite all the rhetoric out there against ICE and the men and women who are doing this job, we're going to be out doing our job. We're going to arrest every public safety threat, national security threat we can find, and when we do that, we need a bed. Governor DeSantis coming forth with a couple thousand beds, I applaud them for doing it and it's a pretty good cost too.

Tom Homan: If you look at the total cost of that bill. Money that used to go to NGOs, put somebody in a hotel room at 500 bucks a night will help fund these facilities. And here's what you need to know but no one talks about, facilities that we contract to, like the Governor DeSantis facility, when you're in an ICE contract facility, you get a hearing and a judge within 40 days.

Tom Homan: But under Biden administration, they put them in custody of an NGO, put them in a hotel room at 500 bucks a night because they know doing that would push their hearing out three, five, seven years because immigration judges prioritize those in detention. So they played the long game. Let's leave thousands of empty ICE beds already paid for, let's leave them empty.

Tom Homan: Let's give these people NGOs. That pushes a hearing out three, five, seven years. What happens then? What they're hoping happens then, there's a Democratic administration that rewards amnesty to millions of people. That's not going to happen. We're going to force laws in this country. People won't get hearings quicker.

Tom Homan: And if anybody go and look at [Inaudible] website, immigration court website, here's what the message no one gets across. You can claim asylum in this country. If you go last 10 years, immigration court data, nearly nine out of 10 people claim asylum get an order removal because they simply don't qualify for asylum.

Tom Homan: They're not escaping fear and persecution from their homeland because of race religion, political affiliation. They're coming here for a better life and I get that, but that's not asylum. We're enforcing laws and the great success we're having proves if you enforce the law, you can secure the border. You enforce the law, you make this country safe again.

Tom Homan: That's what we're doing.

Question: Are there going to be more military deployments, sir? Any more on the border?