Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-briefing-tom-homan-the-white-house-april-15-2025

Question: -- immigration expert here. The president is now floating this idea of sending American prisoners to a prison in El Salvador. Do you believe that that would be legal?

Tom Homan: You know, someone mentioned that to me this morning. I haven't yet talked to the president. I just got back in town yesterday, so I haven't had that conversation, what that conversation was about, where it comes from, but -- so I'm not going to comment until I speak to the president directly.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Mr. Homan, do you know off the top of your head that Google, or what would your -- I mean, you have obviously worked in immigration under President Obama now under President Trump. Do you believe that it would be legal to send Americans?

Tom Homan: Oh, I don't know. Again, I didn't -- I didn't see it. I didn't hear it. I said -- I'll mention this morning. Uh, I -- again, I don't know the context of the question was, I don't know the context of what -- his response or what he meant by response. I'd be -- I'd be opining on something I really don't have the information on. I'll get briefed on it and I'll respond to you later.

Tom Homan: But I'm just unfamiliar with it.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Mr. Homan, does the administration expect that those migrants that have been sent to that prison in El Salvador will remain there?

Tom Homan: You mean the terrorists -- you mean the terrorists that were removed?

Question: Will they be -- will they remain in that prison in El Salvador for the rest of their lives?

Tom Homan: We'll -- we'll, this administration will obey court orders unlike the last administration. But if you ask me if I'm in favor of returning terrorists to the United States that are gang members that have murdered and raped young women in this country, no, I'm not in favor of that at all.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Mr. Homan -- Mr. Homan -- border apprehensions by 95 percent since last March. Can you describe maybe some of the success behind these numbers?

Tom Homan: Because I work for the greatest president in my lifetime. Donald Trump. Trump 45 is successful, unprecedented. And we're even doing better this time. President Trump -- I give him all the credit because he put executive actions in place Day 1. Uh, he -- he reimplemented the policies that we proved were effective.

Tom Homan: Uh, right now as we speak today because of President Trump, the men and women of ICE and the men and women of Border Patrol who stand in that line every day, today we have the most secure border in the history of this nation. No one can argue that. The data is clear now. I started in 1984. I've never seen the numbers this low.

Tom Homan: So, again the most secure border in the history of this nation, President Trump was able to do that in a matter of weeks, something that the Biden Administration didn't do four years; either wouldn't or couldn't. But we proved they didn't need legislation, didn't need all this other stuff the last administration talked about, we needed a strong president who took America first and cared about American safety and securing that border.

Tom Homan: Securing the border at this level means we have a lot stronger national security because of the border.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Mr. Homan?

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: There are laws -- there are laws on the books that make it a criminal offense to shield or harbor illegal immigrants like the sanctuary city leaders have been doing. Do you think they should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of law and possibly put in prison?

Tom Homan: Absolutely and hold tight on that one because it's coming, it's coming. I've been clear on that since Day 1. Uh, you can -- the sanctuary city can sit by and watch their communities get ravaged by illegal aliens, they can watch young women get raped and murdered. The Trump Administration not going to stand for that.

Tom Homan: So look, they can stand by and watch and the Trump Administration will secure their communities. The Trump Administration will drive down illegal and crime in this country. If they don't want do it, we'll do it for them. But they can't -- They can -- they can sit aside and watch, but they can't cross that line.

Tom Homan: When they cross the line of harboring concealment, that's a felony. And we got Pam Bondi now who won't hesitate to take action. When they can't impede in our enforcement efforts to make this country safe, again, that's a felony. So, Trump's got his -- President Trump's got his cabinet in place now. We got a strong AG. We got a strong Secretary of Homeland Security.

Tom Homan: We got -- we got a great group here. We got, you know, Stephen Miller, uh, one of the most brilliant men I've ever worked with when it comes to border security, interior enforcement. You're going to see a lot of things happen in the next few months that people should expect, many don't, but watch what comes in the near future.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Mr. Homan, Democrats that are headed down to El Salvador, what's your message to them?

Tom Homan: You're not going to change anything. We remove terrorists in this country. They're where they should be and they want to go down for nothing. What you ought to be doing, you ought to be in sanctuary cities in this country, taking action against the Maryland father, the Maryland illegal alien, not a father, Maryland, illegal alien was arrested in the country illegally.

Tom Homan: Arrested for murder and released to the public and it took ICE to go find him. If the Democrats want to spend some time in Boston and Los Angeles and Portland and Maryland and go to these sanctuary cities, I don't care what party you're affiliated with, Republican, Democrat, Independent, we all should want secure communities.

Tom Homan: We also want public safety to be number one on our agenda. I can't believe there's any Democrat politician does not want public safety threats out of the community. There are no more responsibilities protecting the communities. But they'd rather go to El Salvador than fix the problem we just talked about in Maryland, fix the problem of Boston.

Tom Homan: Fix the problem that just happened in Washington state, two illegal aliens tortured a woman, left her for dead by drilling on her to get her to give her money, access to ATM stuff. But they're going to go to El Salvador. Makes zero sense and that just shows how out of touch with reality the Democratic Party is.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Mr. Homan, the deadline for Real ID is coming up next month --