Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-speech-speaks-at-a-campaign-event-savannah-georgia-august-29-2024

Katelyn Green: Hello, everyone. My name is Katelyn Green, and I am so honored to be here tonight to introduce the next president of the United States, Vice President Kamala Harris. As the proud president of the Savannah State student body, I couldn't be more excited to welcome a fellow HBCU alum to our beautiful city of Savannah.

Katelyn Green: As a student and as a Georgian, Vice President Harris' promise for our future fills me with hope and joy. As an older sister, I know that the future of my two younger brothers will be bright because Vice President Harris is fighting to ensure that young Americans across the country can achieve the American dream. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Katelyn Green: She has spent her entire career fighting for hardworking Americans just like the community that raised me here in Savannah. She's fought to reduce the cost of prescription drugs. She's fought for historic investments in our HBCUs and canceled nearly $170 billion in student debt relief, including $6.8 billion right here in Georgia. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Katelyn Green: She's fought for our freedoms to make our own reproductive healthcare decisions, and she will continue to fight for people like you and me as president. She will fight to ensure that young people can jumpstart their American dream through affordable, accessible home ownership. And she will fight to ensure that every American, including us right here in Savannah and across our state, have the opportunity to not just get by but ahead.

Katelyn Green: Donald Trump doesn't care about us. [Audience boos] He doesn't care about the lives of working families here in Georgia. He couldn't care less about our struggles, dreams, hopes, and fears. Donald Trump only cares about himself. [Audience boos] We cannot let him impose his extreme Project 2025 agenda on the communities we love. [Audience boos]

Katelyn Green: Vice President Kamala Harris will turn the page on Trump's dark, depressing, and hateful vision for our country. Georgia, we have a great opportunity on our hands to change the course of history. [Audience responds affirmatively] As the president of the Savannah State student body, I couldn't be more proud to now announce [Applause] the next president of the United States of America, Vice President Kamala Harris.

Kamala Harris: Good afternoon, Savannah. Good afternoon. Good afternoon, Savannah. Good afternoon. Oh, good afternoon. Oh, it's good to be back in Savannah. Good afternoon. Can we please hear it for Katelyn and her incredible -- for her incredible leadership. Look, when I look out at our young leaders like Katelyn, I know our future is so bright.

Kamala Harris: It is so bright. [Audience responds affirmatively] I want to thank Mayor Johnson. Thank you for your -- there you are. We've been hanging out for the last two days. Mayor, I thank you so very much for your leadership. Thank you. Congresswoman Nikema Williams, the chair of the Democratic Party of Georgia, for your friendship and your sisterhood.

Kamala Harris: And to all the leaders with us today, good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. I also bring greetings from our president and a great friend of the state of Georgia, Joe Biden. [Audience responds affirmatively] And let us also send our love to the great president from the state of Georgia, Jimmy Carter. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Kamala Harris: So, Georgia -- [Audience member calls out "We love you."] I love you back. I love you back. And we have 68 days to go until this election, 68 days to go. And I think you all have spent your time here sacrificing all your other obligations to be here together, us as one community, knowing we all have so much more in common than what separates us.

Kamala Harris: And I thank you for taking that time. And, listen, so, we're here to speak truth, and one of the things that we know: This is going to be a tight race until the very end. OK? So, let's not pay too much attention to the polls because we are running as the underdog. [Audience responds affirmatively] OK? And we have some hard work ahead of us.

Kamala Harris: But we like hard work. Hard work is good work. Hard work is good work. And with your help, we are going to win this November. [Audience responds affirmatively] We are going to win this November. Yes, we will. So, look, Georgia, let me say, I'm no stranger to tough fights. Before I was elected vice president, before I was elected a United States senator, I was an elected attorney general and, before that, an elected district attorney.

Kamala Harris: And before that, I was a courtroom prosecutor. So, every day in the courtroom, I stood proudly before a judge and I spoke five words: "Kamala Harris, for the people." My entire career, I've only had one client: the people. [Audience responds affirmatively] I stood for women and children against predators who abused them.

Kamala Harris: I took on the big banks and delivered $20 billion for middle-class families who faced foreclosure. I fought against cartels who traffic in guns, drugs, and human beings. And I stood up for veterans and students being scammed by big for-profit colleges for workers who were being cheated out of the wages they were due and for seniors facing elder abuse.

Kamala Harris: And I will tell you, those fights were not easy, and neither were the elections that put me in those offices. But we never gave up because the future is always worth fighting for. [Audience responds affirmatively] Always. And that is the fight we are in right now, a fight for America's future. [Audience responds affirmatively] We -- we fight for a future with affordable childcare, paid leave, and affordable health care. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Kamala Harris: And on that last subject, let's finally expand Medicaid in Georgia [Audience responds affirmatively] so people can take their child to a doctor or go to an emergency room without going into medical debt. We -- we fight for a future where we build what I call an opportunity economy so that every American has the opportunity to own a home, to start a business, and to build wealth and intergenerational wealth and a future where we lower the cost of living for America's families. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Kamala Harris: So, when I was attorney general, I went after price-fixing schemes. [Audience member calls out "We love you."] And -- love you back. Love you back. And I will tell you, when we get this done together, my friend, and when I am president, I will take on the bad actors who exploit a crisis to rip off consumers on everyday items -- who rip off consumers on everyday items, like groceries.

Kamala Harris: I will take on Big Pharma and cap the cost of prescription drugs and insulin for all Americans. [Audience responds affirmatively] I will take on the high cost of housing and work with developers to cut the red tape and build millions of new homes. And I will give 100 million Americans a tax cut, including $6,000 to families during the first year of their child's life [Audience responds affirmatively] understanding folks just need a little help from time to time.

Kamala Harris: And it's not about just getting by; it's about getting ahead. Six thousand dollars in the first year of a child's life to help pay for that car seat or the crib or the baby clothes. [Audience responds affirmatively] And unlike Donald Trump, I will always put the middle-class and working-class families first. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Kamala Harris: Always. I come from the middle class, I know what I'm talking about. [Audience chants "Kamala"] And, Savannah, so -- but we got some work to do. OK? We got some work to do, because we know Donald Trump has a very different plan. He has a very different plan. [Audience boos] Just look at his Project 2025 agenda. [Audience boos]

Kamala Harris: Right. If he is elected, Donald Trump intends to give tax breaks to billionaires and big corporations. He intends -- [Audience boos] he intends to cut Social Security and Medicare. [Audience boos] And he wants to impose what, in effect, is a national sales tax on everyday products and basic necessities.

Kamala Harris: And it will cost -- the economists will tell you, it will cost a typical American family nearly $4,000 a year. So, Georgia, on top of all of this, if Donald Trump wins in November, he intends to end the Affordable Care Act [Audience boos] to take us back to a time when insurance companies -- [Audience chants "We're not going back."

Kamala Harris: ] we're not going back. We're not going back. We are not -- we're going forward. And the reason we know we can't go back -- to your point, the reason we know we can't go back, on the issue of the Affordable Care Act, remember what that was like before we had the Affordable Care Act? [Audience responds affirmatively] Remember when insurance companies had the power to deny [Audience responds affirmatively] people with preexisting conditions? Remember what that was like, children with asthma, [Audience responds affirmatively] breast cancer survivors, grandparents with diabetes? So, yeah, we're not going back.

Kamala Harris: We're not going back. We're not going back. And we will move forward. [Audience responds affirmatively] Ours is a fight for the future [Audience responds affirmatively] and it is a fight for freedom, like the freedom of a woman to make decisions about her own body and not have her government tell her what to do.

Kamala Harris: And understand how we got here. When he was president, Donald Trump handpicked three members of the United States Supreme Court [Audience boos] with the intention that they would undo the protections of Roe v. Wade, and they did just as he intended. And now, more than 20 states have a Trump abortion ban, including Georgia. [Audience boos]

Kamala Harris: In fact, every state in the South, except for Virginia, has a Trump abortion ban. [Audience boos] And think about that, many, with no exceptions even for rape and incest, that is immoral -- immoral. And let us all agree, one does not have to abandon their faith [Audience responds affirmatively] or deeply held beliefs to agree the government should not be telling her what to do.

Kamala Harris: Come on. Come on. Come on. And if he wins, Donald Trump will go further. He will sign a national abortion ban, you best believe. And he would create a national anti-abortion coordinator and force states to report on women's miscarriages and abortions. It's right there in Project 2025. [Audience boos] I've said it before, and I'll say it again.

Kamala Harris: Simply put, they are out of their minds. Why don't they trust women? Well, we trust women. [Audience responds affirmatively] And when Congress passes a bill to restore reproductive freedom, as president of the United States, I will proudly sign it into law. Proudly. And across our nation, in addition to that, we are witnessing a full-on assault on other hard-fought, hard-won fundamental freedoms and rights. [Audience chants "Kamala"]

Kamala Harris: Hey, let me -- let me -- let me just say something. Let -- hold on. Hold up. Hold up for a second. Hold up for a second. Let me -- let me just say something. Let me just say something. We are fighting for our democracy. Everyone has a right and should have their voices heard. I am speaking now. But on the subject, I will say this, the president and I are working around the clock.

Kamala Harris: We have got to get a hostage deal done and get a ceasefire done now. So, back to this election and Donald Trump. So, in addition to the fight on the fundamental freedom to make decisions about one's own body, I have been traveling our country, and the people of Georgia know what I know. There is a full-on assault on hard-fought, hard-won freedoms and rights, including the freedom to vote -- [Audience chants "Kamala"] the freedom to be safe from gun violence, and an attack on the freedom to love who you love openly and with pride.

Kamala Harris: And we will fight against all of that, including the freedom to live free from the pollution that fuels the climate crisis. Here is the thing. Generations of Americans before us led the fight for freedom. Now, Savannah, the baton is in our hands. [Audience responds affirmatively] So, we, who believe in the sacred freedom to vote, will finally pass the John Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act and the Freedom to Vote Act.

Kamala Harris: We, who believe in the freedom to live safe from gun violence, will finally pass universal background checks and red flag laws. So much is on the line in this election. So much is on the line. And understand, this is not 2016 or 2020. Things are different. A lot is the same when we think about the issues, and then there is significant differences.

Kamala Harris: The stakes in 2024 are even higher. Because consider that the United States Supreme Court recently just basically told the former president that, going forward, he will be effectively immune, no matter what he does in the White House. [Audience boos] Now just imagine -- [Audience chants "Lock him up."]

Kamala Harris: Well, the -- the courts are going to take care of that. We are going to get him out of -- we are going to elect ourselves and everybody here in November. [Audience responds affirmatively] But I mentioned the Supreme Court ruling because understand what this means. Just imagine. Before there, was at least the threat of consequence.

Kamala Harris: Understand what it now means, and imagine Donald Trump with no guardrails. [Audience boos] Imagine what that means when you consider he has openly vowed that, if reelected, on day one, he will be a dictator, [Audience boos] that he would end -- that he would end the independence of the Department of Justice so he could have unchecked power and seek vengeance against people who disagree with him. [Audience boos]

Kamala Harris: He even called for termination of the United States Supreme -- the supreme land of our nation, the United States Constitution. Think about what that means. And let us be very clear. Someone who suggests we should terminate the Constitution of the United States should never again stand behind the seal of the president of the United States of America.

Kamala Harris: Never again. So, it all comes down to this. We are all here together, spending this time together because we love our country. We love our country. We love our country. And we know the privilege and pride -- the privilege and pride that comes with being American. And I do believe it is the highest form of patriotism to fight for the ideals of our country. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Kamala Harris: That is how we realize the promise of America. Georgia, for the past two election cycles, voters in this very state, you, who are here, have delivered. You sent two extraordinary senators to Washington, DC. [Audience responds affirmatively] You sent President Biden and me to the White House. [Audience responds affirmatively] You showed up, you knocked on doors, you registered folks to vote, and you made it happen.

Kamala Harris: You did that. You did that. And so, now, we are asking you to do it again. [Audience responds affirmatively] Let's do it again. Let's do it again. So, Savannah, are you ready to make your voices heard? [Audience responds affirmatively] Do we believe in freedom? [Audience responds affirmatively] Do we believe an opportunity? [Audience responds affirmatively] Do we believe in the promise of America? [Audience responds affirmatively] And are we ready to fight for it? [Audience responds affirmatively] And when we fight, [Audience calls out "We win."

Kamala Harris: ] we win. God bless you, and God bless the United States of America.