Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-speech-campaign-rally-milwaukee-august-20-2024

Tim Walz: Wow. Wow. Thank you, Milwaukee. Wow. Wow. Let me start. You're seeing a lot of great governors. I want to say a huge thank you and thank this state for giving one of the kindest, one of the most visionaries, and one of my dearest friends, Governor Tony Evers. This state produces incredible leaders, like my friend and former colleague, Congresswoman Gwen Moore.

Tim Walz: Mayor of this great city, Mayor Johnson. Give it up, give it up, give it up. And while she's not with us, we have got to hold the United States Senate. Send Tammy Baldwin back to DC. You know, it was only a month ago that the Republican Party gathered for their convention right here on this very spot.

Tim Walz: [Audience boos] It doesn't sound like any of you watched it, but in case you didn't, after promising us a speech that was going to be about unity and promising that he was a changed man, Donald Trump subjected us to 92 minutes of ranting and raving insanity. Now, look, they left here riding high. They were feeling good.

Tim Walz: This thing was over. Well, trust me, Milwaukee, a hell of a lot can change in four weeks. You run a campaign based on fear like them, you're going to run into a little trouble when you run into a campaign that's based on joy. These guys are focused on the past, like the 1850s past. This campaign is focused on your future.

Tim Walz: We're not going back. [Audience chants "We're not going back."] Wow. Here's the deal. Here's the deal. That convention had one purpose: to coordinate one man. Ours? By the way, they got a little party going over in Chicago. They didn't know the big party was here in Milwaukee tonight. This is where it's at. It's not a celebration of a coronation of one man over there.

Tim Walz: It's a celebration of all of us over there. I don't imagine anybody will be paying any attention, but when I came out here, you might have heard over there. That convention and the energy over there is like nothing you've seen. But here's what I'm really excited about. Not only do we have massive energy at our convention, we got a hell of a lot more energy at where they had their convention right here.

Tim Walz: Yeah. Oh, that one guy's going to be so sad tonight. So sad, so sad, so sad. Look, we got to turn the page on these guys. We got to turn the page. And here's the thing. Over the last two weeks, whether you saw it in Philly, you saw it out in the fields of Eau Claire where some of you were out there -- amazing.

Tim Walz: On to Phoenix where the largest political gathering in state history happened last week. Folks stood in 109-degree heat in Las Vegas. Four thousand of them couldn't get in, so they all signed up to door-knocking and phone bank instead of getting in there. That's what they're doing. And here is what is so great about it. All those people across this country, just like this crowd of 15,000-plus people sitting here, you all came for the same reason: You love this country.

Tim Walz: That's why you came. [Audience chants "USA"] Yeah. My notes said this campaign has a lot of momentum. Can you feel it? Hell yes, we can feel it. It's what we do. It's what we do. Something's happening. For those of you in here and for the young folks in here, some of you, something's happening, and it all begins with Kamala Harris.

Tim Walz: From a first day as a prosecutor and she took those words Kamala Harris for the people to the attorney general of California, to a United States senator, to our vice president, she has gone to work every day to fight on the side of you and the American people, took on the predators, took on the fraudsters, took down the transnational gangs, stood up to powerful corporations.

Tim Walz: And she never, in all that work, and don't forget this, they don't want you to hear the true story, she did it reaching across the aisle, and she did what was ever necessary to get it right for the American people, to get it right for the people. Look, these shared American values, you see it across this country, but I can tell you what.

Tim Walz: Donald Trump doesn't see the world the way we see it. [Audience boos] This guy weakens our country, mocks our laws, sows chaos and division amongst all of us. And here's the thing. They're not even hiding it. What he's planning to do is even worse. Now, look, these guys are trying to hide what they're doing.

Tim Walz: They're trying to figure out what it is. And I've said this. I coached high school football long enough to know. Don't ever close the yearbook. Don't ever close that yearbook. But look, I know if you're going to take the time to draw up a playbook, you plan on using it. So, this Project 2025 thing, it is simply the playbook, and they're going to call the plays straight down the line.

Tim Walz: [Audience boos] And it always starts with the same old crap: rig the economy for those at the top and screw the people at the bottom. That's what they do. Your costs go up. They repeal the Affordable Care Act and bring us back to preexisting conditions. They cut Social Security and Medicare, the very things that keeps my mom out of poverty.

Tim Walz: They will ban abortion across this country. Make no doubt about it. Make no doubt about it. [Audience boos] And JD Vance, he writes the foreword for the architect of the Project 2025. Look, you can find joy in the world everywhere. Here's where I find my joy. On October 1st, we're going to have a little talk, he and I, on the same stage.

Tim Walz: Yeah. So, look, we're going to bring this country together. And those of you with no hair or gray hair, remember, when Republicans talked about freedom, the old Republicans, they actually meant it. They wouldn't turn their backs on our allies. They would try and do what's right. But these guys are not them.

Tim Walz: When they mean freedom, they want the freedom of government to be in your exam room. They mean freedom for corporations to pollute our air and water. Freedom for banks to take advantage of the least fortunate amongst us. [Audience boos] And I've said this. We are cousins out here. You know this. In Minnesota, we respect our neighbors.

Tim Walz: We respect their personal choices. Even if we would not make the same choice as our neighbors, we respect them because we live by that Golden Rule. Mind your own damn business. Mind your own damn business. I don't need you in our exam room. I don't need you telling me which books to read, and you can sure stay the hell out of our bedroom.

Tim Walz: So, that's it. So, look. I couldn't be prouder to be on the ticket and to help make Kamala Harris the next president of the United States. Tomorrow, I'll get to give a little speech over in Chicago, formally accept the nomination of you. On Thursday, Kamala will do the same thing, and she'll lay out a vision for a new way forward.

Tim Walz: So, look, we're over there today. We're here now. We're going to go back and catch the after parties over there because here's the deal. We got 77 days, 77 days to change the world, 77 days to bring decency, 77 days. Because, look, we are not waking up, on that 78th day, we are not waking up without knowing we left it all on the field.

Tim Walz: I've been saying it. You've done it. You've done it. Sleep when we're dead but do the work now. Sleep when we're dead but do the work now. This campaign is simple. We believe in the promise of America. It's that simple. Because as the next president of the United States says every single day, when we fight -- [Audience responds "We win."] When we fight -- [Audience responds "We win."] When we fight -- [Audience responds "We win."] Thank you, Milwaukee.

Note: [There is a break between Tim Walz and Kamala Harris speaking.]

Kamala Harris: Good evening, Milwaukee, and hello to everyone joining us from exciting Chicago. The delegates at the Democratic National Convention, well, they just completed their roll call, and they have nominated Coach Walz and me to be the next vice president and president of the United States of America. And I thank everyone there and here for believing in what we can do together.

Kamala Harris: We are so honored to be your nominees. This is a people-powered campaign. And together, we will chart a new way forward, a future for freedom, opportunity, of optimism, and faith. So, to everyone in Chicago and across America, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And you're going to hear from our wonderful second gentleman shortly.

Kamala Harris: I'll see you in two days, Chicago. And Milwaukee. It's good to be back in Milwaukee. So, it's good to be back in Milwaukee. It really is. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So, as you know, the coach and I were together here in Wisconsin just two weeks ago and the first rally after I announced that he would be my running mate, and it is so good to be back with all of you.

Kamala Harris: It's so good to be back. And today, of course, I always and also bring greetings from our incredible president, Joe Biden. Wasn't he terrific last night? [Audience responds affirmatively] And I know we are all deeply grateful for his lifetime of service to our nation. Thank you, Joe. Thank you, Joe. [Audience chants "Thank you, Joe."] So, Wisconsin, we have 77 days until the election, 77 days.

Kamala Harris: And look, we know this is going to be a tight race until the very end. We have some hard work ahead of us. We have hard work ahead of us, but we like hard work. Hard work is good work. And with your help this November, we will win. We will win. We will win. [Audience chants "USA"] We will win because -- we will because we're going to put in the hard work over the next 77 days.

Kamala Harris: [Audience member calls out "We already won."] No, we haven't already won. Seventy-seven days of work to do, my friends. So, listen, make no mistake. Make no mistake. As we all know, this campaign is not just about us versus Donald Trump. This is not just about us versus Donald Trump. This is about two very different visions for our nation: one, ours, focused on the future; the other focused on the past.

Kamala Harris: And Wisconsin, we fight for the future. We fight for the future. We believe in the future, a future with affordable health care, a future with affordable child care, a future with affordable housing and paid leave. That's the future we believe in. We believe in a future where we build an opportunity economy where every American has the opportunity to own a home; start a business; and build wealth, including intergenerational wealth.

Kamala Harris: That's what we believe in. We believe in the future of our country. We believe in a future where we lower the cost of living for America's families. And when I am president, I will bring down the cost of groceries by making sure markets are competitive and fair. Together with coach, we will take on Big Pharma and cap the cost of prescription medication for all Americans.

Kamala Harris: We will take on the high cost of housing, understanding so many people are trying to fulfill the American Dream, and we need to give people help to get there. In fact, last week, I announced my plan to build millions of new homes and help first-time homebuyers with a down payment, knowing that's a step to get where we need to go. And my tax plan will give 100 million more Americans a tax cut, including $6,000 to families during the first year of a child's life.

Kamala Harris: That's about help with a car seat, with a crib, with diapers, with baby clothes. If we care about children, then let's help people, help people do what they naturally want to do but don't always have the resources to do it. And unlike Donald Trump, I will always put the middle class and working families first.

Kamala Harris: But now, we know he has a different plan, Trump, right? Just look at Project 2025. [Audience boos] Now, if he is elected, understand what that -- you know, by the way, can you believe they put that thing in writing, right? So, that plan, though, tells us what they're up to. Donald Trump intends to give tax breaks to billionaires and big corporations.

Kamala Harris: He intends to cut Social Security and Medicare. And he wants to impose what is, in effect, a national sales tax, which will cost a typical family $3,900 a year. Understand that? And on top of all of this, he intends to end the Affordable Care Act. [Audience boos] And you remember what that was like when insurance companies could deny people with preexisting conditions?

Kamala Harris: Do you remember what that was? Breast cancer survivors, children with diabetes, grandparents who need help and support being denied care? We're not going back. We are not going back. We are not going back. [Audience chants "We're not going back."] We will move forward, just like Wisconsin state motto tells us, "Forward." Forward.

Kamala Harris: Ours is a fight for the future, and it is a fight for freedom. And it is a fight for freedom, like the freedom of a woman to make decisions about her own body and not have her government telling her what to do. You know, I don't know what's up with these people, by the way. I mean, they just seemingly don't trust women.

Kamala Harris: Well, we trust women. We trust women. And we know how we got to this place. We know how we got to this place with now over 20, over 20 Trump abortion bans. We know how we got here. The former President Trump hand-selected three members of the United States Supreme Court with the intention that they would undo the protections of Roe v. Wade.

Kamala Harris: And as he intended, they did. [Audience boos] And then in state after state, they proposed and passed laws to punish women, criminalize health care providers, in some states, not even making an exception for rape or incest. [Audience boos] And just yesterday, when he was asked if he has any regrets about ending Roe v. Wade, Donald Trump, Donald Trump, without even a moment's hesitation, you would think he would reflect on it for a second, said, "No, no regrets, and that's because I do believe, you know, bad behavior should result in a consequence." Well, we will make sure he does face a consequence, and that will be at the ballot box in November, in November, in November.

Kamala Harris: And I promise you, when I am president of the United States and Congress passes a bill to restore the protections of Roe v. Wade, I will proudly sign it into law. And Wisconsin, in addition to that, as you all know, we are witnessing across our nation a full-on attack on hard-fought, hard-won fundamental freedoms and rights, across our nation, like the freedom to vote, the freedom to be safe from gun violence, the freedom to love who you love openly and with pride.

Kamala Harris: So, we know what we're dealing with in this moment, and we must remember, as the generations of Americans before us who led the fight for freedom, the baton is now in our hands. We carry the baton. We carry the baton. And so much is on the line in this election. And understand -- we have to understand something.

Kamala Harris: This is not 2016 or 2020. This is not 2016 or 2020. And in particular, the stakes are higher for a lot of reasons because we know what he does when he's in office. But including that, last month, the Supreme Court of the United States basically told the former president that he will effectively be immune for what he does in the White House.

Kamala Harris: [Audience boos] Now, think about what that means, think about what that means, knowing the individual we're talking about. Donald Trump has openly vowed to be a dictator on day one. He has openly indicated his intention to weaponize the Department of Justice against his political enemies. Think about what we know about him and what he's told us. He even called for "the termination of the Constitution of the United States." [Audience boos] So, let us be very clear.

Kamala Harris: Somebody who intends to terminate the Constitution of the United States should never again have the opportunity to stand behind the seal of the president of the United States. Never again. We're not going back. We're not going back. We're not going back. [Audience chants "We're not going back."] We're not going back.

Kamala Harris: We're going forward. We're not going back. So, Tim just looked at me and said, "We're not going back, I think." So, Milwaukee, here's the thing. As you all know, it's why you are here. It's why you have taken the time to be here this evening. It all comes down -- I love you back. And it all comes down to this.

Kamala Harris: We're here -- thank you. But here's the thing. Here's the thing. The reason that we are all here together, spending this time together truly and deeply is because we love our country. We love our country. We believe in our country. We believe in our country. [Audience chants "USA"] And I do believe, I do believe that it is the highest form of patriotism, the highest form of patriotism to then fight for the ideals of our country.

Kamala Harris: And that's what we are here to do. And that is how we fulfill the promise of America, the promise of America. And it is that promise of America -- we need a medical assistant here. OK. We need a nurse, or we need a medic here, please. Let's just make a -- let's make a path. Let's make a path, if you all don't mind.

Kamala Harris: Just let's make a path to right here. Let's just create a path to right here. Let's create a path, guys. And thanks for looking out for each other, but let's create a path for the medics. Are you OK? OK. We're going to be OK. We're going to be OK. All right. OK. We'll be OK. This is who we are, right?

Kamala Harris: This is what we're about, looking out for each other. We care about each other. You know, it's about truly understanding what love thy neighbor means. It's about, in the face of a perfect stranger, seeing a neighbor, understanding what that love of each other means. It's a big difference between what we're talking about and what's on the other side.

Kamala Harris: So, listen, I'll just -- I'll end with this point: the promise of America. The promise of America is what we are fighting for, and it is that promise that I think makes it possible that Coach Governor Walz and I would be sharing the same ticket. Think about that. Think about that. Think about it in the context of the promise of America.

Kamala Harris: Two middle-class kids, one born in Oakland, California, to a working mom, the other a son of the Nebraska Plains who grew up working on a farm. I worked at a McDonald's. But only in America, only in America is it possible for them together to make it all the way to the White House. Only in America, only in America.

Kamala Harris: So, my last point is this. In this election, we each face a question, and that question is what kind of country do we want to live in, right? Do we want to live in a country of chaos and fear and hate? [Audience responds "No"] No. Or a country of freedom, compassion, and rule of law? [Audience responds affirmatively] And the beauty, the beauty of our democracy, listen, the beauty of our democracy is we each have the power to answer that question.

Kamala Harris: Each and every one of us has the power to answer that question, each one of us. That's our power. The power is with the people. So, Wisconsin, today, I ask, are you ready to have your voices heard? [Audience responds affirmatively] Do we believe in freedom? [Audience responds affirmatively] Do we believe in opportunity?

Kamala Harris: [Audience responds affirmatively] Do we believe in the promise of America? [Audience responds affirmatively] And are we ready to fight for it? [Audience responds affirmatively] And when we fight, we win. God bless you, and God bless the United States of America. God bless you.