Hello, Frances. How are you?

Good. Well, you have a big fan in our, our great chief, right? Chief of Staff, Mark.

Nah, he's great. He's a great -- He's been successful. He was a great Congressman, and then, when you lead by 35 points it's hard to get people outta there, but I tried very ha -- for two years and we got him. And he's, and he's done a -- Uh, he's done a fantastic job. I just wanted to thank you for everything.

He told me you've been great, and you know, look, this country is counting on it, 'cause -- Uh, it's very interesting. So I won Florida in a record number, Ohio in a record, Texas in record, Alabama by 40, 40 points. And I won everything but Georgia, and I -- You know, and I won Georgia, I know that, by a lot.

And the people know it. And, uh, you know, something happened, uh, I mean, something bad happened, and I hope you're doing that, uh, that stop, because if you're -- Uh, you know, I hope you're going back two years, as opposed to just checking, you know, one against the other, 'cause that would just sort of a, uh, ya -- a signature check that didn't mean anything.

But if you go back two years, and if you can get to Fulton, you're gonna find things that are gonna be unbelievable the, the dishonesty that we'll -- that, uh, that we've heard from them.

You know, just good sources. Really good --

-- sources. But Fulton, Fulton is the mother lode, you know, as the expression goes, Fulton County, and --

-- uh --

-- but you don't wanna see, you know, you  --

Right.

Right.

That's great.

Great.

Well, it's --

-- so important what you're doing.

Yeah.

No, Mark asked me to do it. He s -- He thinks you're great. And, you know, it's just you have the most important job in the country right now, because if we win Georgia, first of all if we win, you're gonna have two wins so, uh -- Well, you're not -- They're not gonna win right now. You know, they're down because the people of Georgia are so angry at what happened to me.

They know I won, won by hundreds of thousands of votes. It wasn't close. And Alabama, you know, where they go -- 'cause I won, uh, South Carolina in a record, Alabama in a record, Florida in a record. You know, I won Florida by six or 700,000 votes. It's never happened before with a Republican. And, uh, with all the money they spent.

You know, you heard all that, these guys going down and spending a fortune. And we won Texas by a record. Texas was run -- won by the biggest, uh, biggest number ever. And it, you know, it didn't, uh, it didn't -- And, and Ohio, of course, you know that, you know about that. That was won by nine points or something, and it's -- All of it.

Iowa, I mean -- And it didn't -- It never made sense, and, you know, they dropped ballots. They dropped all these ballots. Uh, Stacy Abrams, a really, really terrible. I mean, just a terrible thing. And I will say this, if, if it went, hopef -- I mean, hopefully, this will show, because if you go back two years or four years, you're gonna see it's a totally different signature, but, but hopefully, uh, uh, you know, I will t -- When, when the right answer comes out, you'll be praised.

I mean, I don't know why, you know, they've, they've made it so hard. They, they will be praised. The people will say, "Great," because that's what it's about, that ability to check and to, and to make it right, 'cause everyone knows it's wrong. There's just no way. You know, they had people in Georgia, for instance, that won, and I was way ahead of them, and they won because of me, you know, I pulled them.

Uh, they call it coattails, right? And we pulled them across, and they say, "There's no way that I beat you by 15 points." You know? I've had that in, uh -- We've had plenty of those calls, too. So, anyway, but whatever you can do, Frances, it would be, uh -- It's a great thing. It's an important thing for the country, so important.

You have no idea, so important.

And I very much appreciate it.

Great.

Well, and I appreciate it, too, Frances. Uh, do you think they'll be working after Christmas, uh, to keep it going fast? 'Cause you know, we have that date of the 6th, which is a very important date --

-- and, uh --

Good.

Well I do thank them.

And I hear the, uh, I hear the Georgia, it's, it's not the FBL, what was it? The GBI, right?

Right, but I hear, uh, I hear they're fantastic, and I hear I'm at about 96% with them. So that's good, okay?

But, uh, say hello to those guys.

Tell 'em I appreciate it very much. Let 'em all know.

Okay?

You just take care. Call anytime you need. If you need help, call me, but, but, uh, Mark has the number, but, uh, Mark appreciates it, but I wanted to call you and thank you.

Thanks, Frances. Take --

-- care. Have a good Christmas and everything. So long. Thanks, Frances.

Appreciate it. Bye.