Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-remarks-gift-shop-cafe-johnstown-pennsylvania-september-13-2024

Unidentified: Well, here she is.

Kamala Harris: Hi.

Unidentified: Hi.

Kamala Harris: Hi.

Unidentified: I'm Rose. I'm the field organizer here.

Kamala Harris: Hi, Rose.

Unidentified: Nice to [Inaudible] Thank you.

Kamala Harris: Thank you.

Unidentified: This is Jennifer Galiote and Michelle Kupchella Adams. They're the owners here.

Michelle Kupchella Adams: Nice to meet you.

Kamala Harris: Happy anniversary, by the way.

Unidentified: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much.

Michelle Kupchella Adams: This is bigger than we expect [Inaudible]

Kamala Harris: Yeah. Yeah. We have --

Michelle Kupchella Adams: [Inaudible]

Kamala Harris: Well, this is wonderful. [Inaudible] how you guys. It's the friendship and what you've been doing in terms of --

Michelle Kupchella Adams: I'm glad [Inaudible]

Kamala Harris: Giving space for people to come in. It's really important.

Unidentified: Thank you.

Kamala Harris: Can you show me [Inaudible]

Michelle Kupchella Adams: Yes. Come on.

Unidentified: Right there. Right there. Just right there.

Michelle Kupchella Adams: We have little -- little [Inaudible]

Kamala Harris: Yes.

Michelle Kupchella Adams: We have [Inaudible]

Kamala Harris: You got all the great children's books. You got all the classics, really classic, right, exactly, exactly. That's right.

Michelle Kupchella Adams: Can't help but share [Inaudible]

Kamala Harris: Nice.

Michelle Kupchella Adams: So, a little cafe on [Inaudible]

Kamala Harris: So, a little bit of something for everybody, right?

Michelle Kupchella Adams: Yes.

Jennifer Galiote: Yes, yes, yes.

Michelle Kupchella Adams: Yes.

Jennifer Galiote: But also a space that people can feel comfortable and welcome.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Jennifer Galiote: [Inaudible]

Kamala Harris: Tell me -- so you --- you probably have a lot of regulars, right?

Michelle Kupchella Adams: We do.

Jennifer Galiote: Yes.

Kamala Harris: And so, tell me, like, what time of day do they come in, what do they normally do?

Jennifer Galiote: I mean, we open at 9:00. So, we have regulars at 9:00 going to the cafe, drinking coffee, doing puzzles.

Kamala Harris: Oh, nice.

Jennifer Galiote: Working. We have people that work remotely --

Kamala Harris: Yeah. Right.

Jennifer Galiote: Who come here because we provide Wi-Fi. So -- I mean, it's, you know, people come to talk business --

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Michelle Kupchella Adams: And you know what [Inaudible]

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Michelle Kupchella Adams: It's a nice community.

Kamala Harris: I love small businesses. [Inaudible] So, my mother and my sister, we had -- we called her our second mother, she's also a mother. And she -- she was our neighbor. And she, you know, afterwards [Inaudible] Anyway. Now, she is a small business owner.

Jennifer Galiote: Yes.

Kamala Harris: So -- well, she had [Inaudible]

Michelle Kupchella Adams: Oh, OK.

Kamala Harris: And she was [Inaudible]

Jennifer Galiote: Wonderful.

Kamala Harris: [Inaudible] Just -- I just think our small businesses are so much a part of the fabric of our communities.

Michelle Kupchella Adams: Yes.

Kamala Harris: I mean -- and obviously, the economic development, but also what you do to create a place for people to come. And you have your regulars and you can see when someone's having a good day or not having a good day, right? You know, what they like. You know, what to kind of do to reinforce, especially in this moment where is -- you know, I think there are so many forces that are trying to tell people they're alone.

Michelle Kupchella Adams: Yes.

Kamala Harris: And when you can provide a place for people to come and know that they belong and that they're welcome.

Jennifer Galiote: Yes.

Kamala Harris: It's a [Inaudible]

Jennifer Galiote: We like to say it's a third place.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Jennifer Galiote: A home.

Kamala Harris: Yeah. Yeah.

Jennifer Galiote: A religious community.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Jennifer Galiote: And a third place to go.

Kamala Harris: Right. Right.

Jennifer Galiote: And it's -- it's a community here, too. It's a very diverse community [Inaudible]

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Michelle Kupchella Adams: We're also very involved [Inaudible] community. So, there's a theater across the street [Inaudible]

Kamala Harris: Oh, really.

Michelle Kupchella Adams: Yeah. [Inaudible] Yeah. And [Inaudible] Discover Downtown Johnstown Partnership. So, it's -- it's us.

Kamala Harris: So, you're civic leaders.

Jennifer Galiote: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: Right?

Michelle Kupchella Adams: It's -- it's really great.

Kamala Harris: Yeah. Yeah. How did you guys decide to open a bookstore? What [Inaudible] part of it?

Jennifer Galiote: Well, so we -- we had dinner together with our husbands at a restaurant down the street, Balance Restaurant, and it was an evening in the summer and everything was going on and people were walking around, and we decided how can we become a part of that. We -- we were talking about [Inaudible] other places and said what could we do? And I said, "Well, I've always wanted to own a bookstore."

Jennifer Galiote: And then Michelle wanted to do the gift shop and the coffee shop. And --

Kamala Harris: OK. Got it. So, this is how it kind of like --

Jennifer Galiote: Her about a wine bar, and we said let's put our ideas together, and OK, here we are.

Michelle Kupchella Adams: Can we show you the sign?

Kamala Harris: Now, let me [Inaudible]

Unidentified: Where do you want to -- Go quickly, right behind here. Right in here. Right in here. Right here. Yup. Right over here. Keep it -- keep it coming back. Right here. Keep coming back. Keep coming -- come back, please. Show me where you want this. She's going right here? Thank you, guys. Stay [Inaudible] I'm not even really [Inaudible] That's what I mean.

Unidentified: I call her back. [Inaudible] Then OK. Keep going. I'm going to take a picture. Smart. Is she going to be here? I'm in here. Just that she's so tall. All right. If you have a lens, please be in front. If you don't have a lens come to the back, please. Yes. Guys, I'm asking you to move back [Inaudible] Of course.

Unidentified: I know. I'm -- I'm loving this right now.

Kamala Harris: Hi.

Unidentified: How's it going outside? It's OK.

Michelle Kupchella Adams: And the cafe is on this side, so let's go.

Unidentified: OK.

Kamala Harris: Oh, yeah. No, I get it because it's [Inaudible]

Michelle Kupchella Adams: Yeah.

Unidentified: Hey, go down a little bit. Thank you. Very nice.

Michelle Kupchella Adams: There's Cassidy, our --

Cassidy Polacek: Hi, Madam Vice President.

Kamala Harris: Hi, Cassidy.

Cassidy Polacek: Hi. I'm hanging out with the press.

Kamala Harris: Yeah, you are. You're a good bunch.

Cassidy Polacek: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Cassidy Polacek: We're -- we're nice and cozy.

Unidentified: That's why. Kamala, we love you.

Kamala Harris: Oh, thank you.

Unidentified: Madam -- Madam Vice President.

Kamala Harris: [Inaudible] together, but I wanted to come to Johnstown, and I wanted to come and visit small businesses. A lot of the work that I care about is about community, right? And there are many ways to do that and to lift people up, and one of them is our small businesses. And, you know, I was -- I was sharing with you, guys, that I -- my -- someone who was like a second mother to us is a small business owner.

Kamala Harris: So, from childhood, I've been acutely aware of who you guys are, right? And you're creating a space that is a safe space, where people are welcome and know that they're encouraged to be with each other and feel a sense of belonging. And in the midst of so many forces that are trying to kind of make people feel alone or -- or divide -- divide us, I think it's really important that we're intentional about creating these kinds of spaces.

Kamala Harris: And so, anyway, I'm happy to come by and say hi to everybody. And thank you, all.

Unidentified: We love you.

Kamala Harris: Oh, you've got like art and everything.

Michelle Kupchella Adams: Well, these are all --

Kamala Harris: Local artists? Really?

Michelle Kupchella Adams: Yes [Inaudible] believe you were coming. Thank you [Inaudible] people here. [Inaudible]

Kamala Harris: Yeah, Johnstown [Inaudible]

Unidentified: I can't see.

Kamala Harris: That's nice. Nice.

Question: Madam Vice President, how are you feeling about Pennsylvania?

Kamala Harris: I am feeling very good about Pennsylvania because there are a lot of people in Pennsylvania who deserve to be seen and heard. That's why I'm here in Johnstown. And I will be continuing to travel around the state to make sure that I'm listening as much as we are talking. And ultimately, I feel very strongly that -- that I earn every vote, and that means spending time with folks in the communities where they live.

Kamala Harris: And -- and so, that's why I'm here. We're going to be spending a lot more time in Pennsylvania.

Unidentified: Thank you so much.

Question: President Trump is holding a press conference today. Will you --

Unidentified: Thank you. Sorry about that. I'm sorry. You are very kind. Thank you. I wanted to give you -- I want to give [Inaudible] Oh, yeah. No, no, no. I'm glad you got a question. Yeah. Is there a bag? I don't know. [Inaudible] Yeah. You, guys, are evil. Good job. I mean, are we all right? Good job. Hey. I'm all good.

Unidentified: You're so funny. I feel bad about crowding Kayla. Yup. Who was it? All press, please follow me. Is that you? It's Kayla. Oh, thank you. Had a clear -- I -- I had no line of sight. [Inaudible] right off the [Inaudible] This happens when we're all the same height. Jim's not here. Yeah. It's for you. Thank you, Jim. Of course.

Unidentified: Thank you. Thank you. I got you. [Audience chants "Trump"] Tell me what [Inaudible] You guys, keep moving. We got to get everyone else. [Audience chants "USA"] Guys, I want [Inaudible] across two and three are right down that way. [Audience chants "Harris"] Harris. Harris. Harris. Harris, call her Black.

Unidentified: No, go back. [Inaudible] No, go back. [Inaudible] Great. What just happened? Why is our van so much more full than it was? Oh, I think there's --