Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-remarks-campaign-rally-phoenix-october-31-2024

Kamala Harris: Hello, Arizona. Hi, everyone. [Audience chants "Kamala"] Thank you all. Thank you. OK, we have work to do. Thank you. Thank you. Can we hear it for Ruben Gallego? And I've known Ruben, a long time. And, of course, Arizona knows him so well. He is a veteran of the Marine Corps, a proven leader, a champion for all of Arizona, and please send him to the United States Senate.

Kamala Harris: So, it's so good to be back in Arizona. And, Phoenix, are we ready to do this? [Audience responds affirmatively] Are we ready to vote? [Audience responds affirmatively] Are we ready to win? [Audience responds affirmatively] Oh, it's good to be back [Audience member calls out "We love you."] and to be with so many incredible leaders. [Audience member calls out "We love you."]

Kamala Harris: I love you back. I love you back. I want to thank Governor Hobbs, Senator Kelly, Gabby Giffords. Mayors Gallego, Romero, and Giles. Ambassador Jeff Flake, I am so grateful to all of you for your support. And to all the tribal leaders, the elected leaders, community leaders here today, I thank you. And let's hear it again for Los Tigres del Norte.

Kamala Harris: OK, work to do. So, Arizona tomorrow, Friday, November 4th -- by the way, happy Halloween. So, tomorrow, Friday, November 1st, is the last day to vote early in person. And if you are voting by mail and still have your ballot, please take it to any dropbox in your county or any voting location by 7 p.

Kamala Harris: m. on Tuesday, November 5th. And you can go to iwillvote.com to get all the information you need. And to all the leaders here, please help spread the word on that. [Audience responds affirmatively] OK? And we need you to vote Arizona because we have five days left. Five days left in one of the most consequential elections of our lifetime, and we have work to do.

Kamala Harris: But we like hard work. [Audience responds affirmatively] Hard work is good work. [Audience responds affirmatively] Hard work is joyful work. [Audience responds affirmatively] And make no mistake, we will win. [Audience responds affirmatively] We will win, we will win, we will win. And we will win because we know that it's very clear to all of us here when you know what you stand for, you know what to fight for.

Kamala Harris: And we love our country, and we love our country. And we know in this election we have an opportunity to turn the page on a decade of Donald Trump trying to keep us divided and afraid of each other. We're done with that. We're exhausted with that. [Audience chants "Vote"] And we know -- and we know that's who he is.

Kamala Harris: But, Phoenix, that is not who we are. That is not who we are. And it is time for a new generation of leadership in America, [Audience responds affirmatively] and I am ready to offer that leadership as the next president of the United States. And, Arizona, many of you know me. I'm not afraid of tough fights.

Kamala Harris: For decades, I was a prosecutor. I was the top law enforcement officer of the biggest state in our country. And I have won fights. I won fights against the big banks that ripped off homeowners, against for-profit colleges that scammed veterans and students, against predators who abused women and children.

Kamala Harris: And we are fighting for democracy. [Audience chants "Kamala"] And that's all right. That's all right. Democracy can be complicated, but we believe in democracy and the right of everyone to have their voices heard. That's all right. And I have fought for many who have harmed other human beings. I have fought against the cartels that trafficked in guns, drugs, and human beings.

Kamala Harris: And it is my pledge to you that if you give me the chance to fight on your behalf as president, there is nothing in the world that will stand in my way. And look, we all know who Donald Trump is. This is not [Audience boos] -- because here's the thing we all know. He is not someone who is thinking about how to make your life better.

Kamala Harris: This is someone who is unstable, obsessed with revenge, consumed with grievance, and out for unchecked power. And in less than 90 days, it will either be him or me in the Oval Office. [Audience chants "Kamala"] Yes, we're going to get this done. And -- and I thank you. I thank you. And here's the thing, because we're really clear and we can all picture it.

Kamala Harris: We can picture the Oval Office, right? And if he is elected, on day one, Donald Trump would walk into that office with an enemies list. On day one, when I am elected, I will walk in with a to-do list. And on top of my list is bringing down. [Untranslated] And on top of my list in that spirit is bringing down your cost of living.

Kamala Harris: It's an issue that we need to address, and it will be my focus every single day as president. I will give a middle class-tax cut to over 100 million Americans. I will enact -- I will enact the first ever federal ban on corporate price gouging on groceries. I will fight to make sure that hardworking Americans can actually afford a place to live. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Kamala Harris: And if you are caring for an elderly parent -- look, I took care of my mother when she was sick. If you are taking care of an elderly parent, I understand what you are experiencing and my plan will cover the cost of care under Medicare for the seniors in your life who need help and support. Because so much of my plan for me is about the dignity that all people deserve, which is why my plan includes lowering the cost of child care, cutting taxes for small businesses, and lowering health care costs.

Kamala Harris: Do we have small businesses in the house? [Audience responds affirmatively] I will focus on health care, because this is where I come from. I believe access to health care should be a right and not just a privilege of those who can afford it. On the other hand, Donald Trump's answer to the -- hey, guys, you know what -- here's the thing.

Kamala Harris: Let's talk for a moment about Gaza. We all want this war to end and get the hostages out, and I will work on it full time when I am elected president as I've been. And I have yours. So, there's a contrast in this election on so many issues, including our plans for America's economy. Donald Trump's answer to the financial pressures you face is the same as the last time, another trillion dollars in tax cuts for billionaires and the biggest corporations.

Kamala Harris: And this time, he will pay for it. [Audience boos] And this time his plan is a 20 percent national sales tax on everything you buy that is imported: clothes, food, toys, cell phones. A Trump sales tax according to The Economist would cost the average American family an additional $4,000 a year. [Audience boos] And on top of that, Donald Trump still wants to get rid of the Affordable Care Act, [Audience boos] also known as Obamacare.

Kamala Harris: And he has a powerful friend in Congress, the speaker of the House, who recently said if Trump wins, there will be "no Obamacare," which would throw -- understand the meaning of that. It would throw millions of Americans off of their health insurance and take us back to the time which we remember, when insurance companies could deny people with preexisting conditions.

Kamala Harris: Well, we are not going back. We are not going back. We're not going back. We're not going back. [Audience chants "We're not going back."] And we are not going back because ours is a fight for the future, and it is a fight for freedom, like the fundamental freedom of a woman to make decisions about her own body and not have her government tell her what to do.

Kamala Harris: And remember how we got here, Donald Trump, hand-selected three members of the United States Supreme Court [Audience boos] with the intention that they would undo the protections of Roe v. Wade. And they did as he intended. And now, in America, 1 in 3 women lives in a state with a Trump abortion ban, many with no exceptions even for rape and incest, which is immoral.

Kamala Harris: And -- and -- and Donald Trump's not done. Did everyone hear what he just said yesterday? That he will do what he wants, quote, and here's where I'm going to quote, "whether the women like it or not." [Audience boos] [Audience chants "Vote"] And -- and we must vote -- because this is the thing, you know, there's a saying that you got to listen to people and they tell you who you are -- who they are? And this is not the first time he has told us who he is.

Kamala Harris: He does not believe women should have the agency and authority to make decisions about their own bodies. This is the same man who said women should be punished for their choices. He simply does not respect the freedom of women or the intelligence of women to know what's in their own best interest and make decisions accordingly.

Kamala Harris: But we trust women. We trust women. [Audience responds affirmatively] Which is why, yes, we will vote because we also understand, if he was elected, he has been pretty clear in his behavior and his deeds, he will ban abortion nationwide. He will restrict access to birth control, put IVF treatments at risk, and force states to monitor women's pregnancies.

Kamala Harris: And you don't have to take my word for it, just google Project 2025. Read the plans for yourself. And I think everyone here knows that we can agree, one does not have to abandon their faith or deeply held beliefs to agree the government shouldn't be telling her what to do. Not the government, not the government.

Kamala Harris: So, Arizona, to protect your right, to make your own health care decisions, I would recommend you vote yes on Proposition 139 and make sure you vote up and down the ballot to truly protect that right. And it is my pledge to you, when Congress passes a bill to restore reproductive freedom, as president of the United States, I will proudly sign it into law.

Kamala Harris: Proudly. So, Arizona, I'm here to ask for your vote, [Audience responds affirmatively] which I would be so honored to have. And here is my pledge to you. As president I pledge to you to seek common ground and common sense solutions to the challenges you face. I will tell you, I am not looking to score political points.

Kamala Harris: I am looking to make progress. I pledge to you to listen to experts to listen to those who will be impacted by the decisions I make. And I pledge to you to listen to people who disagree with me. And unlike Donald Trump, I don't believe that people who disagree with me are the enemy. He wants to put them in jail.

Kamala Harris: I'll give them a seat at the table because that's how a democracy works, and that's how real leaders work. And I pledge to you to always put country above party and above self and to be a president for all Americans. That is my sincere pledge to you. And so, Phoenix, with five days left in this campaign, my opponent is also making his closing argument to America. [Audience boos]

Kamala Harris: And you've probably seen a bit of it. It is an argument that is full of hate and division. He insults Latinos, scapegoats immigrants. And it's not just what he says, it's what he will do. If elected, you can be sure he will bring back family separation policies, only on a much greater scale than last time.

Kamala Harris: And it is time then to turn the page on Donald Trump. We are done with that. So, five days out, and it all comes down to this. We are here together, and you all have taken time out of all the demands on your life and your busy schedules. You have taken the time to be here because I know we all love our country.

Kamala Harris: We love our country. We love our country. And when you love something you fight for it. You fight for it. [Audience chants "USA"] Yes. Yes. And with that spirit and with this spirit, we know that one of the highest forms of patriotism, the love that we have for our country, is to then fight for its ideals and to fight to realize the promise of America.

Kamala Harris: That's what this is about. And I have always believed in our nation's promise because I have lived it. I grew up as a child of the Civil Rights Movement. My parents would take me to marches when I was in a stroller and people during that time would come together from every walk of life together from every background, every race, and come together to fight for freedom and opportunity.

Kamala Harris: Growing up -- when I was growing up, I saw how hard my mother worked to give her two daughters the same chances our country gave her. And I was blessed to have family by blood and to have family by love who instilled -- who instilled in me the values of community and compassion and faith. I've spent my life fighting for people who have been hurt and counted out, but never stopped believing that anything in our country is possible.

Kamala Harris: I have lived the promise of America. And today, I see the promise of America in everyone here in all of you. I see the promise of America in the women who refuse to accept a future without reproductive freedom and the men who support them, in the fathers and mothers who work hard every day for their children's future, in Republicans who have never voted for a Democrat before but put the Constitution of the United States before party.

Kamala Harris: And I see the promise of America in all the young leaders who are voting for the first time. Where are you? Let me see you. And I love this generation of leaders. You are rightly -- I mean, you guys are rightly impatient for change. And you are determined to live free from gun violence, to tackle the climate crisis, to shape the world you inherit.

Kamala Harris: And for our young leaders, here's the thing. None of this is theoretical for them. It's not political for you all. It is your lived experience. And I see you and I see your incredible power, and I am so proud of you. So, can we hear it for the first-time voters who are here? Although, why aren't you guys in class? It's OK.

Kamala Harris: So, Arizona, we have five days to get this done, and no one can sit on the sidelines. Let's spend the next five days so that when we look back on these five days, we'll know we did everything we could. So, let's knock on doors. Let's text and call voters. Let's reach out to family and friends and neighbors and coworkers and classmates.

Kamala Harris: And as we do, here is my request, let us please be intentional about building community. Let us be intentional about building coalitions. You know there's been so much about these last several years that is making people feel alone, making people point their fingers at each other as though we're not all in this together.

Kamala Harris: So, let's approach this with the spirit that is about bringing folks back together and reminding everyone the vast majority of us have so much more in common than what separates us. So, let's approach -- let's approach it that way. We will be the stronger for it. And always remember, your vote is your voice and your voice is your power.

Kamala Harris: So, Arizona today I ask you, are you ready to make your voices heard? [Audience responds affirmatively] Do we believe in freedom? [Audience responds affirmatively] Do we believe in opportunity? [Audience responds affirmatively] Do we believe in the promise of America? [Audience responds affirmatively] and are we ready to fight for it? [Audience responds affirmatively] And when we fight, we win. [Audience calls out "We win."]

Kamala Harris: God bless you, and God bless the United States of America.