Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-remarks-campaign-rally-reno-nevada-october-31-2024

Kamala Harris: [Applause] We're doing this. Happy Nevada day. And can we please hear it for Michon? Oh, it's good to be back. Oh, it's good to be back. Oh, it's good to be back. I have spent a lot of time in Reno over the years, and it is so good to be back. And, Reno, are we ready to do this? [Audience responds affirmatively] Are we ready to vote? [Audience responds affirmatively] Are we ready to win? [Audience responds affirmatively] Yes, it is so good to be back and with so many incredible leaders.

Kamala Harris: And I want to just start by thanking everyone here for taking time out of your busy lives to be here this afternoon for us to celebrate -- to celebrate each other and community. And I thank you, everyone. I want to thank my dear, dear friend Senator Catherine Cortez Masto. As you know, we were AGs together.

Kamala Harris: I was in California, she was here. We were fighting a good fight, arm in arm, always together. I want to thank Mayor Schieve, DNC Chair Jaime Harrison, Michael Gordon with Launa Local 169. And, Nevada, please send Jacky Rosen back to the United States Senate. And to all the tribal elected and community leaders with us today.

Kamala Harris: I thank you. I thank you. I thank you. So, Reno, tomorrow -- by the way, Happy Halloween. So, tomorrow, Friday, November 1st, is the last day to vote early in person. And if you are voting by mail, please do not wait. Sign the envelope and return your ballot today. Your ballot must be returned to a dropbox or postmarked by Election Day, next Tuesday, November 5th.

Kamala Harris: So, please help get the word out and ask people to go to iwillvote.com if they're not sure. Let's spread the word. And we need you to vote, Nevada. You are going to make the difference in the outcome of this election. And I thank you. I thank you. So, OK, we got some work to do. OK, we have five days left in one of the most consequential elections of our lifetime.

Kamala Harris: And we do have work to do. But here's the thing I know about everybody here. We like hard work. Hard work is good work. Hard work is joyful work. And make no mistake, we will win. [Audience responds affirmatively] We will win. We will win. And one of the reasons we will win is because I know who the folks are here.

Kamala Harris: I know who you are. And here's the thing about all of us. We know that when you know what you stand for, you know what to fight for, [Audience responds affirmatively] when you know what to fight for. and we know we have an opportunity in this election to turn the page on a decade of Donald Trump trying to keep us divided and afraid of each other.

Kamala Harris: We're done with that. We're exhausted by it. We're done with that. We're done with it. And, Reno, this is the thing. We know that this is not who we are, that's not who we are, and it is time for a new generation of leadership in America. [Audience responds affirmatively] And I am ready to offer that leadership as the next president of the United States.

Kamala Harris: And, Nevada, we're -- [Audience chants "Kamala"] thank you. All right. OK, OK, we got work to do, we got work to do. So, listen -- but let me say this. And a lot of folks here know, I am not afraid of tough fights. For decades as a prosecutor and as a top law enforcement officer of the -- of the first cousin of Nevada, California, I won fights.

Kamala Harris: I won fights with Catherine against the big banks that ripped off homeowners, against for-profit colleges that scammed veterans and students, against predators who harmed women and children, against the cartels that trafficked in guns and drugs and human beings. And it is my pledge to you that if you give me the chance to fight on your behalf as president, there is nothing in the world that will stand in my way of fighting for you.

Kamala Harris: For the people. And look, we know who Donald Trump. [Audience boos] Because we all know he is not someone who is thinking about how to make your life better. And this is someone who is increasingly unstable, [Audience responds affirmatively] obsessed with revenge, [Audience responds affirmatively] consumed with grievance, [Audience responds affirmatively] and he's out for unchecked power. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Kamala Harris: And in less than 90 days, either he or I will be sitting in the Oval Office. And listen, here's what we can imagine, right? We've all seen on TV. You've seen the Oval Office. But here's the thing, just -- we have to get the word out to help people even just visually imagine what that day will be. Because if elected, Donald Trump on day one would walk into that office with an enemies list. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Kamala Harris: When I am elected, I will walk in with a to-do list on behalf of you. And at the top of my list is bringing down your cost of living. That will be my focus every single day as president. I will give a middle-class tax cut to over 100 million Americans, enact -- enact the first ever federal ban on corporate price gouging on groceries.

Kamala Harris: I've taken on that issue before. I'll take it on again. I will make housing more affordable by building more homes and taking on corporate landlords who unfairly buy up all these properties and jack up rents. [Audience responds affirmatively] We will fight for working families by raising the minimum wage and eliminating taxes on tips for service and hospitality workers. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Kamala Harris: And if you're caring for an elderly parent -- I took care of my mother when she was sick. Listen, this is personal for me as so many of these issues. If you are taking care of an elderly parent, my plan will cover the cost of home health care for seniors with Medicare so you don't have to deplete whatever savings you've got to qualify for Medicaid.

Kamala Harris: It's just about dignity so that seniors can stay in their homes, and you can be able to do all that you need to do, especially if any of you are in that sandwich generation raising young kids while you're taking care of your parents. It's just about dignity. [Audience responds affirmatively] My plan will lower the cost of childcare, same point.

Kamala Harris: We will also cut taxes for small businesses. Can I see the small business owners who are here? [Audience responds affirmatively] Oh, I love our small businesses. And we will lower health care costs because here's where I come from. I believe that health care should be a right and not just a privilege of those who can afford it.

Kamala Harris: So, this is about values, right? How do you think about what people need to live with dignity, to live where they are able to work and know that it actually means something that is not just about getting by but getting ahead? On the other hand, Donald Trump's answer to the financial pressures you face is the same as it was the last time, another trillion dollars in tax cuts for billionaires and big corporations. [Audience boos]

Kamala Harris: And this time, he will pay for it with a 20 percent national sales tax on everything you buy that is imported, just imagine, on clothes, food, toys, cell phones. A Trump sales tax that economists have measured will cost you, on average, an additional $4,000 a year. [Audience boos] And on top of that, Donald Trump still wants to get rid of the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare. [Audience boos]

Kamala Harris: And he has a very powerful friend in Congress, the speaker of the House, who recently, if you notice, said that there will be a "end to Obamacare." The words he used were "No Obamacare," which, if he were to get his way if Trump wins, means they would throw millions of Americans off the health insurance and take us back, which would take us back to, when you'll remember, insurance companies had the ability to deny people with preexisting conditions.

Kamala Harris: But, Nevada, we are not going back. We are not going back. We are not going back. We are not going back. We're not going back. We're not going back. [Audience chants "We're not going back"] And we are not going back because ours -- ours is a fight for the future. And ours is a fight for freedom, like the fundamental freedom of a woman to make decisions about her own body and not have her government tell her what to do.

Kamala Harris: And we all remember how we got here. Donald Trump hand-selected three members of the United States Supreme Court to overturn Roe v. Wade. [Audience boos] They did. And now, 1 in 3 women in America lives in a state with a Trump abortion ban, many with no exceptions for rape or incest. You know what, let me say something about this.

Kamala Harris: We're here because we're fighting for a democracy, fighting for a democracy. And understand the difference here -- understand the difference here moving forward, moving forward, understand the difference here. What we are looking at is a difference in this election. Let's move forward and see where we are because on the issue, for example, of freedom of choice.

Kamala Harris: That's OK. That's all right. That's all right. That's OK. That's all right. You know what? Democracy can be complicated sometimes. It's OK. We're fighting for the right for people to be heard and not jailed because they speak their mind. We know what's at stake. And on the issue of freedom, listen, Donald Trump's not done.

Kamala Harris: Did anybody hear what he had to say just yesterday? [Audience responds affirmatively] And I'll tell you, it was outrageous. So, he said on the issue of freedom of choice, reproductive freedom, he said that he will do what he wants because, quote, he -- this is his perspective, he will do it "whether the women like it or not."

Kamala Harris: Whether the women like it or not. [Audience boos] Can you imagine? And this is not the first time he has told us. He does not believe women should have authority or agency over their own bodies. [Audience boos] This is the same person who said that women should be punished for their choices. And what we know is we -- we know what we are seeing.

Kamala Harris: This is someone who simply does not respect the freedom of women or the intelligence of women to make decisions about their own lives. And we know that what he has planned includes a national abortion ban restricting access to birth control, putting IVF treatments at risk, and forcing states to monitor women's pregnancies.

Kamala Harris: You don't have to take my word for it. Google project 2025. [Audience boos] Read the plans for yourselves. And I know we all know that one does not have to abandon their faith or reasonably held beliefs to agree that the government should not be telling her what to do with her body. So, Nevada, to protect your right to make your own health care decisions, vote yes on question 6.

Kamala Harris: And make sure you vote up and down the ballot to truly protect that right. And I will tell you, when Congress passes a bill to restore reproductive freedom nationwide, as president of the United States, I will proudly sign it into law. Proudly. Proudly. So, Nevada, I am here asking for your vote. I am asking for your vote.

Kamala Harris: And here is my pledge to you -- [Audience member calls out "We got your back."] and I got your back. As president, I pledge to you to seek common ground and common sense solutions to the challenges you face. I am not looking to score political points, I am looking to make progress. And I pledge to listen to experts, to listen to those who will be impacted by the decisions I make, and to listen to people who disagree with me.

Kamala Harris: Because that's what real leaders do. That's what real leaders do. And unlike Donald Trump, I don't believe that the people who disagree with me are the enemy. He wants to put them in jail. I'll give them a seat at the table. That's what leadership looks like. And I pledge to you to always put country above party and self and to be a president for all Americans, for all Americans.

Kamala Harris: So, it all comes down to this. We are all here together. And again, you are taking this time to be here because we love our country. We love our country. And when you love something, you fight for it. You fight for it. And I do believe it is one of the highest forms of patriotism, of our expression of our love for our country to then fight for the ideals of our country, and to fight, to realize the promise of America.

Kamala Harris: And I'm going to tell you, I have always believed in our nation's promise because I have lived it. I grew up a child of the Civil Rights Movement. My parents would take me to marches when I was in a stroller. And at those places people from all walks of life came together to fight for the ideals of freedom and opportunity.

Kamala Harris: You know, growing up, I saw how hard my mother worked to give her daughters the same chance our country gave her. And I was blessed to have family by blood and family by love, who instilled in me the values of c community and compassion and faith. I've spent my life fighting for the people who have been hurt and who have been counted out, and people who never stopped even then believing that in our country, anything is possible.

Kamala Harris: I've lived the promise of America, and I see the promise of America in every one here. [Audience responds affirmatively] It is in all of us, it is in all of us, it is in all of us. It is in the women who refuse to accept a future without reproductive freedom. It is in the men who support them. [Audience responds affirmatively] It is in the fathers and mothers who work hard every day for their children's future.

Kamala Harris: It is in the Republicans who never voted for a Democrat before but have put the Constitution of the United States above party. [Audience responds affirmatively] I see the promise of America in all the young leaders who are voting for the first time. Right? And I'll tell you what I love about this generation, Gen Z.

Kamala Harris: I'm going to shout you out. Let me tell you what I love about you, all you leaders, you young leaders. You are rightly impatient for change. I love that about you. You are determined to live free from gun violence, to take on the climate crisis, to shape the world that you inherit. I love that about you.

Kamala Harris: And for them, I say to everybody else, look, none of this is theoretical. This for them is a lived experience. It's not political, it's what they're living. And to the young leaders, and I say, I see you, I believe in you, and I see your power. You are so powerful. And I would just ask, can we give it up for the first-time voters who are in the house? Right.

Kamala Harris: See, I'm telling you, our future is bright. You just have to see it in front of you. The future of our country is bright. And so, to the people of Nevada, look, you are battle born, [Audience responds affirmatively] and we are ready for the hard work ahead. We have five days to get it done. And so, look, nobody can sit on the sidelines.

Kamala Harris: Let's spend the next five days so that when we look back on these days, we have no regrets. And let us make sure that we are knocking on doors, that we are texting folks, calling folks, reaching out to family and friends and classmates and neighbors and coworkers. And as we do -- I have a request, as we do please, let's be intentional about building community.

Kamala Harris: And let's be intentional about building coalitions. [Audience responds affirmatively] You know, these last many years it's had a way of, you know, trying to make people point their fingers at each other, trying to divide us, trying to make people feel alone. So, let us all, in this moment, be intentional about building back up and reminding folks we have so much more in common than what separates us. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Kamala Harris: So much more. So much more. And so, we all know here, your vote is your voice, and your voice is your power. So, today, Nevada, I ask you then, are you ready to make your voices heard? [Audience responds affirmatively] Do we believe in freedom? [Audience responds affirmatively] Do we believe in opportunity? [Audience responds affirmatively] Do we believe in the promise of America? [Audience responds affirmatively] And are we ready to fight for it? [Audience responds affirmatively] And when we fight, we win. [Audience calls out "We win."]

Kamala Harris: God bless you, and God bless the United States of America.