Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-remarks-voters-restaurant-philadelphia-october-27-2024

Unidentified: I just want to remind you, there's no cameras right behind you, and I just want to remind you about the camera. Let me get out. I'm moving out of your shack. Let me [Inaudible] How are you? Good. Y'all move over there so -- I know. Sorry. Over there [Inaudible]

Kamala Harris: It smells good in here.

Unidentified: Madam Vice President.

Kamala Harris: Hi. How are you?

Unidentified: You can vote her, as your mama. It's all right. It's all right. [Inaudible]

Kamala Harris: I did not make this baby cry.

Unidentified: You did not. Oh, look at that. Do you mind if I take a picture with you, too?

Kamala Harris: Oh, no.

Unidentified: Thank you so much. Bobby. Bobby. Get in, Bobby. Bobby, get in. That's good. Thank you. Thank you so much. Yes, and say --

Cherelle Parker: One more, one more, one more.

Unidentified: Thank you.

Kamala Harris: Who are all those -- who are all those people?

Unidentified: You're a natural. Bless you. Bless you. Hi. Sorry about that. See, Simon, you made history. He can, even if he's only a part of history. She already made history. What do you mean [Inaudible] You got a babysitter.

Kamala Harris: If that thing doesn't work out.

Unidentified: Oh, no, it's going to work out. That's right. That's right. That's right. We'll call it out.

Kamala Harris: Hi, everybody.

Unidentified: Hi. Oh, my God. This is such a [Inaudible]

Kamala Harris: [Inaudible] how behaved you are.

Unidentified: She is.

Kamala Harris: Hi, sweetheart.

Unidentified: Hi. Thank you.

Kamala Harris: OK. I'll see you later.

Unidentified: Anthony. Anthony. Simon [Inaudible]

Kamala Harris: Seriously [Inaudible] Because Anthony came right in. He came right in. And then here's the thing, eye contact.

Cherelle Parker: Eye contact.

Kamala Harris: He literally [Inaudible]

Unidentified: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: [Inaudible]

Unidentified: Yeah. [Inaudible]

Kamala Harris: [Inaudible] And what -- what classes do you like?

Unidentified: Science and math. Right.

Kamala Harris: That's what I'm saying, right? So, you know, I think that, first of all, it's fine [Inaudible] No, seriously, because there's a certain brain that understands [Inaudible]

Unidentified: The rest. I'm right here. Give me -- give me the plug right there. Yeah. Yeah. Good job. Let McCarty -- come through, McCarty. Take the back. Good to see you. Yeah. Yeah. You [Inaudible] You want to see through? Oh, crap. I'm sorry. Yeah, I'll stay right here. What's your story? Fellas, take a step to the side.

Unidentified: No, everyone will [Inaudible] Not you. We'll be right here. Oh, yeah. Either [Inaudible] Hello. Everybody, hello. Thank you, everybody. [Inaudible] Alex [Inaudible] They're ready. How do you say -- they all look better. Wait a minute. There's no way these people can see. Got you, Joey. Thanks. Thank you.

Unidentified: Where Joey is? I can go, trying to get [Inaudible] Just want to go. If you, guys, all come back. All right. What do you want us to do? I can't -- I literally cannot see. All my stills, take one step -- take one step back, all of you. Andy [Inaudible] Andy, you guys [Inaudible] I'm here. Everybody. Thank you.

Unidentified: Just take one little step back. Perfect. And everyone knows. You are [Inaudible] like room right here. Just like a snake over there. Hey. Nate. Yeah. You, guys, ready?

Cherelle Parker: Ladies and gentlemen, put your hands together for our councilwoman, Quetcy Lozada; our vice president and soon-to-be 47th president of the United States of America, Kamala Harris. And -- and listen -- so did you see the baby? Did you all see the baby over there?

Unidentified: Not yet.

Cherelle Parker: So, listen, when the baby comes, you have to take the picture. She had the baby smiling. So, she's going to be the babysitter. We got to get through this. How many more days? Let me hear you say nine days.

Audience: Nine days.

Cherelle Parker: Councilwoman Quetcy Lozada and Vice President Kamala Harris.

Unidentified: How are you? I voted for you already.

Kamala Harris: You know, nine days.

Unidentified: Nine days. Nine days.

Kamala Harris: And hard work is good work, as we know. We're going to -- we are winning. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Unidentified: And we're going to win.

Kamala Harris: We are going to win. And -- and part of this --

Unidentified: Oh, man, the youngest adviser here.

Kamala Harris: And I want to thank everybody for all the work that you've been doing, Mayor, Councilwoman. You know, here's how I think about these nine days. Obviously, the goal is to win, but the goal also for me and I know for all of us is, in this process, to build community.

Cherelle Parker: Yes.

Unidentified: Amen.

Kamala Harris: Right? To build coalitions, to remind people that we're all in this together. I think there's been so much about these last many years in the so-called Trump era that has been about trying to have people point their fingers at each other and divide people and make people feel small. And what I know about the leaders who are here, we know the real measure of the strength of leaders is based on who you lift up, not who you beat down.

Cherelle Parker: That's right. That's right.

Unidentified: Come on now.

Kamala Harris: And so, we're going to continue to work on that. But you all have been doing such extraordinary work. And truly, the path to victory runs through Philly and it runs through Pennsylvania and it runs through all of you.

Cherelle Parker: Yes.

Kamala Harris: And so, I thank you -- thank you for that.

Unidentified: We're afraid of the cages.

Kamala Harris: Well, you know what, here's the thing. I -- I so strongly believe that our campaign and this fight really is not against something. It is for something.

Cherelle Parker: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: You know, today, for example, I announced my policy on Puerto Rico. And I mean --

Unidentified: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Kamala Harris: But no, no. But I'll tell you, I mean, I've been -- I've been to Puerto Rico, right after Maria, for example. I've been -- this is not a new area of focus for me. In fact, my team will tell you that even when I was in the Senate, knowing Puerto Rico doesn't have a senator, I always felt a need and an obligation to do what I could as a senator to make sure that Puerto Rico's needs were met.

Kamala Harris: And I have some work that I did during the Senate years that is in furtherance of that. But this morning, I announced what we're going to -- so my whole economic plan, whether it be around affordable housing, getting families a child tax credit, supporting our small businesses, I call it an opportunity economy in terms of the vision, right, about giving people access to opportunity, knowing that the people in all communities, in our community, they want, yes, a job, but they want to be able to build wealth.

Cherelle Parker: Yes. Yes.

Kamala Harris: They want to be able to build intergenerational wealth, homeownership, small business, small business growth, right? So, I call it an opportunity economy. The thing I mentioned this morning is I'm going to create basically an opportunity economy task force for Puerto Rico.

Cherelle Parker: Wow.

Kamala Harris: Right. And specifically focused on two things. One, bringing the private sector with nonprofits with the Puerto Rican leadership around and -- the federal government around focusing on what we need to do around building economic opportunity on the island as an extension of the overall plan for an opportunity economy.

Kamala Harris: Again, homeownership, small business, all of that. But the second piece of it specifically, and this is something I saw from the times that I've been there to examine what we need to do better, is the electrical grid, right?

Unidentified: Yes. Right.

Kamala Harris: And so, focusing specifically on what we need to do to bring resources and to attract investment to finally deal with that grid. And we know that Puerto Rico, among the many challenges that it faces, it is -- it can be ground zero for extreme climate. And so, as we know the electrical grid and what we need to do in terms of restoring and building up and investing in the workforce and the economy includes focusing on everything that we've been talking about as a general matter around investing in a clean energy economy, in resilience adaptation to extreme weather events.

Kamala Harris: So, I came because I want to thank you all for what you're doing, but I also want to share with you that the work that we are doing is, yes, it's about this campaign, but it's so much bigger.

Unidentified: Yes.

Kamala Harris: And I really believe that we are all a part of a new generation of leadership for our country --

Unidentified: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: That is optimistic and ambitious.

Cherelle Parker: Yes.

Kamala Harris: And may I say for myself quite impatient about knowing that we can get things done.

Unidentified: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: All right. I'm looking at two incredible leaders who know exactly and do exactly that work.

Unidentified: We're all looking at them now.

Kamala Harris: Yeah, man. You're right. So, we're going to get it done. But again, thank you, all, and especially this Sunday, taking time away from your families and your other obligations to -- to join me. I appreciate it very much.

Cherelle Parker: Yes, same.

Unidentified: When we fight -- President. [Audience responds "We win"]

Kamala Harris: We win. [Audience responds "We win"]

Quetcy Lozada: We win.

Cherelle Parker: We win.

Unidentified: When we fight --  [Audience responds "We win"]

Kamala Harris: We win.

Quetcy Lozada: We win.

Cherelle Parker: We win.

Unidentified: When we fight -- [Audience responds "We win"]

Kamala Harris: We win.

Quetcy Lozada: We win.

Cherelle Parker: We win.

Kamala Harris: Thank you.

Unidentified: Hey. [Untranslated] [Untranslated]