Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-remarks-tour-semiconductor-plant-hemlock-michigan-october-28-2024

Kamala Harris: Well, I've read about it, and I want to see it.

Unidentified: I'm excited to show you.

Kamala Harris: So, now, I can -- right now, I can see what I've been reading about.

Unidentified: Yeah, yeah. So, we actually [Inaudible] different processes, which our lovely colleagues here will be able to show you. Here is, actually, a harvested U-rod where we actually do grow it. So, this is what it looks like when it comes out of a processing [Inaudible]

Kamala Harris: Can I touch it?

Unidentified: Do not touch it.

Kamala Harris: Do not -- I'm glad I asked.

Unidentified: Yes. Yes. Please do not touch any of the poly.

Kamala Harris: And I won't touch that.

Unidentified: These are very sharp.

Dan Kildee: These are very sharp.

Unidentified: Yes, very sharp.

Kamala Harris: Yes. OK. OK. And shiny.

Unidentified: So, with that being said, we have [Inaudible], Derrick [ph] and [Inaudible].

Kamala Harris: Hi, guys.

Unidentified: Hi there. Pleasure meeting you.

Kamala Harris: Kamala Harris.

Unidentified: Pleasure to have you here.

Kamala Harris: Thank you. It's good to be with you guys. Thank you.

Unidentified: So, here at Hemlock site, we manufacture the purest human-made substance on Earth, which is polysilicon.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Unidentified: So, that whole process starts with quartz. From there, it's refined to 99% pure metallurgical-grade silicon. And what we do here on our site is we use a chemical vapor deposition process to purify it even further. And the purity levels that we're talking about is on the magnitude of one grain of sand in 16 Olympic-size swimming pools would be too impure.

Kamala Harris: So, what are you extracting in the purification process?

Unidentified: Different materials, trace metals.

Kamala Harris: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Right.

Unidentified: Nickels, human elements, sodium and different stuff like that. [Inaudible].

Kamala Harris: And what is the timeline process from that to that?

Unidentified: So, this process we don't specifically do.

Kamala Harris: OK.

Unidentified: We get ground metallurgical-grade silicon that we are feeding into to create [Inaudible]. So, the process to actually grow this from when we get the [Inaudible] to what we see in our final product is a little over a week with testing [Inaudible]

Kamala Harris: A week. At what volume?

Unidentified: I don't know that we're technically allowed to say.

Kamala Harris: We will follow up on that. Right. OK.

Unidentified: So, just to make the rod here takes about a little over two days of runtime in the reactor. So, that's going to go [another fun fact] this site uses more electricity than any other [Inaudible] in Michigan and if you take [Inaudible] and add them all up [Inaudible] Yeah, absolutely.

Kamala Harris: [Inaudible] go and bring it back.

Unidentified: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: OK. [Inaudible].

Unidentified: We're going to go right over here [Inaudible]. So, where we're going to go here to one of my manufacturing colleagues, Scott [Inaudible].

Kamala Harris: Hi. Hi.

Unidentified: Vice President Harris, Scott [Inaudible]. Pleasure to meet you. Welcome to HSC.

Kamala Harris: How are you? Very nice to meet you, Scott. Thank you. Hi.

Unidentified: Nice to meet you.

Kamala Harris: Nice to meet you. Thank you.

Unidentified: So, you're probably wondering this big shiny thing, what do we got going on?

Kamala Harris: Yeah, tell me.

Unidentified: This is called an ingot.

Kamala Harris: What is it?

Unidentified: An ingot.

Kamala Harris: Ingot.

Unidentified: Ingot.

Kamala Harris: OK.

Unidentified: These are model-grade ingots. These ingots actually are grown to a larger scale than -- this is just for modeling purposes.

Kamala Harris: OK.

Unidentified: So, these can get eight to 10 feet, 40 -- between 20 to 40 inches in diameter. But where does this come from, right? So, the table you were just down there, right. So, here at HSC, we produce the purest polysilicon -- semi-grade and [Inaudible]. So, you'll see here, this [Inaudible] right here is what we sell to our customers, right?

Unidentified: So, this -- this material here will get put into what's called -- it gets melted down for customers.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Unidentified: They melt it down and they call it -- it gets pulled into an ingot. And it gets really, really hot. And then when it gets pulled into their ingots, basically some of your impurities, your metals, nickels, coppers, and things like that come to the outside of that. So, basically, you're trying to leach out, get all the impurities out of that ingot.

Unidentified: So -- and then our material from, you know, Hemlock site, we actually -- will be sent over to the Corning Solar facility [Inaudible] --

Kamala Harris: Right.

Unidentified: Which we're very proud to, you know, to talk about. You'll see here and big pictures.

Kamala Harris: Yes.

Unidentified: And here is where the ingot will be actually -- material will be sent over there. Actually, ingots [Inaudible] and then be cutting int wafers and things like that.

Kamala Harris: So, how is it drawn? What's that process? [Inaudible] I just imagine --

Unidentified: So, it gets -- it gets melted -- it's melted into a pot and also [Inaudible] high temperatures where it's melted and that it gets pulled [Inaudible].

Kamala Harris: Right. So, it is actually being pulled like taffy.

Unidentified: Yeah. Absolutely. Yes.

Kamala Harris: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Unidentified: Exactly what -- that's what it is. And that's what happens right in here.

Kamala Harris: [Inaudible] growing up.

Unidentified: And what reference [Inaudible]. And when you were driving up, you would have seen this just under construction. This is where we're going to hire 1,300 new people. This is the --

Kamala Harris: You started hiring [Inaudible], right?

Unidentified: Yeah, we just started today. Yeah.

Kamala Harris: That's right. Yeah.

Unidentified: So, this is going to be the largest solar wafer production facility in America right here in Eastern Michigan.

Kamala Harris: Bravo. That is fantastic. This is so exciting.

Unidentified: Absolutely. Very exciting. And then from the ingot -- I know Phil will introduce -- we already introduced [Inaudible]. Please, go ahead.

Kamala Harris: OK.

Unidentified: This is Janet Wolfgram.

Kamala Harris: Yes, hello again.

Janet Wolfgram: Hello.

Kamala Harris: OK. Tell me.

Janet Wolfgram: It's all things quality.

Kamala Harris: OK.

Janet Wolfgram: So, when they pull this ingot, we can tell any defects they find.

Kamala Harris: OK.

Janet Wolfgram: So, it's very critical from the raw material to all those processes you saw, we have the control quality.

Kamala Harris: Right, of course.

Janet Wolfgram: Very critical for both semi and solar. We treat it almost similar, even though solar has a lower purity requirement.

Kamala Harris: OK.

Janet Wolfgram: So, from this ingot, they cut it down into wafers that look like those circular guys there, very sharp, but essentially, what you saw here --

Kamala Harris: You're actually just slicing it?

Janet Wolfgram: Yes.

Kamala Harris: I see.

Janet Wolfgram: Yes. Yes. Into slices. So, it will look like this. And from here, it will make it to smaller, smaller celts.

Kamala Harris: Can I see this? I just want to see how --

Janet Wolfgram: That's right there.

Kamala Harris: Yeah. Yeah, right. [Inaudible] Hi.

Unidentified: Hi. There's two more of our manufacturing teammates over here. My name's Richard.

Kamala Harris: Very nice to meet you. Kamala Harris.

Unidentified: Hi. [Inaudible] Richards [Inaudible] please. Tell the vice president what you do. So, we are control specialists. Our job is to keep all the PLCs [Inaudible] running.

Kamala Harris: So, what's a PLC?

Unidentified: Programmable logic controller. It's similar to a computer, but the idea is that it's mainly focused on the mechanical aspect in controlling the actual movement of the conveyors and other mechanical arms.

Kamala Harris: OK. And so, you make sure that it's working so that everything's moving?

Unidentified: Yes. We're on shift maintenance to ensure we can keep as much product flowing through our line as good as possible.

Kamala Harris: Excellent. How long have you been --

Unidentified: About two years.

Kamala Harris: What kind of training did you get [Inaudible]

Unidentified: So --

Kamala Harris: [Inaudible] what kind of training?

Unidentified: We have a lot of off-site training, so we got sent to various suppliers. We took classes from [Inaudible]

Kamala Harris: So, what? Technology, engineering, all of those skills, right?

Unidentified: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Unidentified: Yeah. We went to -- I went to [Inaudible]

Kamala Harris: That is [Inaudible]. Then tell me what you do here.

Unidentified: So, I'm also in the MCS [Inaudible]. I also take in a little bit more robotics initiative. So, I've been basically making sure that both the robot over here that currently picks up bags drop --

Kamala Harris: So, is that this one the -- the -- with the yellow over there?

Unidentified: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: Are those the arm?

Unidentified: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: Yeah. OK.

Unidentified: And so, that -- that tool holding the bag will be the tool that will drop the bag.

Kamala Harris: Oh, I see. So, that's the bag of what we were looking at earlier.

Unidentified: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: And it's going to drop it into what?

Unidentified: Into one of these boxes.

Kamala Harris: One of these boxes. And then this goes out to your [Inaudible]?

Unidentified: Yep. Yep. Yep.

Kamala Harris: OK.

Unidentified: And -- but as it approaches back towards us, it will then get sent to the second robot over here. That would be our palletizing robot, and it will suction to one of these boxes. And it will pick it up, put it on a pallet. Twenty-five boxes to a pallet, then it puts on corners. And it will glue the corners to the pallet and then send it down.

Unidentified: [Inaudible] like 40 boxes or 40 minutes per pallet.

Kamala Harris: Wow.

Unidentified: Yeah, [Inaudible] so it'd be 1,500 pounds [Inaudible].

Kamala Harris: [Inaudible]

Unidentified: Yeah. Yeah. So, this is just more of an automated process, so it's all hands-on.

Kamala Harris: Right. This is very exciting.

Unidentified: So, what do you think of this?

Kamala Harris: Well, I have to tell you, I love [Inaudible].

Unidentified: Thank you.

Kamala Harris: I really do. I just --