Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-remarks-voter-registration-training-philadelphia-september-17-2024

Note: [Video was not made available for this event. The following is the official transcript, as provided by The White House.]

Kamala Harris: Thank you. Thank you, Gabby. Thank you all so very much. I -- first of all, Mayor, thank you for being here, and I [Inaudible]... You've been -- you've just been extraordinary as a leader and also as a friend, and I thank you so very much. Hi, guys. I'm so happy to see you guys.

Kamala Harris: What schools are represented here? [Audience calls out, inaudibly. One member calls out clearly "UPenn"]

Kamala Harris: Okay. [Laughter] Poor guy. You're the only one in here from UPenn. [Laughter] Okay. Come on. [Laughter] I'm so happy to see you guys. You know, I -- you guys know how I feel about you and your generation. You all are just killing it. And you are the reason -- one of the reasons, for sure, that I am so optimistic and excited about the future of our country.

Kamala Harris: Your generation -- seriously, because you guys -- the thing I love about you: You're brilliant, you care, you are impatient. [Laughter] You're like, "I'm not waiting for somebody else to handle this; I'm going to work on getting it done," which is why you guys are all here. You all have figured out -- you know, I think we're all born as leaders, and it's a matter of when you decide to kick it in, and you all have decided to do that at this stage of your life in such a critical way.

Kamala Harris: And every issue that is at play in this election is going to directly impact you. And, of course, you know that, and that's why you're here, because you're taking matters into your own hands. And I think it's really important at a moment like this, when there are some powerful forces, frankly, that are trying to diminish and belittle and suggest that, you know, we have nothing in common and divide us that leaders pull together, build community, build coalitions -- right? -- who really intentionally understand the power in the collective.

Kamala Harris: And you all have figured that out in such an amazing way. And I hope you're making friends with each other, because you're going to run into each other years from now like, "Yeah, you remember '24 [Inaudible]" -- [Laughter]. You guys are going to remember each other when -- whether you decide to run for elected office or whatever you decide to do with your role of leadership.

Kamala Harris: So, I hope you're making friends and enjoying each other as you build up what we need to do over the next 49 days. In 49 days, we are going to make such a big difference, and we're going to win. We are winning this campaign. We are winning this campaign. And I will tell you -- and I will tell you, it's very, very important to me, and I know to you that our goal, yes, is that we must and will win and that through these next 49 days, we continue to build community and coalition.

Kamala Harris: Let's leave something for the work we are doing right now that lifts people up, that strengthens people, that strengthens communities. Right? Let's have that as our co-equal goal, because that's when we really -- combined with the goal, the ultimate goal of winning, that's when we're about building something that will be bigger than any one of us, and it's a great feeling.

Kamala Harris: You all have heard me say probably many times, I think part of what's wrong and backward thinking about what we've been seeing from some folks is the suggestion that the measure of the strength of a leader is based on who you beat down, instead of what we all know: The true measure of the strength of a leader is based on who you lift up. So, let's do our work. Let's do our work in a way that is about doing just that, and that includes being a volunteer.

Kamala Harris: You know, I've worked on many campaigns, and I don't know if some of you know, but I -- my first political office that I ran for was freshman class representative of the liberal arts student council. [Laughter and applause] Mayor, it was a very tough race. I ran against this girl from Jersey. She was tough. [Laughter] But I was from Oakland, so we were all right. [Laughter and applause] But I say all that to say that there is so much that you guys are going to do during these next days.

Kamala Harris: It's about knocking on doors and talking with people. You know, I know everyone is living online and through their phones, but the power that I hope you have seen already and you're going to see over these next 49 days -- there's an incredible power that comes with just looking somebody in the eye, shaking their hand, asking them, "How are you doing?

Kamala Harris: What are you concerned about? What are you worried about? What are your dreams? What are your hopes?" It's an incredible, incredible thing you can do when you do that sincerely. And you're going to see that there's a lot of joy that comes with that experience, too, but an incredible amount of power. And so, that's the -- that's the joy of -- of volunteering.

Kamala Harris: You know, and you going to knock on doors, you're going to call. It is just as equally important. You know, I mean -- you know, so many people in my life, they're like, "You're the only person who leaves voicemails that I know." [Laughter] But they love my voicemails -- [Laughter] -- because there's something about hearing another human's voice in addition to receiving a text message.

Kamala Harris: Right? And so, you're going to be doing the calls, and you're going to be texting, and you're going to be engaging. And it's a reciprocal relationship, and you're going to be receiving so much in the process. So, thank you all for all that you are doing and that you're committing to do over these next 49 days.

Kamala Harris: I know there are many other things you could be doing. Don't put aside your studies. [Laughter] You know, shower from time to time. [Laughter] Try to eat vegetables when you can. [Laughter] But enjoy it and know -- know, most importantly, you are making a difference. You are making a difference. Our country is relying on you guys.

Kamala Harris: We really are. So, keep at it. Thank you for everything. Today is National Voter Registration Day. We -- voting registration, I believe, ends October 21st, so we've got, you know, about a month to get this done and make sure that people are registered. And then we're going to remind them about why it's important that they are, because their voice is their power; their power is their voice.

Kamala Harris: We're going to remind people: Don't ever let anybody silence your power. Right? [Inaudible] So, with that, I'll see you all in these streets. And please take care. And be well. And thank you, thank you, thank you. Thank you all. Thank you.