Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-remarks-campaign-event-jonesboro-georgia-october-20-2024

Kamala Harris: Good afternoon, church. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Please have a seat. Please have a seat. I will be brief, but please have a seat. [Audience member calls out "We're not going back"]

Kamala Harris: We are not going back. No, we are not going back. Bishop Battle, I want to thank you for warmly receiving me and so many of us who -- who joined you this afternoon -- to thank you and the congregation and first lady for all the work that you are doing and for getting folks out to the polls today. I was -- I've been in Georgia.

Kamala Harris: Today, I was -- earlier, we were in fellowship and prayer with my pastor, who -- who flew out from -- from San Francisco, Reverend Dr. Amos C. Brown of Third Baptist Church in San Francisco. We were all together this morning. And I have to say that I do know that we have all been raised in the church to understand "faith" is a verb. [Laughs] It is about what we know and can believe, despite what we see, but it also is something that is going to manifest itself in our actions, our deeds, and our service.

Kamala Harris: And I know everyone here today and this afternoon is committed to doing just that, and this is an afternoon that is about faith in action. And, Pastor, I have to say, there is so much at stake right now. And when we think about how we have learned and have understood and lived the knowledge that ours is a loving God, and that we understand that for us to do good works, it means to do it in the spirit of understanding that our strength is not based on who we beat down, as some would try and suggest.

Kamala Harris: Our strength is based on who we lift up. And that spirit is very much at stake in these next 16 days, which is: Are we a country that honors, through our faith and our deeds, the importance of kindness; of -- of support; of understanding the dignity in each other, the respect that we should have for each other?

Kamala Harris: You know, we know, in terms of the parable of the Good Samaritan, that we have learned and should live a life where in the face of a stranger, we see a neighbor. But that's not what we see on the other side of this oqua- -- equation in this election. It is constantly about berating people and belittling people and name-calling.

Kamala Harris: And I think we of faith, we who believe in our country and love our country, know that we each as individuals and as a community have the power to make decisions through these next 16 days that will be about a statement about what kind of country do we want to live in and is ours a country where the people will speak their word -- the power of the people will make the statement that ours is a country that, fueled by our faith, is about doing things that are focused on what's in the best interest of our children, our families; giving people the resources they need around assistance; helping people pull out of poverty -- those who want to work hard, who are working hard, but deserve to be seen and uplifted.

Kamala Harris: And these are the issues in this election. I offer as an example -- one of the things that I am very focused on is what we need to do to take care of our elders, right? So, as a point of personal experience, I will share with you. When my mother was sick -- she passed away from cancer. And I know this is "Pink Sunday" for many of us. We're -- we're acknowledging what we knew t- -- need to do to fight breast cancer.

Kamala Harris: So, my mother, she -- she actually did research in breast cancer, okay? And she was one of the very few who actually -- a woman of color who was doing this work. But when my mother was sick, I took care of her. And for anyone who has taken care of an elder in your family -- a parent, a grandparent -- you know what that is. It's about trying to cook something that they'll feel like eating.

Kamala Harris: It's about trying to give them the clothes that won't irritate their skin, to -- to help them to put on a sweater. It's about trying to figure out something you can say that brings a smile to their face or gives them a reason to laugh. It's about dignity. It's about dignity. So, part of how I think about what we need to do in the future of our country is really have policies that are about sharing and giving and recognizing dignity, which is why part of my plan is that instead of having you have to either leave your job to take care of an elder in your family or try to pull together the money to afford to bring somebody in or -- worse yet -- have to reduce all of your savings to qualify for Medicaid -- I know what I'm talking about.

Kamala Harris: So, understanding it's about dignity, part of my plan is that we are going to have Medicare co- -- cover the cost of in-home health care for our seniors. And I could go on and on on the list of things that are about -- from my perspective, and a lot of it my lived experience -- about what kinds of policies a president of the United States should be leading and pushing that are rooted in recognizing the dignity in each one of us and the importance of lifting others up, especially those in need.

Kamala Harris: And as much as anything else, that's what's at stake in this election. And so, I thank you for all you are willing to do to continue to be leaders in this community, to get folks out to vote. We have to remou- -- we have to remind people the power they have, in spite of those that would try to diminish and make people feel powerless, in spite of those who would try and suggest that, "Oh, if you vote, nothing will happen." For sure, if you don't vote, nothing will happen.

Kamala Harris: I mean, recently, I was reminded: Jimmy Carter voted on his 100th birthday. Seems to me everybody can vote. [Laughs] But this work is so important because, in these next 16 days, with your help, I hope that we will continue to work on building back up community. The church knows best how to do that. Let's build back up community.

Kamala Harris: Let's remind each other and perfect strangers we are all in this together. We have so much more in common than what separates us. So, let's reclaim that spirit for our country as we fight for the future, because we are not going back. We are not going back. And my final point is to thank the great Stevie Wonder, because my -- you know, if one were to ever have a life dream -- you know, people talk about a bucket list.

Kamala Harris: I think I have just checked off a whole big one -- [Laughter] -- to have Stevie Wonder himself sing me "Happy Birthday." [Laughs] So, I am truly blessed.

Stevie Wonder: Madam Vice President, I just want to -- want to -- if they can just say --

Kamala Harris: Oh.

Stevie Wonder: [Singing] People, keep on voting.

Kamala Harris: Keep on voting! People -- I'm not going to sing in here. [Laughs, audience sings "People, keep on voting"]

Stevie Wonder: [Singing] 'Til we reach the higher ground.

Kamala Harris: 'Til we reach the higher ground. [Laughs]

Stevie Wonder: Yes!

Donald E. Battle: Amen.

Kamala Harris: All right. Bishop, I'm going to give you back the mic. [Laughs]