Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-remarks-campaign-event-las-vegas-september-29-2024

Kamala Harris: Hey, Las Vegas. Good evening, Nevada. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you all. Thank you, thank you. Thank you, everyone. Thank you. Thank you. And can we please hear it for Captain Quintero? Oh, thank you all. Thank you, everyone. Oh, it is so wonderful to be back in Nevada.

Kamala Harris: Thank you all. Thank you. And happy Hispanic Heritage Month to everyone. Thank you. Thank you all. It's good to be back, and I want to thank everyone for all that you do. I know we have some extraordinary elected leaders here, and I want to thank them for their incredible work and friendship. It is good to be with all the leaders who are here, including Representative Susie Lee, who is here; Steven Horsford; Dina Titus; the great General Ford; Senator Catherine Cortez Masto; Senator Jacky Rosen, who we're going to send back to the United States Senate.

Kamala Harris: Thank you, everyone, and all the local leaders here. There are so many leaders here. It is good to be back with you. Thank you, thank you, thank you. And wait a minute. We also tonight have here some of the Vegas Raiders, who won their game tonight. Thank you. Congratulations. Oh, congratulations. You came right from the game.

Kamala Harris: Congratulations. Give them an applause, all right? Well done. Well done. Well done. So, in all seriousness, everyone, before I begin, I want to say a few words about Hurricane Helene. And please have a seat if you're able. I want to talk about Hurricane Helene for a moment. And I know that everyone here sends their thoughts and prayers for the folks who have been so devastated by that hurricane and the ensuing events in Florida, in Georgia, the Carolinas, and other impacted states.

Kamala Harris: And we know that so many have been impacted. Some have died. But I want to thank everyone for doing everything you can to think about them. Send them your thoughts. Send them your prayers. I want to thank the first responders who have done so much. And we will stand with these communities for as long as it takes to make sure that they are able to recover and rebuild.

Kamala Harris: Earlier today, I received an operational briefing from FEMA Director Criswell. More than 3,300 federal personnel have been mobilized. We are deploying food, water, and generators and working to restore water and power. And the president and I have told state and local leaders, we will provide whatever help they need in the days and weeks ahead.

Kamala Harris: And so, I thank you all for sending your best wishes to everyone there. Thank you. So, Las Vegas, we have 37 days until the election. Thirty-seven days. And we know this will be a tight race until the very end. [Audience responds affirmatively] And let's level set. We are the underdog, we are the underdog, and we have some hard work ahead.

Kamala Harris: But here's the thing. We like hard work. Hard work is good work. Hard work is good work. And with your help, we will win in November. Yes, we will. Yes, we will. Yes, we will. [Audience chants "We will win"] We will win. We will win. And here's why, and here's why, and here's why. Because we here know that this election is about two very different visions for our nation.

Kamala Harris: And the contrast, I think, was quite clear in our debate. Did you all see the debate? [Audience responds affirmatively] You saw you saw the debate. You saw the debate. Yeah, yeah. And in two days, I know we will cheer on Coach Walz when he debates JD Vance. Yeah. But listen, also, their debate should not be the last word.

Kamala Harris: I'm trying to debate Donald Trump again, and I think he should debate again. The American people have a right to hear us discuss the issues. And as you say here in Las Vegas, I'm all-in. I'm all-in even if my opponent is ready to fold, so there you go. But you will remember, in our first debate, I talked about issues like bringing down the cost of living, investing in small businesses, protecting reproductive freedom, and keeping our nation secure.

Kamala Harris: But from Donald Trump, well, it was the same old, tired playbook; same old, tired playbook, with no plan on how he would address the needs of the American people. Well, folks, it's time to turn the page. It's time to turn the page. America is ready to chart a new way forward, ready for a new and optimistic generation of leadership, [Audience responds affirmatively] which is why Democrats, Republicans, and independents are supporting our campaign because we know we need a president who works for all the American people.

Kamala Harris: Enough of the division. Enough of the hate. We are all in this together. [Audience responds affirmatively] And you all know, for my entire career, I've only had one client: the people, the people. From being a young courtroom prosecutor in Oakland, I stood up for women and children against predators.

Kamala Harris: As attorney general of California, I took on the big banks and delivered $20 billion for middle-class families who faced foreclosure. I stood up for veterans and students being scammed by for-profit colleges, for workers who were being cheated out of their wages. And I pledge to you, as president, I will fight for all Americans.

Kamala Harris: And together, we will build a brighter future for our nation. We will build a future that includes thinking about our economy in a way that it is about lifting everyone up. We will build what I call an opportunity economy so that every American has an opportunity to own a home, to build wealth, to start a business.

Kamala Harris: And let me tell you, I love our small businesses, of which I've met so many right here in Vegas. You know, growing up, our mother worked very long hours. And so, my sister Maya and I would go over two doors down to Ms. Shelton's house. She -- we called her our second mother. And Ms. Shelton was a small-business owner.

Kamala Harris: So, I know, since I was a young child, who our small businesses are, who our small-business owners are. Small businesses are the backbone of America's economy. I know that. I know that. And Latina small-business owners are the fastest-growing segment of our economy. So, my plan is about tapping into that ambition, those aspirations, those dreams, those incredible ideas, that strong work ethic that people have, also understanding not everybody gets handed $4 million on a silver platter and files for bankruptcy six times. [Audience boos]

Kamala Harris: So, my plan is about saying we've got to help entrepreneurs, startups out, and I will give a $50,000 tax deduction to help entrepreneurs start their small businesses. Because right now, that tax deduction is $5,000. Can't nobody start a small business in 2024. So, we're going -- we are going to make it something what -- where it is doable to lift folks up.

Kamala Harris: We also need to build more housing in America. My mother saved up for years until I was a teenager when she was able to buy our first home. And right now, a serious housing shortage is part of what is driving up cost. So, we will cut the red tape and work with the private sector to build 3 million new homes and provide first-time home buyers with $25,000 downpayment assistance so you can just get your foot in the door.

Kamala Harris: You'll do the rest. And we must lower the cost of living, because while our economy is doing well by many measures, prices for everyday things like groceries are still too high. You know it, and I know it. So, I have a plan that includes lowering costs on everything from health care to groceries, including, I will take on, the corporate price gouging that we know has resulted in jacking prices up, often around tragedies and emergencies.

Kamala Harris: We will give a tax cut to 100 million more Americans, including $6,000 during the first year of a child's life knowing that the vast majority of our young parents have a natural desire to parent their children well but not always the resources to do it. And that $6,000 in extending and expanding the child tax credit will help buying a crib, buying a car seat, doing the things that are so critical in that first phase of life.

Kamala Harris: I will also make sure good-paying jobs are available to all Americans, not only those with college degrees. [Audience responds affirmatively] Because we need to recognize the value of additional paths, such as apprenticeships and technical programs. [Audience responds affirmatively] And so, as president, part of how I'm going to push this forward is I will get rid of unnecessary degree requirements for federal jobs, understanding that having a college degree is not the only measure of the skills and experience of a worker.

Kamala Harris: And when we do that with the federal workforce, I'm coming to ask the private sector challenge you to do the same. So, all of this is to say I will always put the middle class and working families first. I come from the middle class, and I will never forget where I come from. Never. Now, Donald Trump has a different plan. [Audience boos]

Kamala Harris: Yeah. Just google Project 2025. [Audience boos] Which, I have to say, I still can't believe they put that thing in writing. They printed it up. They bound it. They handed it out. Just google it. It is a detailed and dangerous blueprint for what he would do if he were elected again as president. Donald Trump will give billionaires and corporations massive tax cuts again, [Audience boos] cut Social Security and Medicare, [Audience boos] and impose what I call a Trump sales tax, which would be a 20 percent tax on everyday basic necessities, [Audience boos] which economists have measured would cost the average family nearly 4,000 more dollars a year in everyday expenses. [Audience boos]

Kamala Harris: And on top of all this, Donald Trump intends to end the Affordable Care Act. [Audience boos] And he has no plan to replace it. He has "concepts" of a plan. "Concepts." So, here's the thing, though. We can laugh about many things, but the consequences of this are quite serious quite serious. Because think about it: He's going to threaten health coverage and health insurance for 45 million people in our country based on a concept and take us back to when insurance companies could deny people with preexisting conditions.

Kamala Harris: You remember what that was like? [Audience boos] Well, we are not going back. We are not going back. [Audience chants "We're not going back."] We're not going back. We -- we will move forward and -- and we will take on the biggest issues facing our nation. We have talked about the economy. We have talked about what we can do in terms of investing in the ambition, the aspirations of our country.

Kamala Harris: We will take on the issue of immigration. We will take on a number of issues. On the subject of immigration, we must have comprehensive immigration reform with strong border security and an earned pathway to citizenship, including for hardworking immigrants who have been here for years, including our Dreamers -- including our Dreamers.

Kamala Harris: And I was attorney general of a border state. I prosecuted transnational criminal organizations who traffic in guns, drugs, and human beings. And as president, I will double the resources for the Department of Justice to go after those transnational cartels and take action to stop the flow of fentanyl coming into our country, which is destroying entire communities.

Kamala Harris: These are serious problems, and we know Donald Trump won't solve them. When he was president, he did nothing to fix our immigration system. And earlier this year, we had a chance to pass the toughest bipartisan border security bill in decades. And Donald Trump tanked the bill because he thought that that bill, if passed, would have hurt him, and he'd prefer to run on a problem instead of fixing a problem.

Kamala Harris: That's not the kind of president we want. [Audience boos] As president, he cruelly separated families and plans to do it again. [Audience boos] And he continues to fan the flames of fear and division. Look, we need a president who cares more about solving problems than playing political games and demeaning people full time.

Kamala Harris: We're tired of that. We're we're done with that. So, Nevada, ours is a fight for the future and it is a fight for freedom like the fundamental freedom of a woman to be able to make decisions about her own body and not have her government tell her what to do. And we remember how we got here. Donald Trump hand-selected three members of the United States Supreme Court the court of Thurgood and RBG [Audience boos] so that they would do as they did and overturn the protections of Roe v.

Kamala Harris: Wade. And now, 1 in 3 women in America lives in a state with a Trump abortion ban, [Audience boos] many with no exceptions, even for rape and incest. It is immoral. Immoral. And let us agree, one does not have to abandon their faith or deeply held beliefs to agree the government shouldn't be telling her what to do.

Kamala Harris: If she chooses, she will talk with her priest, her pastor, her rabbi, her imam, but not the government telling her what to do with her body. Come on. And with Jacky Rosen back in the United States Senate, when Congress passes a bill to restore reproductive freedom, as president of the United States, I will proudly sign it into law.

Kamala Harris: Proudly sign it into law. And, Nevada, you know I'm traveling all over our country. Across our nation, we are witnessing a full-on assault on other hard-fought, hard-won freedoms and rights, like the freedom to vote, the freedom to join a union, the freedom to breathe clean air and drink clean water, the freedom to love who you love openly and with pride, and the freedom to be safe from gun violence, which after 1 October Nevada proved that smart gun safety laws are just common sense.

Kamala Harris: So, look, generations before us, generations of America led the fight for freedom. And the baton, well, it's now in our hands. It's now in our hands. And it all comes down to this. We are here together -- you came out on a Sunday evening. We are here together because we know what is at stake, and we are here together because we love our country.

Kamala Harris: We love our country. [Audience responds affirmatively] We love our country. [Audience chants "USA"] That's right. That's right. And I do believe I do believe that one of the highest forms of patriotism that we could show is to then fight for the ideals of our country. That's what this is about. It is a fight to realize the promise of America.

Kamala Harris: And I know the people of Nevada, you are Battle Born. You are Battle Born. Yes, you are. And we are all ready for the work ahead. Thirty-seven days. Thirty-seven days. And here in Nevada, every voter will receive a ballot in the mail, and in-person early voting starts October 19th. So, now is the time to make your plan for how you are going to vote.

Kamala Harris: OK? And I'd ask you to start making your plan now for how you are going to vote. And if you choose to vote by mail, do not wait. Fill out your ballot, sign it, and send it back right away. OK? And tell your neighbors. Because, folks, the election is here, and we need to energize and organize and mobilize.

Kamala Harris: And remember, your vote is your voice. [Audience responds affirmatively] Your voice is your power. [Audience responds affirmatively] Don't ever let anybody take your power from you. Never. Never. Don't let anybody silence you ever. So, Las Vegas, today, I ask you, are you ready to make your voices heard? [Audience responds affirmatively] Do we believe in freedom? [Audience responds affirmatively] Do we believe in opportunity? [Audience responds affirmatively] Do we believe in the promise of America? [Audience responds affirmatively] And are we ready to fight for it? [Audience responds affirmatively] And when we fight we win. [Audience chants "We win."]

Kamala Harris: God bless you, and God bless the United States of America. God bless you. [Applause]