Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-remarks-track-house-visit-gretchen-whitmer-kalamazoo-michigan-october-26-2024

Kamala Harris: How was your day [Inaudible]? How was it? What's the name of the team. [Inaudible]

Gretchen Whitmer: And you're The Force? I bet you're [Inaudible]

Unidentified: Can I get a picture of you ladies together?

Kamala Harris: Come on. Come on, Governor.

Gretchen Whitmer: OK.

Unidentified: Get in there.

Kamala Harris: OK. Go Force! Go!

Unidentified: What do you say? Thank you.

Gretchen Whitmer: You're welcome.

Unidentified: Thank you.

Kamala Harris: Thank you. Take care.

Norah O'Donnell: Hi, Governor.

Gretchen Whitmer: How are you? Good to see you.

Norah O'Donnell: Good to see you. Thank you. How's the race here?

Gretchen Whitmer: Good.

Kamala Harris: Hi, guys.

Unidentified: Look, I got your shirt.

Kamala Harris: You know what that -- you know what that one on the front -- this one. So when I -- that was my first day after I was inaugurated DA, which was my first position. And I got into the office, and I challenged the incumbent when I ran. And he didn't leave me any furniture.

Unidentified: So, I see you had to sit there.

Kamala Harris: So, I'm sitting there in the middle of the office on that chair.

Unidentified: I love it. Thank you so much. Nice to meet you. Thank you for your service.

Kamala Harris: Thank you. Thank you.

Unidentified: Hi, Governor.

Kamala Harris: Nice to see the governor.

Gretchen Whitmer: Can I treat you to a beer made here in Kalamazoo?

Kamala Harris: Of course. Hi.

Unidentified: What can I get for you?

Kamala Harris: [Inaudible]

Gretchen Whitmer: OK. She'll try that, too.

Unidentified: Do you want to try the Oberon Eclipse?

Kamala Harris: [Inaudible]

Unidentified: All right.

Kamala Harris: Hi, guys. How are you all?

Unidentified: Hi.

Kamala Harris: I think -- are we sitting?

Gretchen Whitmer: Do want to sit? Can we sit? All right. Let's sit.

Kamala Harris: We're not kicking anybody out, are we?

Unidentified: How often do you have a beer?

Kamala Harris: [Inaudible]

Unidentified: Aren't you more of a wine person? What are you having, Madam Vice President?

Kamala Harris: I am having what she's having.

Unidentified: OK.

Gretchen Whitmer: It's an Oberon, and it's made right here in Kalamazoo, which many are calling Kamalazoo.

Kamala Harris: Exactly.

Unidentified: Cheers.

Kamala Harris: OK. Cheers.

Unidentified: Cheers. Cheers.

Kamala Harris: Cheers. Cheers.

Gretchen Whitmer: Great rally.

Kamala Harris: Really great.

Gretchen Whitmer: Good.

Kamala Harris: That was really great. And I just -- I mean, it's [Inaudible] It's not just obligatory.

Gretchen Whitmer: Right.

Kamala Harris: Right? It's not like -- it's not just like I'm a Democrat [Inaudible] You've been so amazing. [Inaudible]

Gretchen Whitmer: I've been bugging your whole team. I'm like [Inaudible]

Kamala Harris: [Inaudible] Oh, we have microphones.

Gretchen Whitmer: Oh, hi.

Kamala Harris: And they're just listening to everything. I didn't realize that. OK. So -- now, you tell us.

Gretchen Whitmer: You'll bleep my F words.

Kamala Harris: We just told all the family secrets. Shit. Anyways, it's good to see you. OK, who are you rooting for?

Gretchen Whitmer: Michigan State.

Kamala Harris: Of course you are.

Gretchen Whitmer: I have two degrees from MSU, and both my girls go to the University of Michigan.

Question: Governor, do you think Vice President Harris is going to win here?

Gretchen Whitmer: I do.

Question: And how are you going to make that happen?

Gretchen Whitmer: We're working our tails off.

Kamala Harris: She's been --

Gretchen Whitmer: We're doing everything we know to do. Yeah.

Kamala Harris: She's been on the ground all over the state and actually in [Inaudible]

Question: What do you think of the Oberon?

Unidentified: Come on, everybody. Let's go, guys. Let's go. Thank you, press. We appreciate you. Thank you.