Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-remarks-philadelphia-teenagers-recreation-center-october-27-2024

Unidentified: Hey. Thank you.

Kamala Harris: Are some of the kids here now?

Randyll Butler: Now, some of them. This is a new group here, but these are some that are part of our -- and we come this way so you can see them.

Unidentified: All right. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Turn them off, turn them off, turn them off. We got to get -- Keep coming, keep coming, keep coming. We got all this room. We got all this room. Let's spread. Come on. We got all this room. A little bit more. Phoenix. We got all the room. All right, guys.

Unidentified: We're going to point to the direction you want to slide in, but I want to point, and I want everybody to look in the direction real quick.

Unidentified: Can everybody look right over here and see who's there? Are we excited? [Audience responds affirmatively] Can someone -- All right. Let's show it to the girls, OK? Let's show it to the girls. So, everybody, eyes on me. When I point in a direction, what are we doing? [Inaudible] Defensive shuffle in that direction, just what you were doing around the corner.

Unidentified: When I point back, what are we doing? Backpedal. Backpedal, but make sure you know who's behind you. You got cameras back here. Don't backpedal into them, OK? If I point this way, what are you doing? Coming towards me. Perfect. I got it? Yeah. All right. So, this way, let's shuffle. Shuffle to the right, to my right.

Unidentified: Let's go back. Come forward. Back again. This way. Forward. Coming over here. Back. Down to the ground. Push up, push up, push up, push up. Do you notice that I'm not doing it? All right. Back up, back up. Towards me, towards me. Over this way. Awesome. All right, guys. You bring them in. All right.

Randyll Butler: All right. Come -- come here and introduce you now.

Kamala Harris: Hi. Hi. All right. No problem. [Inaudible] Oh, I'm so proud of you guys. I -- come here. You can come a second time. I'm so proud of you, guys.

Randyll Butler: Guys --

Kamala Harris: I just love seeing our young leaders, and I'm -- and the coach has been telling me about how well you guys are doing and how hard you're working and how disciplined you all are and how smart you are.

Randyll Butler: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: And, you know, the reason I do what I do is because of you all. And when I look at you, I know the future of our country is so bright. I'm counting on you. guys. And I think you know that you all were born leaders and it's just a matter of when you decide to lead. And I am so happy that you decided at such an early age to be leaders.

Randyll Butler: Absolutely.

Kamala Harris: I really am. And you guys know that you're part of the role model club, right? Right? So, the role model club is our club, right? And our club of role models means that people will watch you, like your siblings, your brothers and your sisters, or your cousins, or your neighbors, and they'll say, "Oh, they're so good at basketball. And they have friends and they're part of a team. And they take schoolwork seriously."

Kamala Harris: And they're looking at you and saying, "Oh, that's a leader." And they're watching how you do what you do to think about what they can do and to see the greatness in themselves because of what you guys do. And so, that's all of us being in the role model club. You guys are role models, and I'm so proud of you.

Kamala Harris: So, you keep it up. How's it going? When was the last game you guys played? Yesterday, right?

Unidentified: No. Last weekend.

Kamala Harris: Last weekend? How did we do?

Unidentified: We lost but we could have done better. We lost.

Kamala Harris: You could have done better. Tell me what happened. What happened?

Unidentified: Well, we couldn't communicate with each other.

Kamala Harris: Uh-huh.

Unidentified: Yeah. What else?

Randyll Butler: Big part.

Unidentified: What else? Like even though like we could communicate better, it was also like the other team was a little bit bigger and maybe, like, more advanced than us.

Kamala Harris: They were really tall?

Unidentified: They were playing with each other.

Kamala Harris: They were. Yeah. Well, but, you know, skill can make up for height, right? Uh-huh. Uh-huh. What else? What happened?

Unidentified: I prefer a different school. We did -- we did -- the same as them. We didn't communicate, and plus they were, like, way bigger than us and they were all eighth graders.

Kamala Harris: They were eighth graders?

Unidentified: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: You guys played against eighth graders? Wow.

Unidentified: We played against high schoolers.

Kamala Harris: Good for -- you played against high schoolers?

Unidentified: Yeah, I don't think that's allowed.

Kamala Harris: No.

Unidentified: Not allowed.

Kamala Harris: Did they say they were middle schoolers when they were actually high schoolers? What happened? What happened?

Unidentified: They look like middle schoolers. There was one kid that was an adult man.

Kamala Harris: An adult man.

Unidentified: He had a mustache and all. And they had told us. Yeah. That's great. Guys, what's -- what's something that you learned from the loss that you would tell her? Because we're all going to lose sometimes. What's something you learned?

Kamala Harris: That's exactly right.

Unidentified: Communicate better.

Kamala Harris: Communicate better. What else?

Unidentified: Learn to lead -- learn to lead and not follow.

Kamala Harris: That's very important. And what else?

Unidentified: Even if we lose, like, we did better in the last game, so like --

Kamala Harris: That's right. Improvement, right? That's very important. Like, we all make mistakes and we all have days where we're just like not at our peak, right? And then you just have to think about, OK, what went into that, and then you just do it again and you try harder the next time, right? That's part of life.

Kamala Harris: That's part of life. That's the path to running for president of the United States. Uh-huh. It's -- it's just like that, right? So, how else -- what else? What's going on? Do you have any questions? Yes, you just have a lot to say. What else? What is your name?

Unidentified: My name is Phoenix.

Kamala Harris: Phoenix.

Unidentified: Yes.

Kamala Harris: Kamala Harris. Nice to meet you.

Unidentified: Nice to meet you.

Kamala Harris: What you got, Phoenix?

Unidentified: Oh, learning from your mistakes and always keep your head up when we lose.

Kamala Harris: That's exactly right. I like that. You know, I like to say chin up, shoulders back, right? Always. That's how I see it. I saw those -- those chins go up. That's exactly right, and you know that. And you have to know this other thing. Whenever you walk into a room, like if your coaches aren't there and your friends and family aren't there and you're feeling like, oh, I'm in here alone, you have to remember that everyone who cares about you and is proud of you, they're walking in those rooms with you, right? So, you always walk in those rooms with your chin up and your shoulders back, right, knowing that there are so many of us who are so proud of you and we are applauding you on.

Kamala Harris: It's like when you guys hit the court, right, during the game and you know how you're feeling and you know like your teammates are behind you and your coaches are rooting for you, that's how I want you to go into life, OK? That's how I want you to go into life. Does that make sense?

Unidentified: Yes.

Kamala Harris: Yes? What you got? What's going on? What happened with that last game? What happened? Communication, that was the issue?

Randyll Butler: She's feeling shy.

Unidentified: Does anybody want to tell her -- so we say student first, athlete second. Who wants to tell her about something that's happening in the classroom for them?

Kamala Harris: I've heard [Inaudible] Tell me.

Unidentified: Personally?

Kamala Harris: Yes.

Unidentified: Oh, wait, what did you -- what did you say? What --

Kamala Harris: Student first.

Unidentified: Yeah. What's something with academics that you could tell her about? Grades. Better in grades, the better you are.

Kamala Harris: That's true. And what goes into good grades?

Unidentified: Privileges. Scholarships. Right. Privileges, too. Privileges.

Kamala Harris: Privilege in college, right.

Unidentified: And good high school.

Kamala Harris: And good high schools. That's true.

Randyll Butler: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: And how do you get good grades? What do you need to do to get good grades?

Unidentified: Work hard. Paying attention. Work hard. Paying attention.

Kamala Harris: Paying attention and working hard. You have to learn. You know, your -- so this is how I think about the brain. So, you know how you work -- you're building up your muscles? You know your brain is a muscle. And so, think of your brain as a muscle, right? That's how I think of the brain, it's a muscle.

Kamala Harris: And when you exercise it, it gets stronger, right? So, like, when you read a lot, it gets stronger, right? When you're paying attention and you're learning new things, it gets stronger. That's how I think the brain works. It's like a muscle, like when you guys are practicing, right? Yeah, that's how it works.

Kamala Harris: And then you just get smarter and smarter and smarter. It's exactly how it works. What else? What else? Come on. I'm here to learn some lessons from you guys. What else?

Unidentified: Does anybody have questions -- appropriate questions --

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Unidentified: To ask? Any questions? She was in your shoes one time.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Randyll Butler: Yeah.

Unidentified: Yeah, she was a middle schooler.

Kamala Harris: Yeah, middle school is kind of weird, isn't it? It's a little weird. Yeah. You're like right between -- right, isn't it? What's your name?

Unidentified: Julian.

Kamala Harris: Yeah, it's kind of weird, middle school, isn't it?

Unidentified: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: Yeah. Tell me why it's weird for you. It's just like between elementary school and high school. Like, where are you going, right? You know where you've been, you know where you're going, but middle school, how's that been?

Unidentified: Good.

Kamala Harris: Yeah?

Unidentified: Cody, what are you looking forward to about high school? To play football or basketball.

Kamala Harris: All right.

Unidentified: And go to a good college.

Kamala Harris: That's right. Yeah. Have you thought about which college you want to go to? Not yet? Yeah. But you know what I like, it's really good to also focus on what's right in front of you.