Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-remarks-tour-union-training-facility-warren-michigan-october-28-2024

Unidentified: So, Madam Vice President, this is part of our glazing apprenticeship here.

Kamala Harris: Hi, guys.

Unidentified: So, they're teaching the students how to do various glass work.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Unidentified: You know, on the push for green energy, we have different types of energy-rated glass that we're training on to make our buildings more energy-efficient.

Kamala Harris: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Unidentified: And this is some of the projects that the students work on here for the glazing apprenticeship. And who I have here, I have some of my staff, Christian [Inaudible], one of our organizer glazier journey people. Don [Inaudible] --

Kamala Harris: [Inaudible]

Unidentified: The pleasure is mine.

Kamala Harris: Thank you.

Unidentified: Don [Inaudible]. Nice to meet you, madam. Our glazing agent. And Frank Tate [ph] is our glazing instructor. Glazing instructor. That's me.

Kamala Harris: Good to meet you. Thank you.

Unidentified: You, too. So, gentleman I wanted to say --

Kamala Harris: [Inaudible] need to come here. Are you in the apprenticeship program? You are?

Unidentified: Third year.

Kamala Harris: You're third year? What year are you?

Unidentified: Second.

Kamala Harris: Second. Uh-huh.

Unidentified: So, if you wanted to explain a couple things as to what our glazing does, you know, as far as where the community goes. And, Don. First of all, thank you for coming.

Kamala Harris: Thank you for your work.

Unidentified: When you think glazing, what do you think of? We don't make donuts. We don't blaze bathtubs.

Kamala Harris: You've got jokes.

Unidentified: That's right. But we're everything in the glaze -- in the glass world. So, a lot of the old buildings that we have in Detroit, we pull the old sash windows out -- the old wood sash windows.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Unidentified: We go back in with our aluminum framing, insulated glass. It increases energy by 50 percent.

Kamala Harris: Right.

Unidentified: So, that's -- that's a couple of the things that we do. Out of the building trades, we're one of the smaller building trades. There's only 22,000 of us in the United States and Canada. So, we are one of the smaller trades. When are you -- other guys want to jump in? So, glass is very innovative. And like one thing that we're working on now is like actually the glass that's in the building is possibly making it like solar panel glass where we can actually make it a renewable resource and actually power the buildings that's made of glass like the new Hudson Tower that's downtown.

Unidentified: Most of it is glass. All you see is this big beautiful glass building, right?

Kamala Harris: Right.

Unidentified: And we're trying to incorporate more of that and even include the technology where we can make it a green building. One thing that I really wanted to touch on is not only that, but how our union changes lives. I'm a Detroit resident. I grew up super impoverished, and I was here before Detroit started to make that curve to turn around.

Kamala Harris: Yeah. Yeah.

Unidentified: So, the union offered me a way out personally because I would -- I grew up in what they would call the hood or -- I grew up, you know, in the projects. I came out of the Martin Luther King Homes downtown. So -- and I was a kid, and I didn't see a way out. And the union offered me that way out.

Kamala Harris: Right.

Unidentified: It gave me a skill where I could actually have a family, provide for my family, and actually make a living.

Kamala Harris: Right.

Unidentified: And that's just one thing that was really important to me.

Kamala Harris: Well, let me just tell you something. I love these apprenticeship programs, and it's so -- I could just see how excited you guys are, how passionate you are. And to your point, the apprenticeship programs are about difficult training, right? These -- these guys are tough on you, but they have a high standard, and you guys will meet it.

Kamala Harris: And the point that you're making also is, the apprenticeship program, it's about training people with some of the highest levels of skill that we could want and hope to see in terms of who's going to be building America.

Unidentified: Absolutely. Correct.

Kamala Harris: But the other thing that you all provide is you see the person as a whole person.

Unidentified: Yes.

Kamala Harris: You're not simply looking at these young men as workers. You're looking at them as people who live in the context of their family who have aspirations and dreams. And unions really do provide families.

Unidentified: Absolutely. Absolutely.

Kamala Harris: Especially for young people through the apprenticeship. And I know it. I -- I've been working with apprenticeship programs and, I mean, building trades, painters union my entire career. To your point, way back 20 years ago, I started a whole program around getting young men into training out of the criminal justice system.

Kamala Harris: And the apprenticeship programs were my best partners, particularly through the building trades, to have a place for these young men to go where folks are going to mentor them. Where you are going to be tough, but you see them, you understand their value.

Unidentified: That's right.

Kamala Harris: So, I hear you, and that's why I wanted to come and visit and talk about you guys when I leave because that's what I'm going to do.

Unidentified: Absolutely. Thank you for coming. Yeah. Tommy, I don't know if you wanted to mention a quick -- like what you worked on and, Ryan, what you've been working on.

Kamala Harris: Yeah, Tommy, come on. Show me what you'd show me.

Unidentified: Tommy, go ahead. Well, most of the jobs [Inaudible] a lot of [Inaudible] a lot of -- a lot of bring Detroit back on the map. It's time to rebuild this place. And we have a lot of jobs, and we're a part of that. And we're strong. Sounds good. I wanted to mention one thing, too. Under your administration in 2022, you signed a 26 percent increase, our largest negotiated contract in history.

Unidentified: So, thank you.

Kamala Harris: And then we were very intentional about making sure that the certified apprenticeship program would be what are required in terms of filling the jobs for all the money that we fit in the streets, to your point, for all these projects that are about building back up America's infrastructure. And, you know, I'm clear about it.

Kamala Harris: First of all, I'm always going to support the [Inaudible]. The second piece of it is [Inaudible]. Right? It's highly skilled.

Unidentified: That's right. It does.

Kamala Harris: You know so -- and if you want to get the job done on time, right --

Unidentified: Call the union.

Kamala Harris: [Inaudible].

Unidentified: That's right. And you graduate with no debt.

Kamala Harris: And then you graduate -- and also you don't have to go through this intensive educational program [Inaudible].

Unidentified: That's right.

Kamala Harris: Because again, you see the full person. You got rent to pay.

Unidentified: That's right. Absolutely.

Kamala Harris: Right?

Unidentified: And they get classroom and hands-on training.

Kamala Harris: Right.

Unidentified: It's not just sitting in a classroom all day. They're actually are doing a lot of this. You know, like you said, trying to learn how to do things right with features like these skilled trades.

Kamala Harris: Yeah. Yeah.

Unidentified: How about -- how about you, Ryan? Do you want to speak a little bit as to -- Yeah, sure. I [Inaudible]. My dad got [Inaudible]. So, I was trying to do something about it. [Inaudible] A certification recognizing the industry called Certified Applicator Specialist that we train them and certify them to work on these bridges because you're always fighting rust and corrosion, right?

Kamala Harris: Right.

Unidentified: And we have to make sure it's going to protect.

Kamala Harris: Sean [ph]? How you doing?

Unidentified: Yep, this is Sean [ph], my director of the apprenticeship. And he can speak a little bit -- go ahead, Sean, on as far as what we're doing -- Basically, we got something like what they would see on a job site. They can come in and get some hands-on practice. And this sandblasting, it goes through those big hoses there, and those aren't something you can just hold in your hand because they work off such high pressure.

Kamala Harris: Right.

Unidentified: You actually have to curl them up into your shoulder and be able to hold it like that and use your full weight, your -- your upper torso. It's hard work, but it's important. I mean, we go into -- into chemical tanks, you know, big chemical tank. They'll empty it out, we got to go in, remove all the paint that's in there and recoat it, so they're not having to replace the whole tanks.

Unidentified: Or on bridges, you're not having to replace the whole bridge. They're just going to be able to sandblast and repaint it again. These panels here, like Robert was saying, this certification is through the Association for Material Protection and Performance. It's a worldwide organization, and they -- basically, they have to take a written test, then they have to sandblast one of these panels to the spec that they're given.

Unidentified: And then they have to coat one of these panels. And then they test it to make sure they got the right glass that they were supposed to and the right thickness of the paint. Because the most important thing in this aspect is to do it properly to the manufacturer's specifications so it lasts. You know, you don't have to do it sooner, you're not wasting money, and you're not deteriorating the steel.

Unidentified: Right. And, you know, we've got a lot of big projects going on here in Michigan. The Mackinac Bridge is always going. We've got the new Gordie Howe. We're building battery plants in the state of Michigan. Yeah.

Kamala Harris: Right. Right. Well, you guys -- I mean, the tradition -- I was just talking to folks earlier, but you guys do your work based on long-standing traditions of what is the highest skilled kind of work. But also in the -- in the future, you all are looking at industries of the future in terms of how you're transitioning also to make the batteries and all of that is still part of your training and the work that we do going forward. It's really outstanding.

Unidentified: Absolutely. Thank you, Sean [ph]. And you know what, Madam Vice President, one other thing is, you know, continuing to sign legislation for construction that has labor standards in it, that gives us more opportunity to provide careers for these young folks.

Kamala Harris: Yeah. Yeah.

Unidentified: You know, one thing that we do not suffer with here in our organization because it's so inclusive, we don't have gender pay gaps.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Unidentified: We don't have racial pay gaps, right? A member is a member. A journey person's a journey person. An apprentice is an apprentice. So, it's such an inclusive organization. We've got a very diverse group of people here. And, you know, we just want to have more than what we have here. Train more people, have more work.

Unidentified: Right? Let's get some more legislation to keep building, right, the future. And there's no student loan for our apprenticeship. You know, it's all self-funded.

Kamala Harris: And you got pensions.

Unidentified: Pensions. Pensions, health care.

Kamala Harris: And you've got sick leave and health care.

Unidentified: And you graduate with no debt.

Kamala Harris: And a quality of life where you are recognized for the dignity of your work.

Unidentified: Absolutely. Absolutely.

Kamala Harris: No, I get that. I get that. This is great, guys. This is really great. Thank you for your work.

Unidentified: This is -- this is a $500,000 investment [Inaudible] build this module [Inaudible]

Kamala Harris: [Inaudible]

Unidentified: Do not go past this white line y'all. In the middle. Yep. Center. Yep. Camera here. Yep. And she's going to turn and talk to us? Yep. Again, to be clear, do not go past that white line. Once she begins to mingle with these guys after remarks, we are immediately loading out. Understood? Got it. [Crosstalk] Peter, you need to focus, or are you good?

Unidentified: I'm good. [Crosstalk]

Kamala Harris: Right. That's for amateurs.

Unidentified: [Inaudible] We need [Inaudible] to protect against like splatter coming off the roll or stuff like that not to create our line so much.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Unidentified: So, it gives -- like this first-year apprentices, though, with paint try to cut into the pencil lines. You kind of see it [Inaudible].

Kamala Harris: Oh, yeah. Yeah.

Unidentified: Just practice. Practice makes perfect, right?

Kamala Harris: So, wait. Can you -- what's the technique?

Unidentified: Huh?

Kamala Harris: Like how do you -- how do you [Inaudible]?

Unidentified: It takes practice. I don't have a process. We call it bristle manipulation. That's how you keep it straight as you --

Kamala Harris: Bristle manipulation.

Unidentified: That's what it is.

Kamala Harris: OK, got it.

Unidentified: You can teach -- the how the paint flows off the bristles of the paintbrush and how you manipulate that line of flow and keep it straight.

Kamala Harris: Yeah. Yeah. That makes sense. There's a science to it.

Unidentified: First, we do it right, then speed comes with it. Right? Teach [Inaudible] do it right, and the speed comes with it. And when they're in here, you know, they don't have to get any type of production. You know, they're not trying to hurry. They can take their time and just practice doing it right.

Kamala Harris: And you're teaching them pride in their work, too. Yeah.

Unidentified: Yeah, absolutely.

Kamala Harris: That's wonderful. This is wonderful, guys. This is really great. Thank you.

Unidentified: [Inaudible]

Kamala Harris: Oh, OK. Oh, good. [Applause] OK, now [Inaudible]

Unidentified: Madam Vice President, glad to have you with us.

Kamala Harris: Thank you.

Unidentified: Nice to meet you.

Kamala Harris: Thank you for the welcome. I appreciate you all.

Unidentified: Nice to see you again.

Kamala Harris: Great to see you. Thank you. Thank you. I appreciate you. Thank you very much. We're old friends.

Unidentified: Oh, yeah.

Kamala Harris: Nice to see you. We're old friends, too.

Unidentified: Nice to see you.

Kamala Harris: Thank you.

Unidentified: [Inaudible]?

Kamala Harris: Of course.

Unidentified: Thank you.

Kamala Harris: They're going to talk about you.

Unidentified: That's all right.

Kamala Harris: We're old friends. How you doing? Thank you. Thank you for the warm welcome. Thank you, all.

Unidentified: Thank you for saving our pensions. Thank you for saving [Inaudible]. [Applause] Thank you for CHIPS and Science. Thank you for the Inflation Reduction Act. Thank you for all you've done for us. Yeah. Yep.

Kamala Harris: Well, you know what, you guys make it easy. I mean, look, I as you know I am a long-standing supporter and friend of unions and labor. And -- and the Painters Union, I'm honored to have your support in this election. But look, you guys are the ones who make it easy. This is highly skilled work. You do it with a sense of pride.

Kamala Harris: You do it with a sense of commitment. You are making our country stronger and better by the work that you do. We just talked about the industrial work that you're doing, whether it's about a bridge, whether it's about what we're doing to invest in technology and the future industries. You're transitioning also into batteries, all that work.

Kamala Harris: And it's highly skilled work. And I love, for example, the apprenticeship programs and building up America's workforce around training and, again, the highest of skills. The work that you were doing through an apprenticeship program that's also about building community and family for the people who enter it.

Kamala Harris: It's about pride in work. It's about the dignity of work. The reason that I have fought for things like pensions is it's literally about the dignity of work. You work hard. You deserve, at the point that you're going to retire, to be able to retire with dignity. And we have to value the skill. You know, my opponent, he doesn't understand the importance of unions at all.

Kamala Harris: No. But he's -- he's just -- he gives a lot of --

Unidentified: You got to care about people to understand it.

Kamala Harris: He gives a lot of talk about what he cares about. But on the issue specifically of what is good for unions and union labor, he's been awful. You look at what he did when he was -- president with the NLRB, the National Labor Relations Board, a bunch of union busters. You look when he talks to his buddies, right, his billionaire buddies.

Kamala Harris: Remember, he did the tax cut for billionaires and big corporations. He's not working -- he's not working for or concerned about working people, middle-class people. And then when he's talking to his buddy, he jokes about, "Yeah, if they're striking, you should fire them." But what I know America understands about union labor is it's just about fairness, and it is about dignity.

Kamala Harris: Wherever I go, I tell people, "Look, if you've got a five-day workweek, if you've got sick time, if you've got vacation time, if you have a pension, thank a union member. Thank unions." Because whether somebody is a member of a union or not, union labor and hard work is so much of what fought for workers rights across the board.

Kamala Harris: So, look, I'm here. I'm here for you. We have an election coming up in eight days.

Unidentified: That you're going to win. [Applause]

Kamala Harris: And we are winning. [Inaudible] We're winning. We're winning. And -- and because we stand for certain basic principles and we know -- we know when we know what we stand for. We know what to fight for.

Unidentified: You're here; he's not.

Kamala Harris: Right.

Unidentified: Right.

Kamala Harris: Right.

Unidentified: Save our country from them. Please.

Kamala Harris: And you're right. I mean, you look at -- you look at how he just -- he -- he talks down to the American people. He -- he degrades who we are as America instead of fighting for who we are in terms of our capacity. I look at our young leaders, they deserve to have a leader and a President of United States who is not only optimistic but ambitious about what we can do.

Kamala Harris: Donald Trump just recently talked about how he would get rid of CHIPS. The number of jobs for the Painters Union members, Building Trades members writ large, what we did with the Inflation Reduction Act, the jobs we've created there, the work that we've done that's been about partnering with the private sector to create incentives for them to put the money into it and also prioritizing, as I always will, letting them know as we create these jobs, put them through your apprenticeship programs, let's make those union jobs and good-paying jobs, all of that is at stake.

Kamala Harris: But it's a -- it's also about an approach and a value and character. And right now, you know, I've been saying, look, imagine January 20th, because there will be -- one of us is going to be elected. And one of us is going to be sitting in the Oval Office on January 20th. And it's a choice on many levels, including whether you want Donald Trump sitting in the Oval Office, stewing over his enemies list.

Unidentified: No. No, no, no, no.

Kamala Harris: Or what we're going to do together, which is they're focused on American workers and American families --

Unidentified: Amen.

Kamala Harris: On our to-do list. So, we got a lot at stake. We are going to win. [Applause]

Unidentified: Yeah! Whoa!

Kamala Harris: Come on in here. Come on in here. Come on in here. Come on.

Unidentified: Thank you, press. Thank you, press.