Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-remarks-ame-church-quadrennial-columbus-ohio-august-27-2024

Kamala Harris: Greetings, everyone. Bishop Reid, president of the Council of Bishops; Bishop Richardson, senior bishop; Bishop Davis, chair of the General Conference Commission; Bishop McCloud, host bishop; and to all the other bishops in attendance, including, of course, the retired bishops. To the general officers, connectional officers, judicial councilmembers, episcopal supervisors, delegates, and alternates, to 52nd Quadrennial Session of the General Conference.

Kamala Harris: I so enjoyed being with so many of you last year and in South Carolina this January. I'd hope I could have been there with you in person today, but I wanted to thank everyone for your support over these many years as a United States senator and as vice president and now in this race for president of the United States.

Kamala Harris: And I am deeply grateful for your support. We are just 10 weeks out from the election, and I know you are already hard at work, from the Women's Missionary Society to the Young People's Division to the Lay Organization, organizing souls to the polls, making sure your members are registered and ready to vote because, of course, we all know this is the most consequential election of our lifetime.

Kamala Harris: We face a choice between two very different visions for the future of our nation: one, ours, that is focused on the future; the other, focused on the past. But we are not going back. We are fighting for a future where no child has to grow up in poverty, where every senior can retire with dignity and every person has the opportunity to own a home, start a business, and build intergenerational wealth; a future with affordable health care, affordable child care, and paid leave; and a future where we protect our most fundamental freedom and rights, including the freedom to worship.

Kamala Harris: As the Gospel of Luke tells us, faith has the power to shine a light on those living in darkness and to guide our feet in the path of peace. In moments such as this, faith guides us forward, faith in the promise of America: freedom, opportunity, and justice, not for some, but for all. So, let us do all we can to move our nation forward with optimism, hope, and faith.

Kamala Harris: And I thank you again for all of the leaders who are here and all that you do every day and, of course, for your support. Please have a wonderful general conference. I'll see you soon.