Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-speech-campaign-event-rochester-pennsylvania-august-18-2024

Gwen Walz: Thank you. How about that transition? That makes my English teacher heart sing, right? Wasn't that amazing? Good afternoon, Pennsylvania.

Tim Walz: Yeah.

Gwen Walz: I just got off doing the phone and I left some messages, but I talked to some people who were super excited to vote for this ticket right here, the Harris-Walz ticket. So, that was great. And they were also super excited to vote for Bob Casey. So, yes. And I am so proud to be part of this Harris-Walz team.

Gwen Walz: I just can't even hardly believe it. I cannot think of a better team than Kamala and Tim. Now, Tim only joined this ticket a little more than a week ago. Woo. Woo. It's been quite a week. So, I just want to introduce myself. Like many of you, I wear many hats, or, in my case, I say I wear many shoes. I'm a mom.

Gwen Walz: I'm a sister. I'm a friend. I'm a retired military spouse. And right now, I'm the first lady of Minnesota, which is a great honor. Thank you. But through all of those things and for most of my life, I've been a teacher. And that's how Tim and I first met. We were both teaching in Nebraska. He was teaching social studies.

Gwen Walz: I was teaching English. Our students were really invested in how cute they thought this story would be, right? We even shared a classroom. It was the old choir room, and they put a divider right down the middle. His classroom was on one, mine was in -- on the other, only that little thin divider. And I'm just going to tell you this.

Gwen Walz: His class was a little louder than mine. But there was a lot of energy. And so, what I noted right away is that we both shared a belief that every student deserves a chance. Every student, right, deserves a shot to succeed. It's a commitment that I know Vice President Harris shares, and I think Mr. Emhoff does, too.

Gwen Walz: So, it is this vision that I think Tim and Kamala will fight for every single day in the White House, right? One other little thing I want to tell you about me is what my mom often used to say to me. She would say, "Gwen, do the work that is in front of you." And I used to think that was the dishes, right, or cleaning my room.

Gwen Walz: But what I realized, it was much more profound than that. It was about how I saw the world and what I thought about it and what my vision for the world might allow me to see and do. So, today, there is a lot of work in front of us. My mom would still say that. So, I'm asking you to go ring some doorbells and knock on some doors.

Gwen Walz: Let's talk to our neighbors. Let's -- and let's not stop till this work in front of us is completed and done. It's why we need Kamala and Tim in the White House. And together, we are going to win this thing. Gosh, I really like Pennsylvania. I think I might want to spend a lot of time here. Now, it's my honor to introduce you to a leader who cares so deeply about our nation's future.

Gwen Walz: He's working so hard to bring this country together around a shared vision of freedom and justice, a world without hate or discrimination. [Audience member calls out "Yes"] A future, right, a future where all of our kids see themselves and belong. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] And he is setting such a positive example for my son and for boys and young men all over this country, really, for all of us. I've only known him a short time, but I am inspired.

Gwen Walz: Friends, will you please welcome my friend and a man who will make a mighty fine first gentleman of the United States, Doug Emhoff.

Doug Emhoff: The future second lady of the United States. It's so good to be back in Pennsylvania. All right. So, I'm just catching up on everything. The last time I saw the Walzes, I was -- we were -- we were here.

Gwen Walz: Yes.

Doug Emhoff: Right? And I went away to Paris. And I -- for the -- for the Olympics, came back, did a few other events around the country, and we just reconnected. And so, what I told them is what I'll tell you. The whole world, the rest of the country loves Tim and Gwen. To -- to -- to -- to feel the excitement, the enthusiasm about this ticket is just incredible.

Doug Emhoff: And just getting to know you both just over this past week or so, I can see what the rest of the country sees, just they're real, they're authentic. And watching the two of them speak with Gwen and her family behind the camera, just watching you watch him and watching your kids, watch their dad up there in awe, it was -- it was emotional.

Doug Emhoff: So, it was really great to reconnect today on the bus. We're going to have -- today, we're going to have an amazing, amazing week in Chicago, right? And Tim is unbelievable. We -- we bonded almost immediately. But I actually met him when I was traveling to Minnesota as second gentleman doing an economic tour.

Doug Emhoff: And I saw the governor there, and we were talking about how great of a governor he is because the economy is so fantastic in Minnesota. And he's going to bring that same kind of passion when he is the vice president of The United States. And again, we really bonded. You saw me get up on that stage, and we just hugged it out.

Doug Emhoff: A few of my friends texted me. It's like what's the deal? Like we've -- I've known you for 20 or 30 years, you've never hugged me like that. Well, you've never been a vice presidential candidate before on stage. But we -- we reconnected here, and it was my honor to see Tim see his first full-figure cutout, which is in the campaign office.

Doug Emhoff: And I said -- I said, "Dude, you made it. You got a cutout." So, without further ado, I want to introduce you to the next vice president of the United States, Tim Walz.

Tim Walz: Oh, man. It is. Doug gets the bro hugs. He brings it. So, well, thank you, and it's true. And to Gwen and Doug, both, all of you, none of us do this alone. We're all in this together. I think this is a room that knows this campaign will be won in rooms just like this all across the country. It'll be run with people sitting on the phone banks in there, dialing numbers, and people picking up the phone on a Sunday and having somebody say, "Do you have a minute to talk about the future of our country?" That's a pretty big step, to pick up that phone and talk.

Tim Walz: But listen, these folks in here, people are doing it. They're doing it. And the thing I can tell you, what Kamala Harris has brought to this for so many things, from experience as a prosecutor to an attorney general to a United States senator to a vice president to the next president of the United States, there -- there's that resume, which is out without question, but the reason they're picking up the phone and the reason that they're standing thousand deep in 109-degree heat in Las Vegas is she's bringing out the joy in the hearts of Americans.

Tim Walz: [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] She's bringing out -- she's bringing out the kindness that ties us together, the decency, the vision of a better tomorrow. And these -- each of these volunteers and the people who put it on, they all said it. They said it is so much better to be for for something rather than against something, to be for the future, not going back.

Tim Walz: Those -- that's what people know. And we -- some of us who have less hair and are old enough can remember when you could go to Thanksgiving, watch a Steelers game with your relatives, and not complain about politics the whole time [Audience responds affirmatively] not be on each other's neck because you shared a commitment to democracy, a commitment to personal freedom, a commitment to public education, a commitment to infrastructure.

Tim Walz: We don't call each other names. We don't do it. And we don't use the least fortunate amongst us as punchlines for our jokes because they're our neighbors. They're our neighbors. And so, you're getting an opportunity to see the best side of America. And for the young people here, they maybe haven't seen a campaign like this because of COVID, because of the things that's happening.

Tim Walz: This is a chance to bring out that joy, turn the page, and look to the future, this idea of going forward. So, Doug -- Doug is right. He told you my kids were backstage in awe. He didn't tell you they were probably in awe because they could not believe that I got through that thing and through that speech.

Tim Walz: So, that was amazing to them. But I'll tell you what, they have felt part of this family because they can feel the decency radiating off these people. They can see the commitment. They know that children matter. They know that family matters. They know that individuals matter. And this leader knows that it's not any of the government's business to be in your health care decisions.

Tim Walz: Those are your decisions. And this is a leader who celebrates love in all forms that it comes by that we love each other. And for the young people, you hear somebody talking about this, we have the right to send our children to school to be free from being shot dead in their classrooms. That's what it is. And this is a nation -- can ensure clean water, clean air, and a bright future for our children.

Tim Walz: So, I have to tell you, we got 79 days, and you'll hear me say this. Doug's going to correct me on this. I say that's easy. We can sleep when we're dead. He's -- Doug said we can sleep on November 6th after this election is over. So, you may be right. But look, coming into football country and being an old football coach, there's an old saying, you -- you don't hope you're going to win.

Tim Walz: You prepare to win. [Audience member calls out "That's right."] And you give it the best you've got. And, you know, when that game is over, you want to know you left it all on the field, and that's all we're asking. Let's leave it all on the field. Let's get this thing done because -- because when my grandkids and your grandkids asked you about this because the numbers -- November 6th, you were there, first time, when you got to welcome Madam President of the United States, Kamala Harris.

Kamala Harris: Tim Walz. Hey, everybody. We're back, and we're going to keep coming back. And we're going to keep coming back. I want to thank -- I want to thank everybody. I want to start with Tim Walz. Isn't he fantastic? I like to call him Coach Walz. And, you know, he is -- he's done so much for our country, and he's going to make an extraordinary vice president of the United States.

Kamala Harris: [Audience member calls out "Yes"] Gwen, I mean, girl, just -- you just killed it. I'm telling you. I mean, you know, there's something -- I don't know. My first-grade teacher, Mrs. Frances Wilson, attended my law school graduation. I just love teachers. I think anyone who decides to become a teacher, it's just -- it's -- it's one of the greatest gifts that one has that they give.

Kamala Harris: And I thank you, Gwen, for doing all that you have done. Thank you. And my husband is Doug. You are doing so much and you've been traveling all over our country, and I want to thank you. And you are going to yet again make history as the first gentleman of the United States of America. There are a lot of incredible leaders here.

Kamala Harris: I want to just, for a moment, mention my friend Bob Casey. You -- we have got to send him back to the United States Senate. For the time that I was in the United States Senate and worked with Bob, I'm going to tell you something, you know, we had these -- we would have these meetings where all of the Democratic senators would get together for lunch.

Kamala Harris: No cameras in the room. Bob, to -- almost every time, was one of the ones who would stand up in that room with all the other senators from around the country talking about the working people of Pennsylvania and why we needed to have you in our mind when we were thinking about national policy every single day.

Kamala Harris: That's who Bob Casey is. Let's send him back to the United States Senate. Chris Deluzio, we want to thank you, what he is doing in the halls of Congress again. I mean, you sent some fighters to DC, Pennsylvania. You sent some fighters to DC. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] Your next attorney general, DePasquale, where are you?

Kamala Harris: I've done that work, I know what it requires, and you're going to be outstanding. So, you've got a lot of work, Pennsylvania, on your shoulders right now that you're carrying and you who are here volunteering to do this work. [Audience member calls out "We could do it here."] And it's -- and we're going to get it done.

Kamala Harris: And Malcolm Kenyatta knows exactly what I'm talking about. [Audience member calls out "There you go."] I see him almost every time I come into this state. So, I want to just address you all right now as the volunteers. You know, Tim said it. This campaign, for us, is really born out of love of country. We all here, we love our country.

Kamala Harris: And we know our country is going to be as strong as our willingness to fight for it and to fight for what we stand for. You know, when you know what you stand for, you know what to fight for. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] When you stand for working people, you fight for working people. When you stand for freedom, whether it be to make decisions about your own body or love who you love, you fight for those things.

Kamala Harris: When you believe in ending child poverty, you fight for that. When you believe in what we need to do to lift up the middle class, you fight for the middle class. These are the things we stand for, and these, therefore, are the things we fight for. And that's what our election is about. Our election is about understanding the importance of this beautiful country of ours in terms of what we stand for around the globe as a democracy, as a democracy.

Kamala Harris: We know there's a duality to the nature of democracy. On the one hand, incredible strength when it is intact, what it does for its people to protect and defend their rights, their liberty, and their freedom. Incredibly strong and incredibly fragile. It is only as strong as our willingness to fight for it. And that's what this campaign is about.

Kamala Harris: This campaign is about a recognition that, frankly, over the last several years, there's been this kind of perversion that has taken place, I think, which is to suggest [Audience member calls out "No way here"] which is to suggest that the measure of the strength of a leader is based on who you beat down, when what we know is the real and true measure of the strength of a leader is based on who you lift up.

Tim Walz: Yeah. Yeah.

Kamala Harris: That's what we see as strength. We know what strength looks like. That's what strength looks like. Anybody who's about beating down other people is a coward. This is what strength looks like. So, we know what we are about. We know what we stand for. And one of the beautiful things about these next 79 days is what the people in this room have already been doing and know, let's build community, let's reinforce community.

Kamala Harris: You all as volunteers, what you know and we're going to spread the word is how you can look at the face of a perfect stranger and see in their face a neighbor, that we see in each other our connection, our interdependence. What we see in each other, which fortifies and reinforces, that the vast majority of us have so much more in common than what separates us. That's what this campaign is about.

Kamala Harris: Yes, it is about winning, and we will win. And we will win. And we will win, God willing. And through these next 79 days, we will continue to build community, build coalitions, and remind each other we are all in this together. So, I thank you all so very much for what you are doing. Now, let's get back to work, shall we?