Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-remarks-campaign-rally-west-allis-wisconsin-november-1-2024

Kamala Harris: Hello, Wisconsin. Let's hear it for Adrian, Cardi B. [Applause] Oh, it's good to be back. Good evening. [Applause] Milwaukee, are we ready to do this? Are we ready to win? Are we ready to vote? [Audience responds affirmatively] And we will win. Oh, it's good to be back in Wisconsin [Audience member calls out "We love you."] and to be with so many leaders.

Kamala Harris: I thank everyone here for taking the time out of your busy lives [Audience member calls out "We love you."] to be here this evening. I thank you. I thank you. I thank you. I thank you. And can we please hear it for Tammy Baldwin? Let's reelect her to the United States Senate.

Kamala Harris: County Executive Crowley, Mayor Johnson, Cardi B. Let's give it up. And can we hear it again for MC Lyte, Flo Milli, GloRilla, Keegan-Michael Key? Oh, what a good night. All right. We got work to do in Milwaukee. OK. Four days left, four days left in the most consequential election of our lifetime, and we still have work to do.

Kamala Harris: But here's the thing about all of us. We like hard work. Hard work is good work. Hard work is joyful work. And make no mistake, we will win. We will win. And here's one of the reasons why. Because when you know what you stand for, you know what to fight for. And in this election, we have an opportunity to finally turn the page on a decade of Donald Trump trying to keep us divided and afraid of each other.

Kamala Harris: We are done with it. We are exhausted with it. We are turning the page. And it's because we know that's what he's about. He is constantly about trying to have Americans point their fingers at each other. But that's not who we are. That's who he is, that is not who we are. And it is time for a new generation of leadership in America.

Kamala Harris: And I am ready to offer that leadership as the next president of the United States. And, Wisconsin, you know me. I'm not afraid of tough fights, obviously. For decades, as a prosecutor and the top law enforcement officer of the biggest state, I won fights. I won fights against the big banks who are ripping off homeowners.

Kamala Harris: I won fights against for-profit colleges that were scamming veterans and students. I won fights against predators who abused women and children. I won fights against cartels that trafficked in guns and drugs and human beings. And I pledge to you, if you give me the chance to fight on your behalf, there is nothing that will stand in my way as I fight for you.

Kamala Harris: And look, we know who Donald Trump is. This is not someone who is thinking about how to make your life better. This is someone who is increasingly unstable [Audience responds affirmatively] obsessed with revenge. [Audience responds affirmatively] He is consumed with grievance [Audience responds affirmatively] and the man is out for unchecked power. [Audience member calls out "We love you."]

Kamala Harris: And look, in less than 90 days, it's either going to be him or me in the Oval Office. [Audience responds "You"] [Audience chants "Kamala"] Thank you. Thank you. But let's get the word out. Let's get the word out to the folks who are not here to just have them imagine -- you know, we've all seen the Oval Office on TV.

Kamala Harris: Imagine, on January 20th, that day, it's either going to be Donald Trump, if he is elected, which he will not be [Audience responds "No"] which he will not be -- but to help people imagine what the stakes are. It's either going to be him there on day one walking into that office, stewing over his enemies list; or when I am elected, walking in on your behalf with my to-do list.

Kamala Harris: And I'm a hard worker. And at the top of my list is bringing down the cost of living for you. That will be my focus every single day as president. I will give a middle-class tax cut to over 100 million Americans. I will enact the first-ever federal ban on corporate price gouging on groceries. And I will fight to make sure that hardworking Americans can actually afford a place to live.

Kamala Harris: If you are caring for an elderly parent, if you are in the sandwich generation caring for an elderly parent and young children, I will tell you, my plan will cover the cost of home care under Medicare because I took care of -- I took care of my mother when she was sick and I know what you are doing, whether it be trying to cook something that they feel like eating, whether it be trying to help them put on a sweater, trying to find a moment where you can bring a smile to their face or make them laugh.

Kamala Harris: That work is about dignity. That work is about dignity, and I'm going to make sure you have the support and they have the support they deserve. My plan will lower the cost of child care. Again, it's about dignity. It's about seeing the strains and the pressures. We will cut taxes for small businesses because our small businesses are the backbone of America's economy.

Kamala Harris: Where are our small business owners? Let me see our small business owners. And we will lower health care costs because here's where I come from on that. Look, I believe access to health care should be a right and not just a privilege of those who can afford it. Dignity, values about the dignity of each of us, and the responsibility of real leaders to, unlike my opponent, not think that the measure of their strength is based on who you beat down, but the true measure of strength of a leader based on who you lift up.

Kamala Harris: And then you got Donald Trump, who -- [Audience boos] and his answer to the financial pressures you face is the same as it was the last time: another trillion dollars in tax cuts for billionaires and the biggest corporations. [Audience boos] And this time, he will pay for it with a 20 percent national sales tax on everything you buy that is imported: clothes, foods, toys, cellphones.

Kamala Harris: A Trump sales tax that would cost the average American family -- the economists have measured it -- more than $4,000 more a year. [Audience boos] And on top of that, Donald Trump is still -- still trying and still wants to get rid of the Affordable Care Act [Audience boos] which would throw millions of Americans off their health insurance and take us back to when insurance companies could deny people with preexisting conditions.

Kamala Harris: You remember what that was like? [Audience boos] Well, we are not going back. We are not going back. We're not going back. We're not going back. [Audience chants "We're not going back."] We're not going back. No. Because -- because just like Wisconsin's motto tells us, we will move forward. Yes, we will.

Kamala Harris: I love Wisconsin. And ours is a fight for the future, and it is a fight for freedom, like the fundamental freedom of a woman to make decisions about her own body and not have her government telling her what to do. And we all remember how we got here. Donald Trump hand-selected three members of the United States Supreme Court with the intention that they would undo the protections of Roe v.

Kamala Harris: Wade. They did, as he intended. And now, in America, 1 in 3 women lives in a state with a Trump abortion ban [Audience boos] many -- right, many -- and -- and the harm we've seen. Many of those laws with no exceptions even for rape or incest, which is immoral. And he's not done. He would ban abortion nationwide.

Kamala Harris: Yes, even here in Wisconsin [Audience boos] even here in Wisconsin. It would be impacted. And he would restrict access to birth control, put IVF treatments at risk, and force -- get this, and force states to monitor women's pregnancies. Just Google Project 2025. Just look at it. And everyone here I know understands, and let us agree, one does not have to abandon their faith or deeply held beliefs to simply agree the government shouldn't be telling her what to do, not the government, not the government, not the government, not some people up in a state legislature, and certainly not Donald Trump. [Audience member calls out "We love you, Kamala."]

Kamala Harris: And I pledge to you, when Congress -- together with Tammy's help, when Congress passes a bill to restore reproductive freedom nationwide, as president of the United States, I will proudly sign it into law [Applause] proudly. So, Wisconsin [Audience chants "Kamala"] Thank you. We have work to do. Thank you.

Kamala Harris: Thank you. So, Wisconsin, I am asking for your vote. I am asking for your vote. And here -- and here is my pledge to you. As president, I pledge to seek common ground and commonsense solutions to the challenges you face. I am not -- I am not looking to score political points. I am looking to make progress.

Kamala Harris: And I pledge -- and I pledge to listen to those who will be impacted by the decisions I make. I pledge to listen to experts, to listen to people who disagree with me because you see, unlike Donald Trump, I don't believe that people who disagree with me are the enemy. He wants to put them in jail. I'll give them a seat at the table.

Kamala Harris: That's what real leadership is about. That's what strong leadership is about. And I pledge to always put country above party and self and to be a president for all Americans, all Americans. [Audience chants "USA"] So, that -- that is my pledge to you, Wisconsin. And now, I ask you a question. Who here has already voted? Oh, wow.

Kamala Harris: OK. Thank you. And now, I ask you to please talk to your friends and your family and your neighbors and share your perspective on why this -- this election is so important. And for you who have not voted yet, no judgment. Let me just be clear. No judgment at all, but do get to it if you can. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] [Audience member calls out "We love you, Kamala."]

Kamala Harris: And for those who have not yet voted, please think about, right now, your plan for voting and think about where and when you will vote. And if you live here in Milwaukee, remember, you can vote early now through Sunday, November 3rd, and go to iwillvote.com for all the information you need, including when and where you can vote and where to drop off your absentee ballot, because we need everyone in Wisconsin to vote.

Kamala Harris: You are going to make the difference in this election. You will make the difference. You will make the difference. [Audience chants "Vote"] So, listen, it all comes down to this. We are here together because we love our country. We love our country. We love our country. And when you love something, you fight for it, you fight for it.

Kamala Harris: And I do believe it is one of the highest forms of patriotism, of our expression for our love of our country to then fight for the ideals of our country and to fight to realize the promise of America. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] That's what this is about. And I have always believed in our nation's promise because I've lived it.

Kamala Harris: You know, I grew up a child of the Civil Rights Movement. My parents would take me to marches when I was in a stroller. And there were at those marches -- we all know -- people from every walk of life coming together to fight for freedom and to fight for opportunity. You know, growing up, I saw how hard my mother worked to raise her two daughters to have the same chances that our country gave her, and I was blessed to have family by blood and family by love, right, who instilled in me a sense of community and compassion and faith.

Kamala Harris: And I've spent my life fighting for people who have been hurt and counted out but who never stopped believing in our country that anything is possible. I have lived the promise of America. And today, I see the promise of America in everyone who is here, in all of you, in all of us. We are the promise of America.

Kamala Harris: We are the promise of America. It's the fathers and mothers and grandparents who work hard every day for their children's future, in the women who refuse to accept a future without reproductive freedom and the men who support them. It's in the Republicans who never voted for a Democrat before but put the Constitution of the United States above party.

Kamala Harris: I see the promise of America in all the young leaders that I see right now who are voting for the very first time. Raise your hand. I love Gen Z. I really do. Here's what I love about you, guys. You are rightly impatient for change. I love that about you. I love that about you. You are determined to live free from gun violence.

Kamala Harris: You are going to take on the climate crisis. You are going to shape the world you inherit. I know that. I know that. And here's the thing about our young leaders. None of this is theoretical for them. None of this is political for them. It's their lived experience. It's your lived experience. And I see your power.

Kamala Harris: I see your power, and I am so proud of you. Can we please hear it for our first time voters? [Applause] Can we please hear it? Yay. Yay. And those who will be first-time voters. You know, the future of our country is so bright. We just have to see it. It's so bright. So, listen, we got four days to get this thing done, four days.

Kamala Harris: No one can sit on the sidelines. So, let's spend the next four days so that when we look back on these days, we have no regrets about what we could have done. Let's know we did everything we could do. So, let's knock on doors, let's text, let's call, let's reach out to family and friends and classmates and neighbors and coworkers.

Kamala Harris: And here's a request that I have in that process. And while we are doing all of that, let's please be intentional about building community. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] Let's please be intentional about building community. You know, there's something about these -- this whole Trump era, and it's -- it's -- you know, it's -- it's been -- it's made people feel like they have to -- it -- it's been powered by this idea that Americans should be pointing their fingers at each other [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] you know, and -- and to make people feel alone and make people feel small when we all know that we all have so much more in common than what separates us.

Kamala Harris: So, let's be intentional about building community and building coalitions. There is strength and power in that that will be long-lasting. And finally, I'll say, just remember, and let's remind everybody we know, your vote is your voice and your voice is your power. That's your power. In a democracy, that is a power that is yours.

Kamala Harris: Don't let anyone take it from you. Don't let anyone take it from you. So, Wisconsin -- so, Wisconsin, today, I ask you, are you ready to make your voices heard? [Audience responds affirmatively] Do we believe in freedom? [Audience responds affirmatively] Do we believe in opportunity? [Audience responds affirmatively] Do we believe in the promise of America? [Audience responds affirmatively] And are we ready to fight for it? [Audience responds affirmatively] And when we fight, we win. [Audience chants "We win"]

Kamala Harris: God bless you and God bless the United States of America.