Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-remarks-church-services-greenville-north-carolina-october-13-2024

Rosie O'Neal: [Begins while in progress] this phenomenal servant of God, I believe, a tremendous leader. Please stand on your feet and go crazy with me as we welcome the sitting vice president of the United States of America. Help me celebrate, Kamala Harris. [Applause]

Kamala Harris: Good afternoon, church. Good afternoon. Oh, please have a seat. Please have a seat. Bishop O'neal, I thank you so very much. We we've had some time to visit before we came out into the sanctuary, and I just thank you for the leadership that you have provided for so long. You know, in times of crisis, and -- and we're looking at the images of the aftermath of the hurricane.

Kamala Harris: But it it is easy in these moments of crisis to -- to question our faith, to sometimes lose our faith for a moment, because what we see is so hard to see that we lose faith or a vision of those things we cannot see but must know. [Audience responds affirmatively] And you are such a leader in all of those ways, [Audience responds affirmatively] and I thank you.

Kamala Harris: I'm honored to be with you. I'm honored to be with you. I'm honored to be with you. Thank you. And, KCC family, thank you for welcoming me today. Thank you. And thank you for the opportunity to allow me to worship with you. It does my heart and soul good. So, scripture teaches us, "Let us not become weary in doing good for, at the proper time, we will reap a harvest if we do not give up."

Kamala Harris: [Audience responds affirmatively] So, I first encountered the words of Galatians as a young girl at 23rd Avenue Church of God in Oakland, California, which is where I sang in the children's choir and first learned the teachings of the Bible. My earliest memories of those teachings are about a loving God, [Audience responds affirmatively] a God who asks us to speak up for those who cannot speak for themselves, [Audience responds affirmatively] to defend the rights of the poor and the needy.

Kamala Harris: And so, at an early age, I learned that faith is a verb. It is something we show in action [Audience responds affirmatively] and in service. And we show it by heeding the words of my pastor, who bishop spoke with yesterday, Reverend Dr. Amos C. Brown, who often invokes the words that we all know: One must do justice, love mercy [Audience responds affirmatively] and walk humbly with our God.

Kamala Harris: That truth is important at all times and especially in moments of difficulty and disaster, especially in moments like this, as we navigate storms that have inflicted so much harm across our country. And to all those who have loved ones who have been affected by Hurricane Milton and Hurricane Helene, Doug and I, my husband, are holding of you close in our hearts and in our prayers.

Kamala Harris: And we are thinking of everyone who has been affected by these storms. Now, I know Helene's impact was further west, but I also know that the people of Greenville, like all Americans, have been inspired by the way communities are coming together, bishop, in the wake of these storms. Amid ruined homes, downed power lines, swollen rivers that have been choked with debris, we have seen we have seen children rescued by neighbors in a kayak.

Kamala Harris: We have seen those who have lost everything gathering donations for others. You know, it's been my experience to see that in a moment of crisis, isn't it something when you know that, often, it is the people who have the least [Audience responds affirmatively] give the most? Right? Moments of crisis, I believe, do have a way of revealing the heroes among us, the angels among us, and of showing us all the best of who we are.

Kamala Harris: And these hurricanes have revealed heroes around all of us, heroes who do not ask the injured or stranded whether they are a Republican or a Democrat, but who simply ask, "Are you OK;" [Audience responds affirmatively] who ask, "What can I do to help;" heroes who, as I like to say, see in the face of a stranger, a neighbor. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Kamala Harris: Yet, church, there are some who are not acting in the spirit of community. [Audience responds affirmatively] And I am speaking of those who have been literally not telling the truth, lying about people who are working hard to help folks in need, spreading disinformation, when the truth and facts are required.

Kamala Harris: And the problem with this, beyond the obvious, is it's making it harder, then, to get people lifesaving information [Audience responds affirmatively] if they're led to believe they cannot trust. And that's the pain of it all, which is the idea that those who are in need have somehow been convinced that the forces are working against them in a way that they would not seek aid.

Kamala Harris: And let's let that sink in for a moment. Right now, fellow Americans are experiencing some of the most difficult moments in their lives. Yet, instead of offering hope, there are those who are channeling people's tragedies and sorrows into grievance and hatred. And one may ask why. And I think, sadly, frankly, the motives are quite transparent: to gain some advantage for themselves, to play politics with other people's heartbreak.

Kamala Harris: And it is unconscionable. Now is not a time to incite fear. [Audience responds affirmatively] It is not right to make people feel alone. That is not what -- and this is a church full of leaders, that is not what leaders, as we know, do in crisis. [Audience responds affirmatively] Now is a time to bring folks together, to come together, to be there for one another, and follow the example of all of the heroes all around us.

Kamala Harris: And now is the time to live up to the fundamental values that reflect our nation at its best: [Audience responds affirmatively] the values of compassion and community and honesty and decency; [Audience responds affirmatively] the values that define the people of Greenville, the -- the people of North Carolina, and -- and the people -- like a fellow who I met recently.

Kamala Harris: His name is Eddie Hunnell. And I'm going to tell you a quick story about Eddie Hunnell. So, I met him in Charlotte the other week. He was visiting Grassy Creek for his son's wedding when he saw a woman in the raging floodwaters. First, he tried to rescue her by canoe. When that didn't work, this man, a perfect stranger, he's watching, he jumped in the river and pulled her ashore.

Kamala Harris: And when I talked with Eddie about his act of courage, here's what he said to me. He said, "Well I didn't feel I had a choice." [Audience responds affirmatively] But, of course, he had a choice. Of course, he had a choice. But his choice was to take a risk for the sake of another, [Audience responds affirmatively] didn't even reflect on the risk he might have been taking.

Kamala Harris: Right? His choice was to follow his conscience. His choice was, in the words of Isaiah, to be a refuge for the needy in their distress. [Audience responds affirmatively] He chose to remember that we are all in this together. [Audience responds affirmatively] And if that is true during a terrible storm, it is also true when the storm passes. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Kamala Harris: It is true in our everyday lives. When Paul wrote his letter to the church in Galatia, he knew folks might feel the weight of the burden of doing good, [Audience responds affirmatively] that they may feel a temptation to turn away from others in their time of need, to believe, "What does it matter?" But Paul reminded them and us that God calls us not to become weary of doing good. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Kamala Harris: Because we each have the power -- God tells us this, the power, each one of us, to make a difference. [Audience responds affirmatively] And that tells us that the measure of our strength will be clear when we see what we can do to lift other people up. [Audience responds affirmatively] Just as Eddie did and as the heroes and the angels in this church and all over are doing after these storms across North Carolina, Florida, and impacted communities, we are witnessing faith in action. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Kamala Harris: So, I close with this. Let us continue to look in the face of a stranger and see a neighbor. [Audience responds affirmatively] Let us recognize that when we shine the light in moments of darkness, it will guide our feet onto the path of peace. And let us always remember that while weeping may endure for a night, [Audience responds affirmatively] joy cometh in the morning.

Kamala Harris: Thank you. May God bless you. And God bless the United States of America. Thank you, church. [Applause]

Unidentified: Can we give it up one more time for Vice President? My God. [Audience responds affirmatively] I don't know, if she win, they might have to bring a Hammond B3 on her acceptance speech. My God, you may be seated in the presence of the Lord. Listen, it is time for us to worship the Lord in our giving. [Audience responds affirmatively] Amen.

Unidentified: Listen, if you need an offering envelope, if you would raise your hand, our ushers are trying to make their way to you. They're trying to locate you, and they're going to bring an offering envelope to you. And to all of our envelope givers, cash givers, check givers, there'll be a blue bucket that'll be passed down your row in just a moment.

Unidentified: We ask you to please deposit your givings into that blue bucket. The other way in which we give is electronically. That information is there on the screen. There's three ways that you can do that. The first way you can give electronically is through the website at kccfamily.com. The next way in which you can give electronically is you can text to give.

Unidentified: Text the word EGIVING, EGIVING, all one word to the number 54244. And the third way in which we give, this is a shameless plug for the app. Because not only can you give on the app, but you can also download every message that is preached from this platform. And right now, we're in the middle of the Be Attitudes series, and so I want to encourage you download the app and catch up in Jesus name.

Unidentified: [Audience responds affirmatively] Amen. But we know that the first way in which we give, the way in which we give is our tithe. That's the first 10th of our income and increase. That belongs to God, and we return it to God through the local church. The second way in which we give is our offering. And that is where we go above our tithe to communicate our hearts to God to let him know how much we appreciate him.

Unidentified: And the third way in which we give, we sow into the life of our pastor. And there may be some of you who are watching right now, who say, "Hey, I want to get in on what Koinonia is doing on the hurricane relief. You can go to kccfamily.com and click on Donate to Hurricane -- Hurricane Helene Relief, and you can partner with us as we go to make a difference in western North Carolina.

Unidentified: EChurch, we thank God for this opportunity you can worship with us in giving. The information is right there on the screen. And all the different ways in which we're giving here, you can give right where you are. Listen, I want to whisper a prayer before we give. And after I pray, the blue buckets will be passed down your row.

Unidentified: Amen. Will you join me in the word of prayer? Our Father and our God, we thank you for this opportunity that you have given us to give. Lord, we don't do it grudgingly nor out of necessity for your word said that you love a cheerful giver. So, with an attitude of gratitude and with the heart of thanksgiving, we return our tithe.

Unidentified: We give our offering, we sow into the life of our pastor. And, Lord, we thank you for the expectation of the seed that leaves our hand. It never leaves our life, but it enters into our future, and it prepares for our arrival. We ask you now to receive this as an act of worship for my heart to yours in Jesus name.

Unidentified: Amen. You may give.