Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-remarks-saturday-night-love-cold-open-november-2-2024

Chloe Fineman: [In characters as Kaitlin Collins] Good evening. I'm Kaitlan Collins, and this is CNN. Well, it's nearly Election Day, and both candidates are making their final pitches to the American people. We are waiting for Vice President Harris to begin her speech in Philadelphia, where she is likely backstage preparing her closing remarks.

Chloe Fineman: Meanwhile, Trump is in Reading, Pennsylvania, where he has been already talking for 4.5 hours.

James Austin Johnson: [In characters as Donald Trump] We're almost at Election Day. The fraud has already begun. They've only got it from people on my side so far, but that's OK because I got the big vest on, right? I look good, right? You like it. You might have seen me wearing it in garbage truck. And I looked like one of those airport guys who's doing the lightsabers.

James Austin Johnson: What's that guy doing? United, this way. We'll be looking into that very strongly. We're going to find out what those are called. We'll look at that. But they're telling lies about me, OK? I never said I wanted Liz Cheney to be shot in the face, OK? Just said I wanted her to go hunting with her dad. All right?

James Austin Johnson: It's a little bing, bang, bing, bing, bing. And they say I hate women, but I love women. I love women so much. And I want to protect women, OK, whether they like it or not. That's right. When you're famous, they let you protect them. Grab them right by the protection. Remember that? Maybe not. Where the hell am I? This place reeks.

James Austin Johnson: I don't want to be here with you, people. Come on. I'm out of gas. I'm running on fumes here, folks. You can see it, right? The cracks are showing. I'm exhausted. I'm babbling. I'm doing crazy things with the microphone. Stupid, stupid mics. Get me out of here. Make it stop. The last time I hated a mic this much I tried to have him killed.

James Austin Johnson: Bitch. Who cares? You don't care. Nobody cares. Anyway, speaking of who cares, I'm going to turn this over to JD Vance. JD, everybody. Come up here.

Bowen Yang: [In characters as J.D. Vance] Hello. Hello. Hey. Where are my normal gay guys at?

Andy Samberg: [In characters as Doug Emhoff] Wow. I never thought I'd see Trump do that with a microphone.

Maya Rudolph: [In characters as Kamala Harris] What is happening?

Jim Gaffigan: [In characters as Tim Walz] I don't know. I mean, Fox News was telling MAGA husbands that if their wives secretly vote for you, it's the same as cheating.

Maya Rudolph: Well, I wish I had time to personally knock on the door of any of those women and say, "Girl. Girl."

Andy Samberg: And what does girl mean?

Maya Rudolph: It means girl.

Jim Gaffigan: I -- I got to be honest, guys. I -- I'm going to miss the campaign, especially spending time here in Pennsylvania. The other day, I had a cheesesteak egg roll. I -- what happens when different cultures -- it's so beautiful -- come together? It's special.

Maya Rudolph: No, wow, wow, Tim, you see beauty in so many fried things.

Jim Gaffigan: All right. I -- I got to get out of here. AOC and I are going to play Fortnite on Twitch.

Maya Rudolph: Oh. For the campaign? See you later.

Jim Gaffigan: Oh, yeah, it's for the campaign.

Maya Rudolph: Yeah.

Andy Samberg: OK. Home stretch, Mamala.

Maya Rudolph: Whew.

Andy Samberg: And no matter what happens, remember, you are the only person in history who can say Beyonce opened for you.

Maya Rudolph: It's true.

Andy Samberg: It's almost like this is your destiny, child.

Maya Rudolph: Well, maybe when I win, the American people will finally learn how to say my name, say my name. Now, let me just send a quick text.

Andy Samberg: Oh, who are you texting?

Maya Rudolph: Every single person in America.

Andy Samberg: Wait? Those actually come from you?

Maya Rudolph: Yeah, they all start with, "Hey, it's Kamala."

Andy Samberg: Is there any way that I could stop getting them?

Maya Rudolph: Oh, hell, no.

Andy Samberg: Had to try.

Dana Carvey: [In characters as Joe Biden] Knock, knock. Hey there. It's me. No joke.

Maya Rudolph: Oh. Joe Biden, thank you for coming here to support me.

Dana Carvey: Of course, my train was stopping here, so I'm -- I'm being serious right now. And by the way, it's good to be back in my home turf. Guess what? As you know, I'm from the part of Pennsylvania that is a part of the state of Delaware.

Maya Rudolph: Well, Joe, thank you so much for all you've done for my campaign.

Dana Carvey: I can still do more and get out there and I can say more things.

Maya Rudolph: Thank you so much for all you've done for my campaign.

Dana Carvey: All right. All right. I get it. Come on. Let's get real. I'm proud of you. You got nothing to worry about. Come on.

Maya Rudolph: Thanks, Joe.

Dana Carvey: All right. You know what, I saw a bunch of reporters and cameras out there. I'm going to go ref.

Maya Rudolph: Joe -- bless Joe Biden.

Andy Samberg: Yeah.

Maya Rudolph: All right. Well, I need to start getting ready for my speech, babe.

Andy Samberg: Oh, you'll be great out there, and you have my full support, as always, just like you supported me in my ongoing lawsuit against the children's cartoon "Doug" for using my name and likeness without permission.

Maya Rudolph: OK, Doug. Well, thanks for the pep talk. I need a moment to myself. OK?

Andy Samberg: Of course, my sweet. Of course. And remember, even if you become POTUS, to me, you'll always be VP, very pretty.

Maya Rudolph: Oh, Dougie.

Andy Samberg: And with that, it was I, Doug.

Maya Rudolph: Oh, wow. Well, this is it, the last campaign stop in Pennsylvania. Gosh, I just -- I wish I could talk to someone who's been in my shoes, you know, a Black South Asian woman running for president, preferably from the Bay Area.

Kamala Harris: You and me both, sister. [Applause] You and me both, sister.

Maya Rudolph: It's nice to see you, Kamala.

Kamala Harris: It is nice to see you, Kamala. And I'm just here to remind you, you got this because you can do something your opponent cannot do: You can open doors.

Maya Rudolph: I see what you did there, like to a garbage truck, right?

Kamala Harris: I don't really laugh like that, do I?

Maya Rudolph: Oh, a little bit. Now, Kamala, take my palmela. The American people want to stop the chaos.

Kamala Harris: And end the dramala.

Maya Rudolph: With a cool new step, Mamala. Kick back in our pajamalas and watch a rom-comala.

Kamala Harris: Like Legally Blondala.

Maya Rudolph: And start decorating for Christmas, fa, la, la, la, la. Because what do we always say?

Kamala Harris: Keep calmala and carry onala.

Maya Rudolph: Keep calmala and carry onala. [Applause] Oh, we know each other so well, we even finish each other's belief in the promise of America.

Kamala Harris: Belief in the promise of America.

Maya Rudolph: Exactly. Now, come on. Let's bring it in. I got to tell myself something over here. Come here, man.

Kamala Harris: What's happening? What's that?

Maya Rudolph: I'm going to tell you something. I'm going to vote for us.

Kamala Harris: Great. Any chance you are registered in Pennsylvania?

Maya Rudolph: Nope, I am not.

Kamala Harris: Well, it was worth a shot.

Maya Rudolph: And live from New York, it's Saturday Night.

Kamala Harris: And live from New York, it's Saturday Night.