Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-remarks-voters-barbership-philadelphia-october-27-2024

Kamala Harris: Hi.

Unidentified: Good to see you, Madame Vice President.

Kamala Harris: How you doing? It's good to see you. Thank you for all your work.

Unidentified: This is Darryl Thomas.

Darryl Thomas: Hello, Madame Vice President.

Kamala Harris: Yes, good to meet you. How you doing?

Darryl Thomas: Thank you so much. I'm -- I'm great now.

Kamala Harris: Yes.

Darryl Thomas: I'm great. [Inaudible]

Kamala Harris: You know. You know.

Darryl Thomas: Yes, ma'am.

Kamala Harris: I'm so happy to be with -- congratulations on all your success.

Darryl Thomas: No, no. Congratulations.

Kamala Harris: It's really wonderful.

Darryl Thomas: This is part of it. And we're going -- we're going --

Kamala Harris: Right? I know -- I know that. I -- I understand that.

Darryl Thomas: Absolutely.

Kamala Harris: Right?

Darryl Thomas: We're -- we're behind you 100 percent.

Kamala Harris: Thank you.

Darryl Thomas: All the misnomers, put them to the side. You're home. We got you. We'll look out for you. We'll look out for you. Yes, ma'am.

Unidentified: This is State Rep. Jordan Harris. [Inaudible]

Kamala Harris: How you doing?

Jordan Harris: How are you? What's up [Inaudible]. They didn't think I was going to do that, say, "Hey, what's up? How you doing?" So glad to have you here.

Kamala Harris: I know.

Jordan Harris: We're glad to have you here in Philadelphia.

Kamala Harris: You good?

Jordan Harris: Thank you. I'm great.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Jordan Harris: I'm good now.

Kamala Harris: OK.

Jordan Harris: Got a couple more days --

Kamala Harris: Yeah. Nine days to go.

Jordan Harris: We got you. All right.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Jordan Harris: I want to introduce you to some of the folks that are here for our conversation.

Kamala Harris: OK. Hey, everybody.

Jordan Harris: All right. This is Brother Nehemiah [ph].

Unidentified: Hi.

Kamala Harris: Nehemiah [ph], hi.

Jordan Harris: [Inaudible]

Kamala Harris: [Inaudible]

Unidentified: How you doing? Nice to meet you. We're doing well. Nice to meet you.

Jordan Harris: You have Philadelphia's version of James Brown.

Kamala Harris: All right. Yeah.

Unidentified: Best barber in the country.

Jordan Harris: This is [Inaudible]. He's one of our superstar basketball players in the city.

Kamala Harris: How you doing?

Unidentified: Pleased to meet you. Good.

Kamala Harris: How's -- you've been playing?

Unidentified: Yeah, I just played. I just got hurt.

Kamala Harris: You did?

Unidentified: Yeah, I hurt my arm -- I hurt my hands.

Kamala Harris: Let me see that. Ooh. Oh, that does hurt.

Unidentified: [Inaudible] hospital. I'm good.

Kamala Harris: You didn't go to the hospital?

Unidentified: No, I'm good.

Kamala Harris: [Inaudible] you know that, right?

Unidentified: All right.

Jordan Harris: This is Brother Chad right here.

Unidentified: How you doing, Madam Vice President?

Kamala Harris: Hey. How are you doing? Nice to meet you. Thank you.

Jordan Harris: Vice President, we're going to have you sit right here.

Kamala Harris: Is this the chair?

Jordan Harris: The hot chair. You'll be all right, though. We got you.

Kamala Harris: OK. I'm just saying -- I hear about there's a certain chair.

Jordan Harris: We got you. Don't worry. We got you.

Kamala Harris: How's everybody doing?

Unidentified: Doing well. Good.

Jordan Harris: Vice President, thank you so much for coming and being with us --

Kamala Harris: Of course.

Jordan Harris: To have this conversation inside the barbershop.

Kamala Harris: Indeed. That's where all the truth gets [Inaudible] That's where the news gets shared.

Jordan Harris: And, you know, like this is kind of breaking the code. You got -- we got you in the barbershop. You know, it's a little private, but we -- we --

Kamala Harris: It's not my first time.

Jordan Harris: OK. I'm saying we let -- we -- we got you in here today. But no. Before you came, we were literally just, you know, talking. All the brothers were just sharing their experiences of who they are. So, I just wanted them to, you know, kind of start off and, you know, Shakoor over here as a dean of students, and he works with our young people every day.

Kamala Harris: Oh, that's wonderful.

Jordan Harris: He was telling me about how he got an education. So, you want to go ahead and tell the vice president?

Shakoor Woodson: Well, my name is Shakoor Woodson, I'm 30 years old. I'm from Philly, born and raised; uptown to be exact. I've been in education for 10 years. I started off as a teacher's assistant in a school in North Philly. After the school lost their charter, I've been like trying to like figure out where I'm going to go if education was still for me.

Shakoor Woodson: Then I started to work in Camden, New Jersey at a KIPP high -- I mean, at KIPP middle school.

Kamala Harris: Oh, you're teaching at KIPP?

Shakoor Woodson: I was. I was there for six years, and then I came back over to Philly because I felt like it was time for me to lay some roots down in my own city. Like I've been giving a lot of like energy and time to others like another state and other kids, but I think it's time now for me to like give my kids like my energy and my all.

Shakoor Woodson: And I've been in Philly for the last three years of my career.

Kamala Harris: You know, sadly, only one percent of teachers in public schools are Black men.

Shakoor Woodson: Yeah, for sure.

Kamala Harris: One percent.

Shakoor Woodson: It's a little bit less actually.

Jordan Harris: Yeah. It's crazy, yeah.

Kamala Harris: And, you know, the -- the statistics are if a Black child has a Black teacher by the end of the third grade, they're like 13 percent more likely to go to college.

Shakoor Woodson: More likely to succeed.

Kamala Harris: To go to college, even. If they have had two Black teachers by the end of the third grade, something like 30 percent more likely.

Unidentified: Because otherwise, they [Inaudible]

Kamala Harris: And, you know, part of actually my focus and agenda is what we've got to do to create incentives, which really are not necessarily incentives in terms of the will, but also we don't pay teachers enough, student loan debt is an issue, you know, and thinking about how we create incentives to actually recruit and retain more Black men as teachers because we know the benefit to overall society and, in particular, to our children.

Jordan Harris: You know, it's interesting you say that, Vice President. We literally are talking -- because I'm a former school teacher as well. I taught middle school social studies.

Kamala Harris: Oh, bless you.

Jordan Harris: You know what? People always say that. Can I tell you, I love middle school.

Kamala Harris: Then you are a blessing.

Shakoor Woodson: Middle school's my favorite.

Jordan Harris: People are -- the people talks about the little kids that I could not -- I was a [Inaudible]

Kamala Harris: But it is just an awkward stage for them really, I guess. Not for us, but for them.

Jordan Harris: It was fun. Now, I was younger then, so it was like teaching --

Kamala Harris: Yes. You had more energy?

Jordan Harris: Yeah. Now, I don't know if I can do it, but what we're -- what we're talking about is representation and why it matters, right? Nehemiah [ph] is in TV, film, and movie. And, you know, he was telling us one of the reasons why he wanted to get involved is because he wanted to see more representation of himself in the space.

Kamala Harris: Yeah, that's right. That's right.

Jordan Harris: So, Nehemiah [ph], you know, finish telling me what you were talking about earlier.

Unidentified: Yeah, we were talking about how like I've been making up stories my entire life and how I wanted to put that on the screen. And you see these superheroes, you see these action heroes, and none of them look like you. So, I started writing my own stuff, and I'm still doing it. I'm not as established as these guys, but I'm going to be where they are, trying to be a little bit more of a formative person myself.

Unidentified: But the impact that good representation, cool representation, being able to see yourself as a -- as a heroic figure.

Kamala Harris: That's right.

Unidentified: I even mentioned Spider-Man, because I feel like everybody likes Spider-Man taking off the mask to be able to see yourself.

Kamala Harris: I'm pretty much pro-Batman [Inaudible] that's like my --

Unidentified: [Inaudible] yesterday. I was at there at noon yesterday, 12:48.

Kamala Harris: Oh, really?

Unidentified: [Inaudible]

Kamala Harris: Well, tell me the characters you're writing.

Unidentified: So, right now, we are doing this kind of death of a cowboy type thing. Death as kind of going through a midlife crisis. We're trying to hit through issues that people have in real life.

Kamala Harris: Yeah, right.

Unidentified: Everybody feels lonely. Everybody feels like just things aren't going your way. And when you look around the way that society is being constructed, the way that -- it's just everything is so against you. No matter who you are, you're going to have to hit the same roadblocks in life. And we want to make so that everybody feels connected in that because you can relate to that deep feeling regardless of who you are, feeling that isolation.

Unidentified: So, we want to do that -- do in a comedic way, reach out. But it's just -- I feel like my main thing is just make something cool, and then people will come see it. And that's -- that's really what we've been focusing on. I've been traveling from Philly to New York to Atlanta just trying to get my footing.

Unidentified: And when you hear that you're a film major, like the numbers start ringing in the head. That was in 2020 I decided to do that. Terrible financial decision. I'm kind of happy, but, you know, I'm -- you know, working to --

Kamala Harris: Well, you're an artist.

Unidentified: I --

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Unidentified: So, you know what you're signing up for.

Kamala Harris: Right. Right.

Jordan Harris: But you were talking about student loan debt --

Unidentified: Student loan --

Jordan Harris: Attached to your artistry. So --

Unidentified: I get you. [Inaudible] So, you know what I'm talking about. Yeah. It's -- it's -- it comes in with everything, and it makes it so that they already say that you can't do these things unless you have a college education. They say that you can do other things, but we know that's not true. I can go on Indeed.

Unidentified: I can go to any job site. They're asking for 16 years of experience. And that's just not something someone out of the gate is going to have. I want it so that younger filmmakers, dreamers, people that want to put stuff on the screen, they don't have the same roadblocks that I had: that they had to take out a loan, go to these loan sharks.

Unidentified: Obviously, student loan forgiveness is something you have been passionate about.

Kamala Harris: Yeah. Yeah.

Unidentified: But not just that -- but putting publicly funded programs into these schools. One of the things about like even in Europe, they have publicly funded theater programs, publicly funded stuff where you can reach out and get invested.

Kamala Harris: Yeah. You are absolute -- and public funding in the arts is a huge issue. And to your point, even if -- if a child does not, if that's not their passion or their -- right -- if their road --