Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-remarks-post-campaign-event-atlanta-july-30-2024

Kamala Harris: Hi, everyone. Hi, everyone. And Victor and Ryan, thank you for all the work that you have been doing on behalf of our campaign because this -- I don't know if folks saw me, I just gave a speech, I'm here in Atlanta, but this is truly a people-powered campaign. And I thank everyone for joining us for this call and for being a part of just loving our country and knowing that to achieve the ideals, we all have to be active and involved.

Kamala Harris: And I know we have volunteers and organizers from around the country who have joined this call. And I hope you could feel the energy in the room here in Atlanta. It was really incredible. And it's about the energy of our campaign. This is our campaign. And I feel so very strongly that our campaign is about building community.

Kamala Harris: Our campaign is about building coalition. Our campaign is about everyone from every walk of life, every age coming together to understand we all have so much more in common than what separates us and that we are collectively, because of our love of our country, prepared to fight for the best of who we are.

Kamala Harris: And -- and I can say that we can. I think that we have great momentum; and in large, large part, it has to do with everybody who's on this call and all that you are doing to organize. In fact, just this past week, over 360,000 people signed up to volunteer. And us being a people-powered campaign means that with our power and with us continuing to grow and to connect each other and to connect folks that may be perfect strangers today but will be friends tomorrow, all that kind of work and that spirit of that work means we're going to win in November.

Kamala Harris: And I know many of us have been involved in these elections every four years. And almost every time, we say this is the one. Well, this year is the one. It's probably the most existential, consequential, and important election of our lifetime. And I think we all know it, which is why you all are on this call.

Kamala Harris: And we are prepared, all of us, to fight for our future, and that's what this is about. So, November 5th is in 98 days, and early voting, just as important, is around the corner. In Arizona, early voting starts in 71 days. In Michigan, mail-in voting starts in 58 days. And in North Carolina, absentee ballots will be sent in just 38 days.

Kamala Harris: So, we got a lot of work to do, and we have enough time to get it done, but not an extra amount of time, just enough time. So, listen, this -- this is a sprint, and we know what we need to do to cross the finish line. We need to knock on doors. We need to register voters. We need to text our friends and family members and coworkers and make sure they know how much is at stake in this moment.

Kamala Harris: And again, make sure they know that they're not alone, that we're all in this together, that we're all in this together. So, to everyone on this call, I'll say, listen, it's going to be hard work. We are the underdog. It's going to be hard work. And we like hard work, and hard work is good work. So, let's get to it, and let's energize and organize and mobilize and fight for freedom and for the future of our nation.

Kamala Harris: And let's remember, as I always say, when we fight, we win. So, everyone, please take care, and I hope to see you out there. And thank you again.