So the Chargers won the toss. They have deferred. Dustin Hopkins will kick off. And Isiah Pacheco, a rookie seventh-round pick out of Rutgers, who was their leading rusher last week, So each team with a victory on opening day. And off we go from Kansas City with a touchback. Patrick Mahomes in the division. How tough has he been in the AFC West? There it is, 21 and 3, a 4 to 1 touchdown-to-interception ratio, and a rating in triple figures. Important for him tonight, settle in, get the ball out of his hands quickly with this rush. Last week or Sunday in Arizona, he scored on his first three possessions, 3 touchdown passes. They use a lot of motion. Hardman is the motion man here. Give it to Clyde Edwards-Helaire. And he picks up about 5. So last week on that first touchdown throw, he sprained his left wrist. It is taped tonight. You can see it. But how much did it bother him? He only threw for more touchdown passes after that. And he told us in our meeting yesterday, first day after, it hurt a little bit. By the second or third day, he felt good to go. He said it wouldn't matter. He was playing no matter what. Edwards-Helaire again. And with that second burst, he's able to pick up the first down. So they give it to him twice. He scored two touchdowns last week on pass receptions. They may mark it a little bit short, and they do. It looked like he was able to thrust across the 35-yard line, but he did not. So it will be third down and 1. Andy Reid feels really good about Clyde Edwards-Helaire and what he can bring in his third year. He's had an entire offseason of being healthy. He brings a physicality. He's undersized. He's thick and low center of gravity. Joey Bosa, Khalil Mack, a formidable tandem on the outside. Give it to the up man. And that's Michael Burton, the fullback. So three straight runs for the Chiefs and a first down. And remember, this Chargers defense talked about trying to get more physical up front, Khalil Mack, you think about him as a pass rusher. But one of the best edge defenders against the run. They were 30th in the league last year against the run. So they made a lot of moves. And the Chiefs testing that here early in those first three plays. [play call] Mahomes, first pass of the night, set up a little bit of a screen. He cuts back inside, does Edwards-Helaire, and is close to a first down. Containment to the outside, cut back inside. And we'll see where they mark it. Good job here by the center, Creed Humphrey. Watch him get out. Very athletic center, really controls things up front. He doesn't sell it too early. Then, he does a nice job on the kickout block. And you don't need to give Clyde Edwards-Helaire much room. Really good acceleration, and here he is again. Looking it up, good kickout block right there on Kenneth Murray. He gives him plenty of room to pick up that first down. Humphrey, second-round draft choice last year out of Oklahoma, helped to cement that offensive front. That was a big priority for Kansas City Off the fake, rolling left, he dumps it underneath. He settles for a pass to Burton, who did step out of bounds. He tried to cut back inside, steps out after a very short gain. Gain of 2, it'll be second down and 8. You and I talked about last week, Eric Bieniemy and Andy Reid and this offense, they faced a lot of blitzing, a lot of man-to-man. And they were licking their chops, had a big day today. They know they're going to have to be more patient. Much like last year, people sat back, kept their safeties deep forced. This offense and Patrick Mahomes have to be more patient. I think that will be the story tonight. Kelce flares out, leaps up, makes the catch. His first catch of the night. He had a great game last week. Of course, he's been fantastic for the last seven seasons. He's going to the Pro Bowl. Derwin James makes the tackle there. It'll be third down and short. And that's the matchup we want to see, right? I mean, Derwin James, one of the top most versatile players in the NFL. He's going to be matched up one-on-one quite a bit. He gets over a little bit late which allows Kelce to get to the outside. That will be a matchup, a game within the game is Mahomes trying to dial up Kelce against James. He plays all over the field-- in the box, outside, deep. Give the ball here to Hardman. And Hardman is stuffed in the backfield at the 46-yard line. That's Joey Bosa trailing him on the outside and knocking him down there. It'll be fourth down and in comes the punting unit. Yeah, a tough ask for Kelce, as good as he is, to try to hold the point here. All you're going to see getting the ball to the outside, he's got to hold that edge. Hold that edge. You cannot allow the speed of Hardman to get outside. Boy, he is so strong. Again, another guy, you think about his ability to rush the quarterback. They have two edge players in Mack and Bosa that take just as much pride in defending the run. Tommy Townsend in to punt. DeAndre Carter, who's been in nine camps and has played in games with five different teams over the years, and had a touchdown reception last week, saved. It cannot. It's a touchback. And so the Chargers will get the ball at the 20. And here comes Justin Herbert. [music playing] Going through his progressions, and it's a 9-yard pickup to Mike Williams, who was seldomly used last week. Only 2 balls, but they go right to him tonight in the absence of Keenan Allen. Yeah. And as you just said, watch him work the progressions. Anytime he throws, he'll start right. Look at the feet. He gets in perfect position. How about the location of the ball? Low and away. Eyes come back to that third target, away from L'Jarius Sneed. Perfect throw there on first and 10. Second and 1, off the play action. Good protection, he fires, caught up at the 44-yard line. And that is caught by Williams. He's already made as many catches in the first couple of minutes of this game as he did all of last Sunday. Here's Herbert now and some of his numbers. Third year in the league. He's been in here twice. And what's happened, he's won both times. 7 touchdowns through the air and 1 on the ground, no picks. To the left, he goes. He throws it away. He was under pressure that time from Leo Chenal, a rookie out of Wisconsin. Second and 10. Yeah, just confused on the right side of that offensive line. And really, that's going to be the question tonight for Herbert and the Chargers. You've got a rookie in Zion Johnson out of Boston College and Pipkins, who took over for the first time. Ekeler, and Austin takes it to the 48-yard line. Austin Ekeler, I mean, a guy who's very much under the radar around the National Football League. But last year, 20 touchdowns, which tied with Jonathan Taylor of Indianapolis for the league lead. Another guy that's got a low center of gravity. He catches the ball, pass protection. He's just a complete back. And again, with Keenan Allen down, you're going to see his workload step up especially in the passing game. That was a gain of 8. Third and 2. Hangs in the pocket, fires, that's caught. And that takes it to the 35 and a first down for DeAndre Carter. Great story. This guy's been around, in and out of camps, five different teams, as I said before, and played a big part in the game last week. Here, they just do a nice job of attacking the zone. You have a young rookie corner in Watson, 35. One guy goes over the top, another underneath. Watson sits. No problem, third and short. The easy throw underneath, pick up the first down. New running back here is Joshua Kelley. They've got Ekeler. They've got Kelley and Sony Michel now with the Chargers as well. Give it to Kelley. He slips through that hole over the right guard. Inside the 30, tackled by Carlos Dunlap. Several years on Andy Reid's staff. Herbert to the outside. And that pass in front of Joshua Taylor and incomplete. A little off target right there. It's third down and 3. For the Chargers, doing a pretty good job of giving Herbert time to throw. That will be one of the few throws that you see from him that will be off target. He had an open man out there, but really looks to be settled in and throwing in rhythm until that throw. Third and short. You ever wonder about Herbert, that drive he led in the fourth quarter and in overtime against Vegas last year at the end of the season, off the charts. Third and 3. Four-man rush, he has time. And then falling down and getting the flag, so that'll be interference. That is Joshua Palmer. The contact from Rashad Fenton. And we'll hear from John Hussey officially. It should result and a first down. Pass interference, defense, number 27. Ball will be placed at the spot of the foul, automatic first down. Well, I mean, you talk about working through progressions He ended up going back all the way to his fourth target. He ends up trying to get the ball to Palmer. There's that tight coverage. And again, he grabs on to that jersey-- an easy call. But the rookie right guard, Zion Johnson, he's going up against Chris Jones, one of the top interior pass rushers in the entire league. He holds his own there. Rookie first-round pick is Johnson out of Boston College. He floats one to the end zone. Williams off the back shoulder and incomplete. He looks around for a flag. L'Jarius Sneed blitzed on that. They had the rookie on him as well. Jaylen Watson out of Washington State picked in the seventh round. Yeah, minus Trent McDuffie who was picked in the first round. He's hurt, inactive tonight. Off the play, sets up the screen. Caught, but right there, Austin Ekeler gets buried by Willie Gay as he makes the catch. It'll be third down and long. Boy, did Willie Gay feel this the entire time. Chris Jones does a good job of getting the pressure. But Gay is just sitting back there waiting, just waiting to see if this is a screen. He's almost getting out there before Ekeler even has a chance to catch the ball. Once he does, he's there to make the tackle. Nice play. Crowd back at full throat now on a third and 13. [crowd roaring] Silent count, play clock winding down. Herbert surveys, shoots it underneath. Nice move there by Gerald Everett, the former Ram. He played last year with the Seahawks. He doesn't get the first down, but sets up what should be an easier field goal attempt unless, of course, you got Brandon Staley, who loves to go for it on fourth down. But here, he won't. He has that reputation. Last year, 34 attempts on fourth down, which was as many as you'd see in this league. But I think he's got a better team this year, which doesn't make him maybe feel that he needs to go for it as often. Dustin Hopkins, the Chargers have had terrible kicking problems for a decade. He may have solved them last year. He came over from Washington, did a good job, wins the job this year. 31-yard attempt, and the Los Angeles Chargers are on the board. A couple of ticks under 6 minutes to go in the quarter. Apparently not retired Tyreek Hill's number. Here, you got Pacheco wearing number 10. There he is. Sorry, folks, he's not there with the Dawson and Lanier and Bobby Bell and all the rest. And he lets that one sail through the end zone. We were talking to him yesterday. And he talked about bringing all of the guys down to his home near Fort Worth. And they were there for about two weeks. And you're not talking about four or five guys. You're talking about 18 to 20 guys. And I think it talks about the leadership of Patrick Mahomes, now in his fifth year as a starting quarterback. And he said going to dinner and just hanging out and developing chemistry, getting to know each other probably had as much to do with that as working on the actual offense in the scheme. Well, he's the real deal. This just in. Clyde Edwards-Helaire for a gain of 3. Let's go to Kaylee. So Al, when all the running backs and receivers and tight ends took Mahomes up on that invite to Texas and put this team first, Travis Kelce told me it really set the tempo for this year. The selflessness he saw, he told me, gave him the reassurance that all these guys are on the same page. When Kelce shows up, you know that everybody's bought in, right? 87 is there. You better be there. They go five wide here on second down and 7. Chargers blitz, and they get him right up the middle. Drue Tranquill, number 49. And Khalil Mack is there as well. Tranquill had an interception last week. And of course, Mack had three sacks in the opener. Yeah, a little miscommunication up front on that right side of the offensive line. Tranquill is right up at the line of scrimmage. You can see Trey Smith, the right guard, actually steps down to his left, creating that opening. And he just shoots that gap between Smith and the right tackle, Wylie, for an easy interception. Nothing Mahomes could do there-- or a sack there. Mahomes last season was blitzed only 15% of the time. That's about 1 every 7 drop backs. Third and 16. And they blow that play up in the backfield. Derwin James is right there to take care of McKinnon as he makes the grab. And it's fourth down on a very fast three-and-out. Yeah, it is really hard on this offensive line when you have Derwin James right here. He's just sitting and waiting and eyeing McKinnon, who's known as a back who typically they throw the ball to. So he's locked in on him. You can see the rest of that defense is they're not fooled at all on third down that they go to the screen. Not often do the Chiefs punt twice in the first 11 minutes of the game, but Tommy Townsend sends it skyward here for the second time. This is Carter. Mile-high kick, and Carter wiggles his way out to the 42-yard line. To be the elite quarterback in this league. From the 42-yard line, backfield was empty. Pass is caught, 8-yard gain. So Mike Williams already a big part of the action tonight. Again, if you tuned in late, Keenan Allen, their number 1 receiver, hamstring strain last week. He can't play tonight. Maybe with a long week now, 10 days before the next game, he can play. But what I like to see from Joe Lombardi as a play caller is he's moving Mike Williams around. He's filling that void. And they're attacking the interior of the zone here from Kansas City just sitting down in that soft spot. Second and 2 to the outside. And it's going to be a throw back here to Ekeler. But that's going to be blown up in the backfield. So DeAndre Carter, a little razzle-dazzle. But they should erase that one from the playbook. It's a loss of 4. Yeah, we just talked about Joe Lombardi and what a great job And then they throw a ball that looks like it's just too slow and developing. Very fortunate that Ekeler came back to the ball. Kansas City showing great discipline there on that second down play. Dangerous. Very. Third and 6. 2 and 1/2 left in the opening quarter. Herbert fires, and that's going to be caught close to a first down. Williams spinning around. Did he get it? You see where they mark it. Looking at the yellow line, which, by the way, is unofficial in case you're wondering. You have to mention that at least once a year, right? And I love that he went to the matchup. He went to the rookie with his best receiver tonight. Williams comes up just a little bit short. But you understand why he wanted to try to get that matchup. And even though it was tight coverage, he's rolled up on him, he still makes that throw. They're actually going to bring out the sticks here. Looks to be a little short. Pretty good effort there after the catch for the-- --fight for that first down. A game of inches. Yeah, all right, so now you got the first decision. Brandon Staley last year going for it. Look, there's a fine line between aggressiveness and recklessness. Sometimes it worked last year. Other times, it did not. I think they're confident with how their defense has played here in these first couple of drives. And right around midfield, they bring in their heavy unit. Next Gen Stats right there powered by AWS. Put a fullback in, Xander Horvath. The Chiefs expecting a quick huddle here. They're already down and ready in the interior. At the 48, Sony Michel is the running back. He's the I-back here. And Herbert's going to keep it himself and pick up So Brandon Staley begins the year 1 for 1. So much for the drama there. That was pretty quick. He just got under center and took it. It's pretty nice having a 6' 6" quarterback and a center that's as good as there is. And the big man just goes right over top of his center-- easy first down. Herbert on third and 1 or fourth and 1 in his career, 13 out Picking up the first down in those situations. Michel stays in the game. Former Patriot, won a Super Bowl ring with the Rams last year. And Sony Michel cuts it back, turns it into a nice run. He picks up about 7 to the 40, where Willie Gay makes the tackle. Great vision here by Michel. And a heck of a job by the backside of this offensive line getting a push. Watch how important those backside blocks are. That play is designed to go to the left. The combination of the vision by Michel, the right side of that offensive line getting a good push down, open that up for positive yards. Final minute of the quarter on a second down and 3. Good protection. Going deep downfield, and a battle is won there with a flag thrown by Mike Williams with Fenton covering on the play. Flag comes in. If it's against Kansas City, it's at the 1-yard line. The ball is underthrown. He's trying to work his way back. And it's going to definitely be on Kansas City here. But a heck of an effort. You talk about a guy that's off to a good start tonight for Brandon Staley-- Who was going to step up for Keenan Allen? It's Mike Williams so far. Boy, that's a heck of a job of coming back and making 6' 4" working against a guy who's 5' 11". There are two fouls on the play, both by the same team. Holding, defense, number 27. Pass interference, defense, number 27, also declined. The result of the play is a first down. That's your daily double right there for Fenton. Fenton, that's a tough matchup. You mentioned the size. Play action, he's got all kinds of time. And he's just grabbing on to the jersey. You see he makes that cut to the outside. You can see he's very handsy the entire route. And then when he comes back, head's not turned back to the football. An easy call for the officials, but they don't need it with the catch. First and goal. Keep it on the ground. And stopped just short, Sony Michel. That's L'Jarius Sneed coming up from the corner to make sure he doesn't get in. And that might take us to the end of the first quarter. Clock ticking down. They'll change sides in a moment. And 38, nice job of just filling in. He's one of the top slot corners in this league. And really good job as a run defender as he shows you right there. Chargers have a second down and goal at the 1 and a 3-0 lead. Michel stays in. Tight formation, put the fullback in there now, Horvath. A little motion, off the fake, pass to the outside. Caught! And that's Horvath, a rookie out of Purdue, And he's begun his NFL career with two touchdowns in his first two games. What a start for the Chargers. They go with a heavy lineup here. They bring in a tackle to set up as a tight end over here, But then, they're going to go play action off of that, give you the look that they're going to try to pound you, and then slip the fullback out into the flat. Horvath catches Kansas City off guard. Great job again by Lombardi breaking a tendency there with that formation. And then the tight end is wide open out in the flat for the touchdown. Dustin Hopkins for the extra point. JK Scott holding and the Chargers with a very impressive drive. Third straight in this ballpark. That's right. But you just know Mahomes is going to answer, right? I have a feeling. So Pacheco is back there. He's watched the first two sail over his head and make it the hat trick here. So the Chargers with a lot of new guys defensively, that was where they placed the premium in the offseason. Joseph-Day from the Rams. Van Noy has been around, two-time Super Bowl champ. And we talked about JC Jackson from the Patriots. And Bryce Callahan, slot corner, had a pick last week. So new guys on that side of the ball. Tom Telesco and the gang in Los Angeles said, we've got to shore up that defense. And defensive, Tom Telesco and also what we've seen from Brandon Staley, they changed dramatically from where they were with Gus Bradley as a defensive coordinator to who they are now. Mahomes off the fake. And that's caught by Hardman, Mecole Hardman. That time, he had James blitzing, the safety. But they were able to fend him off to give Mahomes just enough time. Again, we talked about he could be anywhere. It's like a "Where's Waldo?" He's in the back. He's blitzing. He doesn't hide it. But Pacheco does a nice job. See Mahomes just enough to be able to step up early, You're able to get receivers downfield by keeping Pacheco in Yeah, that's a nice play by a seventh-round rookie to take care of James. Mahomes, 5 of 5 for 43. And that pass is incomplete. It's Asante Samuel covering Marquez Valdes-Scantling, So much attention on Khalil Mack and he and Bosa being teamed up, Derwin James who's one of the best But I'll tell you, JC Jackson, the corner who they picked up, you put him on the other side of Asante Samuel, this is a complete defense. Talking to Richard Sherman, who's on the pregame show, he's made it very clear. He thinks JC Jackson is the top corner in the entire NFL. And yet the Patriots found him expendable. Chargers say, thank you very much. Through the middle, bulling his way, gain of about 6. Goes Pacheco, 5' 10", 216, out of Rutgers, 62 yards on the ground last week. I'm dumbfounded on how he slid all the way When you look at his combine, he ran a 4.37, one of the fastest backs in Indianapolis. He's physical. Eric Bieniemy, I was talking to him last night. He kind of giggled about how fortunate And he had one of the best camps of any of the Chiefs as a rookie. Now, McKinnon is the running back. Smith-Schuster was the man in motion, sets up on the left. And Mahomes is going to go for 6. And there's nobody there except a Charger. However, a flag does come in. And that's Adderley for the moment. But the flag was thrown. You saw it come in. And the Chiefs are fairly confident it's against the Chargers. I think it was Bryce Callahan. John Hussey is going to check it out with the brethren. Marquez Valdes-Scantling on a route just trying to work back to the outside. He got locked up with him. Prior to the pass, illegal contact, defense, number 23. That 5-yard penalty will be enforced from the previous spot. Automatic first down. Kansas City has thrown a lot of underneath throws, but this time, they're trying to go downfield. And you can see that this-- he gets tied up. I mean, they both did. The arm of Valdes-Scantling gets around Bryce Callahan. I think that's why he was frustrated. You see the pressure gets there. The big fella Austin Johnson gets home, forces Mahomes to get rid of that ball probably a tick earlier than he'd like to. Another one of the new guys, free agent. He had been with the Giants. First down now at the 34-yard line. McKinnon, Jerick McKinnon, decent run. He gets tripped up by James. He picks up about 6, second down. Let's call it second down then maybe 5, second and 5. Early in this game, a conservative approach by Andy Reid. Now you're starting to see them try to get the ball a couple of times. We've seen them getting the ball thrown downfield. Combination of running in the interior and challenging that Chargers, the moves they've made along with that passing game downfield. Quick pass to the outside and taken down immediately. Noah Gray, one of the tight ends. And James is just all over the field. He makes the stop there. Andy was telling us the other day, he loves tight ends. Without injuries, he might have dressed for tight ends tonight. And again, I think that's, how do you fill that void with Tyreek Hill? It's tight ends and also the receivers. Watch the motion and then watch Tyreek-- or watch Derwin James just sneaking around. Not fooled at all, sat there patiently. He knew exactly what might be coming and makes a good play. Third and 4. Free play coming. Bosa was offside. And that is caught. And taking it inside the 10-yard line is Travis Kelce. Mahomes with a free play. Good luck to the defense. Offside, defense, number 97. That penalty is declined. 19-yard gain. Replay first down. He's the best in the NFL at drawing defenders offsides and then getting that free play. What I am confused by is the Chargers losing Kelce on a third down play. He does a good job of sitting down there. He get that free play. One of the best, those are like Aaron Rodgers' numbers on free plays. Mahomes flushed out. They can't get him. He sidearms it for a touchdown. So you think you have him, then you don't. He avoids the tackle and then just throws a sidearm fastball for the touchdown. Jerick McKinnon from the 9-yard line. It's just you run out of adjectives the way he's able to keep this play alive. Tremendous athletic ability, but it's the vision, the eyes downfield, and the sidearm to be able to make this play happen. He does it so often. But a good job of these receivers know when he does that, find the opening in the zone. And the offensive linemen, nobody goes downfield. Now, the kicker is Matt Ammendola because Harrison Butker is hurt. So they signed him a couple of days ago. He boots the extra point. And early in the second quarter, it's a 3-point game at Arrowhead Play clock, you don't see that. Delay of game. It went to 0. So-- You've been calling games for a few years. Dave Toub, who's one of the best special teams coaches ever, it's a new kicker. For some reason, I don't know. I didn't see the breeze blow the ball off the tee or whatever. But anyway, Ammendola, who is with the Jets last year, got released. He was in the Houston camp for a few games or a couple of days anyway. And now he's signed in the absence of Butler, who they hope to have back by week 3. Kick fielded at the 4 by DeAndre Carter. And Carter wiggles his way with the ball out. The ball is out, and the Chiefs are there at the-- they're going to say he was down. The crowd, of course, is in an uproar right now. Ammendola comes up with the ball. Hussey checking, but the signal was that he was down by contact. He better hope so. The ruling on the field is the runner was down by contact. First down, Los Angeles. All right, a closer look. Yeah, that's why they brought DeAndre Carter in. Let's see if that left knee is down. Boy, it looks like, yeah, he's down clearly before that ball comes out. Good call by the official. Chargers take over at the 33. Here's the knee down. And Carter, he's a specialist. But with the injury to Allen, he stepped up in a big way last week. And he'll have to make some plays tonight. He had a TD reception. Herbert off the fake. He keeps his eyes downfield. That pass is incomplete, intended for Joshua Palmer. It'll be second down and 10. Keenan Allen, we told you, is out tonight-- hamstring. So most completions to a receiver in the quarterback's first two seasons in NFL history, Manning to Marvin Harrison, 174. They're second-- Herbert to Allen on top. You're losing your go-to guy on the road. And he's off to a heck of a start mainly by Mike Williams stepping in. Second and 10 to the outside again. Pass is high, but leaping and making the grip, Mike Williams. We mentioned he's only caught two last week. He wasn't a big part of the game plan. Tonight, already, Williams has 6 catches. And look what Spagnuolo is doing here is he's rolling up on him. He's up tight. And Ekeler bangs his way for a first down up to the 45. And they're doing everything they can to stop Mike Williams. Almost every catch that he's made, he's dealing with a corner up pressing him up in his face. But they're still going after that matchup against a rookie Jaylen Watson. Chargers doing a good job of varying the pace. They went no-huddle there. Back conventionally here. Inside handoff, Ekeler. He went to Western Colorado, grew up on a ranch in Colorado where he rode bulls with his mother. He did. That's one way to get yourself ready to become an NFL A little unconventional, but effective in his case. It helps your balance, doesn't it? And your toughness. Right. Which is exactly what he has as a back. That was no bull, by the way. Never mind. Second and 6. Ekeler again. Nice little cut back there and gets stymied. Oh, boy. And then he pays the price about a yard and a half shy. Nick Bolton taking over in the middle, number 32. And Bolton is now the main man calling the defensive signals. We've talked so much about Tyreek Hill not being in Kansas City any longer. But Tyrann Mathieu not being in Kansas City has really affected this defense with some of the changes they have made. Bolton has taken over as the leader in this defense, He communicates, does well, and is known for his instincts and physicality. Second-year man, played his college football down the road in Columbia at Missouri. He fires, and that's incomplete. He got a hand up, couldn't bring it in. And it will be fourth down. For the moment, he's going to send in the punt group. He ends up going after Sneed, who's, again, very, very good in coverage. He just put the ball behind him. Just not able to connect with Palmer. He puts it out in front, it's a first down. So JK Scott had a great game against the Raiders last week, former Packer. He played only sparingly last year at the end of the year with Jacksonville. You've got Skyy Moore, the rookie, calling for and making the fair catch at the 8-yard line. Resulted in a touchdown to make it a 3-point game. Off we go on this drive from the 8-yard line. Edwards-Helaire back in the game. He picks up about 4. Bosa makes the tackle. Clyde Edwards-Helaire, the ball carrier. Again, just such a complete player off the edge for the Chargers. He works through some traffic here, comes off Kelce initially, and then off of the block by Burton. Watch his eyes. He knows he's coming right at him. And the best thing he does not only make the play, forces it back into the teeth of that Chargers defense. Brother Nick with the 49ers, a star in his own right. Mahomes, they keep him in the pocket. He slings one to Kelce. He spins away and picks up the first down. He got away from Jackson to pick up the first on a gain of 9 yards, up to the 21. Pretty good job here protection. You see 5 up front. He creates one-on-one matchups. Mack to the right. Bosa to the left. Nice little window there to step up a little lane to step up and make that throw. Mack here, just trying to get home off the edge. He gets a little push there from Trey Smith. Bosa almost gets in. They go five wide here. Four-man rush again. Hardman spinning around. He turns a 3-yard gain into about an 8-yard gain, tackled by Bryce Callahan. Second down and 2. We talked about in the open last week, the Cardinals blitzed him. Played a lot of man, and they were able to be very aggressive and get down the field. Last year, everybody sat back and made them be patient. They knew coming in tonight against a Staley-coached defense, it's going to be more like last year. Be patient. Work the intermediate short passes. And eventually, you can work back to being explosive. Mahomes, as you saw, 10 of 11 for 88 yards. Edwards-Helaire, and he will try to fight for the first down but come up short. Drue Tranquill is there to stop him a yard shy of the first down. Third down upcoming. You see Bosa again setting that edge. Trey Smith pulling around the right guard along with Wylie, the right tackle. He blows this play up. He puts his foot in the ground, knows it's leverage right there. And that frees up Tranquill. Those poling linemen could not get up to the backer He forces third and short. Pacheco is the I-back. Give it to him. And it depends on the spot, but the Chargers are pretty sure they've stopped him. And they have. Tranquill is there again. Well, this is what Staley's defense wants to do. Get more physical at the line of scrimmage. Eat up the offensive linemen, and free up your linebackers. Look at all the action up front. All of this allows him to clean it up. Get stout at the point of attack. Great job. So you look at the third down play. Tranquill, the assist, of course, by Bosa, and then they come up with a big stop there. Off to a great start this season. He had a terrific day against Las Vegas. So Townsend already with his third punt of the night-- And backing up at the 12-yard line is Carter. Avoids the first guy and then brings it back out to the 23-yard line after a 60-yard-- Along with the commissioner on hand tonight. Rolling and throwing is Herbert, and that's close to a first down, Joshua Palmer. That's a power couple up there. I would say so. You and Mr. Bezos getting to the bottom of things last night. I think you guys were figuring some of the issues out in this world. He didn't know how to play craps. I go, one of the great mathematical minds in history can't figure that out? I'll teach you. First down up at the 33-yard line. Ekeler stopped just about at the line of scrimmage. And that's Carlos Dunlap, the longtime Bengal, crawls his way out of the action. Yeah, they're rotating some defensive linemen. And they want to stay fresh and healthy. And Dunlap is a big part of that. Again, another guy that's a great pass rusher but really He used quickness and his hands to get inside of Pipkins, able to collapse down. 4 minutes to halftime. Second and 9. Herbert gets it away before he gets hit. And that will be a first down, Joshua Palmer. Willie Gay came in that time, got to Herbert, but too late. And a first down for Los Angeles. They showed man-to-man before the snap. And then they brought pressure. Right here, they're showing man-to-man. They bring pressure. And look how far back the safety is once they bring that pressure. One of the things that you'll see Herbert do is recognize post-snap reads and get the ball to the right man. He felt the pressure and got the ball out just before Willie Gay could get to him. Back to the ground. Short gain, Ekeler, second down and 8. This is-- it's early in the season. Nobody's going to win anything tonight. But this is a pretty big game in the sense that for the Chargers, their schedule is pretty easy down the road. Meanwhile, the Chiefs opened the season with eight teams that had winning records last year. It's much, much tougher than is the Chargers. Not to mention, divisional game. Second and 8. They give it to him, able to maintain his balance. And again, this division is so tough, the AFC West. But I know it's early, obviously. The season is 20 minutes old. But the team that wins tonight's game will be the only undefeated team in the division. I'm with you. And I think you're looking at maybe the more complete teams, at least on paper, in this division. So when you go head to head with the Chargers and the Chiefs this year, it's very important no matter what point in the season you're playing. This Chargers team, they've reshuffled the deck, made a lot of changes. And they have come into this game in this season with a lot of confidence. Not just with Herbert, but the changes they made on defense. Two-minute warning. A special look now at WhatsApp's-- Third down and 1. 2 minutes to the half. Herbert keeping his eyes downfield. No, he cannot. And he's taken down at the 47-yard line. So now with Carlos Dunlap there, it is going to be-- Well, it's a heck of a call here with Patrick Mahomes on the other sideline. Right, fourth and 2. We'll see what Staley wants to do. And I think it's because of who he's playing and the way his team is up right now 10-7. You would normally think he would go for this, but no way. You don't want to give Mahomes if you don't make it that field position. Andy Reid could take a timeout here as well. Remember, the Chargers deferred. They get the ball to start the second half. They were thinking about points there and then getting the ball 2 for 1. JK Scott. At this point on the field, they could have taken the delay. it wouldn't have mattered. But do they get it away? Moore is back there. He lets it bounce at the 5. And it takes a fairly good Los Angeles bounce. At least it doesn't go into the end zone. It's down inside the 15. Andy Reid could have taken the timeout there. You think that he might have-- It makes you wonder what they're going to do here now back inside their own 15. But I think we're all surprised. They didn't use that timeout, save a little time. They have all three for what it's worth right now. Mahomes starts this one from the 13-yard line. And the pressure is on. And the pass is thrown into the Chiefs' bench. And you've got a flag at the 6-yard line. I think it's going to be on Bosa who came and submarined him. Obviously, they take care of these quarterbacks. And Joey Bosa is off really a big night. Holding, offense, number 77. Wow. He pulled the defender into the quarterback. Half the distance the goal, first down. Friendly fire. He grabs his jersey and actually pulls him down. I thought it might have just been Bosa losing his balance at the end. But you can clearly see Wylie, who's got his hands full against Bosa. Watch near the end of this. He grabs that jersey. And you couldn't quite see that. That was an interesting look at it there. Well-- Watch here. Watch. He gets hold of the jersey there. And then you don't really see him pull him down. Terry McAulay is telling us, shaky, shaky call. First and 16 now. Juggling catch is made. That's JuJu Smith-Schuster up at the 11-yard line. And they'll race up to the line here with 12 yards to go on second down. And that catch is made and then spun out is Valdes-Scantling. So it'll be third down now. The clock stopped with 27 seconds. Of course, Andy Reid has such confidence in Mahomes. But it does make me go back to that fourth down at midfield when they allowed some time to go off. You're looking at 27 seconds here. And they have not done a good job of getting the ball thrown downfield against this defense, who's just sitting back and keeping everything in front. Stopping here, and Staley can call a timeout. Mahomes, and that's incomplete. And so you've got 22 seconds. And the Chargers don't even have to take a timeout. No, they don't. Crowd's still upset about the penalty. Andy trying to figure it out too. Talking to Carl Johnson, who at one time was the head of officials in the National Football League. Crowd is still exercised. Meanwhile, Townsend with his fourth punt and letting it bounce. And that's going to take us almost to halftime. 6 seconds. And we're back in 30 seconds. Tom, you saw the Chiefs punt four times and a half. Right? Kneel down will end it. The Chargers get the ball to start the second half. Entertaining first half. Brandon Staley up 10-7 on the road. We'll take that. Coming up after the break, the Mercedes-Benz Halftime-- So Matt Ammendola to kick off, the newly acquired kicker. And he boots that one through the end zone for a touchback. Couple of minutes ago when he came out of the locker room, Kaylee talked to Brandon Staley. Coach, you kept Arrowhead pretty quiet for a quarter. What is the key to continuing to keep Patrick Mahomes in his offense from getting downfield? We just got to play team defense. We got to have all three levels playing together. We got to play a lot of people, stay fresh. It's going to take everybody in order to finish this. Your offense scored on the first two drives. How do you get them going again? Yeah, I like the way we played offensively. I feel like we're moving the ball at a high level. I think the best thing that we're doing is we're really secure with the football right now. We've got to keep doing that. And I think if we do that, that'll be a big thing for us in the second half. So they start from the 25. Meanwhile, you've got Will Clapp now in at center. So Corey Linsley does not make the start here in the second half. We have to check on that. They got a silent count going, and there he is. And that's something to keep an eye on. Corey Linsley, one of the top centers in the NFL and one of the best run-blocking centers. Second and 8, they go quickly. Nice catch, a contested catch. A yard shy of the first down. Gerald Everett tackled there by Willie Gay. Third and 1. Gives them a chance here. He had Frank Clark closing in on him. They're going to go tempo here, but a nice job of changing his arm angle. Ekeler, can he get the first? Yes, he can. Tell you what, you're going tempo. You got a new center in there, silent count. You got a lot of stuff going on right now. When you get like this, you feel like you're doing a Big 12 game, going back to these college games that I do. The tempo is fast. And one of the things that puts a lot of pressure on a defense to communicate, make sure everybody's gaps sound, especially on third down for Steve Spagnuolo, the defensive coordinator here in Kansas City. Thank God they don't stop the clock after every first down. We'll be here till midnight. Tell me about it. I live it. From the 41-yard line, Herbert looks back the other way. Dangerous pass, but gets away with it. And Ekeler has a lot of room to roam and finally gets taken out of bounds after a long game. He got away from Willie Gay. Dangerous pass, but it works. Dangerous and give credit to Willie Gay. He just didn't finish the play. He stayed home, was not fooled at all. Really, the only Chiefs defender that did not move with the action. And this is what makes Ekeler so tough. He can catch the ball, but he's hard to bring down by one guy. Gay had a chance at him. But look at him. He shakes, shows you how tough he is from riding those bulls you talked about growing up with his mom. He keeps that balance from the 41-yard line. Fake it to Kelley, and then the pass is batted. Trying to throw it to Kelley, batted by Chris Jones. Fired, caught, that's Mike Williams inside the 30 and another Charger first down. Yeah, they're just feeling this. When Kansas City is playing zone, watch Mike Williams run and then just sit there. The action takes the linebackers away, creates a nice lane there. And that's the zip that you see from Herbert along with the accuracy. That combination as we've seen here in these first three years from Herbert in this offense is a lethal combination. And Mike Williams has really stepped up tonight in the absence of Keenan Allen. On the ground, cutting it back, nice move there. Joshua Kelley, third-year back, played his college ball at UCLA. We talked about that vision. We saw Michel have a very similar run early in this game. He cuts back to the right. Nice job on the right side of sustaining those blocks. Here they go fast again. Kelley again. It looks like he's a little short. To Kaylee, we go. Al, you don't see center Corey Linsley in there with the Chargers. The team tells us they're looking into a knee injury. Yeah, they've got Clapp in there right from the get go, number 76. He was a free agent pickup from the Saints in the offseason. It's a third and 1. Knowing Staley, are you talking about fourth downs here? Yeah, and you wonder, do you go the conventional way Or do you try to catch them off and hit a play-action pass? Horvath, the fullback, flip it back to Ekeler. And Ekeler fights his way. Does he get it? We'll see where they spot it. Got him in bounds. It looks to be a little bit short. That's Nick Bolton covering on the play. Good job of this getting turned back inside. Just on the edge there, Justin Reid forces it back. And nobody is able to climb up to Nick Bolton. He can get sideline to sideline in a hurry. The leader of that front keeps him short of the first. And they will go for it. Line up anyway to do it. Fourth down and inches. Staley says, if nothing else, it's a mindset I want my team to have. We're going to be aggressive. Give it to Ekeler, and he is able to find his way across the line to gain. I think that's so important when he talks about having that spirit, just an attitude to create a fearless approach. And we saw Brian Daboll, that worked out with the New York Giants this past weekend. Players feed off of their coaches believing in them. And this is big to keep this drive alive. Instead of settling for the field goal on the road up 3, You get in the red zone, and now you're trying to get 6. Chargers have had the ball for 5 minutes. This is the 11th play of this drive. To the end zone, he goes. And can he one-hand it in the end zone to Mike Williams? Yes. Mike Williams, what a night. Signed a new long-term lucrative deal in the offseason, paying a huge dividend tonight. And he takes Sneed to the outside. Usually, that's slot corner. By the way, he's in phase. Pretty good coverage, kind of that slow release. But look at the location. Unbelievable catch to get the right hand down and makes that catch. But the location of the ball gives him a chance. Pretty tight coverage by Sneed. Right hand, right buttock as well. Yeah, that's right. To paraphrase John Madden, one buttock equals two feet, right? You're in bounds. And in this case, 6 points. Hopkins for the extra point. So the Chargers come out of the gate with a new center-- no problem. 11 plays, 75 yards, and the Chargers lead by 10 at Arrowhead. Oh, yeah. The Chiefs-- When the Royals won the World Series back in '85-- You were on the call? I'm here for everything. Mike Williams, second visiting player 100 or more yards, three straight games in Arrowhead. Touchdown here. What concentration again. He gets the right arm down. He takes care of the right buttocks. As you said, he gets in. His mom, Francine, his girlfriend, Farrah, they get the ball. Yep. And now Mahomes has the ball for the first time Keep in the pocket. He gets hit as he throws. Deep downfield, contested, and a flag is thrown. So it's picked here by James. But you saw the flag. And Hardman is down and writhing and rolling around and limping off the field. You don't find the football, and it's an underthrown ball, there's going to be pass interference on the defense. So he takes it all the way, and you've got two flags. Adderley. You also have two-- you have two flags back near the line of scrimmage. There are two fouls on the play, one by each team. Holding, offense, number 57. Pass interference, defense, number 24. By rule, those fouls will offset. Have you ever seen four flags on the field? No. Only two calls, though. Here's the obvious pass interference. An underthrown ball where you see Hardman try to work back. But apparently, they're not-- no, he doesn't locate the ball. And then the big man, Orlando Brown going against Bosa. Clearly it's one way to slow down 97, just grab on to that jersey to prevent him from getting to your quarterback. [pa announcement] Austin Johnson put a lick on Mahomes on that play. Second time he's done that tonight. Mahomes backs up. Fires and that's nearly picked. And maybe it-- Samuel, does he come up with it? Did it hit the ground? He thinks he's picked it. The question is, did it hit the ground or not? Mahomes is walking away as if I know it's an interception. And it is. What a play by Asante Samuel. And I think this is a miscommunication. Kelce is supposed to continue to come down flat, at least that's what Mahomes thought. Ooh, yeah. That's Terry McAulay. You're watching this with us. Bobbled, juggle. Does the ground help it control it, Terry? He does not get control before the ball hits the ground. It's an incomplete pass, Al. --little fingers on it there. And then he loses control and it hits the ground. So Hussey is going to hold up play because the Chargers have come out on offense and the Chiefs have come out on defense. [upbeat music] It's under review. Here it is. All turnovers, as you know, get reviewed. After review, the defender did not complete the catch. The ball hit the ground. Therefore, it is an incomplete pass. Will the game clock operator please set the game clock to 9:38, please. 9:38. And it will be second down. I think the most important thing I've taken away here to start this second half for the Chiefs is Mahomes looks a bit unsettled in that pocket. Two, now, forced throws to start this second half. Well, every team, or most teams, anyway, say we've got to keep Mahomes in the pocket. Chargers have done that tonight. They sure have. Quick pass. And that will be a first down as he goes to Noah Gray, number two tight end. And that's a first down. And going back to a bread and butter play, quick slant. Take the back out into the flat. Linebacker clears out because he has to respect the threat to the out onto the edge. Makes it really easy for Mahomes to throw in rhythm there. Maybe that'll get him going. Good protection again. This time it's Smith-Schuster. [whistle blows] They ride him right into the Charger bench, does JC Jackson. So Smith-Schuster, some good years in Pittsburgh. Kind of an underneath guy. When they sent Hill to Miami, they needed an underneath guy. And an over the top guy, and that's why they got Valdes-Scantling from Green Bay. Well, right now Valdes-Scantling is not getting downfield because the Chargers are doing what a lot of teams did last year. They're making Mahomes be patient and have to take what the defense is giving him, which is, again, Nothing downfield at all. Second down and 8. That's caught on the run. And busting his way out of a tackle Edwards-Helaire to the Los Angeles 41-yard line and a first down. And when teams do this, Mahomes is doing what he should do. You've got to have yards after the catch. Blitz the middle linebacker. Easy opening underneath. And it's one thing to catch it. Now you've got to break away from Derwin James, pull away from Drew Tranquill, and pick up some really good yards. So that's the answer, running the football, underneath throws, and then your receivers, and running backs, and tight ends making some things happen and breaking some tackles for you. [calling audible] McKinnon in the backfield. Surveying, pressured. And just flips that one away. And the punter makes the catch on the sideline. Second down. Just a great rush here. Nobody gets out of their lanes. You get a good push here initially in the inside by Morgan Fox. But everybody doing their job. Rumph to the left. Doesn't allow him to break contain. Forces him into the boundary. Just nothing that Mahomes could do. Great group effort rushing as a defensive unit. And very little blitzing. Hardman is back in the game after he limped off. That's fired. And a little bit behind Hardman, who I just mentioned, back in the game. Third and 10. We check in with Kaylee again. Al, Hardman looked to be in a lot of pain when he came limping off the field. But they taped up his left heel. They put some padded heel cuffs right to his skin. We saw him slip that shoe back on, work it out. And as a sprinter, he's going to be on his toes a lot. But changing direction, that's when he's going to be putting more pressure on his heel. Look out for that. Kaylee, he just came off the field. So one play and he says, I need to be checked out here. Justin Watson comes in his place. This time they send an extra man. Mahomes gets away. To the end zone, caught! Watson, touchdown! [firecrackers bursting] He beats Jackson. And this is the guy who comes into the game because Hardman came out of the game on that play. Well, he's got great chemistry with Patrick Mahomes. The difference here is they allowed him to step up in the pocket. This is one-on-one. He turns JC Jackson, the premier corner in the NFL. It's a heck of a route there to get him to turn. But credit the offensive line for giving him enough room to step up. Bosa went wide. We just talked about a team rush. That time they didn't. Ammendola's kick is good to convert. Watson with his first touchdown since he played with the Bucs back in 2019. So they get a break on the overturned interception. Cash in. 17-14. --list. Back to the touchdown we go. Yeah, that's what we just talked about how they rushed as a unit. This time they didn't. You get pressure on the outside. You get a blitz right here. But watch how the lanes open up and allow Mahomes. They haven't been blitzing much. When they do, he makes them pay for it. Look at him look right. Comes back to the left and sees a one-on-one match-up and gets it to Watson. Watch him how he just flips this thing. Typical Mahomes. Give him room, 45 yards, a little flip of the wrist. Touchdown, Chiefs. That's already 7 touchdown passes for him in a game and almost 3/4. Chargers start with Sony Michel as the running back. They used Ekeler, Kelley, and Michel in that role tonight. And the former Patriot and Ram picks up 2. Place coming alive here a little bit on Herbert. They've done a good job of mixing their tempos. He's been under center. He's been in the gun. Different formations. Joe Lombardi calling a heck of a game tonight for this Chargers offense, leaning on Herbert. And they run the hurry up. And that's caught and set a third and short. Chris Jones, the great defensive tackle for Kansas City, haven't really called his name tonight. No, he had the one deflected pass. But I'll tell you, man, the rookie from Boston College, Zion Johnson doing a really good job against one of the top interior players in the League. Zion Johnson. And that will be incomplete. Justin Reid breaks it up. Came over from the Texans. And it's fourth down. We just talked about Zion Johnson going up against Chris Jones. And we wondered coming in how he would hold up. 77 right there in the middle. Gives his quarterback enough time. But give credit to the Chiefs on the back end, anticipating a short throw. And Reid, a veteran, does a nice job of coming up. Times it up perfectly against Gerald Everett. JK Scott sends it into the night air. Fair catch called for, made by Skyy Moore at the 30-yard line. 6:24 left in the third. A 3-point game in Kansas City. --in high school and college. Yeah, what an impressive, sharp young head coach that has a lot of confidence in his team. Great leader. One of the four guys already off the Sean McVay coaching tree. Play fake. Play action. And Valdes-Scantling makes the catch here. And you see this where it's not called in the huddle. They're going to run play with an alert. If he sees a soft corner, how many times have you seen 15 do that? He's just looking at that offensive line. They have no idea that Mahomes is going to pull out of there And instead of running that play, pick up an easy 7 or 8 yards by just flipping it out to your receiver with a soft coverage. Second and 3. Cutting it back. Keeps those legs going. But Edwards-Helaire does not have enough for the first down. So it will be third down about a yard and a half. Chargers coming in tonight trying to make Mahomes and this Chiefs offense one-dimensional. Talked about him earlier, Khalil Mack known for his pass rush ability. 3 sacks last week against the Raiders. But when you talk to him, he is probably more excited and proud to talk about his ability to defend the run than rush the quarterback. Good job of getting down eyes in that backfield and keeping them short of the first. KC 3 of 7 on third down. Mahomes to the air. Throws too high and incomplete. Tried to get that one to Valdes-Scantling. And helping to bust up that play was Kyle Van Noy. Yeah, this is what you've got to deal with. Whether it's Derwin James or Van Noy, you get caught up on third down of the edge, right? What are we going to do about Bosa? And all of a sudden, you've got to deal with this. You've got Mack on the edge, Bosa on the edge. And then you've got Van Noy, who's known as an edge guy in New England, but has been playing off the ball as a middle linebacker Shows you his versatility and he knows how to rush the quarterback. Townsend with his fifth punt. He'll lead the league in punting after this week. Averaging 57.3 tonight, in good measure thanks to that 74-yarder. He boots it a mile high. Fielded at the 9-yard line and fair caught there by Carter. Justin Herbert has done a really good job without Keenan Allen of being able to find Mike Williams. Take a look at our Next Gen Stats powered by AWS. We know that he can make contested catches downfield. But I think he felt a sense of pressure. He's got the big contract coming into this year. What's he been able to do? Win one-on-one matchups. Find the soft spot in the zone. And of course, comes up with that touchdown. He's had a heck of a night. And he's going to have to finish strong if the Chargers want to get out of here with a win. That last punt by Townsend, 53 yards. Backs him up to the 9-yard line to begin this drive. Under 5 to play in the third. And Herbert has to get it away in a hurry because that's the rookie out of Purdue, George Karlaftis, who forced that issue. These coaches love what they have seen from the rookie in camp. They think that he has a chance to be a major contributor and add depth. Eventually could become the guy. Watch his discipline to stay home. Knows there's that threat of the boot coming to the backside. Gets right into the face there of Herbert. Nothing Herbert can do other than just throw that ball away. Big fella out of Purdue. Now the crowd totally into it. Off the fake. Look out from behind. Gets it away. Broken up. Sneed came in from the corner and helped to break that play up. It's third down and 10. Yeah, he wanted to throw that ball initially to the outside to Palmer, who was coming in motion. Got him out in the flat. He pumped, pumped. But I think just the presence of Watson prevented him from pulling the trigger. Snap it quickly to try to neutralize that crowd noise. Look out. But he gets out of the end zone. And Chris Jones is there. So Jones makes his biggest play of the night. And now he can't beat the rookie, so they move him to the other side against Feiler. And this is what you're used to seeing. Oh, my gosh! The sudden movement from a man of his size at 6' 6". Well, he used to eat nothing but junk food. Then he told us he's eating healthy. He's a foodie right now. He's lean. He's giving us this play-by-play yesterday. I bought it, too, until I saw him on a McDonald's commercial on the news last night. Short kick. Fair caught up at the 35-yard line by Skyy Moore. So you had JK Scott with a short kick. He was pinned up against the back line of the end zone. [inaudible] And your punting game. Two three and outs in a row for the Chargers. Now you give Mahomes incredible field position here. And you would say you're in field goal shape right now with Butker. But who knows with Ammendola? Two tight ends in this set. Pressure put on from behind. And that's incomplete. He had Khalil Mack coming the great circle route to force him. You know who has had a quiet night and you expect that to maybe change is Kelce. Usually in these situations in the game, this is where Mahomes starts to look for 87, right? Even if Derwin James, who's a great match-up. If James is on him, he's got to get separation. He's got to win. But I wouldn't be shocked here on this drive, late in the game, he's been quiet, try to get him going here. Only 3 catches for 33 yards. Second down and 10. They flare it out to Edwards-Helaire. And that is read beautifully by Asante Samuel Jr. Dad of course played for many years with New England and Philadelphia. Had a great career. Sitting back again with two safeties back deep. Puts a lot of pressure on these corners to have to react and make plays up close and make tackles. Big emphasis this week by Brandon Staley. We're going to sit and make everything go in front. But we cannot allow them to catch the ball and get yards after the catch. Put a lot on these linebackers and corners to make plays like that. Hardman is back in the game for the Chiefs. Mahomes stepping up, fires. And that's low. And is it caught? They say yes, by Hardman. Brought it in. Well designed play with a spacing from Andy Reid to give Mahomes a chance. And Hardman is able to sit in here. Sits back. Just kind of sits right here, right in between. You've got all this spacing. You've got a linebacker. You've got the nickel. You've got this corner. Everybody spread out creates a nice hole there. And Hardman just settles in just a yard or two past the sticks. And Mahomes puts it right on him for the first. Needed 10. Got 11. 2 and 1/2 to go. Empty backfield. Go four by one. Four receivers up at the top. And you've got a flag here. Delay of game, offense. 5-yard penalty. First down. A first and 15 now. Andy Reid, a beautiful mind. A beautiful football mind. He's worked some magic through the years. I mean, last week, they came out in Arizona, he's running plays you've never seen before. Yeah, I mean, he obviously has that West Coast background. But he's so willing to change and adjust his scheme. Mahomes rolling against the grain. It's juggled and pulled in by Watson, who scored the touchdown to make it a 17-14 game. Usually when you see stacked receivers, you think the man behind has that cushion. But here, look at that throw again. Shortstop making a play. Ground ball over the pitcher. He goes over the shortstop, makes that throw, flips it. He'd have been a great baseball player. His father, of course, pitched for years. Many of those with the Twins. I think he and Herbert, their first love was baseball. It sounds like it, yeah. Used to be. Yeah, well, yeah. Until at least Pat signed his contract. Gets away. Throws. Finds the open man. You're talking about Kelce! And he gets down at the 2. Did the ball come out? Did the ball come out before the tackle? Meanwhile, it's in the end zone. And it's Bryce Callahan who comes up with the ball. So Kelce trying to work his way into the end zone. And they're going to call him down by contact. Well, Derwin James-- --first down. --picked him up and body slammed him to the ground. And when his body hit the ground is when the ball popped up. So that's why they're going to call him down. He lifts him up-- that's a big man-- throws him down. And now the Chiefs want to go tempo. They're at the line of scrimmage ready to go. They don't want to challenge. They don't want it to be looked at. [cheers, applause] He should be Friday night WWE. [laughs] That was a-- he looked like he enjoyed doing that, Derwin James. Yes, he did. McKinnon. Can he get to the goal line? Second down and goal with a little over a minute to play in the third. Good push up in the middle there, Creed Humphrey. Linebackers coming down here. I mean, it's Derwin James picking up a big man and body-slamming him. Clearly he's down. The ground caused that fumble. Gives you an idea of the strength of number 3. Tremendous. Second and goal. Mahomes to the end zone. And broken up in the end zone by Asante Samuel. Had his eyes set on Jody Fortson, the tight end. Samuel breaks it up. Yeah, 6' 4" tight end who has wide receiver background. But if you're going to go with this match-up because of the size, surprised he didn't put it up into the air. He threw that on a line. And the quickness of Samuel gave him a chance to jump on that football. You get a guy isolated against a smaller corner, you've got to put it a little bit more touch up in the air A little shovel pass. And it's complete but not to the goal line. That's Kelce. They got a shovel pass touchdown last week to Edwards-Helaire. So now do you take the automatic tie? Or do you go for the touchdown here? Booyah. They have the whole intermission to think about it because that will be the end of the third quarter. Good going at least for the moment. Ammendola is in to try to tie the game. Big discussion there. But they elect to go to tie it up. So the newly acquired rental kicker sends that one right down the middle. And we are tied up. The kick is bouncing through the end zone. And then it'll fly to Kyle Field-- There you go. --after the game. What a weekend. Oop, we've got a late flag here. We got a flag down. Meanwhile, coaches 100 games over .500, Shula, Halas, they finished over .500. Belichick way over now. Landry and Lambeau were over but finished under 100 over .500, if you know what I mean. I'm sure you do. After the play was over, personal foul, number 6 of the kicking team. That 15-yard penalty will be enforced from the 25-yard line. The rookie out of Cincinnati loses his cool here. Bryan Cook. Yeah, this is what you've got to learn is, hopefully come into the League already, knowing it's 57. Boom! A little push there. It wasn't malicious, but it was well after the whistle and an easy call. And Chargers will say thank you very much. They'll start at the 40 after that. Second round pick who was known as a hard-hitter in college, but do it before the whistle sounds. So the Chargers now from the 40-yard line. You've got Storm Norton coming into the game at right tackle. They're shifting around on that offensive front. And they start with the play fake. Herbert has to dance away under pressure. Throws to Ekeler. Escapes the tackle behind the line of scrimmage. Turns it into a short gain. Here's Karlaftis, the rookie out of Purdue. He just throws Ekeler away. And then he's trying to get pressure. One thing you think of Mahomes and his athletic ability, but Justin Herbert, at 6' 6", he doesn't just sit in the pocket. He's dangerous and can get outside if you don't keep the edge of the defense. Sees this pressure right here from Sneed. Sneed backs off. A little flip out to Ekeler. Dances his way. And he gets hogtied. Close to a first down, short-- So shifting around up front. Meanwhile, on a third and short, they move the chains here on an Ekeler 3 or 4-yard pickup. Good push there on the left side, the offensive line. Mike Danna kind of took himself out of the play. And then you had a double team inside and just opened that up there on third and short. It's a big drive here for the Chargers. Trying to locate that rhythm that Joe Lombardi had earlier. Remember, we just mentioned, they went two straight three and outs with poor field position. Now much better here starting at their own 40. What will the grandson of Vince send in here? Swings it to the outside. Joshua Palmer makes the catch and slips out of bounds after a short gain. Now Herbert's trying to take a page out of Patrick Mahomes. Steve Spagnuolo sitting back in coverage. Forcing him to go underneath. No more Mike Williams shots is what Spags is saying. I don't want to see that ball thrown downfield. Make him throw underneath. Let's rally to the ball. Herbert 20 of 29, 197. Flip it out to the motion man, Carter. Tightropes the sideline and stays inbounds long enough to pick up the first down. Nice move. He motions Carter. Nobody responds. Nobody runs with him. So if they would have run with him, it would have been man-to-man. He would have handed that ball off. Nobody runs with him, so he aborts that run, flips it outside to Carter where he's got two-on-two for blocking. And it allows Carter to pick up a first down. Well designed play there. And it gave the quarterback Herbert the option of the handoff or the throw. Read it perfectly. Herbert, progressions. Caught at the 31-yard line. Gerald Everett. Tackled there by Fenton. Everett with the Rams when Staley was there. Went to Seattle for one year. And now he's back with Staley. Herbert, again, just kind of working through those progressions, showing his patience. He wants to go to the right. Comes off one, comes off two. Steps up and eventually finds that third option. And he works through his progressions as fast as anybody in the NFL and throws with accuracy. On a roll. Open. And Everett barrels his way inside the 5 to set up a first down and goal. Well, how about this. You go play action. The linebackers are completely lost on this. Gives the ball out to Everett. Nobody's there to slow him down. Picks up that momentum. Big guy to bring down. Again, quick tempo. And picked off at the 1-yard line! That is Watson out in front. Sneed to protect him as well. All the way for the touchdown. Unreal! Wow! What a play here. Watch what happens when you use outside leverage. He sits to the outside. And that's what Herbert sees. It's a top of the route. He thinks he's got a chance to throw to the inside. And instead of being able to put it there, it's jumped. Great job by a rookie in Watson to step in front of that throw where Herbert thought he had the leverage to work it back to the inside. Not only a rookie, a seventh round draft choice because of the injury to McDuffie in the backfield. One of the reasons he's probably active for tonight's game. Ammendola. 99 yards. 24-17. What is your career highlight, Jaylen? [laughs] No doubt about it. He gets a touchdown. Offensively, their touchdown was scored by Justin Watson. No relation. Sherlock Holmes must be in the neighborhood tonight. No doubt. [chuckles] Yet another Watson touchdown. So the Chargers get it back. The Chiefs have scored 17 unanswered points. He's tired. He's gassed. They're going tempo. You can see he wants out of the game. He's like, all right, he's going to stay in. And he ends up becoming a pivotal part of this because he's lined up. He's walking to the flat. There's 35 right there, kind of baiting Herbert. Watson, I'm outside, I'm outside. Jumps to the inside. You might say whose fault is that? Is it Everett? Is it Herbert? It's a miscommunication. Quarterback thought that he would work back inside with outside leverage from the defensive back. And he ended up moving the wrong direction. That's why they're talking on the sideline to get on the same page. And 99 yards. As [inaudible] said 99 and 1/2. Herbert, backs up. Short gain here. Caught by Austin Ekeler. Tackled there by Willie Gay with a little over 10 to play in regulation. You look at all the quarterbacks in the NFL. Everybody talks about Josh Allen, and they should. Talk about Mahomes. You talk about Joe Burrow. You talk about Lamar Jackson. And you talk about Justin Herbert. They played great tonight. That pick six costly. 10 minutes to go. You want to be in that conversation as a quarterback? This is where you've got to show that on the road. Keep it on the ground again. Fighting his way to create a third and short. Ekeler tackled by Darius Harris. Remember, they just had a heck of a drive starting at their own 40. Mixed up the pass. Brandon Staley has got to be happy with the way Herbert and Lombardi are working in sync. Got to convert on this third down. They are 4 of 11 on third down tonight. 4 of 12 now. Chris Jones, the foodie, who snacks at McDonald's. Well, they walk up Willie Gay to create that one-on-one match-up. You see Gay just to the left of Jones. We've said he's had a quiet night. Well, he gets off the ball so suddenly. He just overpowers Feiler, the left guard. Nothing he can do. By the time he came out of his stance, 95 reminding everybody how dominant he is in this defense. Having a quiet night until the fourth quarter. All that healthy eating lets him take over in the fourth quarter. No question. Stamina, baby. And now you've got a flag before the snap. Illegal snap infraction, offense, number 47. Fourth down. That's Josh Harris, illegal snap infraction. Yeah, I think he just moved right before the snap. And he's one of the top long snappers in the League. They were able to pick him up. But cost them 5 more yards. [crowd singing] Scott. Angled toward the near side. Flag is thrown. Caught at the 30. And Skyy Moore to the 35. Get the call here from John Hussey. There it is right there. Has to get back in. That's Ja'Sir Taylor. During the kick, personal foul, receiving team, number 6. Blocking a member of the kicking team out of bounds. That 15-yard penalty will be enforced from the end of the kick. Timeout. Well, that's on Bryan Cook, who's having a night to forget as the second round draft choice. Gets two 15-yard penalties. 24-17, Kansas City. Meanwhile, KC has it at the 15-yard line to start this drive. Trying to hold on to the lead. Take a little clock with it as well, if they can. Edwards-Helaire for a gain of about 4. Patrick Mahomes has had to really earn it tonight. Like we saw last year, he's done it in a lot of different areas. He's moving the launch angle because of that pressure. There's the infamous Mahomes sidearm on the run. Doing such a good job here, especially late being able to find some playmakers. Justin Watson made a big play for him. Kelce made a big play for him. Halfway through the fourth quarter. Second down and 7. Little dump off. Edwards-Helaire, room to roam. First down and about 6 more yards. Tackled by Derwin James. And one way to slow down Bosa is to throw a screen on his side. Let him get upfield and see if you can get a convoy behind him. Nobody really necessarily picks up the block. But there's Bosa. Wily little spin move. Bait him in and then flip it out there to Edwards-Helaire. And a lot of room for him to work behind Bosa. On the ground to McKinnon again. Not seeing the Chiefs out there a lot tonight offensively. You think of the firepower. You think of Mahomes. Andy Reid has, again, had to be patient. They've have the pick six. But only 45 plays with 6 and 1/2 minutes to go in the game. Being patient right now, too. I mean, there's a long way to go, obviously. But run that clock down. No rush. Keep the clock moving. Which he does with great proficiency as always. Takes the play clock all the way to 2. Second down and 6. And that time, it's Kyle Van Noy close to a pick. Third down and 6. You could hear the cadence from Mahomes talking about alert and alert and making some adjustments. He's thinking potential pressure. And he's starting to think about I've got to get the ball out. James is coming from my left, and they don't. So they disguise it. He's thinking about a crosser might be open. And it almost backfires on him. They show pressure. They bail. And he puts it right into the coverage. Exactly what Brandon Staley wanted. Van Noy almost comes up with a pick. Also getting a little bit of the jersey. Chargers put the pressure on. Pass is incomplete and overthrown on that one. You got Valdes-Scantling covered by Asante Samuel. So exactly what the Chargers needed. Get him off the field. Tell you, Asante Samuel is having a night. They are not getting behind him. He is playing with poise. Instincts are on fire tonight. Getting his eyes turned. Locating the football. Heck of a night for 26. Almost had that pick, which, that would have been gigantic. Tommy Townsend, sixth punt of the night. Carter calls for the fair catch. And the Chargers get the ball at the 15-yard line. We've been talking a lot. Big expectations for Chris Jones this year just playing inside. Had a quiet first half. But starting to move around. Was on the offensive line's right side against the rookie. Johnson is working now to the left. Spagnuolo doing a good job of moving him around. He's so effective not only against the run, but as we see, also against the pass. You've got to believe late in the game, just under 6:00 minutes to go, keep an eye on the interior of the Chiefs, especially when Herbert's back there throwing. He's a disruptor. Picked in the second round back in 2016 out of Mississippi State. Herbert surveys. Checks it off. And Ekeler drops it. Took his eyes off and looked downfield. A little changeup here from Steve Spagnuolo. He always does such a good job of being multiple. That time showed a little bit of pressure, but instead, he just rushes three. Drops eight into coverage. Even if he catches that ball, there's two defenders waiting on Ekeler. Williams wide left with Fenton on him. Pass over the middle into a tight window, as the saying goes. And that's Everett making the grab. And that sets up a third down and short. So what do Staley and Lombardi do here? Third down and 2. What's the call? Oh, please. Herbert, look out. Fires and that's caught. And once again, it's Everett. So under pressure darting, and dancing, and stepping up in the pocket and down he goes. And Herbert needs some help in getting up. Holding his rib cage. And uh-oh. Mike Danna hit him as he released the ball. Put his shoulder pads right into his chest and then came down on him. Does a good job, as he always does, working the progressions. But here you see, wrapped up right as he releases it. And he comes down. So every Charger fan holds their breath. The backup quarterback is the well-traveled and 13-year veteran Chase Daniel. Clean hit by Danna. So they work on Herbert, as Daniel warms up. That's him walking off. He goes to the bench. Right now he is standing on the sideline, helmet on, and appears to be ready to come in after one play. But he has to sit out for at least one play. Chase Daniel is the backup quarterback. Played his college ball at Missouri. Been in the League 13 seasons. This is his seventh team. So at least for one play, Daniel comes in. Sony Michel is the back. And they give it to Michel on a first down. And he gets hogtied at the 39-yard line. And now Herbert is going to come back into the game. Go to a veteran quarterback. Gets under center. Simple handoff. And now you get your guy back into the lineup. And they pick up some positive yards. I mean, second and 6. You talk about a heart-in-your-throat moment for anybody in the Charger organization. Of course, I did a game once when they carted Aaron Rodgers off the field and he came back and he won the game after being down by 20. Never know. High drama. Herbert to the-- oh! And that one is deflected off the hands. And again, Herbert goes down. Takes another shot this time from Frank Clark. Helped up by Slater. It's going to be third down and 6. Again, another clean hit. Clark coming from our right. Hits him as he releases that ball. Actually makes that throw-- how often do you It's because of the pressure he felt. And the Chiefs almost come away with an interception. Well, Herbert's going to stay in. Obviously in pain. He slid off to the side of the huddle for a minute. And you've got a big third and 6 with 4:00 minutes to play. Can he convert? And he's lucky it wasn't picked by Bolton. So he goes to the bench. Fourth down and 6 and they have to punt. And I circle Mike Williams because you've got to think he's going to get the ball. And I think the Chiefs and everybody watching, everybody in the stadium thought he's going to get the ball. Look at this, he predetermines where to go with the ball. I know he can throw it into tight windows. That is tight coverage. He's had such success with Williams tonight. And I don't think he reads this one. Sky-high punt. Caught at the 9-yard line by Skyy Moore. So the Chargers have all of their timeouts. You also have the 2-minute warning. And you have 3:55 on the clock. Next week we go to Cleveland. --nasty. Be good. Two-hour drive between the cities. Chiefs now on first down. Protecting the ball and getting out in front Edwards-Helaire! But there's a flag down. A flag is down. And so is Helaire. I thought they-- Both arms around the ball but a penalty flag. I thought they grabbed-- --21-yard line. Looked like they may have grabbed his face mask. But you're right, he was not going Personal foul, face mask, defense, number 13. That penalty will be added to the end of the run. This is a unique face mask with a shield. It's hard to get a hold of that one. But a really good job late in the game. Trey Smith there, 65. He gets to that second level. I'm telling you, he is a physical runner. There's a hand there by Derwin James. The left hand gets locked up. But boy, just like that, they're all the way inside the 20-yard line. Well, he had a 52-yard run. 7-point game. 3:45. Ball down to the 18-yard line now. Time to chew up some clock here for the Chiefs. Andy Reid and Patrick Mahomes absolutely now no hurry. Very least you want to force the Chargers to use all their timeouts here. There's the first. --the road. But every team in the division but the winner of this game is going to have a loss. Second down and 9 from the 17. Pressure. And the pass is incomplete. The crowd wants a flag. None available. Adderley covering Valdes-Scantling. It'll be third down and 9. At the top of the route, I think that's what Mahomes, and this crowd, and even Andy Reid is looking at. [crowd booing] Adderley off to the left on the inside. Once he breaks to the outside, 24 gets a hold of him. At the end, he puts his hands up. But I think he may have gotten away with one there. Small break for the Chargers that stops the clock. Don't have to use another timeout. Third down and 9. A dart caught at the 14. Now the field goal team will come in to try to make this a two-possession game. Catch made by JuJu Smith-Schuster. And Staley will use his second timeout. And there's been three real big plays in this game. We talked about how the Chargers had moved the ball all the way down to the 3-yard line. And then this throw with the miscommunication and the pick six. And then we started to see Chris Jones make himself felt. Last time they had the ball, just forcing it in to Mike Williams hoping that he could come up with it. And the ball really didn't have much of a chance, throwing it into coverage. Matt Ammendola to try to make this a 10-point game. He's been good tonight. With the Jets last year, not very good. Got released. Was out on the street last week. Saw him in preseason with the Texans when Fairbairn was injured. And now trying to, as a rental kicker, give them a 10-point lead. 32-yard attempt. Bangs it through. Welcome to Kansas City. Yeah! New hero. So it's 27-17. And 20 straight points now for Kansas City, as Herbert is still on the mend. And he's talking to the backup, Chase Daniel, just kind of pointing to where maybe he's feeling some of that pain. He's going to warm up. Give it a go again. 3:20. He doesn't look comfortable. No, not at all. No, he does not look comfortable. The good news for Herbert is at least he's got an extra half a week to get ready for week 3 because of the Thursday Night game. Meanwhile, you've got the run back here up to the 27-yard line by DeAndre Carter with 3:16 on the clock. Even look at him just jogging onto the field, right? He definitely is fighting through some pain here. He's got the one timeout, the 2-minute warning. And they've already gone a lot of tempo tonight. But they're really going to have to crank it up They've got to get points on the board and get the ball back. And now you've got a defense that's going to be coming after him. Ekeler. A little bit of room. And a lot of good moves there to take it out close to midfield. Such a great part of this offense. It's not just the passing game with the receivers. It's the tight ends. It's Ekeler out of the backfield. He makes something that looked like a 3-yard gain into a huge play. Under 3:00 now to go. Again, it's Ekeler underneath. Second and 4. Steve Spagnuolo, the defensive coordinator Nothing cheap. They want to throw underneath to Ekeler. We're going to give that up and rally to that football. Just nothing can get behind us with Mike Williams, 81. Williams huge first half. Only 2 catches in the second half. Herbert again to the outside. And that'll be a little short of the first down. Sneed is right there tackling Joshua Kelley. It'll be third down and 2. Not only do you not pick up the first down, but you don't get the ball out of bounds. The clock keeps moving. You've got two plays here, obviously, to pick up the first. Third and a long 1 they call it now. Pump fake. You can tell that he's in such pain right there he can barely get rid of it. That was very, very strange to see Herbert, who could have walked another couple yards and picked up a first down. Gives you an idea. Yeah, he can't even throw it. I mean, he's in pain. Yeah, he could have run, and slid, and picked up the first down, right? Of course. Trying to gut it out. Can he keep it alive? Fires it. Caught inside the 10-yard line by DeAndre Carter! So there is Herbert again with that fourth down magic. And that's going to take us to the 2-minute warning with 1:58. Well, this is what makes Herbert one of the elite quarterbacks, is he just decided not to run on third down. And he comes back with an absolute dart on fourth down. Could not have handled the ball any better to Carter on that throw. That was tight coverage. Oh, it's amazing. Because the play before that, he can't run. He can't throw either. I mean, it was an awkward pass. And then he goes back and he throws a dart down the middle to keep them in the game. It's like a boxer on the ropes late in a fight. These are some of the hits he's taken in this second half alone. You can see his face. I mean, he's uncomfortable. I think it's not one hit. It's been a combination of three or four different hits. But to be able to withstand that, and stand in there with pressure, and make that throw tells you everything you need to know about this kid's heart. It's like out of a movie, or at least a made-for-TV one anyway. 1:58. Chargers have one timeout. Ekeler tries to stay in, but he does. In a way, you want to get out of bounds. But then, again, he was trying to pick up extra yardage. He's tackled there by Willie Gay. Clock keeps moving. Chargers 3 for 3 on fourth down tonight. Right now second down and goal. Herbert fires. Too high. Incomplete. Intended for Palmer. I don't understand why the clock didn't stop. I mean, he got thrown out of bounds. The official came in. He ruled him inside. Yeah, look at this. Here's Gay. I mean, [inaudible]? You tell me. Terry, quickly, what do you think? Al, he ruled forward progress. It's not. It didn't look like it to me. It should have been a stopped clock. Third and goal. Herbert. Does he have more magic? Not on that play. Ekeler taken down by Gay. And here we go again. Clock will roll. Fourth and goal. Here we go. More magic on fourth down. Yes! Joshua Palmer. [chuckles] Herbert is unbelievable. Unbelievable! So poised. Just will not go away. Remember, he tried to force one in earlier. Tried to get the ball into Mike Williams. This time don't even think about it. Just kind of works back to the back side to Palmer. Looks left, comes back, and then finds that nice opening in the back of that defense. Palmer. Look at his eyes creeping back. I think he knew all along he could get it to him. Never seen a crowd go from 147 decibels to 3. So now it's 27 to 24. You're compelled to try an onside kick here. Well, you have to. Only the one timeout. Come down to that. --a very big man. Keep telling him you may get a call. You may get a call. He told me his phone is off the hook. He didn't really say that. I think all those guys and girls are enjoying the TV. Absolutely. So now you've got an onside kick here. Of course, the Chiefs anticipating it. Only have one guy back in case it's a bouncing ball down the middle of the field. And Hopkins, who was with Washington last year. Chargers, with these, as I mentioned before and several times through the years, gigantic kicking woes over the last decade. Can he execute the onside and keep them in the game? Success rate 17% in the League last year. A little bouncing ball. And it's loose! And a pileup for it. Who's got it on the bottom of it? Who's at the bottom. Kansas City. Looked like Noah Gray might have gotten underneath there. He wants to make sure. He says, listen, here it is. --reset the game clock-- Here's the evidence. --1:09, please. 1:09. If you're a Chargers fan, you're thinking, ooh, baby. It's loose! Great job by Gray. That ball was out there. What an effort tonight by Herbert, right? Again, and another excruciating defeat, as it was last year in Las Vegas at the end of the season when they could have had the tie on the-- --run out here and the Kansas City Chiefs go to Arizona Beat their nemesis tonight. Andy Reid is now 100 games over .500. Sixth head coach in League history to get to that point, 235-135 and 1. And at least Justin Herbert will have the extra three days to get ready for the Chargers' next game. It's obviously early. But you've got a feeling that these two teams, along with Buffalo, are three of the more impressive-looking teams we've seen in the first couple of games in the NFL. Long way to Arizona. Spagnuolo telling Herbert, man-- Stud. --you are a stud. They played the Jaguars at home a week from Sunday. Meanwhile, Kansas City goes to Indianapolis week 3 and then at the Buccaneers in a Sunday night game in week 4. This was the Play of the Game, the rookie, Watson. Watson. Here's Mahomes. Way to go, pal, he says to the kid. Herbert tries to bring them back. Again, magic to keep the game going. The onside, almost, almost, almost. But nope, no cigar. 27 to 24. Stick with us, Prime Video. The gang will take it from Kansas City after these messages.