[music playing] FedEx Field. The coaches. First of all, the ways to watch. We can tell you other ways to watch Prime Vision with Next Gen Stats. That broadcast on Spanish with TNF En Espanol. Everybody's always talking about a coach on the hot seat. You lose 14 in a row, obviously the seat is very hot. Matt Eberflus second year, mark of 3 and 18, trying to get into the wind column tonight. His counterpart, Ron Rivera. He's coaching in his fourth season here, formerly at Carolina. And, of course, he played for the Chicago Bears and was part of the great Bears teams in the mid '80s. Two quarterbacks, of course, you've got Justin Fields, who was a first rounder, in his third season, and this could be a season to determine very much what his future will be as he comes to midfield for the coin toss. Sam Howell, a fifth round pick. Normally, a fifth round pick is not a guy you think is going to be a franchise quarterback. You can only hope. Ron Rivera after his only start a year ago as a rookie that last game against Dallas came out in January and said this is our guy. We're moving forward into next year. I a lot of people thought they may potentially draft another quarterback. Instead, they went with Sam Howell. Now four games in, he showed some signs of-- Commanders fans being very excited about his potential in this new scheme, and we'll see how he gets off tonight out to a good start. They had Carson Wentz. Taylor Heinicke did a decent job. He's gone. So then this season, it was a matter of whether Jacoby Brissett, who they picked up, or Howell win the job in mid-August. The job belongs to Howell. Boy, he has demonstrated a lot of poise here in his last couple of weeks. Buffalo got after him for 9 sacks. He bounced back against Philly and showed a lot of poise in a loss, a close loss to the Eagles on the road. Nice night just outside the District of Columbia. Temperature is 70 degrees, light breeze. Joey Slye to kick off. Velus Jones back to receive at FedEx Field, home of this franchise since 1997. [cheering] Week 5 is underway with a touchback. So Fields coming off his best performance of his career last week, certainly in the first half, and then the second half a whole other story with a very costly fumble, an interception. But overall, there were the numbers, 4 TDs, the pick, only 25 rushing yards for a guy who's been in triple figures on occasion. Yeah. Last year, over 1,000 yards rushing. And you know what we saw last week is he made quick decisions. They got him out on the edge. They threatened with his legs and he was able to complete his first 16 passes. They got him in rhythm early. Likes to line up as is the case here in the pistol. The fake to Herbert. Retreats, has time, goes deep, and off the hands of Darnell Mooney, who'd beaten his man. So Mooney got out in front. Just couldn't handle it, and it'll be second down and 10. Well, this offensive line, obviously like most, performed better when they have a chance to be first and 10 play action. You see you get one on one opportunity, a clean pocket, takes a shot, and just can't quite hit his number one target a year ago, Darnell Mooney. But this is what they're looking for, Luke Getsy. Love the call here, taking that shot. He had him one on one and he got behind coverage. Beat Kendall Fuller. Keep it on the ground. Herbert goes nowhere. Montez Sweat making the tackle there. It'll be third down and 9. So another guy under the gun has been Luke Getsy, the Bears offensive coordinator. He, again, trying to in a way revamp what Fields does and what the offense does. Just trying to find that rhythm, keeping in mind they've got a rookie right tackle and their two starters on the left side over these last couple of weeks, left guard and left tackle not playing. So it's made it tougher to get Fields into that rhythm. They go 3 by 1 here. Mooney in motion. That's a great front four for Washington, but the line does it job. And open and making the catch inside the 30-yard line, DJ Moore. So they misfire on the first one but hit the second one. Line did its job, Fields stayed in the pocket, 57 yards over Benjamin St-Juste. The pocket, when the pocket is clean, like any quarterback, Justin Fields especially, he's growing as a pocket quarterback. You see how clean the pocket is there. What he does is he do a good job of reading the safety coming down. Once he saw the safety come down, realized he had a one on one opportunity, St-Juste. gets it lost in coverage, and he makes 'em pay. 58 yards officially, longest completion of the season. Moore came over in the trade. Meanwhile, a timeout is taken here just a minute and a half into the game. So he'll go to the bench, discuss it with Getsy. But you've got to-- hey, what do you have to lose? You're 0 and 4, you start with a bomb, misfire, you come back with another bomb and you hit it. It shows the confidence that they have in him, and this looks like a safety that's going to drop, right? With the snap of the ball, he comes down. Justin Fields recognizes that. Once he starts to sink, now he knows. He recognizes that. Now he knows he's got exactly what he wants. As I said, St-Juste, 25, just kind of gets lost there in coverage. You don't know if that's a bust or what, but obviously he should not be running free like that on third down. It's a 1-2 punch. That's right. Fields to Moore. Herbert the back. [play call] Fields under center. Herbert, nothing. Again, you're going up against that front four of Washington. You got Allen, you got Payne, you got Sweat, and you got Young, all of them number one draft choices. Even John Ridgeway, who's out there pushing people around, I mean, they can consume offensive linemen, allows their linebackers to get downhill. It really frees up the back end when you have a dominant front like that for Jack Del Rio, the defensive coordinator. Second and 10 from the 16-yard line. Fields, look out. Under pressure. Down he goes 21-yard line. Montez Sweat coming in. That's his fourth sack of the season, setting up third and long. This is their fear. You think you're going to have to chip tonight against these ends. Wright is just a rookie. He's trying to hold on for dear life against a very underrated defensive end. People talk a lot about Chase Young, Daron Payne, Jonathan Allen. Sometimes, you overlook the game-changing ability of Montez Sweat against the run, and here getting that great pass rush off the edge. 18 sacks, second most in the league. Third and 14. Four-man rush again. Fields to the end zone. Moore, touchdown. So Fields, who had the big first half last week, 20 yards here, down the field they go, 4 catches, 2 passes, 6 plays, 75 yards in a little less than three minutes, and Chicago draws first blood. But watch Percy Butler, the safety. When you have a vertical receiver against two safeties that are high, the linebackers got to be able to get vertical. Watch the safety be influenced here, and that creates the opening to the outside. Again, give Justin Fields a lot of credit. That throw should not be there if the safety is doing his job. And again, he makes him pay on the back end. Extra point by Cairo Santos is good, and just like that on Thursday night Chicago, 7, Washington, Some people just know what road to take. Those are the people who to choose Allstate. The surface road is faster. Turn left. Not happening. He knows better than any GPS, and he'd point you in Allstate's direction. Go all the way down the road past the big gray warehouse. You're not from around here, so you don't know the back roads. I don't want to be late for the party. I'm going to save us five minutes. You're on the fastest route. Those are the people who know safe drivers save 40% with Allstate. Critics everywhere agree The Creator is the best film of the year. Joshua, take care of it. It's visually stunning and a cinematic masterpiece. I promise to keep us safe. See this film on the biggest screen possible. The Creator, Rated PG-13 and now playing. (RAPPING) We got London on the track. This means I'm war-ready. We come face to face. So if we going to play, we going to play for keeps. We ain't going to stop. We're going to protect this house. Win it out. We protect this house. In the trunk, we're going to protect this house. Against the clout, we're going to protect this house. This month, join the new Subway MVP Rewards Program and get rewarded. Get 50% off any footlong when you join Subway MVP Rewards. So many all-star options. It's just for Subway MVPs, right? You catch on quick, Herbert. Join now and get 50% off any footlong. [whistle blowing] People don't always know how to ask for help, but I believe if we can help we should help. OK, here we go. I got this. I'm good, Tim. Keep her coming. Hey, we're going to finish this thing, all right? Me and you together. Sometimes people need help asking for help. Righty tighty. That's not coming off. Pickle jar is stuck again. Do you need help, Barry? Only for Prime members. Family Fright Night is on Prime Video this Halloween with hit movies like Hotel Transylvania 4 in one app, one password. Find your Halloween happy place on Prime Video. God forbid we ever get booked into the Hotel Transylvania 4. Anyway, there's your United States Capitol. An interesting thing happened after the coin toss. Normally, teams defer almost all the time these days. Chicago won the toss, elected to receive. They're going to be aggressive right from the start. They proved that on that first drive. I mean, they really went after it, continue to trust their quarterback, Justin Fields. You can see why, the potential. It's never been about his physical ability. It's just trying to get him to fit into this scheme and the scheme to fit into his skill set. That's why you get excited about the potential of what he can do. All right, our first look right now. Sam Howell played his college ball at North Carolina, picked in the fifth round. They liked him as a sophomore. I mean, Ron Rivera telling us about how good he looked. Comes out after his junior year. We mentioned not often do you find a franchise quarterback in the fifth. Sometimes, you do find him in the sixth round out of Michigan though. [laughter] Start from the 25 out of the gun. On the ground plowing ahead. Nice run there. Brian Robinson their leading ground-gainer picking up 6. It'll be second down and 4. And Howell is an interesting story. Those first two years at North Carolina in that system, He had a lot of talent around him, a lot of NFL talent around him. They all left after his second year. So his third year, he's breaking in a lot of new people around him, and his production dipped down, and that's why I think he slid down. But this guy has a ton of ability and plays a tremendous poise. 92 TDs in three years with the Tar Heels, and that should be a first down on a pass here to the tight end, Logan Thomas. See where they spot it. They're going to spot it just a little bit short of the 35-yard line. So third down and short now. Stevenson covering on the play. I think with Ron Rivera, he wanted to find a quarterback that could just be a distributor, a guy that processes quickly and can get the ball out to the wealth of talent that they have on the perimeter in the backfield. And they feel that Howell can be that guy. Good receivers. Terry McLaurin is terrific. They have Jahan Dotson, Curtis Samuel. Thomas can catch, as he did on the last play, and he's stuffed in the backfield. So on third and short, Andrew Billings, number 97, envelops Robinson. And it's fourth down. Nick Gates, the center, just gets dominated here by Billings in his quickness. He works to the left and just loses his balance. And I tell you what, Billings does flash on film. He's a he's an undersized guy, 311 pounds. So he's got a great lower body strength to be able to show a kind of quickness he has, but he shot that gap there. That was a heck of a play. Fourth and 2. Tress Way comes in. Trent Taylor standing back at his own 20 for Chicago. Taylor backs up, fields at the 15, runs it back about 11 yards, and that's where Fields will set up shop as we look at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue on this Thursday night outside the Nation's Capitol. DraftKings, you're spoiling me now with these big payouts. Retired NFL smart guy Ryan Fitzpatrick, break it down for us. Just place your bet and the bonus bets instantly appear in your account like magic, like Fitzmagic. That's too much magic. Want to turn $5 into $200 instantly and bonus bets? Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app because life's more fun when you're in on the action. The crown is yours. This week only at Domino's, get unlimited for 50% off when you order online. Choose any size pizza you want, any crust you want, Oh, and any number of pizzas you want too. Get 50% off your perfect pizza or pizzas this week only at Domino's. Theo's nose was cause for alarm, so dad brought Puffs Plus lotion to save it from harm. Puffs has 50% more lotion and brings soothing relief. Don't get burned by winter nose. A nose in need deserves Puffs indeed, America's number one lotion tissue. (SINGING) To you. I wish for the amazing new iPhone 15 Pro. Sean, do you mean this one, the one with titanium? No way. I can trade this busted up thing for one maybe. Stealing wishes from the birthday boy's not your best plan. Switch to Verizon and trade in any iPhone and get the new iPhone 15 Pro on them. Yep, and on an amazing Network. And I don't have to ruin any more birthday parties. That ship has sailed. Let's go get you that iPhone. Here we go. Trade in any iPhone in any condition for a new iPhone 15 Pro on us only on Verizon. When we said we'd make the skies bluer, some said keep dreaming. So we did, lowering emissions on the road to zero. Now we're working on an EV that has wings. And someday, we'll turn your old Honda into your brand new Honda because we are a company of dreamers, setting out to be carbon neutral by 2050. So no matter where we go, we're going to keep dreaming. Want to win tickets to Super Bowl 58? Scan the QR code or go to enter NFL.com/enter for a chance You're watching Thursday Night Football only on Prime. FedEx Field in Landover, Maryland. The first Thursday night of the month of October. This week of the NFL season commencing with this one. Mentioned Chicago deciding to take the ball, not defer. How often do teams defer? 91% of the time. It paid off. Come up for their second drive here from the 26-yard line. Fields is going to keep it, has blocking as well, and takes it about 7 yards. That's what they want to do is get him on the edge. This first drive just tuning in. Al mentioned it. An aggressive mindset. Number one, they take the ball after winning the toss. Number two, they put the ball in the hands of Justin Fields. Most importantly, gave him room to work. And Justin Fields, the quarterback, like most of them out there, when they feel comfortable what's in front of them, able to focus downfield and make great throws like that. Could not have been a better way to start this game than what they did that opening drive for Justin and the Bears. After a 7-yard gain, second down and 3. Fires, caught. Making the grab at the 40-yard line. Robert Tonyan, longtime Green Bay Packer, came over as a free agent in the offseason. The other thing you see, and I think it's a carryover from last week, you got to give Luke Getsy a lot of credit, the ball is getting out fast, much faster than it was earlier in this year. And it just tells you that they're building this scheme around Justin Fields where he's comfortable. When a quarterback is comfortable and he has answers, you could see it in the way his eyes are working and how quickly the ball gets out, and that's kind of that mode he's playing in right now. Line does its job again. The catch, though, is not made by Darnell Mooney. Out of his range. Second down and 10. Al, nobody on this Bears team is hiding from this losing streak. Justin Fields understands the reality of it all. Darnell Mooney told me with each loss it seems like Fields gets even more locked in and intense, determined to turn this around. He said you can see it on the quarterback's face and how he communicates. And Mooney said no matter whether you have a good or a bad day at practice, Fields is also the guy always cheering the guys on. Kept a positive attitude. Much easier said than done. Ain't easy. Pass to the outside. Nice move to the inside, and then DJ Moore a little short of the first down. Remember, Chicago had the number one pick in the draft, traded it to Carolina. They wanted to get Bryce Young and they did. And this guy also went in as part of the trade, and Carolina didn't want to get rid of him obviously. But to make the deal, they had to get him. Yeah, and now he's so versatile. Meanwhile, third and 1, and they're going to try to run the tush push here as they got to the line in a hurry. And where are they going to mark this thing? First down. He kept driving his legs. But the great thing about DJ Moore, it gives him a legit number one receiver. That's why they went out and got him, and this is Justin Fields using his power. People forget he's 6' 3," about 230 pounds. So he is a powerful quarterback. He's still in the middle of this. Like watch him. He doesn't go down. Watch him continue. He keeps moving guys. He's not done. See him there at the top continue that leg drive. It's like a Jalen Hurts style of quarterback sneak there. As we mentioned, I'm sure the competition committee and the meetings next year are going to look at that play because, I mean, it's the ugliest play in football. But it's effective. But to finish on Moore, he can catch those quick throws yards after the catch, but they're going to want to take shots downfield today to him as well. Fields, get him out of the pocket, throws. Grabbed by Tonyan. Out of bounds right there at the-- after about a 2-yard gain, that time Chase Young chasing Fields. This is a game within a game of the ends. Chase Young on one side, Montez Sweat on the other. They're going to line up wide, and their whole goal is we got to keep Justin Fields in the pocket. Nobody knows that better than Chase Young, who was a teammate with Justin Fields in 2019 at Ohio State and good friends. So he, of course, is going to try to do the best he can to harass his good friend. He's been a problem the last couple of years. Meanwhile, big hole exploited on the right side. Herbert inside the 15-yard line. Tony Barton saved a touchdown. Wright and Davis, the right guard and right tackle, providing a huge hole. The motion really affects this defense, and they bust the gap control. Good job by this offensive line, not just in protection, but a good job of climbing up to that second level, and they're protecting the edges because of the threat of the quarterback. And it opens up the middle. Gain of 34. Fields just fires that one away. Being chased there. Tick under six minutes to go in the opening first quarter, which has been all Chicago. It's the short week every week on Thursday night. But in this short week, Ron Rivera knows that his defense with Jack Del Rio, they've got to stop the threat of Fields running. Anybody who defends Chicago, the first thing they talk about is we've got to take care of the edges. and Chicago knows that, and they've put together a nice plan there to try to take advantage of those edges being protected. Play action. Cole Kmet loses the ball. The man has scored 2 touchdowns last week, hit by Daron Payne, and a scramble to find out who's at the bottom of that pile. Daron Payne retracing, and he brought that right club to try to get that football away from the big tight end. Kmet is 6' 6," 260. Look at this club. Bang! Knocks that ball loose. It's on the ground, and Kmet very fortunate it just ends up right underneath him and he's able to secure it. How about that retrace by the big fella? Right under the right hamstring. Keeps possession. Third and 9. They go 5 wide here. Pass is caught. And trying to get that first down backing toward the line to gain but a little short is Cole Kmet once again. So fourth down and 1. The Commanders do a good job of anticipating that route. Keep the big tight end short of the first down. But if you're a Bears fan, first possession you go down, put a touchdown on the board. And now, you've got a shot at a field goal to go up 10-0. This is a team that was up big last week and couldn't hold on against Denver, and they're getting points here early playing aggressively. Again, not that aggressively otherwise you'd be going for it right here. Right. 22-yard field goal attempt is good. So they gained 145 yards to 8 for Washington early on as the Bears hot in the first half again take a 10-0 advantage. Gotta try this Axe. It's the fine fragrance GOAT. Axe Fine Fragrance Collection. Smell finer than the finest fragrances with the GOAT. Pause for hydration. Stop for nothing. Essentia. Patrick, Jake from State Farm, explain this bundling thing again. your car, right? Uh-huh. And this burger is your home. OK. It can be more affordable if you bundle them together. Kind of like a combo meal. Mmm. Explain it again with those nuggies. Bundling, just another way to save with the Personal Price Plan. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. (SINGING) Only $5, Whopper Jr times two. Double the Jr.'s. That's your cue. One for you, one for your friend to go. JK, you ate them both. They'll never know. BK, it have it your way. You rule. Catch NFL+. I catch NFL Network, and I catch every touchdown every Sunday afternoon on NFL RedZone. Catch it all on NFL+. For a limited time, get 50% off a yearly-- Well, a lot of one term quarterbacks here in our Nation's Captiol. Since 2017, Kirk Cousins was here. He was one of three starting quarterbacks that year in each of the last five seasons. They've used at least three starting quarterbacks. And now Sam Howell is the man at the podium. Fourth youngest active starting quarterback at 23. Just turned 23 last month. So, you know, you're always looking for that franchise guy. Who in the world would believe all of those seasons not only two starting quarterbacks, but three in every one of those years? And we were talking this morning. You go back to Sonny Jurgensen and Billy Kilmer and Joe Theismann. What, they had a good 20, 25-year run with just three guys. And since then, boy, it's been a lot of different quarterback chances and opportunities. Santos will send that one through the end zone. And down 10 to 0. Washington will start from the 25-yard line. Look at those names. Mark Rypien of course had a good run. Kirk Cousins was here and got things going, but you see after 57 games he is now in Minnesota. Well, over a decade ago there's Robert Griffin at the bottom. At one point, man, he looked like he was the guy. That was the answer. And he got hurt, Mike Shanahan was here, and here's Eric Bieniemy, a great story in it of himself. He comes over here as the offensive coordinator. From the 25-yard line. Howell surveying, looking, decides to take off. With Bieniemy, I mean, obviously he's been interviewed for a head coaching jobs all I don't know how many times now, but he was always under the shadow of Andy Reid. And the knock was, wait a second, Andy is the offense. Andy calls the plays. So Eric decides, hey man, I got to get out of that shadow, and Ron Rivera hires him. I think anytime you want to have an opportunity to become a head coach and you're an offensive-minded guy and you're working for an offensive head coach, you do have to go out and do your own thing. This is a huge chance here with this offense, and he's very optimistic about what they can do this year. You'll hear from Scott Novak, our referee, for the first time False start, offense, number 3. That's a 5-yard penalty. Second down. Byron Pringle batting himself on the helmet. And if you look around the quarterback position, we talked earlier about McLaurin and Curtis Samuel and Dotson, who they picked up, Dyami Brown. In the backfield, Brian Robinson, Antonio Gibson. There's a lot of skill to work with. The big thing is can Sam Howell deliver and be able to be the guy. Robinson, the defense does its job again. Short gain right there. Yannick Ngakoue, DeMarcus Walker both there. It'll be third and 11. This is a defense that has struggled. This is a group that has not done a great job of getting off They're dead last in third down defense. Not done a good job of pressuring opposing quarterbacks. Dead last in the NFL. Only 2 sacks. So right now, I don't know if they're feeling it because of the way their own offense is playing, but they're aggressive themselves. Well, Allen Williams was the defensive coordinator. He had to resign. So Eberflus is now calling the defense. Third down and 11. Deep drop. Howell is going to take off and not go very far. DeMarcus Walker is there again. So the Washington Commanders, 3 and out on their first two drives, still do not have a first down. Have been outgained 145 yards to 12. Bring a blitz here and the safety instead of dropping, he ends up coming down. So they're trying to confuse this young quarterback, which he thought they would do. It's a smart thing to do pre-snap to post-snap, giving him different looks, especially on third down. Way, his second punt. Trent Taylor waiting for it. Drifting. Makes the grab, avoids the first man, and he takes it back out to the 31-yard line. 1:52 remaining in the opening quarter. 10 to 0, Chicago. LeBron stands alone. 5, 4, 3, 2. Goal. Are you not entertained? He just brought the house down. What a play. This is March. Put you front row. Are you kidding me? This is a clustomer. It happens when marketers group all their customers together. Mailchimp uses real time behavior data so you can personalize email for every customer. Turn clustomers into customers with Intuit Mailchimp. Have you ever noticed how tourism commercials use camera angles to make things look big and exciting? They make you think, wow, that looks like an epic vacation. Is it working? How about now? You don't need to use camera magic to make this vacation look exciting. It actually is. This is our go big or go home trip to Texas. Go get your own. 6' 5," 324 catches, 20 carries, all the Sauce. In this game, numbers are everything, so call yours. I'm war-ready. So if we going to play we going to play for keeps. We going to protect this house. When it doubt, we going to protect his house. In the trunk, we going to protect this house. A week from tonight, Thursday Night Football, we're going to Kansas City. That means Patrick Mahomes against the Broncos Broncos affecting the huge comeback against Chicago. I think Travis Kelce will be there. God knows who else next week in Kansas City. Meanwhile here, a couple of changes. Offensively, you got Tevin Jenkins comes in. He's been hurt and he's going to take over at left guard for Cody White here. Talking about Chase Claypool in our introduction tonight. Not here, of course, for the second straight game and told to basically stay home. Leshon Johnson is now in the backfield. Moore, great spin move to the inside. Off he goes again. What a first half for him. And finally, after he breaks the tackle of the rookie, Forbes, another long-gainer. And another first and 10 pass, play action pass, for the Bears and Luke Getsy, and it's a great job. You've got to beat the rookie one on one. One of the top receivers, nice little push off, gets away with it. Yards after the catch has got to be something the Bears can do tonight, and there's a great example of that by number 2. On the ground. Man, you've got DJ Moore on your fantasy league, he's already gone for 126 yards. Go to the caviar jar. That's not bad. He had a great game last week too when they went against Denver where he ended up having over 100 yards receiving. So he's clearly their guy. I'll tell you, Luke Getsy he's got to feel really good about this plan right now, mixing up formations, personnel groupings, pre-snap movement, and has a quarterback that's in his own. Second and 5. Another big hole. Another big gain. That's Roschon Johnson, a rookie picked in the fourth round out How about that offensive line? You mentioned Jenkins coming in. He gets going here early getting involved. He'll get up here. You'll see the left tackle able to climb up. Larry Borum opens up that hole, and I love Johnson. Just a downhill runner, puts his foot in the ground, and builds up that momentum. And what a collision with Derek Forrest there. That Bears offensive line missing two starters at the outset. Rookie right tackle dominating the line of scrimmage. Waning seconds of the quarter. Gets it away, just flings it and flings it out of bounds. So Chase Young almost got him, couldn't, and that's the way the first quarter ends. Paul-- There is no foul for intentional grounding. Second down, and this is the end of the first quarter. They wanted international, do not get it. End of the quarter. 10 to 0, Bears, and back right after these messages. For 120 years at JCPenney, we believed if you're going to do something, do it all the way. We give 100% every day because it's who we are and who you are too. So seize the moment. Get the suit that lands the job. Set the table that brings you together. Wear the red that brightens the room. And give the ring that changes everything. Every day is a new opportunity. JCPenney, make it count. Man, I wish I was out there. Let's un-retire. Why not? (SINGING) Guess who's back, back again? Dan Marino? You all right? 22, 22. Delay of game, number 13. I'm good right here, bro. Should we? Don't even think about it. How can you tell which one's the better deal? Bring in dad from Sarasota. US Marine Corps War Memorial with the Washington Monument in the background on this Thursday night. Al Michaels with Kirk Herbstreit, Kaylee Hartung. Our rules expert is Terry McAulay. We're going to weigh in a second with Terry on that last play of the first quarter. The Commanders wanted intentional grounding. Meanwhile, second down and 10 now. A little flip here to Johnson for the 10. Terry, what did you see on that last play? Well Al, he never got outside the pocket. So he's got to get the ball in the vicinity of receiver. He's contacted before he starts his throwing motion. He clearly throws it away from any receiver well out of bounds. This should have been a foul for intentional grounding. Chase Young looking at his former teammate like what the heck. What's going on here? Ron Rivera was heated while we were at break about it as well. Yeah? Shaved a few yards. Third down and 6. Reaching up. Does he make the catch again? DJ Moore, touchdown. He is having a career in one night. Beats Kendall Fuller again. That's 11 yards for the touchdown. He's already caught 5 for 137 and 2 scores. How about the throw by Justin Fields? A little slant and go. Fuller never locates the football. And Moore so comfortable being able to get his feet down. Watch this route. Watch Fuller bite on it man to man. Ooh! A little inside move, and the throw could not have been any better by Justin Fields. What were you saying about fantasy for DJ Moore? Wow. What a night in the first 16 minutes of the game. 17-0, and we will be back, we promise, in 30 seconds. (RAPPING) California on my license plate. Last year, they ain't even like the back. The wheel never trips. Those guys back there. Knowing we never choke on that bill. No I can't quit. Put me on son. If you're a Bears fan, if you're a half full guy, you go wow. Look at this, if you're a half empty guy, you're going we saw this last week. How about the start of this game with what the Bears have done offensively and what we've not seen at all from the Commanders? You compare this total plays. Look at the yards, the first downs, two 3 and outs for the Commanders. That 1-2 punch, Fields to Moore. Washington still nary a first down begins this drive at the 25. It just feels like a game on a short week where one team so far has shown up with a chip on their shoulder, and they want to win a football game, and the Commanders a bit lethargic off to a slow start. They've got to find a way to regroup here and fight back to get back into this game. Sure some people thinking 0 and 4, 14 straight losses, it's a mess, you're a dead dog coming to town. It's 17 to 0. Toss here to the outside. Again, that defense does a great job. Robinson tackled that time by Terrell Smith, a rookie out of Minnesota. They picked him in the fifth round. Just to remind people that aren't familiar with it, the Bears are down three of their five defensive backs when you include the nickelback, Kyler Gordon. Both their corners, your corner and a safety Eddie Jackson So you got Terrell Smith, who just made a great play, Tyrique Stevenson. You got two rookies holding up at corner, not just in coverage, but also in run support right there. Russell Wilson able to shred them last week in that second half. Second down and 8. To the outside, caught, and making the tackle 2 yards shy. Curtis Samuel making the grab there. You got Stroman in on the tackle. They're going to spot the ball at the 33-yard line. Third and 2. That time, Sam Howell doing a better job making up his mind That's what Eric Bieniemy really wants to see from him as he's working. Again, just his sixth career start, young guy, but just wants to see him be decisive and work through his progressions. That time, ball out quickly to Samuel. Antonio Gibson is in the backfield. Flare him out. Howell throwing. Catch is made. Reaching down is Logan Thomas. Makes the grab, barely stays in bounds, and is able to pick up their initial first down of the game. Al, that's a heck of a catch on a third down to get that first first down. You know Sanborn's going to blow you up. That ball was going down. The spiral was going down. And at 6' 6," Logan Thomas has to get down there like he's feeling the ground ball to make that catch. Heck of an effort. A split finger. Gibson, the back. Got something going here, and maybe a little short Dotson, who made the grab at the end of regulation last week, Smith again in on the tackle. Nice gain there. Going to spot the ball a little short of the first down. Second and 1. And again Al, here they are with quicker decisions. And he's an athletic guy. They like to get him on the edge too. I thought Dotson, good job of staying in bounds. Came so close there to stepping out of bounds, but a nice quick easy read, ball is out, get the ball to these receivers against these young corners. Howell, 4 for his first 4. They pick up another first down on a 2-yard gain here by Robinson. They are working for every yard in the trenches. Just like you said, it goes to show you you just never know from one week to the next. This Bears defensive front for the most part has gotten pushed around in the interior with Justin Jones and Andrew Billings this year, but not the story tonight. This is a motivated defense that is flying around. The defense that's allowed 29 points per game over the last two years. Worst in the league. To the outside again they go. Short gain here, Terry McLaurin. He gets into the action, making his first grab of the night. And what the Bears are doing with those young corners, they're playing a lot of softer coverage. So you're going to have to take those easy throws and you're going to have to rely on receivers making plays after the catch. So you'll take 4 yards. You'll take 6 yards. Eventually either set up double moves or you set up an opportunity where you're going to have to go down field and win one on one. That's Lucas Patrick, the center. Oh. So he's going to go for some attention. They may move Cody Whitehair, who's played a lot of center in his career, to that spot. Play action here. Howell fires. Another first down. And a nice run there by Thomas to pick up about 3 or 4 more yards after contact. Stroman making the tackle. This is what Matt Eberflus is known for, this Tampa 2 look, meaning two high safeties. The backer's going to get deep, and when you get deep, you're taking away those shots downfield. And one thing you heard this week from Sam Howell on our call-- hey, what's the key in going up against this style of defense? Well, they're going to play soft. I just got to take what they give me. I got to be patient, take those underneath throws. Again, Eberflus calling the defensive signals. First down at the 39-yard line. Howell, good protection-- he's going to go to the end zone. Dyami Brown was there, his former North Carolina mate. A little too tall, a little too far. Now, this is what they're waiting for. Safety here, safety down, opens up the middle. Finally a chance to be able to take a shot downfield, and they've got it. And when you have it, you got to connect. Ball is thrown well enough for Dyami Brown, who's a college teammate of Sam Howell. They've got great chemistry. He puts it right in that seam. Just unable to bring it down. Howell's first incompletion. Robinson started one way. Goes the other, and that doesn't fool Andrew Billings, having a nice night. Brown has the speed to be able to hit those seams, but just over the fingertips there. He's thinking, man, we had it. Got to hit it. Blitz coming, pressure. Howell backpedals. Howell going deep. Into traffic, and it's incomplete. Dotson almost was able to make the grab. We got a flag down, though. There's a flag on the far side of the field at the 36-yard line, which is 3 yards-- Offsides. --beyond scrimmage. Defense, number 90, lined up in the neutral zone. 5-yard penalty. Third down. So that's Dominique Robinson. A little bit of a killer there in the sense that was a third and 9. It's going to make it third down and 4. Remember, in the open, you said, how do they win? And we talked about they got to quit self-destructing. It's not just penalties. It's the time of these penalties. They're off the field here. Now it's fourth and 9, and now it's third and 4, and you give Howell another chance. Yep. They're off the field and maybe not even in field goal range, were it not for the penalty. Third down and 4. They had the all-out blitz going on the last one. What do they do here? Coming again. A flag is thrown. Tipped! And for the moment, dropped. Almost picked off, but it's dropped. Hit by Edmunds. You saw the flag come in at the snap. Illegal shift on the offense. Two players were moving the same time and did not reset. Penalty's declined. Fourth down. So that makes it fourth and 4. And Slye's going to come in for a long field goal attempt. Joey Slye-- fifth year out of Virginia Tech. 51-yard attempt, no wind to speak of. Tress Way to put it down. And Slye's kick is perfect. Eight and a half to go in the first half. Washington on the board, but trailing 17-3 to the Chicago Bears. You took something that didn't belong to you. The Equalizer 3 comes home-- --with a 94% audience score. Are you warning me? I'm preparing you. The Equalizer 3. Buy or rent now, and in theaters, rated R. OK, quick and easy weeknight dinner that's not chicken Ham-and-cheese crescent rolls are as easy as fill, roll, bake. Is there enough for seconds? Fill, roll, bake-- [giggles] --with Pillsbury. (SINGING) Hey, you, can we come together? Hey, you can we-- New Balance. We got now. We're seeing EVs more every day. Good to know there's one that can still make people say, you don't see that every day, because it's the only EV that's an F-150. The all-electric F-150 Lightning. [ozzy osbourne, "crazy train"] (SINGING) All aboard! [cackles] Ay! You're welcome, America. Let's take a look at our Thursday Spotlight, presented by Pepsi. And it's Justin Fields off to a great start, reading, recognizing opportunities, seeing safeties out of position, which we've seen a lot of here in this first half. You can see his eyes just locked in on his reads. And of course, he has the arm strength to make those throws. So this first half could not have started any better. Of course, last week, we saw much of the same in the Denver game, and they are focused on playing for 60 minutes. It was the start last week. Yeah, last week he completed his first 16, 17. I think it was a long Hail Mary at the end of the half that fell incomplete. Tonight-- 9 of 13, 156. And of course his main man has been Moore, who has caught a total of five passes on five targets for 137. Joey Slye, after booting a 51-yard field goal, with the touchback here. And we go to Kaylee. Al, the Bears center Lucas Patrick-- he has left the field to be evaluated for a concussion, so now Cody Whitehair is going to slide over to center. He started every game this year at left guard, but he does have 60 career starts at center. I saw him taking a couple of practice snaps with Justin Fields. He added tape to all five fingers on his right hand, and now he'll get a chance to slide over and see how this O-line can make it work without Patrick. Once, he began his career out of Kansas State as a second-round pick. Fields lining up in the gun here. He'll keep it. It's a block there from Blasingame. Run out by Curl after a gain of 6. That's the beautiful thing when this offense is going the way it is with a lot of first-and-10 passing, and you've seen the run game tonight with Herbert. They can get back to their bread and butter, which is getting Justin Fields out on the edge. Look at the yardage you pick up on first and 10. It's almost like Washington gets lulled to sleep, worried about other aspects of the offense, and it frees him up to pick up some positive yards there. Second and 3. Fakes the give, fires over the middle. Making the grab there and getting into Washington territory is Cole Kmet, the 6' 6" 260-pounder. Two TDs last week, big gain here, 24 yards. That was a good job of DJ Moore clearing things out. And here's the big man right here. Just sits in the open space. Linebackers have to respect the play action. They sink in. Fields gets pressured late, but what a target. What a luxury to throw to Kmet at 6' 6" in the middle of that defense. He is a big-time target, and Justin Fields like his security blanket. From the 45. Herbert, behind blocking, gets about 3. Payne making the stop. Down to seven minutes to go in the half. 14-point Chicago lead. Al, you'll love this. Even when it's not working, it works somewhat. It's been that kind of night. Watch the left guard, Jenkins, pull around. They've been opening up holes here, but watch him. Stumbles out of the gate. They still get positive yards when the guard doesn't even pull around to pick up the linebacker. 72 rushing yards, 10 carries. That's 7 yards per tote. Second and 7. Fake toss. Fields buys time. Fields throwing that one incomplete. He had Mooney and Kmet both in the neighborhood. Payne, that time, converged with Allen. Third and 7. Much better job, not just by the front, but on the back end for this Ron Rivera and Jack Del Rio defense. They not falling for the misdirection. Justin Fields always a threat. A little fake there to Khalil Herbert on the pitch, and then came back the other way, but the discipline and this sound defense there by Washington. Herbert. Enough for the first down as they give it to him. Inside draw. Nate Davis helping to lead the way. And going no-huddle here. Fourth and inches is what they're going to call it now. And again, does he make it? They say nothing yet. First down now. Man, looked like he had the first down on the third-down play, but he run up to the line of scrimmage, spotted it a little short. Move the sticks. Everybody's going to this, especially when you have a quarterback like a Justin Fields, with the size that he has. How about that run on the play before, on that third down, with Herbert? Almost, again, doesn't matter. There's been some guys rotating in. They're playing with some backups. Boy, they are climbing up to that second level to get into the face of those linebackers. Fields to the outside. Nothing happening there. Intended for Equanimeous St. Brown. First target of the night. Well, Luke Getsy is doing, again, a very good job of mixing up the looks and creating some frustration for Washington's defense, keeping the tight ends, from time to time, in to help out. That time, they did. Keep an extra tight end, with Marcedes Lewis off to the right there to affect the pass rush with Montez Sweat. So anything they can do to just try to make it look different. Keep the same play calls, but the presentation very different in this first half. High snap. Collects it. Again, Herbert-- tough running. Close to a first. Khalil Herbert-- six carries, 53 yards for him. And you touched on it. Watch the right hand of Fields. Just a heck of an athletic play. Again, he's a baseball player, going back to his high school days. Comes in handy there. You see, Herbert had to hesitate. A lot of times, that disrupts the timing, and the play gets blown up. Good job by Herbert, waiting, and then there's that offensive line again, controlling things against one of the top fronts in the league. That's Whitehair again. Meanwhile, here we go again on a third and 1 with the push. Yep, one more time. It's like rugby, Australian rules football. I don't know what it is. It's a mess. Oh, man, yeah. Kmet and Herbert behind him. Herbert's 5' 9", 212, but 6' 6", 260? The quarterback's 230. Look at the black jerseys just flying in there, and there's nothing you can do. Nothing, except change the rule next year. Well, the way they've been going here, wouldn't be-- into the backfield. Right now, an empty look. Fields under pressure, and nothing. Just has to keep it and eat it, and tackled to the line of scrimmage by Sweat and Young. This is what they like to do because of his run game, but watch how-- going with Chase Young. The numbers are where they want it. Everybody's outside. But look at Chase Young, known as a pass-rusher, but a good job of anticipating. When the defensive front sees empty, they are alert to Justin Fields as a threat to run. It's up to them, with the numbers cleared out of there against empty. They've got to make plays like that. So four wide here. Caught, 19-yard line. Kmet-- he'll take it inside the 20. It'll be third down. A little over three minutes to go to the half, and this will be upcoming on this drive, the 12th play. Bears have run 33 plays, and Commanders just 16. Third and 4. They're 5 out of 7 on third down. Action is there. It is Darnell Mooney. There's contact made. It'll be fourth down and no laundry. You got St-Juste covering on the play. Well, Mooney tries to use the big tight end, Kmet, to his outside. Uses him as a screen. Just tries to run behind him to affect the coverage, It does the job, but the ball's thrown a little bit late, and it allows St-Juste to be able to catch up to him and affect that throw. Terry's shaking his-- he's just shaking his head. Terry, what are you shaking your head for? Sure looked like it was early contact, not playing the ball, to me. 36-yard attempt here by Cairo Santos is good. 2:24 to the half. Chicago extends its lead to 20 to 3. This is not the first all-electric car. That's because no BMW sees the road until it's reached the ultimate standard, our own, a standard that demands that every BMW drives and feels exactly like a BMW should-- unparalleled performance and precision handling, made possible by electric engineering. But isn't that what you'd expect from the ultimate electric driving machine? Hurry in and lease the 2024 BMW iX xDriv50 for 7-- (SINGING) Private jetting in the night sky, my man hand-glide by with my fried rice. Why? What could you not love about a slice on the side of the hot tub. G-R-U-B-H-U-B. Did somebody say GrubHub? Geico makes car insurance easy-- as easy as getting personal Got a new play for you, the 220 Pancake Block You Can't Bench 350 Super Sweep. But I can bench 350. It's just a play name. OK, I have a play name, then. It's called "double pump fake, I'm stronger than you, I can bench 350, and I'm a good tackle." That's not a play name. With coverage for your whole lineup in the app, it's easy to Geico. What about "red zone 120, I'm good at football, I'm a good football analyst, and I open the lane better than anybody. I go block, block, block, block, block, block. I block them here. I block them there." [ring tone music] Travis Kelce is a champion twice. Dude, my new ringtone. Travis, zip it. It's your year, big guy. Let's get you ready. With 16 grams of protein per can in Chunky Spicy Chicken Noodle, soup that eats like a meal. (SINGING) Twice! The first half is winding down, but live betting on DraftKings Sportsbook is heating up with hundreds of ways to keep the action going all game long. And now you can give it a try with this exclusive offer. Bet on the money line, the spread, the over the under, the next play, the next score, or even your favorite player to score. All you got to do is download the DraftKings Sportsbook app, enter the promo code, and snag your exclusive offer. And prepare for the explosive finale to the fantasy epic, The Wheel of Time. Relive the journey. Binge all the action tonight only on Prime Video. So there's your new owner of the Washington Commanders, Josh Harris. Had a chance to meet him, and Kirk and I visited with him Also owns the Philadelphia 76ers. Owns the New Jersey Devils of the National Hockey League, so he's got hockey starting up. Dealing with James Harden and the 76ers, trying to build a new arena there, trying to build a new stadium here . We asked him if he's getting any sleep. Not much, but this town is ecstatic. I've been coming here for about 38 years, doing the NFL. And over the last 24, especially over the last 15, this was not a happy fan base, but they are thrilled. And Dan Snyder was here for 24 years. Had some early success, but not much over the course of a quarter century. And boy, they were just looking for anybody to come in. Only cost them was 6 billion clams. [laughs] Right, exactly. But you know what was cool is just to hear from the players, too, and the coaches. There's a real appreciation for the energy that he's brought in. And they said anything that they-- he's like, well, how can I help? What do you need? Ron Rivera's communicated with him pretty openly, so you're right. Different energy. This is going to be picked off. Greg Stroman intercepting it on the pass right over the middle, and the defense goes down to celebrate as Howell throws the pick here, and Chicago's back in business Here's the matchup right here. But what I want you to watch is Howell works from his left, back to his right, and by then he's late. This is, again, the area that he's trying to work and understand, is the timing of his progressions. And as a young guy, it just takes time. It's examples like this of learning through this. Heck of a play, by the way, by the backup nickel Greg Stroman, who's been out most of his career with a lot of injuries. I think he had 73 snaps in the last four years until the injury this year to Kyler Gordon has given him a chance to step up. So he's been injured. He's been on practice squads-- Washington, Buffalo, the Rams. Chicago now, and takes advantage of his opportunity with Gordon down and makes a heck of a play. From the 36-yard line. Has that knocked down. That time, it's Chase Young knocking it down with 2:15. Bears have two timeouts if they need them, plus a two-minute warning. I had a chance to see Chase on the field before the game, just asking him how he's feeling the last few weeks. Looks like he's gradually getting back to 100% coming off the ACL from a couple of years ago, and he said, watch tonight. He's like, this is the first time I really feel good. And if you've watched him, I know it's not a great night so far for the Commanders, but 99 is moving around the way you expect him to. [chuckles] Herbert. Takes a bunch to bring him down. Third down, 7 as we approach the two-minute warning. This is the two-minute warning. Two timeouts remaining. It'll be third down and 7 for Chicago when we come back. 20 to 3, Bears. [playing guitar] (SINGING) Tacos, tacos, tacos. Tacos, tacos, or some pizza, wings, or some other food that rhymes with pizza. It all goes great with football unless you rhymed something really weird with pizza, like fashionista. At Midas, our skilled techs want you to be confident on the road, and confident driving starts with top-quality tires and precision alignment. Stop by Midas today to buy three tires and get the fourth free. Let's match you with the right brand and price for your vehicle so you can embrace every season, every climate, and every road with confidence. Roll into Midas for big savings on a new set of tires. Request your tire appointment today at midas.com. [whistle] Whoa, what is all this? Only the finest game-day food that you can eat. They're standard stuffed tacos, yummy taco bowls, and enchiladas. Hot dogs are better! Hot Dog Man. [screaming] Now that's a high-quality tackle. Let's run that back, JJ. [distorted screaming] I love tacos very much, and now you know that. With Old El Paso, there's always so many Pasobilities. Official TV partner of the NFL brings game-day greatness into your living room on the biggest screens in the industry. This game-day greatness big-screen moment features the Bills, whose Week 4 victory was highlighted in part by Stefon Diggs. Diggs caught a pass from quarterback Josh Allen, evaded tackles from Dolphins defenders Kader Kohou and Brandon Jones, and sprinted to the end zone, increasing the Bills' lead en route to a 48-to-20 victory. TCL. Inspire greatness. There they are, with apologies to the Michigan basketball team, the Fab Five. Charissa has rounded up the troops. Can't wait to hear these guys weigh in. On a night when you thought, Chicago's coming in, are they dead, or whatever, it's all Chicago, 20 to 3. State Farm halftime show coming up in a couple of minutes, plus. From the 33-yard line on third down and 7, Herbert fights his way inside the 25. Look at this. Cody Whitehair leading the way. So Moore's having a fabulous night. Meanwhile, here's Herbert-- eight carries, 72 yards. That's 9 yards a carry. But watch Whitehair and also the right guard, Nate Davis. Both of them able to climb up to that second level. No interior defensive lineman. Made it very easy for that interior to be able to get up and impact, again, those linebackers. There's just no one there. From the 17. Herbert again, behind Blasingame. To the outside he goes. And every run's a tough run for him. Khalil Herbert-- third year out of Virginia Tech, a sixth-round pick in '21. He's averaging almost 9 yards a carry tonight. And if the Bears get this going with the way they like their structure of their offense, with Fields as a threat off play action and him being able to run on the outside, it's a game-changer. It's what Luke Getsy-- anybody wants the run game, but especially this system and their quarterback. He's now in Detroit. Saw him last week. And Herbert's now the man. Go five wide here. Fields hanging in, rolling away. Fields, looking for the first down, gets it and slides to a stop inside the 5. The official, for the moment, looked like he was going to reach for the flag, but did not. That's Darrick Forrest right there. Lose the edge, man-to-man coverage on the back end, and against an athletic quarterback. If you lose the edge with Chase Young, there's no one left there to account for the most dangerous weapon the Bears have, and that's Justin Fields. I think the official, so far, is trying to get out of the way, if nothing else. First down and goal. Fields again, over the middle. Caught, Kmet! Touchdown. Cole Kmet. Third in two weeks, and the Commanders fans are going, what is going on? I think they are frustrated. And I think the Bears came into this game pretty confident that they could attack the backers in coverage. And here's the big tight end right here, going up against the middle linebacker, Cody Barton. It's a mismatch. He gets separation. Even if he doesn't get separation, it's an advantage, at 6' 6". But he shows you. He flexed him out. He is a threat out there on the perimeter. Santos, extra point. And if you're just tuning in, that is not a typo. 27 to 3, Bears. People are excited about what AI will do for them. We're excited about what AI will do for business. Introducing watsonx, a platform designed to multiply output by training AI with your data. When you watsonx your business, you can build AI to help coders code faster, customer service respond quicker, and employees handle repetitive tasks in less time. Let's create AI that transforms business with watsonx. Hi, mom. Kelly, Rita, and I just went on our Carnival Cruise. Hey, look, that's me there in the middle. And we just really found ourselves, you know? I got over my fear of bubbles. Rita took some time to reflect. We tried new things and new foods. Kelly's thinking about getting piano lessons. And I'm getting really good at golf. Anyways, next year we should all go together. [foghorn fanfare] Choose fun! [coughs] Honey. NyQuil Severe Honey, powerful cold and flu relief with a dreamy honey taste. NyQuil Honey, the nighttime, sniffling, sneezing, coughing, aching, fever, honeylicious, "best sleep with a cold" medicine. The Three for Me, only at Chili's, serves up bottomless drinks, bottomless chips and salsa, and a cheeseburger and fries for just $10.99. Hey, it's three for me, not three for us. This Chili's Three for Me is the-- You look at Matt Eberflus. Here's a guy-- his team hasn't won a game in almost a year. They beat New England Week 7 last year. 3 and 18 is his record over a year and a quarter. He's been getting killed, obviously, in the press, in the media, and all that stuff, and obviously by social media as well, as usual. And there's even some stories out today about will he get fired after the game, with 10 days till the next game? Well, there's a lot of release of emotion right now. It's almost been a year since they won a football game. Of course, they had a big lead at half. That'll be, I'm sure, his speech at halftime. They were up big on Denver and ended up losing. But it just looks like a team that's ticked off and tired of it, you know what I mean? They're playing with a lot of emotion tonight. I'll tell you, the seat doesn't get any hotter than what he and Justin Fields are dealing with in Chicago, having lost 14 straight, and they're trying to put in, staying positive, and they're trying to get through the storm, saying the right thing. But you know it's eating them up, and this first half's been great for them. No doubt. The numbers are astonishing-- 307 yards for Chicago, 49 for Washington. That is a 6-to-1 ratio. And he has to throw that away. And that Bear defense, which has obviously had a meltdown in the second half-- and this is a team that gives up, as I mentioned, 29 points per game, the worst in the league over the last two years-- allowing 49 yards on 18 plays. It's unbelievable. The biggest Bears fan couldn't have expected this. This defense has not been able to win the line of scrimmage They've not been able to apply pressure. You just saw Gervon Dexter come in, 99, as a rookie. He gets pressure. Stroman had that interception. He started his career here. And that pass is caught, but nothing really happening after that. Even that time, rushing four, DeMarcus Walker-- he gets home and affects the quarterback. It's almost like they're putting it all into this first half. Shows you the potential of what this defense can do despite being down Eddie Jackson, Juwan Johnson, Kyler Gordon. You're missing three guys in the back end, but they have shown up with something to prove tonight. It'll be caught here. At least Antonio Gibson gets the first down. Meanwhile-- First charged timeout. --one, they're going to take a timeout. [scattered booing] Even the crowd doesn't like the timeout. They're going, really? You're going to go 64 yards here in three seconds? Who knows? Maybe you get a pass-interference penalty, setting up deep. Ron Rivera hasn't had too many games like this in his career. This is a skunky to this point. 14 first downs to 4. Eberflus says, get all the way back there. Get all the way back. All the way. 40, 50 yards back. Get back over there in Bethesda. Final play of the half, barring a defensive foul. That'll pick up some meaningless yardage. [booing] And the crowd says it all. 27 to 3. Down to you, Kaylee. Coach, it seems like everything is working for your offense. Really working hard on detail, and that's been coming. We saw it last week, a glimpse of that last week, and we're seeing it tonight. And we just got to finish the game the right way. You know no lead is safe. What will you tell your team at the half? Yeah, it's 0-0 to us. I know that's coach talk, but that's what we're going to tell them. And we got to focus, and we got to finish. All right, thanks. Pretty much an astonishing first half. State Farm halftime show coming up after the break. We are at war. Captain Marvel, we need you to save the world. They took everything from me. So want to fight? You cannot protect your people. Watch me. The Marvels, rated PG-13, in theaters November 10. Tickets on sale Tuesday. Cam! How'd you spend the offseason? Hmm. Picnic! Sleepover! Movie night! Best offseason ever! Just hit the weights. Try the new 4-Quarter Calzony. It's officially delicious. Pizza pizza. One down, nine to go. Hey, what are you doing out here? I just had something picked up. Oh my gosh, I'm having something delivered. You know Carvana? Bought it, scheduled it, [gasps] and here it is! You think Carvana's is good for buying? You should try selling one. Buy-- Or sell. --your car. [vocalizing] (SINGING) Zoom in close, and I might strike a pose. I'm in my zone, but I'm sure that you know. Too much drip. It ain't my fault. [wind] (SINGING) It's in my wall. Run it like it feel great. Hit them with a freeze frame. I've been thinking about it. Will marry me? [screams] (SINGING) Zoom, zoom, zoom. Zoom in on me. Zoom, zoom, zoom. That girl can't get me. Room, room, room. I become one with the camera, focused. Snapshot costs like a million, golden. Flex so you know all my angles, easy. Make sure they can see me. [gasps] Wow. (SINGING) Zoom, zoom-- Wee! (SINGING) Zoom in on me. Back up and give me. Oh! [excited laughter] [music continues] Sunday Morning Football is back on NFL Network with the must-see showdown from across the pond-- Let's go! --as Trevor Lawrence and the Jags-- Making people miss. --take on Josh Allen and the Bills-- End zone, touchdown! --live from Tottenham Hotspur Stadium in London. It's a special moment. Rise. He's got it! What a tie! And watch a full day of football. (SINGING) Hail the king. I'm here! Sunday at 9:30 on NFL Network and NFL Plus. Welcome to the State Farm halftime show, and what a first 30 minutes from Chicago. They did not look like the team that has lost 14 straight games, as they lead the Commanders at the half, 27 to 3. Welcome in, everyone. I'm Charissa Thompson, alongside Tony Gonzalez, Ryan Fitzpatrick, Andrew Whitworth, and Richard Sherman. This offense is clicking on all cylinders. DJ Moore-- a big first half. What do you like so far out of the Bears? DJ Moore is absolutely having himself a game. AJ Brown, last week against this defense, had 175 yards, two touchdowns. DJ Moore said, I saw something on film, and I can do that, too. And it starts in three phases. First phase, right here, he gets the ball in his hands. Run after catch. Got to have this, as a receiver. You look at him get up the sideline right here with some nice, nifty moves, and they finally push him out of bounds. Then, here, it's savviness, finding that spot in the zone. See, he doesn't run full speed. Slow-choke it, and sit there, and score that touchdown. Then, right here, it's a double move. Uh-oh, bite on it, and then a great throw by Justin Fields. Justin Fields is playing some outstanding football. This whole Bears team-- they've got more energy. They look like a really solid football team right now. They heard Whit's pregame speech. That's it, baby. Must have. They really do, and Justin Fields looks comfortable. And what I said before the game-- in his footwork, you can tell the certainty that he has in his mind. So we're not seeing those lazy "hop back there" drops. This one right here was great because it just slows down that pass rush. Here we go, whipping it like a shortstop. And then, right here, that's certainty. That's having your feet in the ground, and he's delivering the football with a purpose. It's been really impressive to see. We really started to see it last week. The way that they've worked together, some of the things that Justin Fields said-- this is really important for him to come out and play well for his coach, and he's doing it right now. We talked about it in the pregame. Washington's defense has given up at least 33 points in each of the last three games they played. That trend continued here. So Sherm, take us through the Highlight Bundle, presented by State Farm, and what they're not doing well. I'm sure Jack Del Rio is incensed right now because his secondary is just not playing good enough. You see, right here, this is one-on-one coverage, man-to-man. He takes the inside release, then he gets up the field. This is their number one receiver. You should have eyes on him at all times. But you can deal with that. But this you cannot deal with. Cover-2 safety with his back turned to the number one receiver, wide open. No help, no cover to the defense-- that's unacceptable football. Here, another man-to-man stand-up route. Kendall Fuller decided to play the front pylon. They threw it to the back pylon. That's a mistake you can't make as a veteran corner. It started to frustrate me. I started stretching a little bit, because if they're playing this bad, I'm going to go out there in tennis shoes and get the job done if they're going to play like this. Come on, give me a few dollars. Well, I'm going to tell you, Ron Rivera at halftime, I'm sure, is reminding his team that this is a Chicago Bears team that gave up a 21-point lead last week to the Broncos. So if you're the Commanders, how do you get back in this thing, Whit? Well, I think you look at what the Broncos were able to do. They finally started getting the football down the field in the second half. Had some big explosive plays, and you got to slow this Bears offense down. But Justin Fields and them looked hot. I think, really, you look on that side of the football. Can Justin Fields and the Bears offense continue to run it? Because with a lead in these kind of games, you got to be able to convert, move the chains, and keep that clock moving, and get your own plays when they present themselves. Right, but the complaint last week with the Bears was they got too conservative. They took the ball out of Justin Fields' hands. So keep your foot on the gas, and keep going if you're Luke Getsy and Justin Fields. And you heard him say that to Kaylee at halftime. Sympathy is pouring in from around the football world and the NFL community as we remember the life and legacy of Pro Football Hall of Famer and Chicago Bear legend Dick Butkus, who passed away at the age of 80. some said, keep dreaming. Now we're working on an EV that has wings, and someday we'll turn your old Honda into your brand-new Honda, because we are a company of dreamers setting out to be carbon-neutral by 2050. Uh, I don't know, Jake from State Farm. But just imagine, Mahomes and MaAuto. Best bundle in the league, baby. Man, why can't Patrick change his name? It could be Kelce and "Kelce how much you can save by bundling home and auto." You make the letters smaller. Put your jersey on. Come on! --just another way to save with the Personal Price Plan. Next week, we're heading to Kansas City for Broncos-Chiefs. We don't know if Taylor Swift will be there, but we do TNF in the Shop will be part of the action. Here are LeBron, Mav, and Paul Rivera to tell you what to expect. We're back! Crew is back. Thursday Night Football in the Shop. [laughter, applause] Shout-out to Al Michaels, Kirk Herbstreit, and Amazon Prime for having us back. Thank you. October 12, we'll see you-- KC and the Broncos. Oh, man, I can't wait for that. Anytime you say KC, the first thing you think about is Pat Mahomes, of course. You add Travis Kelce. You add the big guy calling the shots, and it's an Arrowhead, too, one of the craziest environments So what we got from the Broncos, though? You've got to find out if Russ and Sean are going to work out. We're going to talk about in the shop. You never know who's going to stop by. By the way, Travis, you still owe us an appearance. We talked about this. We'll see you on a bye week or the offseason after you win another Super Bowl. But in the meantime, we will see you October 12 on Amazon Prime in the shop. Yes, sir. I tell you what, I'm glad we get the Shop back, huh? We got Magic Johnson. Oh, man, this is great. But I can't wait to get back out to Kansas City, see how they keep evolving as a team. I do not think they've played their best football yet. Going against the Broncos, going to be a great game. Russell Wilson played pretty well last week, got his first win. Yeah, Kansas City has won 15 straight against the Broncos. Meanwhile, the Chicago Bears looking to get their first win in almost a year. And who's happy about this halftime score? Lil Durk. Coming up after TNF Nightcap, we'll be taking the stage in Los Angeles and performing tracks from his current smash album, Almost Amazon Music Live, when the game ends and the music begins. And there were plenty of questions for the Bears after Sunday's loss, and they've answered them so far on both sides of the ball. Chicago leading this one 27 to 3 at the half. This has been the State Farm halftime show. The second half is next. We will see you postgame. You think life is short? Football is short. The regular season's just 18 weeks, just three days a week, sometimes just one game a day. So cherish every over and under, before it's over, on FanDuel, with live betting on every NFL game, because before you know it, a cold night at the Buffalo Bills game will just be a cold night in Buffalo. Bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets, guaranteed. FanDuel, America's number one sportsbook. The new iPhone 15 Pro is here. Built with titanium and featuring the most powerful iPhone camera yet. Get it with Boost Infinite and transcend to a wireless utopia. The new Titanium iPhone 15 Pro, on us, no trade-in needed. Enjoy unlimited wireless and the latest iPhone every year for $60 a month. --tonight, after the game. This broadcast is copyrighted by NFL Productions for the private use of our audience. Any other use of this broadcast or any pictures, descriptions, or accounts of the game without the consent of NFL Productions is prohibited. Tune in for a special Sunday-morning game as the Jaguars face the Bills in London at 9:30 AM Eastern on NFL Network. Then Week 5 continues on CBS and Fox, followed by Sunday Night Football on NBC, and concludes with Monday Night Football on ESPN and ABC. Stream games live on your mobile device with NFL Plus. Prime Stories Now is presented by Visible. The Chicago Bears-- everything working perfectly in the first half. You have Justin Fields, big half. Threw for 189 yards, three touchdowns. 27 to 3 is our score. Again, a tremendous first half for Chicago. He's done it now in consecutive games. Did it against Denver last week in the first half with three TD passes. They've been tough on the ground and in the air, and of course, a tremendous start tonight. DJ Moore, 124-- 125 receiving yards for the TD in three consecutive games. 307 total yards in the first half. So I mean, every number, you can look anywhere you want. 14 to 5 in first downs. 307 to 84 in yardage, and some of that 84 came at the end and didn't mean anything in the first half. Yeah, pretty much every stat you can look at is different from what we expected when we drove up to the stadium today. I mean, everything is contrary to what most people expected to see in this first half, but if you're Matt Eberflus, it's pretty easy to rallying call. Just remember last week, 21 to 7 at half. Got it all the way up to 28 to 7 on Denver and ended up losing the game. Right, 31-28. All right, we start with the touchback here. Washington at the 25 yard line, but first, to Kaylee. Coach, how do you contain the Bears offense? Well, we got 30 minutes. We'll find out. We got to find that [muted] out on the field. It's got to be the guys that go out and step up and play some football. What did you say to try to rally your guys during the half? My guys have got to do to the guys are going to go out on the field, so those-- they talked about. And what did they say. They talked about doing it for each other more so than anything else. Thank you, coach. Direct. For sure. To the 25. Pass, Robinson makes the grab. Robinson is able to slide away from contact, and it's a good beginning for Washington to start the third quarter as he takes it to midfield, gain of 24 yards. Screens have hurt this defense all year long, and the timing of this is pretty good by Sam Howell. He looks left, kind of shows he's going to go to the man in motion, then comes back. Gets rid of it just in time and picks up some good blocks downfield. I'm surprised they're not going a little faster with a little bit of tempo just because Sam Howell looked so good last week against Philly late in that game in that two minute drill when he's playing with a little bit more urgency. Play-action. Good protection. That's caught. Gain of about six, Brian Robinson making the grab again. Call it a seven yard pickup, second down and 3 for the Commanders. Now, you go back to the beginning of this game, the plan that Ron Rivera and his staff came up with, with Eric Bieniemy, was being patient, knowing that the Bears are going to sit back without those three defensive backs, their starters in the game. They thought they'd get a lot of zone, and it's just taking their time and being patient. Much tougher to do down 24 in the second half. That pass is caught for a first down, and then shoved out of bounds. That's Logan Thomas shoved out by Stevenson, so another first down for Washington. Right away, Eric Bieniemy attacking the softer coverage. If you're going to get easy throws to pick up first downs, you take it. This second half could come down to their ability You're going to move the ball between the 20s. What are you going to do when you get down in the red zone, and those windows get tighter? They got great length at linebacker with Tremaine Edmunds and DJ Edwards. That red zone's has been foreign territory for these guys to this point. From the 39 on first down. Getting round here to Gibson, and they picked up three first downs on the first four plays of the third quarter. Remember we talked about what Chicago's doing? They don't want to give up that easy, easy score. They don't want to give up anything downfield, so they're just sinking in coverage. And Howell knows that, and Eric Bieniemy talked to him about that at halftime. And you get the ball out to an athlete like Gibson, who's a former receiver in college, and has done it up at this level. Pick up again, positive yards. I'm telling you, it's going to come down to that red zone. You're going to move the ball. Picked up 48 yards on the first four plays on this drive. From the 27 now, blitz coming from the outside. Picked it up initially, has time, throws, contact, flag, pass incomplete, but you got Stevenson covering McLaurin, who's been silent tonight. McLaurin only one target one catch coming in three yards. Going to call it against Chicago. On the defense, number 29. That's a spot foul, an automatic first down. Well, it's a great matchup. The reason McLaurin's had a quiet night is, again, going back to the plan, you got a rookie corner. He's not crazy. You're going up against a really talented receiver. You're giving him space. That out and up doesn't fool him. He's going to give up anything except something downfield, but he ends up getting caught with hands-- Number 78 of the offense is reporting his own-- The ball down inside the 2 yard line. 25 yard penalty on a pass that might not have been catchable to begin with going that far out Logan Thomas lined up in the backfield. Now, he goes out on the wing to the right. Robinson is the back. Fake to him, and Howell on the run. Howell throws to the end zone. It's caught. Thomas, touchdown Washington. Man, they must have had a pretty good talking to each other in that locker room. That's the way you want to start the second half. Actually, Elijah Hicks plays this pretty well off the ball. They're going to go for two. 27-9. For what it's worth, it would make it a two possession lead, if they get it, to make it 27 to 11. So going for the deuce here. See, Hicks initially had him covered off the line. He was almost expecting that play action pass. But then just got his eyes on a quarterback and lost a big tight end there in coverage. And that secondary minus Eddie Jackson, who would be their top guy, going for a pair here. Howell again rolling, looking, going to keep it himself and get in there. Two-point conversion is good, so the crowd comes to life. The Commanders come to life. That took three minutes to go 75 yards. Five plays to make it 27 to 11. Please, please, please, please, please. The all new Hyundai Kona-- You look into a camera, and you say I hate, yada yada, and I love that this company doesn't have any of that. Do you two know what yada yada is? Of course. Do you have an activation fee? Only when you activate. How many people do I need to get the best price? You shouldn't yada yada that because details matter. Yada yada, I'm already in an ad for Visible. Visible has no activation fees, no need for a family plan. Just one line wireless on Verizon's Network for $25 a month every month. This month, join the New Subway MVP rewards program Get 50% off any footlong when you join Subway MVP rewards. It's just for Subway MVPs. You catch on quick Herbert. Feeling sluggish or weighed down? Could be a sign that your digestive system Metamucil gummies make it easy to get the fiber you need, promoting your digestive health for a better you. Metamucil gummies-- the easy way to get your daily fiber. advanced tech features. From the diabolical world of the Boys, Gen V, new series set at a prestigious college for superheroes. New episode tonight only on Prime Video. Prestigious college, Columbus, Ohio? Could be. Yeah, Tempe? Yes, could be. Oh, beautiful. Meanwhile, the Washington Commanders must have set their alarm clock for about 9:45 PM Eastern time because they woke up, and they woke up in a hurry after that horrific first half. Down the field they go in exactly three minutes, five first downs along the way. Plus Ron Rivera's comment to Kaylee. "I didn't talk to them. They talked to themselves." "Let's play for each other." Perfect. One more touchback. Well, what a first half for Justin Fields and the ability to get the ball out of his hands quicker than we've seen this year. 3.2 is a little bit long, but he had time to make the read because of the offensive line here. Much quicker with the pressure in his face. Able to make another great throw downfield. Here, even faster, 2.1 for the tight end to the-- touchdown to the big tight end Kmet. So he has been in that zone. He's felt good every single possession. Points up on the board for the Bears. Near perfect first half offensively and defensively as well. Second half, Fields coming back the other way. He turns it into about a 3 yard gain. A lot of excitement there, and again, we thought we'd see more of this, him trying to get to the edge. They didn't really hide this at all. He just got a lead blocker with Herbert, but good job by the corner and the safety, beating him to the spot. Instead of him just giving up on the play, because of his athletic ability, he tries to keep that play alive. But that's the way you want to start if you're the Commanders defense, containing Fields and keeping him short of picking up some big yards. Once he went down, it was spotted after only a one yard pickup. Second and 9 for the fake toss. Keeps it himself. There he goes for a first down. The right tackle and rookie out of Tennessee was their first round pick. It's a really good follow up there by Luke Getsy. The defense is worried about the perimeter. They're worried about everything going outside because of the success in the first half. Instead, he fakes it and then counters back the other way and got some great blocks by that offensive line. You're right, Darnell Wright, the rookie right tackle, and Cole Kmet led the way that time for the first down. What a threat as a runner, Justin Fields. 9 carries the night. 42 yards. Tipped and incomplete. Montez Sweat got a hand on it. DaRon Payne forced that issue on the rush. Second and 10. What a match up here against Nate Davis. This is a tough matchup to the inside. Sweat's going to end up getting his hand on the football, but reason he's able to make that play is what you see right there, is the big fella, Daron Payne, look at him shed Davis and then pick up momentum. Field very fortunate to even get that ball out. Pressure, and that's caught. Moore gets back into the action after that. DJ Moore had eight catches last week. Tonight, after a quick five, his first one since early in the second. Six targets, six catches. The adjustments Jack Del Rio has made is more movement with that front. They weren't able to win in the first half. He's adding linebackers now and blitzing that time with Jamin Davis. Third and 5. Fields under pressure. Escapes again. A little bit low, and it's Herbert there. Does not make the grab. Incomplete. Got rid of it through a too low fourth down, and Herbert is down. He bent backwards. The pressure is by Chase Young out here. Fields does a good job of stepping up, away from the pressure, and then he's a threat to run. And it puts Davis in a tough spot. He takes Fields, and that's where you worry about Herbert there, having to bend backwards to try to make that catch. And still work on Fields as we take a break-- The regular season is just 18 weeks, just three days a week. Sometimes, just one game a day. So cherish every over and under before it's over on FanDuel because, before you know it, a cold night at the Buffalo Bills Bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets guaranteed. Josh. It's like they don't even believe the NFL on CBS streams live on Paramount Plus. Higher education isn't what it used to be. The NFL on CBS streams live on Paramount Plus. The NFL on CBS streams live-- (SPEAKING TOGETHER) The Paramount Plus. This is why we teach. I'll be there in 30 minutes, I think. See you there. [dog whining] [car horns honking] I'm moving! Please, please, please, please. Oh, thank you. Rerouting. Class leading safety and tech features to elevate your commute. The all new Hyundai Kona. KFC's $20 filler box. (SINGING) Oh, yes, it's chicken night. Fried chicken night. Oh, yes, it's chicken night. Oh, what a night. Make it a chicken night with free delivery every Thursday. (SINGING) It's finger lickin' good. To those who feast on ribs the same way they feast on the competition, plop, plop, fizz, fizz, ballers. Alka-Seltzer, amazing fast heartburn relief. After the game, stay tuned for TNF Nightcap presented It's where the biggest stars sit down with our team to celebrate their win. The sky's the limit for this team. These fans are very excited about that. It's TNF Nightcap presented by Allstate tonight after the game. The Lincoln Memorial here in Washington DC. The good news right now is that Herbert was able to walk off the field. Went to commercial. He was still down there for close to a minute. They'll put him into the medical tent. He got bent backwards, and here's Chicago's first punt of the night. 11 yard line, Jameson Crowder trying to go around the left side. Able to turn the corner and turn it into a decent run back. 9 and 1/2 left in the third, and Washington with a quick drive. Three minutes to score and get the two point conversion. At it again. Whatever the Commanders, the players, said to each other, obviously, Ron Rivera's got to be excited with the idea and the concept and the energy that they have come out here with. Offense goes right down the field, five plays and a touchdown. Defense gets the Bears offense off the field, and just like that, they got the football back. 9 and 1/2 minutes here to go in the third quarter. Got the ball out underneath screen game that last drive. Four-man rush. Gets it away. Pick up six or seven on that first down play. They go to Logan Thomas one more time. He's been the main man, seven targets, seven catches for 56. Eric Bieniemy loves what he's seeing. His quarterback is following the orders of, hey, they're going to take away everything downfield. Let's send those receivers downfield. Let's open things up for our tight ends and our backs out of the backfield. Empty here. We go five wide. It's going to be a first down here. Thomas tough-- ball comes out. Chicago thinks they have it, and they do. Ruling on the field is the ball was fumbled and recovered by the defense. Terell Smith comes away with it. That's the ruling on the field. Obviously, it gets checked out, so Thomas struggling, straining for the extra yardage. Winds up costing him. Yeah, and Greg Stroman's trying to get at the ball, but I think it was the rookie Smith, as you said, not just coming up with it. Stroman's in there knocking it away, but I think it's 32, with his right hand right there, pulls away to get that ball dislodged, and then right there, presents of mind to jump on it. How about the rookie out of Minnesota? Four year starter in college. Presence of mind to be aware that, hey, we got a shot to get this football out, and they do. Forced fumble, fumble recovery. They've checked it out. It's kosher, and they have it at the 46 yard line. Go up with a tight formation here. Field surveys, and he's going to go in his own territory. That time, Jonathan Allen got there to get the sack. Jonathan Allen lined up on the left side of this offensive line, and really good work here, being able to not give up on the play. He's handled there initially, but that swim move gets him through, and then he just picks up Justin Fields, who's 230 pounds. Picks him up and pile drives him into the ground. There's so much sensitivity to the quarterback and how he gets touched, and here he's a ball carrier. But man, that was a power-- just a pile drive into the ground. Yeah, normally, you got to finesse him down. Second and 15. Here they come again. Off his back foot, Fields throws. Pressure on that time. Blasingame was the guy in the neighborhood. Cody Barton, that time, was the first guy in. Third and 15, and you've got a flag down. Scott Novak sidling over to his contemporaries. There is no foul for an illegal shift. Please set the play clock to 40 seconds. 40 on the play clock. They may not have talked to the players, but they talked to each other about adjustments as a defense. And because that front four wasn't winning, they have dialed up-- you see the backers right there? It's Barton who gets in there. They actually brought both the backers on that play. So third down and 15. There is a quintessential false start. False start, offense number 69. That's a five yard penalty. Larry Borom, you saw Chase Young coming across the line. Whitehair moves to center. Carter now is in at left guard. They've had a few different combinations they've been working with, and this is the first time the crowd has been a factor to affect the communication up front. That was actually Ja'Tyre Carter moving over along that line, where they keep shuffling and juggling with all of the injuries. He was called third down and 20. Fields throwing. Throws that one away. Again, the pressure, that time, took care of it, and they force a quick punt. have a backup left tackle in Larry Borom who's in no man's land against Chase Young. We mentioned Chase Young looks healthier and looks back to his true form. Outside move, then gets underneath with that length and speed, and that really blew the play up. So again, these Commanders playing the way we expected them to play all game long, but it took them a half to get warmed up and to bring that pressure. So they survive the turnover, and the punt here will be down just outside the 15 yard line. 740 to go in the third quarter. It's Chicago 27, Washington 11. My dad went EV. It's electric. Don't be shocked. Nice car. It's an "ev." Introducing the all electric Hyundai Ioniq 6 with up to 360 mile range. When it comes to EVs, we're thinking of every mile. I'm the heat on the street, and I'm asking women one burning question. What's VMS? I have no idea. I've never-- I don't know. What if I told you it actually has to do with menopause? Yay. Well, then maybe I would say-- Malicious sweat. Actually VMS stands for Vasomotor Symptoms, which is the medical term for hot flashes and night sweats due to menopause. That's what's making me hot at night. More like day and night. If you're heated about being overheated, go to whatsvms.com At Firehouse Subs, every sub is stacked with mouthwatering meats and cheeses in every bite, packed with big, bold flavors to answer every craving, served hot on a toasted roll every time. Only at Firehouse Subs. Young lady who is mid 30s, a couple of kids, recently went through a divorce, so she had a lot of questions when she came in. I watched my mother go through being a single mom. At the end of the day, my mom raised three children, including myself, and so once the client knew that she was heard, we were able to help her move forward. Your client won't care how much you know until they know how much you care. The NFL is back across the pond-- As Trevor Lawrence and the Jags take on Josh Allen and the Bills. Live from London. Rise, shine, and watch. I'm him. Sunday at 9:30 on-- [audio logo] [musical chord] Time for Tonight's Journey brought to you by Hyundai. Fields, in that first half against second straight week, Washington scoring on the first drive of the second half, getting the two point conversion. Bears haven't won since they went to New England and knocked off the Patriots last October the 24th. Part of turning a franchise around is not just Xs and Ox. It's a mentality. It's learning how to win, and right now, that's what Matt Eberflus is facing. He's trying to get his team to not just, hey, we're playing great for a half. We want to play 60 minutes. We want to learn how to win football games. He knows all too well. Howell throws. Slipping a tackle. Turning it into about a six yard pickup. Brian Robinson, Kaylee, what do know? Guys, we don't have official word yet on Bears running back Khalil Herbert, but he has been running up and down the sidelines behind the Bears bench, testing the range of motion of that right ankle that you saw bend back so uncomfortably. But that running back group tonight, guys, they have had a tough go. Travis Homer, he is now questionable with a hamstring. Roschon Johnson, that rookie is out because of a concussion, and D'Onta Foreman, he's inactive. So they've had to turn to that fullback Khari Blasingame to get somebody on the field in their place, but Khalil Herbert looks like he's doing everything Yeah, we'll see what happens when they're on offense. Meanwhile, that pass is hauled in by Gibson. Stays in bounds. Takes it to the 35 yard line. Down the sideline goes Gibson over Brister. That's a gain of 41. And now, that's the beauty of his versatility. He's a running back, really, slash receiver, and he's matched up one on one against Brisker, who's a safety. So this is a favorable matchup. It's not just a running back. Gibson knows how to run routes. He knows how to track the football, and a good job here by Sam Howell locating that matchup. No safety support. Gets the ball out at 2.7 seconds. Yeah, Gibson was the number one running back for two years. Now, he finds himself as a backup, and in Memphis, he did everything. To the 40, 35 yard line. That pass is caught, and taking it to the 20, Dotson. Jahan Dotson, number one pick out of Penn State last season. Now, you'll love this. Eyes just on Brisker. Comes down, quickly knows he's got that glance route, and he makes the decision off of Brisker coming down. He would have worked to the outside if he stayed back. Instead, he saw him slide down after the snap there, trying to fool him, being as young as he is, but he recognized it quickly and got the ball out in a hurry. At the 21. Sack, big play Stroman, who had the interception that led to a touchdown at the end of the first half and started his career with Washington. And now, again, we just talked about how they're disguising, trying to fool him. Look at this safety right now. He doesn't look like he's going to cheat down and help out. See how they're hiding that blitz, and eventually late, this blitz comes right there. Safety comes over to take that zone area and completely-- you don't see his head. He doesn't even look. They disguised it so well, he didn't even look to think that was a threat to his left, to the blind side. Nine yard sack. Second and 19. Caught inside the 30. Dotson to the 22. Third and long. Gain of seven. It'll be third and 12. 4 and 1/2 to go in the third. Matt Eberflus, who has taken over not just, obviously, head coaching duties, he's taken over as a defensive coordinator He said he's able to manage throughout the week and still, obviously, deal with his day to day job as a head coach. But he's in there getting his defense prepared, going back to his roots. Rush four. Howell steps up. Runs into traffic. Gets away and stays in bounds and comes close to a first down. What a move, avoiding tackles, almost stepped out of bounds, and he's going to set up a fourth down and 2. But the athletic ability here, we've talked all night about Justin Fields being a threat and what he can do as a runner and a scrambler and ability They're booing because the field goal unit's coming out, but I mean, this looks like he's done. He's sacked. A stunt offensive line doesn't pick it up. I almost think he was ready to give up on it, but he just keeps kind of fighting it. Pump fake right there. So a 32 yard attempt. Washington trying to make it a 13 point deficit. Slye's kick is good. Crowd wanted him to go for it on the fourth, and it would have been fourth and 3. And with 3:17 to go in the third, 27-14 Bears. I am no devil. (SINGING) Bigfoot, Bigfoot, get out the way. Bussing out there I'll be messing all day. Bussing out bails, we were selling that hay. We were moving that soul-- Your light binder's ready. Can you order me 400 more of these headphones? (SINGING) I'ma show y'all how to move. Hey! You're going to like this story because it's about you, you who forgot to charge your phone last night, you who sprints to the boarding line so your bag will fit, you with him. Until one day, you boarded a United plane that was designed for, well, you, and your phone got charged. Your bag fit. So did everyone else's, but this story isn't about them. Your toddler didn't tantrum, and you got to fly happily ever after, the end. It's a beautiful day for football and a beautiful day for a Bills victory. Bills lose 0 to 13. Pitched that one down the sideline. Now, Norwood trying to kick is longest ever on grass. Score by Flutie. Go, Bills. Go, Buffalo! Thank you, grandpa. How do I look? Looks terrific. Amazon Music Live back at midnight Eastern time. Chicago rapper, Lil Durk, and our main host, 2 Chainz. Tune in right here on Prime Video. When the game ends, live music will begin. Looking up at the Washington Monument. Well, Dick Butkus passed away earlier today. There he was with George Halas and Gale Sayers. Sayers and Butkus were picked in the first round in 1965. They had the third and fourth picks. And when those two guys got honored a number of years ago, on either a Sunday or Monday night game at Soldier Field, you had Sayers and Butkus. I'll never forget, one of the newspapers had the headline was the picture of the two, Beauty and the Beast. Gale's hair is so smooth. And Dick Butkus is really the measure of linebackers from the time he played in college and forced a brilliant career in Chicago. Everybody compared everybody to Dick Butkus. But a man with a great sense of humor turned into a pretty good acting career. You got Trevor Lawrence picked first, you got Zach Wilson picked second, Lance third, so Lawrence working out pretty well.