Miami won the toss. They've deferred. Jason Sanders to kick off. Xavier Gibson back to receive for New York, and off we go on Black Friday from the Meadowlands starting at the 25 yard line, and immediately, we will see the New Jets quarterback. Tim Boyle went to Connecticut for three years, college football, then went to Eastern Kentucky for one. Been around. In Green Bay for three years. Backed up Aaron Rodgers. Went to Detroit. Played three games when Jared Goff got hurt. Went to Chicago at the end of last year. Came here, and here he is, something new, Can he give them a spark? Breece Hall is the running back, and he goes nowhere against that Dolphin defense. That's Bradley Chubb right there, making the stop. We were talking to Robert Saleh about the quarterback change and all of that. He says, hey, maybe he's the next Kurt Warner. They can only pray. Yeah. I think, for fans that aren't familiar with him, and many aren't, he brings poise. I think what you saw last week is, when they throw the ball, one of the problems with Zach Wilson is he held the ball too long. A lot of sacks, a lot of turnovers. I think, tonight, it's just about cleaning things up when when they do throw, get the ball out of his hands, especially against this Dolphins defense. So the Jets now backup quarterbacks on the sideline. Nice run here after the 32 yard line, setting up a third down and 2, and Jerome Baker is a little slow in the rising and hops back to the defensive huddle. Third down. Think about this. This is an offense that has scored one touchdown in the last 46 possessions, so for Tim Boyle tonight, it's, again, showing poise and making good decisions. Saw Aaron Rodgers on the sideline. Comes to a lot of the Jets games since the injury. Third and 2. They go no huddle here, and you've got a flag and a free play, and the pass is caught up at the 37 yard line. So either way, they were going to wind up with the first down here because Bradley Chubb came across the line. Showing that experience with Aaron Rodgers. He used that hard count at a great time there on third down and short. So with Aaron, he was in Green Bay three years, two of those with Nathaniel Hackett, who's his offensive coordinator now with the Jets. John Hussey is our referee. Offside, defense number 92. That five yard penalty results in a first down. And honestly, I think that's why he's on the roster-- Nathaniel Hackett's background and experience with him, and those couple of years in Green Bay, and his familiarity with the scheme. That's the thing that I think will be different to fans watching, is he has command of the offense because of his time in Green Bay. He's a guy that, even when he was the third guy this year, he's showing up at 6:00 in the morning. Always prepping and always showing up and doing the right thing. And speaks glowingly of his time with Rodgers. Play action. Pass is high and incomplete there. Intended for Jeremy Ruckert. So for Boyle, there they are in Green Bay. It's funny because you look at-- and again, another shot, Rodgers, Hackett, and Boyle. We told you before, he went to Connecticut, and his statistics in college were awful. The other day, in his words, he said they're piss poor, and they're worse than that, but he got a chance. He had a great Pro Day, he said. Green Bay happened to be there, and they invited him in. They did. Breece Hall is the running back, and he gets corralled behind the line of scrimmage. Jaelan Phillips, number 15, is right there. That Dolphin defense, which of course, was paling in comparison to the offense early in the season, but now, really starting to come on. Yeah, Vic Fangio, one thing you always think about is having great outside linebackers, and he's got Chubb on one side and Phillips on the other. And we always equate great outside backers in this scheme with their ability to rush the quarterback. But Vic Fangio quickly to point out how good these guys are at setting that edge, and great example there by Phillips. So five wide including Dalvin Cook, who is in the game. Four-man rush. Boyle throws. Caught up at the 40 yard line, but well shy of the first down. Garrett Wilson making the catch there, so they picked up a first down off the penalty, and now have to punt. Keep in mind, we're going to talk so much about Boyle, but Robert Saleh also talking to us on the field This offensive line-- and we'll talk more about it. It has been a revolving door, having their eighth different offensive line combination today. So when they get in third and long, they're in big trouble protecting the quarterback. Thomas Morstead, 14th year in the league, most of those with the Saints early on. Braxton Berrios to run it back. Fair catch called for, made, 15 yard line, and that's where the Miami Dolphins will start their first drive with Tua-- Meanwhile from the 15 yard line. Miami begins this drive with a Mostert run. He goes nowhere, and right there, Quinnen Williams, number 95, taking him down for a loss. And now you got some action on the field, and you got flags all over the place. Well, with this offensive line moving around some new pieces up front-- After the play was over, personal foul, unnecessary roughness. Defense, number 70. That 15 yard penalty will be enforced on the previous spot. Automatic first down. Yeah, the flags were flying. Quinton Jefferson flagged. Well, this Jets defense came out even when we were at the break. Correction, the penalty was a dead ball foul, so it was enforced from the end of the run. Yeah, they're bouncing around, showing a lot of energy, and then they make a big play with Quinnen Williams. And then all that is taken away because of a dead ball foul right here after the whistle with Jefferson. I mean, that was-- the timing of that is when it was called, well after the whistle. Sometimes, we see that, and we think, that wasn't that bad, but I think if you realized how late it came, it caught the attention of the officials. The enforcement of the penalty was after the play was over. Therefore, we're going to enforce it from the 11 yard line to the 26, and it's an automatic first down. And Robert Salah just took Jefferson out of the game and replaces him with Solomon Thomas. Yeah, the intent there with the headbutt, you just got a lot of energy here early. Penned them back inside the 20 to 15. That's a big deal for this defense. They want 3 and outs, and they want to give their offense great field position, so they make a mental error here on the first play. Tagovailoa, the only left handed starting quarterback in the league. It's dropped, and then recovered at the 32 yard line. Mostert is there. Had it. Recovered it. Ashtyn Davis covering on the play. Gain of 5. Really good job by Davis there in coverage, and even a better job by the defense forcing Tua to have to work back all the way to his third option. That ball is out. That's a live ball. Miami fortunate to get back on it. They're going to take-- they're actually going to challenge this, Al. Well, Hussey goes over to check with Saleh. The New York Jets are challenging the ruling on the field of a completed catch. Timeout. So that challenge comes less than four minutes into the game. Take another look. Did he control it? Did he not? [music playing] Terry McCauley indicates incomplete. We'll see the review. The call has been reversed because it's ruled that Mostert had two feet down. Didn't take a move after that, so they do-- the Jets do win the challenge, and it makes it second down and 10 instead of second down and 5. But, Kirk, you make a challenge like that early on on a relatively inconsequential play, and you wonder, does it come back? Especially if you lose it, then you're only down to one. You don't see too many early challenges like that. You don't see that often, but I think it shows you the confidence and how much they knew that this was going to be reversed. And also, they get Tua behind the sticks by getting that incompletion. But now, Hill has it, and Hill is out of bounds after a couple. Let's take a look at some of the Tagovailoa statistics this year, and they are great. 70%, almost 3,000 yards, 2 and 1/2 to 1 touchdown to interception ratio, 21 touchdowns, third in the NFL. And you think back to last year, those two serious concussions. He even thought about, well, maybe it's time to retire, but here he is, coming back and playing great. Third and 8. Down the sideline. Guess who's out in front? And a saving tackle at the end of the play, and hopping away is Hill. He makes the grab. He went to the ground. He gets tripped up by DJ Reed to save a touchdown in all likelihood, but now, after a 36 yard gain, He came out of last week's game with a hand injury for a while. Got back in, and now this. Yeah, third down and long, you're going to put corners on islands. DJ Reed is very good, but you're talking about one of one with Tyreek Hill and staying with him on that slot fade. Fortunate just to catch up with him and bring him down. So Hill on the sideline. Line of scrimmage is the 37, and this is Waddle. And what a 1-2 punch that is, Hill and Waddle. Jordan Whitehead is right there, and Hill in some pain on the Dolphins bench. He got behind coverage, a great throw. The timing, amazing, and just gets caught there as he was coming down with Reed, making that tackle from behind. But how about how they stretch you not just vertically? They stretch you horizontally. The presnap movement puts so much on the eyes of the defense, especially the linebackers and safeties. Lead the league in scoring. Lead the league in yards per game. And that's incomplete, that pass off the hands of Durham Smythe, the tight end, to make it third down and 2 at the Jets 29 yard line. And the equalizer tonight for this defense has got to be the defensive front, which is obviously a strength with Quinnen Williams and Jermaine Johnson, John They can get pressure without having to bring the blitz, and those guys are going to have to dominate against a Miami offense that's beat up as far as the interior. Conner Williams is fine at center, but you got a couple backups playing, Eichenberg on that right guard and Lester Cotton, the same lineup they used last week in their game. Guess who's back? That didn't take long. Sat out one play. Third down and 2 now, and-- First charged timeout Miami. Timeout taken here by Mike McDaniel and the Dolphins, and we go to Kaylee. Tyreek Hill got a quick exam of his left foot while he was on the sidelines. They spatted him up, and he ran right back out there. But, guys, he was on the injury report week 11 because of that foot. That was like going to urgent care drive-through. Well, he is so motivated not just individually, because this guy, he's on pace to go over 2,000 yards as a receiver, which we've never seen. Obviously, Calvin Johnson had a magical year, came close with his 16 games. But he's not a selfish guy. How many times have we heard from Miami folks about how hard he works in practice, what a great teammate he is, how much he energizes everybody with his approach on a day to day basis? Well, of course, he came over from Kansas City. Great amount of success there, obviously. And then the trade, and loving it in South Beach. Here's Hill. First down. Lots more. Bounces off a couple of tackles. Takes it to about the 10 yard line. Tackled there by DJ Reed, and you got Alec Ingold leading the way with a nice block. Al, you know it's coming. You just don't know, is he going to jet motion I mean, Reed is out-- his second time he's out here by himself. Now, he's got to respond to this. Now, he's got momentum, and instead of continuing across the field, he catches that quick throw. And look at the convoy he's got in front of him. I mean, it's tough enough to tackle this guy in space. Now, you get him in space and look at these linemen out in front, athletic, and helping him almost get to the end zone. Drive started at its own 15 for Miami-- Now, first and 10. Hill, this time, in the slot. Fake it to him. Toss it to Mostert, and stays in bounds for three or four yards. Second down. Yeah, they just stay one step ahead of you with the execution, and a lot of people talk about the speed, But I think Tua Tagovailoa has taken a different step in his second year with Mike McDaniel and the execution of this offense, the things that he does presnap. There's so much movement, and how he is in command in how comfortable he is with what he's seeing from the defenses. He and Mike McDaniel work very, very well together and allow him to really orchestrate this offense. It's really a match made in heaven, the way it looks right now. Second down and 4. Slips to the outside. Breaking a tackle. Picks up about one. Mostert broke away from Quincy Williams. Mostert in his ninth year in the league. Guys in their ninth year in the league normally aren't what they were in the combine, but this guy is still as fast as he ever was. Yeah, you back, and you look at his career, his first five years, he was just trying to make a roster. He's a lot of practice squad moments, and you think that the guy's not going to be able to do much. But look at his numbers now, I mean, the fact he's averaging 5.2 yards a carry. I think he says it all, and he's a great complement to what they do on the perimeter. 11 rushing TDs, 13 TDs total. Third and 3. Tua, in the pocket, has time. Comes out the back door. Keeps it himself and gets upended by Whitehead inside the 5 yard line. So now, you have fourth and 2, and we'll see about McDaniel's call here. So you got a man-- these two guys were on the same staff in San Francisco. McDaniel, offensive pedigree. Saleh, of course, the defensive pedigree. Leave the offense in here right here. Who wins? Fourth and 2. Now, he comes back inside a little bit. Going that way, and can Hill pull it in? He cannot. Sauce Gardner covering on the play, so there is a big time matchup, the great receiver, the great corner, and the Jets win that mini battle to keep it scoreless with 6 and 1/2 to go in the opening quarter. Great ball just goes right through the hands-- On Hill, even though he was out for only one play. Could not. McDaniel checking with him. He'll say, man, I should have had that one. Look at this. Woo. That's on Tua's right arm, his non-throwing arm. What a gash. A chunk there. So meanwhile, from the 5 yard line, now, second drive. Breece Hall is the running back. Look out in the end zone, and he squirts it away. And it's picked up by the Dolphins at the 5 yard line, It's Jaelan Phillips who's there. That's an incompletion. Officials checking with each other. Was the arm coming forward? There's Carl Johnson, who used to be the head of officiating. He comes in, tells John Hussey, who tells us. Number 7 was able to throw the ball to a receiver in the area. Incomplete pass. That's his best play here in this early part of this game. Just somehow, someway, getting that football out of his hands. Phillips has him. That looks like it's a safety, and just before he goes down, Please reset the game clock to 6:29, please. And fortunately, for him, it's not intentional grounding, where it would be a safety. He's able to just flip it out there to Bowden. So that offensive line reconstructed. Young trying to hold off that defense. Ain't easy. Prove it again here. [inaudible] taken down. Raekwon Davis, number 98 comes in there. Third down and long. Vic Fangio, obviously, is slanting and moving his defensive line at the snap of the ball, making this offensive line that doesn't have a lot of experience working together, making them have to think, after the snap, and it's freeing those backers against this run game just to get downhill in a hurry. And that line two rookie's a first year guy, a second year guy. They're lucky they have Tomlinson, 78, left guard, who's played every snap this season. Third and 10, deep drop, and he flips it out to the flat. And taking it out to the 14 yard line goes Tyler Conklin, the tight end, but short of the first, and they'll punt. Considering you don't make it on fourth down, you put Boyle in this Jets offense that's struggling at their own 5 yard line, and now, you're going to try to make them make a play. And they don't, so it's a 3 and out. Miami's going to get the ball back in great field position. Thomas Morstead to punt. Executed a fake punt last week against Buffalo, and it led to their only scoring drive of the afternoon. Berrios back to receive it. Morstead's kick. Barrios backs up. Fields at the 36. Tackled at the 44 yard line. 4:57 remaining in the first. Tua Tagovailoa coming back out. It's so funny. Early on, a couple of years ago, people were saying, well, maybe the Chargers made a better pick, one behind Tua. They got the better of the deal. But now, you look at these guys, Herbert having his issues obviously with the Chargers. Not all his fault, obviously, but this guy in the MVP conversation. Well, and I think it's easy to just react to results, but I think, as you and I both talked about, the fit with Mike McDaniel and the system that they run, it's really a match made in heaven, and it's why Tua has gone to a very different level in this last year and a half. That's Jeff Wilson Jr as the running back. He has the ball and picks up three to the 47 yard line. Tackled there by Solomon Thomas. Yeah, they keep trying to run the football. They love that outside zone, and they love a stretch play to just try to get out on the perimeter and away from the interior of what this Jets defense has, not just two backers in there with Mosley and Quincy Williams, but run the ball away from Solomon Thomas and Quinnen Williams because they are disruptors. Second and 7. Fake toss. Fired, caught, first down. Durham Smythe, the tight end, sixth year out of Notre Dame. Yeah, that's the one position they're continuing to grow, and I think Tua feels more and more comfortable. see how he works through those progressions, keeps his footwork, and the one thing that everybody has talked about Tua since his early days at Alabama is when he gets his feet set and his footwork, as good as you'll see in the league. How accurate a thrower he is. Gives these receivers a chance to make plays after the catch. Hill just ambled off to the sideline, but he's standing up along the sideline. Should be in on the next play, but off for this one. Meanwhile, here's Wilson. To the 30 yard line, he goes. Alex Ingold leading the way. Number 30, the block. Former Raider. Al, I'm glad you brought that up because I think he's the unsung hero of the Mike McDaniel offense. You see Juszczyk in San Francisco. This guy's more physical. Good job of taking the linebacker Quincy Williams out, and the offensive line on that right side just opens it up. So Wilson known more as a physical back in comparison to Mostert, but a good job up front, and a great job by his lead fullback, Ingle. Hill still out for another play. Wilson, again. Can he turn the corner? Gets about four there. CJ Mosley in on the tackle. And Hill comes back in. Mike McDaniel, I'll tell you what, man, he is quirky. He is authentic, and he is fun. What did we have, about 45 minutes with him the other day? We had to get him off the thing. You had to go catch a flight. He wanted to hang out and keep talking. Second down and 6, and that's Hill now. Throw it to him as he lined up deep in the backfield. Tries to get to the first down mark just a little short. DJ Reed stops him there. Third and 1. This is triple option football here, Tua Tagovailoa style with Mike McDaniel. Watch, the pitch man will be Hill, but he's going to throw it. Now, he can flip it out into the flat as well, if the read permits it, to Ingle. But instead, why not just flip it out to the speedster Tyreek Hill? Jeff Albrecht's done a really good job as the Jets defensive coordinator. His defense trying to stiffen here, as he did on the fourth and down on the earlier series, and the pass is incomplete, intended there for Smythe. Covered there by Mosley. So they went for it on fourth down and didn't come up with a first. Turned it over, and now, they're going to send in, at least for the moment, the field goal unit on a fourth and 1. That was a heck of a play by CJ Mosley because the eye candy-- with third down and short, you're thinking Tyreek Hill, and he looks that way. But that hide route coming from the left to the right, a lot of times, he'll get out in the flat and be open. That time, Mosley sniffed that out. 38 yard attempt for Jason Sanders, and there, folks, are your first points of the afternoon. And the Jets to take over at the 25. So meanwhile, the Jets, that offense, grounded indefinitely. 48% of their points on field goals, highest rate in NFL history, minimum 10 games. They've scored a TD on only 23% of their red zone drives to get inside the 20, and they bog down, lowest rate in three decades. They trailed for 70% of the time, and that's the highest percentage since 98. What do you say? Not good. But it's going to be a great game. We promise. I mean, they're hanging in there right now. So far. Got to win with defense. Look out. Not a great way to start, and it's a six yard loss here. But at least they're able to retain possession. Phillips is right there again. He's everywhere, and it'll be second down and 16. Yeah, and this is a case where the back takes his eyes off the football and starts to look where he wants to go, just assuming he's going to be able to handle the ball, and the ball's on the ground. It's been that kind of year. How fitting, after the numbers we just showed you, and how tough of a year. I mean, they have nine offensive touchdowns, think of that, through 10 games. The Dolphins scored 10 when they played Denver. Got 70 points that day. I mean, think about that, 10 weeks or three hours. That pass is caught there, but a short gain for Wilson. He gets stopped after Van Ginkel makes the tackle. It'll be third and 10. So when you see numbers like that, you're going up against a defense that's getting better, especially now that Jalen Ramsey's back. You get behind the sticks on that first down fumble. You're just trying to win field position. It's not about trying to make a big play. It's trying to flip the field and, eventually, hoping your defense and special teams will give you a short field to work with. After Van Ginkel made that last tackle, it's third down and 10 at the 25, and with six seconds to go in the quarter-- False start, offense number 16. Five yard penalty. Kaylee, what you got? Guys, all the Jets offensive struggles have kept Garrett Wilson up at night. They held a players only meeting ahead of last Sunday's game, and even though they didn't play like it, Wilson told me they feel like they are going about the process correctly to address their problems. He said, there's no magic thing anyone can say. We've given it the world, every reason to lose faith in us. Now, he says, we just want to prove to ourselves that we are-- It's third and 15 for the Jets from the 20 yard line. Al Michaels, Kirk Herbstreit, Kaylee Hartung with you on this Black Friday. Four-man rush, a little dump off here, and nothing happening. Jerome Baker is right there to take down Breece Hall. So right now, you have 102 total yards for the Jets-- or for the Dolphins, and 22 for the Jets. And they keep hurting themselves. They had the fumble by Breece Hall. Brownlee, the rookie free agent receiver, with a false start gets them more behind the sticks at third and 15, and puts that much more pressure on that offensive line and quarterback. So Morstead, already his third punt. This one's a beauty. Fielded by Berrios at the 22, and a nice 18 yard run back up to the 40 yard line he goes after a-- Yeah, you're talking about Curtis-- we're talking about Curtis Martin, you and I, beforehand. I mean, who's the greatest Jet ever? His name came up. It certainly did. Darrelle Revis. This drive starts at the 40, and looking for space on the inside. Picking up four or five, is Mostert. And of course, when you think about the iconic Jet, it's Joe Namath in Super Bowl III. Yep. Called his shot. Won the game. Curtis Martin, such a physical and consistent back for the Jets. Namath, of course, is honored. Joe Klecko is also one of the Jets in the Hall of Fame. The Jets have had a lot of players who are in the Hall of Fame, but most of them spent their careers with other teams. Go ahead. [players calling to each other] Second and 6. Mostert swings at the outside, but gets corralled at the line of scrimmage. Taken down there. Bill McDonald is there, also CJ Mosley. Third down and 5. Another player that's known for his ability to rush the quarterback, watch the rookie here, their first round pick, Will McDonald, get off this block. Goes down, and then he doesn't give up. He's crawling on the ground to make that play. That really embodies what this Jets defense is all about and how they play, how they play as a group, and how hard they play. It's really the culture that they've created here. Third and 5. Flag. Could be a free play, and it's a pickup of 16 to Waddle to the 44 yard line. And John Hussey will make it official. Offside, defense number 95. That penalty is declined. Result of the play, first down. Quinnen Williams, gain of 11 on that play. First down at the 44. If you're a Miami fan, the best thing you saw there is not just the free play and the conversion, but the protection. Usually, this ball gets out in a hurry. In fact, Tua gets it out faster than anybody. 2.31 seconds an average on his dropbacks. That time, he had to hold on to that ball and had the time to do it. Rolling left, throwing, and juggled and incomplete. Intended for Tyreek Hill there. You mentioned how quickly he's getting-- Tua's getting rid of the ball, but almost every quarterback That's why the defensive linemen, the guys who live on sacks and make their money on sacks, are so frustrated now. Yeah, I mean, every week, we're able to talk to these guys, and they do get frustrated because you're seeing more and more offensive staffs trying to get to this point. I don't know if anybody's as good. San Francisco with Brock Purdy and Kyle Shanahan, obviously similar scheme. But Tua, because he's just so efficient, and he has such great footwork, gets it out quicker than anybody. Through the middle, inside the 40 yard line goes Mostert. Jermaine Johnson making the tackle. Too bad we don't get a chance, today, to see Devon Achane, that rookie who's got tremendous speed. He's been hurt. Played three snaps last week, but inactive today. Yeah, he's as fast as anybody they have, and they have four or five guys that can run with anybody in the league. Put them all together on one offense, it's tough. Tough to stop, and then the scheme as well, with all the presnap movement, and the way they attack in different ways. They could be the 4 by 100 relay team in Paris next summer. Pass over the middle. That's hauled in at the 32 yard line by Jeff Wilson. Quincy Williams makes that tackle, and with 11 and a half to go in the first half, first down. Again, Tyreek Hill moving. Watch how it affects the defense and how the safeties react to his movement, and then we're going to go the other way. So sometimes, you create matchups favorably by creating space, by movement to get the ball to 10, and then other times, at a critical moment, you move him to catch the eyes of the defense, and then you find other matchups to your advantage. To the 30. Of course, you see a lot of motion, a lot of shifting. The Dolphins, this year, on 87% of their plays, that's seven out of eight, have used shift or motion. And a lot of people might say, why? Why are they doing that? And they do it for a number of different reasons. It creates space, and I've talked to some of the Jets defenders on the field before the game. They say it affects our eyes. It affects our rules. When you see a movement, it's not just he's randomly going in motion. Tyreek Hill is going in full speed motion when he moves, and it makes you have to adjust and communicate, and they're trying to create matchups. Second and 7, a little razzle dazzle here. They got Mostert coming from the outside, coming back in, taking the ball to the 26 yard line, where it'll be third down. It's funny, you look at, again, McDaniel and on those staffs with both Shanahans, with Kyle, with Sean McVay in Washington, and all that. So all these guys come out of the same breed. That same tree. Everybody kind of has their own finesse and their own touch on how they do it and the pieces they have to work with, and this offense is about speed and execution. Third and 6. They're going to call timeout here at the one. Yeah, play clock all the way down to one. Second-- So McDaniel-- Miami. This will be-- Give me a full body shot if you can, Pierre. I mean, here he is now. It's like he wears everything but plus fours on the sideline. He's got his shoe game going. This is not your typical head coach attire. Bill Belichick's not going to come out in that anytime soon. He's got the shirt coming out. He's got the whole thing. I mean, not a fashion plate, but-- Well, I mean, the off white Nike's are pretty strong play by him. Very, Very, and he's got the watch. He's got the glasses. Not your typically dressed coach. Not your typical coach, period. I mean, can you think of somebody comparable? No. He is a different cat, but very authentic, very smart. Third down and 6. Tua buys time, throws into traffic. That's Waddle. Makes the catch and gets taken down inside the 10 yard line by Mosley. Little danger in that throw, but it works for 20 yards. And a first down off a third down play. Well, here's Waddle, going to work to the outside and Tua, again, trusts his accuracy and his decision Good job of stepping up, and it's really about this defender. He's occupied by that underneath route by Tyreek Hill, so he had enough separation there Waddle bring it in. First and goal, taking it to the 7 yard line. Trudging ahead. Mostert, who's already carried eight times today, but for only 15 yards. They lead the entire league in efficiency down in this red zone area. It's because they can run the football, and you have a quarterback that's good at making quick decisions, converting 73% of the time for touchdowns. They're first and points, first in total offense. They're first in rushing. The pass here. Escapes a tackle. Into the end zone he goes for the game's first touchdown. Got away from Jordan Whitehead. Tosses the ball into the stands, and the Dolphins, an extra point away from a 10-0 lead. Whitehead's a good player, but I love how they move Hill around. He's, a lot of times, motioning out of there, but you got a safety on a running back. And that running back, in this case, happens to be the most electrifying player They move him into the backfield and get that matchup against the safety Whitehead. Ooh, you know he got married during the bye week. Sanders for the extra point. I hope that's his wife he tossed it to. We'll find out. Kaylee, find out. 8:21 to go to the half. 10-0 Miami. Safety in the league, mainly with New Orleans. So Tyreek knew exactly where she was. She's in the first row of the end zone, a little souvenir after getting married during the bye week, and the Jets to take over at the 25. And we've got some-- oh, yeah, some wedding photos. She said she was shocked when he posed the question, but there it was. What's better than that? There's your football and a 10-0 lead. She's hoping maybe she can get another ball, too, for the other fans that are up there with her. I wouldn't-- She might get another. [interposing voices] It may happen. Meanwhile, the Jets trying to get something going. Boyle 4 of 6, but for only 16 yards in the air, and looking for some space on the ground. And getting around the corner and picking up the first down, and that gets the crowd into it a little bit. Breece Hall picking up 11. Well, this is what they want to see from Breece Hall. He's got that home run ability, but this is the physicality that they want to see. It's a good block by 16. He occupies the safety right there. Now, he can bounce it, and use that stiff arm right there to get around the corner. So he's been running a lot of times as a slasher, as a young back, and I think as he continues to grow and shows what he can do, remember, he's 220 pounds. He's got to be able to run with some power, and that time, he did. Now, Dalvin Cook, six years with the Vikings, a lot of 1,000 yards, near that. Ball is tipped in the air and incomplete. Tipped that time by Jaelan Phillips. We're talking about him all season, number 15, third year guy, played his college football at Miami, with a play right there. He goes after an inexperienced quarterback and disguising it. Vic Fangio, this is what he can do with his outside linebackers because they drop, and other times, they bring pressure. He's lined up here, and at the snap of the ball, he comes down. Boyle doesn't see that because of the movement after the snap catches him by surprise, almost cost him an interception. Second and 10. [inaudible] back in. To the outside goes the pass. [inaudible] takes it out to the 43 yard line, where Jerome Baker makes the tackle. It'll be third down and 3. When they throw the ball, they're having to get the ball out in a hurry. If you've been watching the Jets, you know Zach Wilson sacks has been a problem all year because he holds on to the ball too much. And this offensive line, you touched on it earlier, you got some young players and some inexperienced players up there against a very qualified defensive front. [calling plays] Boyle. Look out, sacked. 36 ball is out, but he was down. Play is over. Christian Wilkins was there for the sack, so once again, a quick out even though they did pick up one first down. Now, he looks left. He wants to go to the quick out to Brownlee, but Jalen Ramsey takes that away. And he just didn't have a response, or an answer to it. By the time he looks left and decides, wanted the rookie, he's not there, there's that offensive line concern again, up front, against big Christian Wilkins. Morstead, having gotten a lot of exercise, fourth punt of the half. Fielded at the 11 yard line. Barrios brings it back out to the 18. 6:09 remaining in the opening half. Tua Tagovailoa having a great season. Fifth overall pick in the draft a few years back. You covered him a lot since the time he was, what, 18 or 19 years old in college. The evolvement's been pretty interesting. Hasn't it? I think as an individual as much as a football player. I think going to Miami and playing for Mike McDaniel has really helped him open up and change as a person. Growing up in a Polynesian community with his parents, he was just trying to make his dad proud in every way, and his parents proud and his-- I think that carried over into Alabama. And I think, now, you're seeing him really grow up and become his own person. I noticed that when you asked him in the first question on the Zoom. I heard him answer, and the way he looked, and I just said, wow, this is such a different guy from who he was not just early years Alabama. I'm talking about his rookie year at Miami. I think he's just grown up. Yeah, there's no question. He talked about the Samoan family values, and there's the family. Mom and dad are on the left. His dad wanted him to go to Alabama. He wanted to go-- Tua wanted to go to USC, but it's honor thy father. That's right. And that's how he wound up with Saban. I'll never forget, I asked him, how did you end up here at Alabama? He said, my dad told me I was going to Alabama. Eva Beach, Hawaii, to Tuscaloosa. That's a nonstop flight. Pass is caught up at the 36 yard line. Jaylen Waddle hauls it in. And this is the timing that I find fascinating. Mike McDaniel telling us that the amount of reps that they put in, watch when he hits his last-- in the drop. He hits that step. He anticipates and throws the ball better on time than any quarterback that I've seen this year, and it has everything to do with how his footwork is tied into the depth of the route. And Mike McDaniel told us, he said, a receiver at the top of his route separates more right as he breaks than at any time. I mean, that's where they want the football thrown. Toss here. Wilson. So since McDaniel got there last year, you go back to his first two seasons, 13, and not bad. I mean, rating 88.8, fairly good, but look at it since then. 15 and 8, huge TD interception ratio, 105.7 pass rating. And again, I think that's a credit to him and his growth, and I think it's also him fitting into Mike McDaniel's scheme and going back to that anticipation, his footwork, getting the ball out early, and having all these great receivers to throw the football to. Tua backing up, and he's going to get sacked. Back at the 30 yard line, held on. Solomon Thomas and Michael Clemons are both there in the-- got him in a vise. Third down after the sack. The Jets showed man, and they dropped to zone, and I think they confused Tua. They didn't have an answer to his left. Watch him work to his left initially, and we talked about his footwork. Usually, the ball is out now, but you see the linebacker, CJ Mosley, dropping to take it away. I think that scared him off of it, and there's the speed up front. Thomas is able to clean it up at the end. So third and 15. Jets with three linemen. The hands on the ground. They send four. A little flip here, and out to the 39 yard line goes Wilson. So they'll force a punt. Sauce Gardner making the tackle. Well, this is the kind of game that I think the Jets thought they could have, is getting Miami behind the sticks. Miami typically dictates things. They throw on their terms, but with that sack on second down, they were able to set up a very favorable third and get off the field. Jake Bailey to punt. Xavier Gibson is back, so Bailey's first punt of the afternoon. Short, wobbly kick with backspin. Flag is thrown. That takes a good bounce. The ball is loose. The ball is scrambled around for, but see the flag here. Meanwhile, you got Bailey down on the ground, so he's trying to sell it if nothing else. And there is a flag back there as well. Irvin Charles came in, number 19. So it was fourth and 9, and so going over the options here with McDaniel. Running into the kicker, receiving team number 19. That penalty is a five yard foul. Miami has elected to decline that penalty and take the result of the play. Yeah, that was interesting because, had it been fourth and 4 or something, it would have been a first down. Fourth and 9, you only get five, so it's still going to be fourth and 4. And they continue to make this Jets offense work the long field. You remember, what was the Jets' plan? They wanted to win with defense, special teams, try to get a turnover, try to get that short field. Instead, the entire first half, they've been deep inside their own territory, making it tougher and tougher for Boyle and this offensive line to get anything going. Yeah, well, the Jets have run 15 plays for 33 total yards. I think a lot of Jets fans thought, anybody but Zach Wilson, who got to be that way, and they're seeing that maybe it wasn't just all on Zach Wilson. Right now, it's an offensive line and an inexperienced quarterbacks, both of them, And mistakes like this. Almost on cue-- False start, offense number 65. [kirk stammering] I was going to say, that's Xavier Newman, and he was with Tennessee until, I think, around October 2. They released him. The Jets pick him up October 5, and now, here he is starting against the Miami Dolphins on Black Friday. I mean, he's the right guard. I mean, so again, it's easy to point the finger at Nathaniel Hackett. It's easy to point the finger at Zach Wilson. But when you have a depleted offensive line, it's hard on anybody. So now, first and 15. That pass is caught. Nice gain here, 30 yard line. That's Jason Brownlee, the rookie out of Southern Mississippi, and we tick down to the two minute warning. The next play upcoming will be a second down and 3, and there is your two minute warning. And here is a special look at Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom, only in theaters on December the 22nd. Two minute warning, and a third and short is upcoming now after Dalvin Cook picks up Nothing like using Big Whit's back to sign an autograph. That's about as good as it gets. It's like a table. He gets back-- Even the Ten Commandments on his back. All right, we got a third and short here. Remember, they were 0 for 11 last week on third down, and they got a chance here. They're off to a slow start on these third downs today, Let's see if they can pick one up. Yeah, so 0 for 11 last week. 0 for 4 today. Third and 1 here. He sees the blitz coming. Gets it out, but can he get the first? [inaudible] tackled there. Kohou making the stop. Crowd, of course, hates it. Dolphins are going to take-- Third and final charged timeout Miami. Their final to save it. This will be a 30 second timeout. So their final timeout-- Reset the game clock to 1:14, please. 1 1 4. They're going to have an opportunity for that old two for one because they're going to get the ball to start the second half. Yeah, Boyle, you could see, is frustrated with himself because he thought he had man coverage, and instead, with that blitz, they dropped back and played zone and came off those receivers. Made a great play there. Keep them short. So next-- Presnap movement. Trying to stretch his defense out. Trying to create matchups with Tyreek Hill, a lot of times out in the flat. Many times, working from outside to in. It's a great play here. Just get him the ball in space, get that big offensive line We'll see what they can do here with a little over a minute. No timeouts. 1:05. Got Waddle setting up slot left, but Hill, bottom of the screen, wide right. Tua looks, throws, picked off at the 27 yard line. Echols touchdown. Boy, this place has had nothing to cheer about for a long time. Going wild right now, and why not? Brandon Echols, the pick 6. The one area that Tua, and he would be the first one to tell you this, has hurt his team has been turnovers in recent weeks. Talked to us this week about how he's got to play clean. He can't turn the football over. Not only does he turn one over before the half, he throws a pick 6. We just said, how can the Jets make a game of this? Their defense. Ooh, Zuerlein's kick. Well, you can't have it all, I guess. Meanwhile, a little deja vu here. Echols picked off Tua when he was a rookie two years ago. And he's in for Michael Carter. He's right here. He's just kind of reading the eyes of Tua. I'm not sure, as accurate as Tua is, he went from the slant, or he thought he would throw. And without even looking, he thought it was a good checkdown and a safe throw to get the ball out to the outside to Berrios. But give Echols credit. Doesn't sink inside, has a job to see it, but just kind of get out in the flat playing zone. Reads the eyes and then steps in front of it. Walks to the end zone. See, Tua's slant comes off of it, out to the flat without even taking a look at Echols, and Echols makes him pay for it. And Tua has to say, haven't I seen this before? Because Echols, as a rookie, had a pick 6. Echols has had three interceptions-- three interceptions in his career, and then, of course, as they say, you can't have it all. And like I said, how do the Jets stay in a game like this? You got to count on that defense to make plays. I thought they'd give him some good field position. This time, they just scored themselves. Zuerlein's not used to kicking extra points. Maybe that's the issue. (LAUGHING) Right. I couldn't resist. Up to the 32 yard line on the run back here with 53 seconds and a flag. And the Dolphins starting to, for the moment, march back. John Hussey. 10 yard penalty. But when Tua shared with us this system, sometimes, you're going to throw picks because you trust your receivers, and you trust the scheme. And you're going to throw it and throw it early, and you hope that you're going to be able to make that play, and you and the receiver are going to be on the same page. I remember throwing four picks, and Mike McDaniel coming over to me. I thought he was going to be upset. He said, perfect, perfect. He's like, perfect? He said, yeah, this is not a result oriented offense. We're trying to learn the timing and the rhythm of this. Now, that, was a poor decision where he didn't quite see Echols and made the throw-- 23 yard line. It's a 10 yard foul. The ball will be placed at the 13 yard line. But I think it tells you about the mindset of how Mike McDaniel gets inside of Tua and says, hey, Stay positive and keep believing. Yeah, he works on every aspect of you as a human being, as Hill makes the catch, and he'll get out of bounds. I mean, you talked about it the other day. We're on the phone with Mike, and he's talking about people becoming who they really are and how they get there. I felt like I was on a couch. I did, too. I was fascinated because I've just seen him with what you see on camera and some of the personality. But boy, what a thoughtful guy, and a guy that has had a big impact on the mindset of some of these individual players and their approach to the game. Unquestionably. Second down, 8. 48 seconds. Quick to the outside. Caught there, Waddle, who played with Tua at Alabama, college mates. Clock keeps running. They don't have a timeout. Miami will get the ball to start the second half. I think it's important to recognize they're probably-- they're not working in turbo speed, but it just shows you the trust and confidence they go back to getting the ball to Tua, and letting them throw it. Yeah, underneath, Jets will give him one or two more of those, and that'll take us to the half. Waddle makes that catch. Get up to the 36 yard line. Spike it here. Funny, you see a spike here. So Dan Marino's on the field. Talking to Dan before the game, of course, that famous play where he faked a spike in a Miami Jets game, and then threw a touchdown to win it. Who'd he throw that to, Engram? I think, Mark Engram? Yeah? And there he is with Aaron Rodgers before the game. Two of the greatest ever do it. Oh, yeah. Tyreek to the top here. They're not letting him get free, and that's caught at the-- just shy of the first down. Waddle making the grab, 45 yard line, but he only have nine seconds now. Trying to get into Sanders field goal range, almost compelled right now to get it out of bounds. You don't do that hard to get a completion, a spike, and a field goal attempt within nine seconds, but we'll see. First timeout, New York Jets. Coach want to make sure they are aligned. Well, start of the game, and I said, how does a team averaging 15 a game beat a team averaging 31 a game? Well, a pick 6 helps along the way. But the Jets, they're trying like crazy to get something going, but how do they get something going? That's a great question. I'm sure it is. Because they keep getting behind the sticks. They're starting deep in their own territory with, again, this offensive line that's having a really tough game. They've had a tough season with the injuries, and I think the biggest thing is, you got to continue to hope that you don't make mistakes. They've made some. They're behind the sticks. You got to keep hoping this defense puts you in a position to have a shot. Tua's going to throw it here, and you've got it-- is that pick again? This is DJ Reed this time. DJ Reed, but there's only two seconds on the clock. But we hear Tim Boyle has a strong arm. Two seconds left, and answer your question, what do you do? I mean, it sounds crazy, but this is what you have to do. You rely on the defense to do this. In the second half, you got to get turnovers, You got to give your own offense a chance. This defense is doing everything every single week to give their offense some kind of chance to win a football game. So two picks in the last 65 seconds. Jets now have three defenders back inside their 15 yard line. And we'll see what Boyle-- how far he can throw it if, indeed, he throws it, or they try a lateral or whatever here. Meanwhile, he just tries to get away from everybody. Throws it into the end zone into a lot of traffic, and there's a pick on the other side. And coming back from the end zone is Holland, and Holland is out to midfield, and Holland is inside the 40, and Holland is inside the 20. Can you believe this? That is insanity. That's as crazy as anything. you'll ever see. You're throwing a Hail Mary. And it's a Hail Mary all right, for the defense. If there's ever a play that embodies an entire season, this is it for the New York Jets, a Hail Mary by your own quarterback. And I want you to see Holland is one of the best three safeties in the National Football League. Right away, he's thinking about, I got a shot. I mean, the entire way he built up more and more speed. He left all the skill behind him. All the receivers are way behind him. Now you got linemen and one skill guy in Breece Hall, who gets blocked. And now you're asking Boyle to try to make a play right here. And he's got no chance. Unbelievable play. Extra point is good. Crowd doesn't know which way to go right now. They were ecstatic. And now they're morose. 17 to 6. Yikes! Kaylee. Well, coach, two huge plays by your defense to end that half. But then a crushing one-- --at the end. And it turned out to be disastrous. Jets kick off to start the third quarter. Start with a touchback. Moments ago, Kaylee with Mike McDaniel. for a touchdown, how did he do that? How did he do it? Well, I think he caught the ball and then relied You know, he's a great player, hadn't had his hands on the ball up to this point. But he's been playing unbelievable. And we needed it. And he knew what time it was so. He made sure to finish the play, which was awesome. Two interceptions by Tua in the last two minutes. I know it's a problem he's been trying to eliminate. What did you guys discuss at the half? No, I think he's done a good job as of late. And then when you're going against a really good defense, that stuff's going to happen, especially when they have the ball skills. And so this is a great opportunity to do what you have to do at the quarterback position, which and go ahead and keep slinging it because that's what he does. Thanks, coach. Appreciate it. All right, thank you, Kaylee. Second down and 7 after a 3-yard run by Jeff Wilson on the first scrimmage play of the third quarter. Tua 15 to 23 for 171. And on second and 7, he slings it out here. And a nice tackle is made to save a first down by Ashtyn Davis corralling Jeff Wilson, making it third and 3. I love that comment by Mike McDaniel about be a quarterback. Put that one behind you and move forward. And I think it had a lot to do with the play calling after the pick 6. They were out of timeouts. And they kept being aggressive and kept trusting Tua. I think he was sending him a message as much as trying to get into field goal range there before he threw his second pick. Third down and 3. Going deep. And it's going to be hauled in. A flag is down. Though Waddle making the catch over Gardner. The flag is down at the 46-yard line. Dolphins indicate it's against the Jets. And everybody's moving in that direction. Brandin Echols just threw down Berrios I think that's where the flag came in. Illegal use of the hands, hands to the face, defense number 26. Here's one of the great matchups we wanted to see is not just Tyreek Hill, but Jaylen Waddle one on one against the length of Sauce Gardner at 6'3". And there's where speed beats that length. Ball's thrown well. Slightly has to come back to the football. But there's the hold that they declined. But he had such separation there. Gain of 32. So Wilson seeing a lot of action here. Mostert carried eight times for 15 yards. But Wilson now has carried 8 for 40. See what Waddle has done with Tyreek Hill now. Combined they have 13 receptions and 181 yards and a touchdown. So those two against a talented secondary. The New York Jets having a good day. There was Gardner getting beat on the play. Second down and 7. Mostert is back in. And he takes it to the 30-yard line with the third down coming up. On third down, today this team is 6 out of 10. And of course, the Jets are 0 for 5. Boy, how much fun is it to watch that perimeter speed against this defense? DJ Reed on one side. Sauce Gardner on the other. Great linebackers and coverage in Quincy Williams and CJ Mosley. Going to have to step up here to keep this a two-possession game on third and 4. Blitz. Got him. Bryce Huff gets the sack. Put pressure on that time. It was Ulbricht sending about 6 and get the sack. Yeah, you bring outside pressure. You see Williams and Huff. But when he stepped up, good pressure from the interior. And that's how you really can take Tua out of his game, not give him anywhere to be able to step up. And he's only about six feet, about 6'1". That time they brought him from everywhere on that third down. So Sanders now, this will be a 54-yard attempt. He had a 51 yarder against Vegas last week to try to make it 20 to 6. And that kick is right down the middle. Early third quarter, Dolphins tack on 3 to make it 20 to 6 [audio out] Turned into a night game. It is 20 to 6. Miami on top. Kick will be run back from the goal line here. Xavier Gibson, to the outside he goes and thrust into the Jets bench at around the 27-yard line. and watch Jevon Holland and what he's able to do on this Hail Mary. Jets got a break, got an interception. Time for one play. Ball goes up in the air. All these receivers in the background. Holland right now, the guy that's been waiting to have a pick all year, is thinking, I'm taking this to the house. Look at Christian Wilkins. Picks up the only athlete back there. Breece Hall, the running back, makes the quarterback mix and goes into the end zone for that touchdown. And again, you heard his coach say he's been waiting to come up with a pick, been playing great. And he finally comes up with the most memorable play of this defense they've made all year. Last guy he had to beat was Boyle. It went this way and that way, but to no avail. Breece Hall picking up about 4 to the 31. So the Jets offense though, we've been talking about it all game. I'm sure if you're a Jets fan, you're sick. You know it. Five punts and a pick from Nathaniel Hackett. Well, you got that offensive line in flux, disarray, whatever you want to call it, Second down and 6. Barreling in, Wilkins. And of course, many thought about that offensive line. There goes Wilkins just teeing off and feasting on them. Well, when you run a naked, you're hoping the defense bites on this action. You go away from him. And Wilkins is here. Action goes away. You'd think he would have collapsed down. Instead, he's there with discipline. And he's quick at his size, not fooled at all. Keep in mind, that's 310 pounds with lateral quickness and brings a lot of personality to this defense. First round pick out of Clemson in 2019. Third and 15. Boyle throws a little dart here. And to the 30-yard line bouncing his way out to the 30 goes Conklin, the tight end. Oh, the crowd. Well, they don't know what to do. Well, they know what to do. But-- I don't know what the Jets do. Boy, that guy, he's really upset. Well, you saw Zach Wilson. Zach Wilson is active today. But he would only be in the game if both quarterbacks-- the other quarterback being Trevor Siemian-- and Boyle both got hurt. That's a new rule. That's the only way he could play. 19-yard line. Berrios dropped it and recovers. Flag all the way back near the 40-yard line. Morstead's sixth punt of the game. And John Hussey. Little sidebar here. During the kick, holding, receiving team number 89. That penalty is 10 yards from the end of the kick. OK, we're back in 30 seconds. Dolphins begin this drive from their 8-yard line. 3 or 4-yard pick up here for a Mostert second down. I was talking with Frank Smith, the offensive coordinator, last night just about the game and the offense. And we were talking a lot about pre-snap movement, and Tyreek Hill, and Waddle, and all the speed. And he said, make sure you don't forget, Mike prides himself on the physicality of this offense. And we have a sign that hangs up in our locker rooms that says fast, physical, and elite technique. So that's a part of their offense that gets overlooked that they personally take a lot of pride in. Just another element to a fantastic offense. And this will be a third down and 3. Upcoming now as Raheem Mostert, takes it out to the 15-yard line. And if you really study him and watch him, why the big plays get all the attention, that rhythm that Tua is able to throw with and their play action game that they throw the timing of it, it really is based on being able to threaten those linebackers with the run game. And if you get that going, then the complement to that is the way they're able to marry that play action look. And it looks so similar to their run game. Better than 5 to 1 ratio in yardage in Miami's favor. Only a three-man rush. And Tua gets it away into traffic and completes it to the 20-yard line to Tyreek Hill. And when they stay these third and shorts, it really puts you in a tough spot no matter how good you are. You got a linebacker here. You got a slot right here. And watch how there's just a chemistry and an understanding. Instead of taking that route and taking it out wide, Tyreek Hill knows he's got to sit in that zone for that first down. That left tackle, Terron Armstead, walks off the field. He'll need a little help on the bench. Keion Smith comes in to take his place. Meanwhile, cutting it back and leaning to the 28-yard line goes Mostert. Second and short. And you look on the other side, where the Jets defense is being asked not just to come up with stops, but they've got to get turnovers. And if they can score, as we saw in the first half, the way their own offense looks, add that on top of everything. So you wonder how long you can survive as far as the psychology of the game when your offense just isn't giving you anything. Second and 3. Tua throws. I'm also thinking, Kirk-- [inaudible] there's an eligible receiver in the area. If you're that kind of a defense and you're playing all out-- --and the offense is doing nothing. So if nothing else, they had to make a quarterback change, I mean, at some point, you kind of lose one side of the room, won't you? Yeah, yeah, I think you do. But I do think getting close to the Jets this week they have done a really good job of staying They still are pulling for each other and trying to believe in each other. But it's tough. Little flip here. That's a first down and more. There goes the cheetah, as he calls himself, Tyreek Hill. He walked up to the line of scrimmage and pressed him, trying to take away these easy throws. But Hill in motion is just getting his hands on the ball. Watch to the top left, Jaylen Waddle, who's known always to make a play. This time he knows he's got to be able to make a block to help Tyreek Hill out and takes DJ Reed get around that corner. Hill out for a moment. How much fun is it if you're McDaniel and you got all these guys, and you got a track team to make up plays? That playbook, that playbook has to be off the charts. Yeah, yeah. And I just love that with his background, with Mike Shanahan and Kyle Shanahan, and what he's been able to build here. It's unique in what they've been able to put on the roster. It's his own spin based on what he's been around, and now the pieces and the quarterback that he has to work with. Five minutes left in the third. Little spin move here. Wilson is about a yard shy of the first down. Let's take a look at our Next Gen Stats powered by AWS. We keep talking about the speed. And Tyreek Hill at some point this year over 22. Achane close to 22 a couple times. I mean, just to put that in perspective, I mean, look at the average speed per skill position. I mean, get to 21 and 22. I was telling you yesterday it's like the difference a 93 mile an hour fastball. Big, big difference. Again, Jet motion. And a first down, forward progress for Mostert. Moving the sticks. Tackled there by Jermaine Johnson. This drive could not be really any more than what they want than the way they're executing here. First down, having some success, second down, having a little bit of success, staying on schedule. They're living in that third and 2, third and 3 range. Converting now 9 of 14 on third downs. And with the lead eating clock as well. Drive has consumed the five minutes and 20 seconds. And that was the 10th play of the drive. And these are just body blows. It's one thing to hit an 80-yard play to a Tyreek Hill. Gets everybody excited in the stands. And everybody loves the speed. But if you can sustain a drive like this against a defense that's already teetering, because of the way their own offense is playing, again, these are just body blows to this defense. Miami running its 57th play. And the Jets have run 22 plays. That's Mostert. Let's go to Kaylee. Guys, you saw left tackle, Terron Armstead, come off the field earlier in this drive. And he hasn't even been examined, as far as we've seen, by the training staff. because of a quad injury. This is only his fifth game this season. He started the season with an ankle injury And then he was on the IR because of a knee injury. Yeah, several years with the Saints, Kaylee. This team will next play in nine days, sort of a mini bi. At Washington is their next game, and then Tennessee. And they get the Jets again in Miami in three weeks. Mostert. The Jet defense is right there. And a flag as they throw him into the bench, right into the bench at the end of the play. And that's going to be a personal foul. Hey, he just hits him late. It looked like Jermaine Johnson as Mosley was making that play. They rally to the football, do everything you need to do against that speed. And then they hit there. They also grabbed the face-- they may have grabbed the face mask there. I don't know if he was out of bounds. Let's see if the face-- there it is. Yeah, they got that going on. He's in bounds on the hit by Johnson. You can see Mostert saying, hey, he got my face mask. Personal foul, face mask, defense, number 57. Got run ended behind the line. So we'll enforce that 15-yard foul from the previous spot. So that would have been a fourth and 13. Instead, don't have to tell you. Yeah, right. So 295 total yards for Miami, 50 for the Jets. Time of possession, 30 minutes to 12. And this drive now entering it's seventh minute. Gain of 8. Under two minutes to go now in the third. So Miami on its way. If they can hold on, they'd be 8 and 3, stay on top in the East. And the Jets would go down to 4 and 7. Well, you keep talking about the Jets offensive line and how they've had to work with backups. Now that Armstead's out and Smith is in, the left tackle is a backup for Miami. Their starter, Robert Jones, is out. So you have Lester Cotton in at left guard. And their right guard, Hunt, is not playing today. So they right now have three backups themselves playing. And yet it's not really slowing the efficiency or the execution Not at all. Second down and 2. And now you got Austin Jackson. He was moving. False start, offense number 33, [inaudible] 73. 5-yard penalty. That the only way you can stop them at this point. But then again, you got to hand it to the Jets defense. Doing the job. Well, they're trying to prevent, obviously, the explosive play. And you can't take everything away. Try to keep it top on the defense with your safeties back and try to rally to the football in front of you. The defense have held the offense to 13 points for this juncture, as Hill makes that catch. And coming up will be the 14th play of this drive, which started back at their own 8-yard line. And if you keep safeties back to protect yourselves against those one-on-one matchups-- the few times we've seen the one-on-one matchups, whether it's been in the slot throwing the ball to Waddle downfield or to even Hill when he had his chance one on one, they're going down field. And when you sit back with that too-high look, they're just kind of dinking and dunking underneath. But even that, they rely on the yards after the catch. And that'll convert another third down play. Hill making the grab. Reed is right there to tackle him along the sideline. And that might be the final play of the third frame. How about that timing between Tua on that third down and Tyreek Hill? Tyreek Hill had to work to get open and finally does. And Tua puts it right on him for another-- This is a first down from the 13 yard line for Miami. Long, long drive continues with a touchdown. Mostert taking it in. 13 yards. They ran 15 plays over nine minutes to go up by three scores. Remember how I told you they pride themselves on the execution? Watch the right side here, Austin Jackson, Smythe do a good job, Cracraft the receiver. Got a tight end coming around in Hill. That's just everybody doing their job and letting a back with good speed and some quickness and vision just get into the end zone. But that was all the execution and the blocking on that right side. Extra point by Sanders making it 27-6 and a flag, couple. They got frustration taken over. You got hats flying. You got flags flying. And the peace party coming in. That's when you know frustration really sets in, on an extra point. Fisher, the umpire, losing his flag and his hat. That's Carl Paganelli, the long time official. Carl looks like he may have gotten in there and-- Yeah, I think so. There's Quinnen Williams going airborne and comes down. I think the umpire may have taken a shot there. Yeah, he may have been in the wrong place at the wrong time. There are two fouls on the play, both by the New York Jets. foul, unnecessary roughness, number 57. Also, we have a foul against an official, personal foul, number 72. Both of those fouls will be enforced because the second one was a foul against an official. So the first one's on Moseley. The second one-- and there's Paganelli, who needs the towel. Clemons is the guy who made contact with him. And they will settle down. Oof. There are Tua's numbers, very efficient, except for the two picks, which came at the end. One was a pick 6. Hill, 102 yards on nine grabs and a touchdown. And Holland, of course, with that spectacular, unbelievable, off the charts insane You know what's great about him making that play is, again, he didn't have a pick. And a lot of times people associate having a great year with interceptions. But he has that big play to get the attention. And there's the Jackson and Clemons who were involved in that extra point. Clemons is going to get thrown out here. He wasn't trying to hit the umpire. There he's pointing to one of the Jets, And you some spitting up blood when we went to commercial. Right away he said, oh man. He's gone. Meanwhile, now you to kick off from the 50-yard line. So what do you want to do, bouncing ball, easy touch back here? Clemons to the locker room. They send that one halfway to Secaucus. And the Jets will take over at the 25-yard line. Well, for the Jets, they won on opening night, even though Rodgers got hurt. Then they lost three in a row. Then they won three in a row. But now they've lost-- if they lose this one, it'll be four straight. Yeah, when they won those three in a row, I think a lot of people thought, OK, hey, just kind of hang out, just hang in there. Aaron Rodgers, you don't know if he's going to come back. You don't know if he's not going to be able to come back. And then they lose three in a row, on their way to four in a row. And a lot of that energy is now in the past. Aaron was saying relax, as he said in Green Bay. But nothing to relax about. And stop the presses, that's a first down on a pass to Breece Hall. That is only the third first down for the Jets, as you look at Rodgers. One was on a Breece Hall run, that one on a pass. And the other was by a penalty. Biggest gain of the night. Pass is caught. And then that's Garrett Wilson. Jalen Ramsey, who's been really good, he came back. He was hurt, missed the first part of the season, has had three picks, a couple last week. Well, of course, with that Jets offense, they're not throwing at anybody tonight. No, it's just great to see him back. And they said the work that he's put in practice, not just with his first team defense, but with his scout team just to get into game shape. Second and 1. And sliding to a stop. Crowd wants a flag for a late hit. Won't get it. That's Jaelan Phillips coming in, as Tim Boyle gets back to just about the line of scrimmage after that. That was a win just to get back to the line of scrimmage. Second one. I thought he was about to get sacked by Wilkins. And instead, he only loses a yard or two. But gives him a chance here on third down. Still trying to convert their first third down of the night. Spot where he started to slide, so third and 3. And that is caught. But tackled short of the first down is Breece Hall. DeShon Elliott making the stop. Utter frustration on the field, in the crowd. Fourth down. They'll go for it. Yeah, great play there by Elliott working through traffic to make that play. So a fourth and 2 is now going to be a fourth and 7. False start, offense, number 67, five-yard penalty. Carter Warren. Rookie out of Pitt who got his first action last week. If it's not one guy, it's another. We've seen the right guard who's trying to work himself-- Newman-- into this rhythm of this offense have some penalties this time again. It's the beat goes on to the Jets offense, not just today, but for the last four or five weeks. Fourth and 7 now. And that's fired up at the 50-yard line and hauled in. Tyler Conklin making the grab there. Well, they can't convert on third down. But they convert here on a fourth down. 0 for 7 on third. One for one on fourth. Best thing he did is got the ball out quick that time. Gets it out quick this time because he was pressured. That's incomplete. There's so many pieces to the Dolphins defense that get overlooked. Wilkins I know can make a lot of plays in the inside. I think David Long, 51, along with Van Ginkel, what they brought to the middle-- Van Ginkel is an outside linebacker, has never played middle linebacker in his career. But Vic Fangio said, I just have a gut feeling that this kid can help us and get him on the field with Jaelan Phillips and Bradley Chubb on the outside. So this is a unit that's really coming together in recent weeks. Down he goes at the 43-yard line. Raekwon Davis will get that sack. So third down and 16 now. That's the fourth sack of the game for the Dolphins. And the beautiful thing is you get pressure. Davis gets the sack. But how about the pressure on the outside by Phillips and Ogbah? Third down, 15. A little dump off here. And getting within a couple of yards of picking up the first down is Dalvin Cook, first year here after six years in Minnesota. So you got fourth down. So again, no third down conversion. We'll try for four. Why not? Fourth and call it 3. Five wide. Spinning away to the 35-yard line goes Garrett Wilson. There you go. Shows you again Boyle hadn't played a lot of football. But he feels this blitz and knows he's got that quick hot to Garrett Wilson. So easy execution. But it's just a recognition of that coming and having an answer for it. First time that the Jets have been in Dolphins territory tonight on this drive. Caught here by Jeremy Ruckert. So they finally do get something going. And really, that's the area that I think they had the most confidence in. The style of defense Miami plays is trying to find those tight ends between those linebackers. --short of the line to gain. OK, so they have to reposition the sticks. It'll be second down and short. They had initially moved them as if it were a first down. Administrative stoppage here, as they call it. Game clock operator, please set the game clock to 10:52 please, 10:52 because we had to reset the ball. We'll put the clock back in the status that it was when the runner was down. The clock will start on my ready signal, please. OK, where time stands still. Gets the second down and inches now. Gets it away. Ball comes out. And they're going to rule that incomplete. And taking that shot there was Ruckert from Elliott. Tony, these two safeties each week get better and better with their communication and how hard they'll hit you when they get downhill. And a lot of times, Holland will sit back in center field. Elliott will come down into the box. He gets there just in time to separate that football. And the quarterback sneak. And they finally convert on third down. Well, again, it was 0 for 11 last week. And it was 0 for 8, 19-3. Going into the tent right now for Miami, that's Lester Cotton, the left guard. Austin Jackson has already been thrown out. Ball is loose. And that time it is ruled incomplete, as Van Ginkel pops Garrett Wilson. Second down and 10. They keep working the middle there and for good reason. You have quickness in Wilson. We've seen two tight ends try to get in there, Wilson trying to get away from Jerome Baker. That bobble gives Baker a chance to catch up to it and knock it away. The flip, short gain. Breece Hall. The Jets had run 22 plays before this drive. They've now run 14 on this run. There's Phillips down on the turf. So third down, third and 9, as they look at the pass rusher, Jaelan Phillips. And we'll be back. --and retiring from football and coming back and off on the cart. Meanwhile, as this drive continues, you've got action up front. And they'll blow this one dead. Emmanuel Ogbah took over for Phillips. That was a third and 9. Who moved first is the question. Neutral zone infraction, defense number 91, five-yard penalty. Yeah, that's Ogbah, who just came into the game. And I think depending on the severity of that injury to Phillips, if he is down for an extended period of time, Andrew Van Ginkel, 43, who we talked about his versatility outside and can play off ball inside linebacker, he and 91, Ogbah, will be the two that will have to step up there to help out if Phillips is down. Third and 4. 15th play of the drive. Now you got Boyle being spun around. You got a flag down. You got everything going on there. Jerome Baker that time. I think that's on the quarterback. He was expecting the ball and moved. We'll see who they call it on because you Baker coming across. Flag thrown. But I think Baker's reacting as much to Boyle there. He started to skate on his way in. There are two fouls on the play, one by each team. Offside, defense number 55. Holding, offense number 66. Those penalties will offset. Replay third down. Yeah, back whence we began. Brush for, throw it underneath, and close to a first down. And picking it up, Breece Hall. Honestly, this is, I think, the kind of drive that they envisioned. When we talked with him this week, they thought that there's a really good chance the ball was going to get out. Get it out in those quick slants. Get it out to Breece Hall against a linebacker. Your two playmakers are Breece Hall and Garrett Wilson. Those are the guys you know what they can do. Dribs and drabs. They had two first downs all night coming into this drive. They've had five on this drive. And another sack. Zach Sieler comes in and takes him down. And that'll be a handful. Five sacks tonight for the Dolphins. Yeah, he looks right. He doesn't have anybody open. And he doesn't have a checkdown. So he has nothing to do with his football. And we've seen this a lot this year with this Jets offense. Quarterbacks primary, even second read not there and just has to eat it. Up in the air, deflected, intercepted, Dolphins ball. So on the 17th play of a 7-minute drive, Jerome Baker with the pick. 7:54 left in the fourth. Dolphins up by 21. --the season only on Prime Video. So now, Miami comfortably in front. You got Darrynton Evans, who just came off the list, practice list. So Mike McDaniel tells us a story today. We're talking to him. And I said, tell me a Sacramento Mountain Lions story, the United Football League, 2010. He's the running backs coach. They blow out Omaha. They go to a nightclub to celebrate. One of the running backs that he coaches is dancing with a girl. And Mike says, listen, you're not dancing with her anymore or you're not playing with his team next year. So the guy said, well, what can I do? So then McDaniel starts dancing with her. That's the beginning of the story. Again, Evans. So the bottom line, where am I leading? Yeah, this is-- Four years later, they're married. Katie, that's how he met her. Hey, you, get off. I'm dancing with her. Unbelievable. Courtship. He is-- He is fantastic to talk to. That's an all time story. His owner didn't even know that. I don't think anybody's heard that story. I told Steven Ross before. He said, that's the best story I've ever heard. And there they are, the McDaniels. Fumble. Jets think they have it. And coming away with it is Ashtyn Davis. The ruling on the field is a fumble. You just said Evans just came over. Recovered by the defense. There's a miscommunication, which we've not seen a lot of. And if you're concerned about Miami, they're going to score on a lot of people they play. They're going to be a tough out. This is the concern, the execution, the potential to turn the football over. We've talked a lot about the Jets turning it over and hurting themselves. Miami's got to avoid that as they get ready for the stretch run. --dropped back five times. They actually have gotten pressure on him. And look how fast he's getting it out, 2.1 seconds on average. So it's the Next Gen Stats powered by AWS. Well, the Jets have it at the 35. And an errant throw here intended for Breece Hall. We were kind of-- I don't want to say having fun. But we were pointing out there third down how inept they were last couple of weeks. It's been the case all year. They're right around 23% on third downs. It's the lowest conversion rate in 50 years in the NFL. Yeah, I mean, it's numbers upon numbers when you look at that offense. And you wonder in nine days, do you go back to Tim Boyle? Do you go to Trevor Siemian? Do you bring Zach Wilson back? I don't know. I'm not sure you do that. I don't think that's going to happen. No, probably not. 28 yard line. Catch made there. That's Brownlee. Well, guys, after seeing Dolphins linebacker Jaelan Phillips carted off the field, we are told it is his Achilles. And of course, he is out for the game. Oh, and a lot longer. That's a big hit. You obviously wish him well. And for the Dolphins defense, it's going to be a big loss down the stretch of this season. Catch made inside the 20. These formations that they're using-- It's Holland who's down, by the way. That's another great player you'd like to see get up. Big collision there. You always worry about defensive players lowering their head here. This is why you have those rules. 5:39 left. Injury timeout. 11 and 3, as they get ready for Cowboys, Ravens, and Bills. Week 17 could be a heck of a match-up in Baltimore with Miami and Baltimore. That could determine home field. Meanwhile, to the end zone. And that pass, is it holding? Close. Garrett Wilson. Trying to hold in. Well covered there. You got Elliott back there, Kohou as well. Offside, defense number 51, 5-yard penalty. And that was a free play as it turned out. I think Kohou got his hand in there at the end of this play four. Watch him work to get that left hand and eventually-- and maybe the ground also. Just the force of coming down. Wilson is known for his ability to elevate, body control, ball skills. But eventually, they just pull it away from him. Could not complete the process of that catch. First and 5. To the 9-yard line. A few of our fine feathered friends were excited about that because there is, as you know, there's always something in play. Always something in play near the end here. Always something for people who can spare a Bitcoin or two, of crypto. And you know what I mean. Second down and 1. And that is going to be caught at the 1-yard line. That's Xavier Gibson, the kick returner, to get it to the 1. Hurrying up to the line of scrimmage. Can they get an offensive touchdown? What do you know? Touchdown. So after the turnover, they go 35 yards, six plays in 1:48. Actually, Miami had a bust on this. And if he wanted to, he could have thrown to 82. Watch both corners run with Garrett Wilson. He's all alone there to the left. But instead, he takes the hard way and still throws a touchdown pass. Their 10th offensive touchdown in this their 11th game. And for those of you who we talked about earlier, the all important extra point is good, by Gregg Zuerlein. 4:37 remaining in the fourth quarter at MetLife. 27-13, Miami. History of the National Football League. Meanwhile, onside kick attempt here from Morstead, who in the Super Bowl had a successful onside kick when he was a Saint, but not this time. Dolphins with Duke Riley covering it to retain possession here. So 27-13, 4 and 1/2 to go. See that number down at the bottom left? With Tua, it looks like a good night. And then again, you see those two interceptions. That is going to be the focal point for this Miami team, as we just talked about who they have coming up next three weeks and trying to get maybe that one seed. You got to eliminate those turnovers. The Dolphins trying to chew some clock here. It'll be second down. Timeout taken by the Jets. Well, guys, you know Aaron Rodgers had his Achilles repaired 10 weeks ago using-- --and [inaudible] electrons of course, has built a fantastic reputation and very deservedly so. I swear half the NFL injured reserve list is under his care. Mostert gets taken down. By the way, lest anybody throw me out of the stadium for the Jets since I've did the butt fumble game-- It's on you. But I did do the miracle at the Meadowlands-- went back to the hotel. The next day he's the big story on headline news. He had that vision. That's another all time memory. Right. It's a first down here for Mostert. You've called a lot of these games that are just-- people are going to remember that interception for a long time. And for the wrong reasons. Well, the back to back pick sixes. One on top of another. At half. And the way the Jets have looked these last couple series, that's kind of game that they thought it could be. They were hoping. Big hole. Going to the end zone. Icing on the cake. Touchdown Mostert. Off he goes for 34 yards. I keep talking about these backups and how often it's poor execution when the backups come in. Watch Liam Eichenberg, who's known really as a tackle, do a really good job of just sustaining that. And when you have a back like Mostert, who's got speed, what he also has is he gets lateral, uses his vision. And then he's got the burst. And it allows all those linemen be able to secure those blocks and move that defensive line laterally. And then he sneaks through that, finds that crease for a touchdown. Extra point by Sanders to make it 34-13, Dolphins. And back we come in 30 seconds. With 3 and 1/2 to go. 34-13, Miami. So perhaps the beginning of a new NFL tradition, a Black Friday game. Games. Rolling through my head right now, the Beatles, Eight Days a Week. Fortunately, there's just seven. Lookout, down he goes here. That was Ogbah coming in. But the Jets able to keep it. Well, we saw Phillips go down. You talked about Ogbah. These are going to be the guys who are going to have to emerge at those outside linebacker spots, which in Vic Fangio's system, that's paramount to have these kind of players. And 91 there steps up, plays nicely. Second and 19. It's caught. A flat here. To the 25-yard line goes Ruckert, tight end, coming to the line in a hurry for what it's worth. Third down, third and 10. So Al, 712 games, right off the top of your head, which one stands out? Is there one that stands out? One? Which Super Bowl? Well, two Super Bowls, Arizona-Pittsburgh and Seattle-New England. Oh yeah, I'll say. Catch made here. And that's going to be enough for a first down. And the Cincinnati Rams game that you had, Absolutely, that was great. Yeah, it's funny. There's so many Super Bowls, which in the early years were routes and one-sided games. And all of a sudden, after about Super Bowl 25 or so, most of them have become nail biters. That pass is incomplete. I had the Giants-Buffalo game back in the Super Bowl in 1990. Came down to that last field goal. No good wide right. Scott-- That's my fault. Everything's my fault. Of course, it's my fault. Why would you even ask? They call me Mr. Kibosh. backhanded catch made up at the 39-yard line but Garrett Wilson. Nik Needham in on that tackle. And rolling down to the two-minute warning. Tua was 21 of 30 for 243. And on third and 6, the final play before the two-minute warning is a catch, a broken tackle, To move the sticks is Dalvin Cook, makes the grab. --flying tonight. You're flying back home. I got to go to Ann Arbor for Ohio State-Michigan. Your typical weekend, right? Well, yeah, you're going there for the game day. And then you're calling the game Saturday night in Florida? Yeah, down to Gainesville tomorrow night. And the Dolphins will head back to Florida after tonight's game. And they'll be taking with them a record of 8 and 3. 7-yard pick up here for Xavier Gibson. I was surprised when we looked back last time the Dolphins went to the Super Bowl 1984, Dan Marino second year, 38 seasons ago, last playoff win from Miami 2000. Yeah, '84 was Marino's only Super Bowl. Second year in the league, Joe Montana won the game. Going deep into double coverage. And that's incomplete. By the way, you should know I did the pre-game, halftime, and postgame of that Super Bowl at Stanford Stadium. Covered it all. And my analysts were Tom Landry and OJ Simpson. Yes, sir. There you have it. We're just throwing out everything tonight. Wait a second, Tom Landry did TV? Yeah, so they hired him to do the-- Tom? Well, he was a good partner. I had to teach him a little bit about television. But yeah, we were there at Stanford Stadium that day. That's when Roone Arledge would hire just whoever the flavor of the moment was. And a sack again here. This time he got Da'Shawn Hand. Boy, they are just teeing off at this point. This is another Alabama defensive lineman. You get into obvious passing situations. And they do a really good job at that simulated pressure, where they show one look, and go to another, and make you react to it, and confuse the offensive linemen, create some one on one matchups. And Hand has power. That time he shows quickness. So fourth down and 14. He's been sacked six times, not a seventh fortunately. And that'll turn the ball over and take us to the finish line after a snap or two. Nick Bawden is right there. So the Jets will limp out of here, four-game losing streak, 4 and 7. The Jets meanwhile on the right hand side there. Atlanta and Houston come here. This is the first of three straight home games. Then they got to go back to Miami. And on the left side is Miami. We've been talking about that schedule at Washington. But then Tennessee, the Jets, and Dallas, they have three straight home games leading into the game at Baltimore. Yeah, that Baltimore game in Baltimore we're all going to be anxious to see the result of that match-up. But Miami, with everything's going on around them in the AFC, not just trying to get to the postseason. But that home field advantage would be huge for Mike McDaniel and the Dolphins. That was Mike White, meanwhile, who came in as a Dolphin now last year with the Jets, who took that snap and the kneel down. So he does get into the game. To wrap it up, Tyreek Hill tonight had a total of nine grabs for 102 yards. Waddle had 114. Tua getting congratulated by one Tim Boyle. 10 offensive TDs this season, the fewest through this period of time going back to '09. And the Dolphins on the other side of that coin with 40 plus touchdowns. And again, that Dolphin offense tonight racking up a total of 396 yards. Richard Sherman and the gang.