Prime Minister Gentiloni, welcome. Great honor. Thank you. It's wonderful to have you in our wonderful People's House, known as the White House. And so many great Italian friends are with us today. And we renew, always, the deep ties of history and friendship that link together the American and the Italian peoples. That history traces its roots to the timeless contributions of Italy to civilization and human progress -- so true -- stretching all the way back to Ancient Rome.

Through the ages, your country has been a beacon of artistic and scientific achievement -- and that continues today -- from Venice to Florence, from Verdi to Pavarotti, a friend of mine. Great friend of mine. These bonds of history and culture have only grown stronger as our two nations have become close partners, dear friends, and very vital allies.

Mr. Prime Minister, I'm thrilled that you are here today to discuss how we can make this great relationship even more productive in the years to come. On the economy, Italy is one of Americas largest trading partners. A lot of people don't know that. We both seek a trading relationship that is balanced, reciprocal -- I love the word "reciprocal," because we don't have too many reciprocal trading partnerships, I will tell you that, but we will very soon -- and fair, benefitting both of our countries. And we can work together to achieve that outcome, and that will happen.

Italy is also a key partner in the fight against terrorism. Italy is now the second-largest contributor of troops to the conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan. I would also like to thank you, Prime Minister, for your leadership on seeking stabilization in Libya, and for your crucial efforts to deny ISIS a foothold in the Mediterranean. You fought hard. We're grateful for your role in the anti-ISIS campaign. All nations must condemn this barbaric enemy and support the effort to achieve its total and complete destruction.

Also, as you know, Mr. Prime Minister, we have more than 30,000 American service members, families, and personnel who are stationed across your country. As we reaffirm our support for historic institutions, we must also reaffirm the requirement that everyone must pay their full and fair share for the cost of defense.

Together, we can address many pressing challenges, including two that greatly affect both of our countries, those of large-scale migration and international smuggling. Maintaining strong borders is a vital component of any security policy, and a responsible approach to refugees is one that seeks the eventual return of refugees to their home countries so that they can help to rebuild their own nations.

Finally, I want to say how much I look forward to visiting Sicily for the G7, as we seek to foster cooperation not only on matters of security, but also science, commerce, health, and technology. Our two countries have shared interests and shared values, and we can each make great contributions to the other.

Mr. Prime Minister, I again want to thank you for being with us and being our true friend. Italy is a spectacular place; I know it well. I love the people of Italy. We have 18 million Italians living in the United States, people originally from Italy. And it's a great honor to have many of them as my friends. Thank you for being here.

Thank you very much. Thank you. Appreciate it. I'll take a few questions. John Roberts of Fox, please.

I see that.

Well, first of all, I love the question you asked the Prime Minister. I look forward to his answer --  -- because I'm going to be asking him that same question very soon. Well, first of all, our condolences from our country to the people of France. Again, it's happening, it seems. I just saw it as I was walking in, so that's a terrible thing and it's a very, very terrible thing that's going on in the world today. But it looks like another terrorist attack. And what can you say -- it just never ends. We have to be strong and we have to be vigilant. And I've been saying it for a long time.

As far as North Korea is concerned, we are in very good shape. We're building our military rapidly. A lot of things have happened over the last short period of time. I've been here for approximately 91 days; were doing a lot of work. Were in very good position. We're going to see what happens.

I can't ask your -- answer your question on stability. I hope the answer is a positive one, not a negative one. But hopefully that will be something that gets taken care of. I have great respect for the President of China. As you know, we had a great summit in Florida, and Palm Beach, and got to know each other and I think like each other. I can say from my standpoint I liked him very much. I respect him very much. And I think he's working very hard.

I can say that all of the pundits out there are saying they never have seen China work like they're working right now. Many coal ships have sent back. Many other things have happened. Some very unusual moves have been made over the last two or three hours. And I really have confidence that the President will try very hard. We don't know whether or not they're able to do that, but I have absolute confidence that he will be trying very, very hard.

And one of the reasons that were talking about trade deals and were talking about all of the different things -- but were slowing up a little bit. I actually told him, I said, you'll make a much better deal on trade if you get rid of this menace or do something about the menace of North Korea. Because that's what it is, it's a menace right now.

So well see what happens. As far as Iran is concerned, I think they are doing a tremendous disservice to an agreement that was signed. It was a terrible agreement. It shouldn't have been signed. It shouldn't have been negotiated the way it was negotiated. I'm all for agreements, but that was a bad one, as bad as I've ever seen negotiated.

They are not living up to the spirit of the agreement, I can tell you that. And were analyzing it very, very carefully and we'll have something to say about it in the not-too-distant future. But Iran has not lived up to the spirit of the agreement. And they have to do that. They have to do that. So we will see what happens. Thank you very much, John.

Yes, a strong Europe is very, very important to me as President of the United States. And it's also, in my opinion, in my very strong opinion, important for the United States. We want to see it. We will help it be strong, and it's very much to everybody's advantage. And I look very much forward to meeting the Pope. Fabian of The Hill. Fabian. Yes.

Okay, I want to get both. Are you shocked to hear that? And were doing very well on health care. We'll see what happens. But this is a great bill. There's a great plan. And this will be great health care. Its evolving. You know, there was never a give-up. The press sort of reported there was like a give-up. There's no give-up. We started. Remember, it took Obamacare 17 months. I've really been negotiating this for two months, maybe even less than that, because we had a 30-day period where we did lots of other things the first 30 days.

But this has really been two months. And this is a continuation. And the plan gets better and better and better. And it's gotten really, really good. And a lot of people are liking it a lot. We have a good chance of getting it soon. I'd like to say next week, but it will be -- I believe we will get it. And whether its next week or shortly thereafter. As far as keeping the government open, I think we want to keep the government open. Don't you agree? So, yeah, I think well get both. Thank you.

I do not see a role in Libya. I think the United States has right now enough roles. We're in a role everywhere. So I do not see that. I do see a role in getting rid of ISIS. We're being very effective in that regard. We are doing a job, with respect to ISIS, that has not been done anywhere near the numbers that were producing right now. It's a very effective force we have. We have no choice.

It's a horrible thing to say, but we have no choice. And we are effectively ridding the world of ISIS. I see that as a primary role, and that's what we're going to do, whether it's in Iraq or in Libya or anywhere else. And that role will come to an end at a certain point, and we'll be able to go back home and rebuild our country, which is what I want to do. Thank you all very much. I appreciate it. Thank you.