Thank you. Thank you very much. It is my great honor to welcome President Niinistö to the White House. We've just concluded a very positive meeting and I want to begin today by extending my thoughts and prayers for those affected by Hurricane Harvey, and the catastrophe of flooding and all of the other difficulties that they're currently going through in Houston and southeast Texas.

And now it's looking more and more like the state of Louisiana will be also affected. My administration is coordinating closely with state and local authorities, in Texas and Louisiana, to save lives, and we thank our first responders, and all of those involved in their efforts.

We're working directly with Texas Governor Greg Abbott, who by the way is doing a fantastic job, and his entire staff likewise, as well as with Governor John Bell Edwards, who is very much involved in starting the process of Louisiana.

We've pledged our full support as Texas and Louisiana battle and recover from this very devastating and historic storm. There's probably never been anything like this. Under the supervision of FEMA Administrator Brock Long, there has been a tremendous amount of work done. He has... He has been so outstanding in so many ways.

More than 8,500 federal workers are involved in the Texas effort alone. I've also today declared emergencies in Louisiana at the request of Governor Edwards. Recovery will be a long and difficult road.

And the federal government stands ready willing and able to support that effort. Right now the single most important thing is the safety and security of those still in harm's way, including the first responders who have been so terrific and brave.

Protecting the lives of our people is my highest priority. Every asset at my command is at the disposal of local officials. Tragic times such as these bring out the best in America's character. Strength, charity and resilience are those characters.

We see neighbor helping neighbor, friend helping friend, and stranger helping a stranger. And you see that, all of you watch on television. You just see such incredible work and love and teamwork. We are one American family. We heard together we struggled together. And believe me we endure together. We are one family.

To the people of Texas and Louisiana, we are 100 percent with you. We're praying for you. We're working closely with your leaders and officials. And I will be visiting the impact zone tomorrow to ensure that you're receiving full support and cooperation from the federal government.

And on Saturday we think we're going back to Texas. And also we will be going to Louisiana. Nothing can defeat the unbreakable spirit of the people of Texas and Louisiana right now. Every American heart sends its love and support to those whose lives have been upended, totally up.... and totally, by this very horrible storm.

We ask God for His wisdom and strength. We will get through this. We will come out stronger. And believe me we will be bigger better stronger than ever before. The rebuilding will begin, and in the end it will be something very special.

I just want to thank everybody in the affected area because it has been absolutely incredible to watch the spirit, the cooperation and the love. I would also like to share a message to the people of Finland who have recently suffered a terrorist attack in Turku.

We stand in solidarity with you against the terrorist threat. We must all work together to deny terrorists safe havens cut off their finances and defeat their very wicked ideology.

Mr. President, Americans are grateful for your steadfast support as an ally in the fight against terrorism. We appreciate it, including your membership in the coalition to defeat ISIS.

Finland makes important contributions to the coalition in its effort in Afghanistan and has troops on the ground in Iraq, training Iraqi soldiers. In Afghanistan, Finland provides troops and financial contributions to support the Afghan national defense and security forces on a modern day frontier between barbarism and civilization.

That's what you have. It's barbarism versus civilization. We are particularly grateful to the Finnish citizens who have sacrificed for our mutual security. Finland is a leading expert in cybersecurity.

In fact we should be calling you pretty soon. You do do a fantastic job with cybersecurity and I congratulate you. And I think in a very short period of time, we're going to be right there with you. Believe me.

The United States is very proud partner of Finland's European Center of Excellence to counter modern threats, including cyber attacks. In addition we look forward to your leadership as chair of the Arctic Council. The Arctic region has strategic and economic importance for both of our nations. Very much so.

The foundation of our friendship is our shared love of freedom. On behalf of all Americans, I congratulate you and the Finnish people on the 100th anniversary of Finland's independence. 100 years. Fantastic. In honor of Finland's Centennial, the United States is contributing an additional half million dollars to the Fulbright Finland Foundation.

Through the Fulbright program we are sending more of our best and brightest to Finland. Forging lasting connections between Americans and Finns on the economic front.

We seek fair and reciprocal trade to benefit both of our countries. I applaud Finnish companies for their commitment to increase investment in the United States adding new technologies and adding good jobs for hardworking Americans. Thank you.

The U.S.-Finnish partnership is rooted in our shared interests and common values. As President, and I must say and I want to thank you, Mr. President, we've discussed and we look forward to further strengthening these bonds of culture, commerce, and cooperation between our two countries, so that our citizens and our nations can thrive and prosper together.

Mr. President I like to thank you very much for being at the White House, and had a great meeting in the Oval Office. It's my honor to have you here. Thank you. Thank you

So  we'll take a couple of questions. How about we go to Texas. Todd Gillman?

No, I think that you're going to see very rapid action from Congress, certainly from the president. And you're going to get your funding. It's a terrible tragedy. Your governor has been absolutely outstanding in the job he's done and his entire staff. And I will say that I just spoke with Greg and he is working 24/7.

We expect to have requests on our desk fairly soon and we think that Congress will feel very much the way I feel. Very ,in a very bipartisan way. That will be nice but we think we're going to have what you need and it's going to go fast. Texas is a unique place. It's a great, great state great people. And I think you'll be up and running very very quickly. Really very quickly.

So yeah I think you're going to be in fantastic shape. I've already spoken to Congress and everybody feels for you and feels for what you're going through. But at the same time they have great respect, even additional respect for the state because you've handled it so well, so brilliantly.

But it's a long road. Still pouring. Still a lot of rain nobody's ever seen anything like it. I've heard the words epic. I've heard historic. That's what it is. But you'll have what you want. I think very very quickly. And Todd you can ask a question to the President.

I think it has nothing to do with it really. I think this is separate. This has got to go really very very quickly. Again I've spoken to many of the people we're talking about and everybody feels the same way I do.

Well I consider many countries as a security threat, unfortunately when you look at what's going on in the world today. As you know few weeks ago our great vice president Mike Pence who's right here was in the region and spent quite a bit of time there. We consider that a very very important part of the world.

We have great relationships there. We have a great relationship with Finland. And so I would consider many countries threats but these are all threats that we'll be able to handle if we have to. Hopefully we won't have to handle them. But if we do we will handle them.

We are very protective of that region. That's all I can say. We are very very protective. We have great friends there great relationships that we are extremely protective of

A question for the President. Yes. You know sometimes... you have a question for the President? Do you have a question for the President? Or somebody else can. You don't have to.

We had a very good discussion in particular on the Arctic and black carbon. And I think we have much in agreement. One of the things we also agree on we want crystal clean water and we want to clean air the cleanest ever. Very important. So we have a lot of agreement. John Roberts, yes?

Well, a lot of people think it was the right thing to do John. And actually in the middle of a hurricane, even though it was a Friday evening I assume the ratings would be far higher than they would be normally. You know the hurricane was just starting. And I pointed out that I had pardoned as we call as we say Sheriff Joe.

He's done a great job for the people of Arizona. He's very strong on borders very strong on illegal immigration. He is loved in Arizona. I thought he was treated unbelievably unfairly when they came down with their big decision to go get him right before the election voting started. As you know he lost in a fairly close election. He would have won the election but they just hammered him just before the election.

I thought that was a very very unfair thing to do. When I mentioned him the other night you saw the massive crowd we had the people went crazy when I said What do you think of Sheriff Joe or something to that effect the place went absolutely crazy when I was in Arizona last week.

And as far as pardons are concerned, I actually did this just before the meeting because I assume that somebody would ask me that question. I didn't know it would be you, as you can attest. You didn't even know you're going to be called. But I thought I would.

And you know Sheriff Joe is a great veteran of the military. Great law enforcement person. Somebody that's won many many elections in the state of Arizona. But I wanted to look at some of the other people that were pardoned over the years.

And if you look at as an example, President Clinton pardoned Marc Rich, who is charged with crimes going back decades, including illegally buying oil from Iran while it held 53 American hostages. Wasn't allowed to do that selling to the enemies of the United States. He was pardoned after his wife donated hundreds of thousands of dollars to the Clintons.

Then you have dangerous criminals. President Clinton pardoned Susan Rosenberg a member of the Weather Underground. Charged as part of a bank robbery that led to a guard and two police officers being killed. Drug dealers.

President Clinton commuted the sentence of Carlos Vignali, a central player in a cocaine ring that stretched from California to Minnesota. Criminal leaker. You've heard the word leaker. President Obama commuted the sentence of Chelsea Manning, who leaked countless sensitive and classified documents to WikiLeaks. Perhaps others.

But a horrible horrible thing that he did. Commuted the sentence, and perhaps pardoned/ President Obama commuted the sentence of Oscar Lopez Rivera who is charged as part of a violent independent group from Puerto Rico. Responsible for 28 Chicago area bombings and many deaths in the 1970s and 1980s.

Sheriff Joe is a patriot. Sheriff Joe loves our country. Sheriff Joe protected our borders. And Sheriff Joe was very unfairly treated by the Obama administration, especially right before the election, an election that he would have won. And he was elected many times so I stand by my pardon of Sheriff Joe. And I think the people of Arizona who really know him best would agree with me. Thank you very much.

I know there might be a couple of more questions, but you want to take one more? Would you want to take one more. Go ahead pick. Go ahead.

Again? You're going to give her the same one?

Go ahead

Go Ahead

Please. Again I'm going to give her the same way. No she's not. Go ahead. They are.

Well I hope that we do have good relations with Russia. I say it loud and clear. I've been saying it for years. I think it's a good thing if we have great relationships or at least good relationships with Russia. That's very important, and I believe someday that will happen.

It's a big country. It's a nuclear country. I's a country that we should get along with. And I think we will eventually get along with Russia. Finland is respected by Russia. Finland has been free of Russia, really just about one of the few countries in the region that has been for 100 years. And Russia has a lot of respect for Finland, so that's always good.

But I think Finland is doing fine with Russia and I hope that the United States will someday be able to have a very good relationship with Russia also. I think that's very good for world peace and for other things.

Well, as I said before that you know our relationship with Finland is a very close one and we're always ready to help Finland. And one of the things that is happening is you're purchasing large amounts of our great F-18 aircraft from Boeing, and it's one of the great planes, one of the great fighter jets, and you're purchasing lots of other military equipment.

And I think purchasing very wisely. I know all of the military equipment and I actually agree with everything you purchased. We talked about it before. I think Finland's really a respected country militarily.

It's got large armed forces for its size as a country. Really proportionally probably one of the biggest in the world if you think of it. But they're very respected militarily and they're respected beyond militarily. So hopefully it'll never come to that. Thank you.

Go ahead.

No I think what's going to happen is the FEMA money is relatively small compared to the rebuilding money. So FEMA right now we have the money necessary for Texas and Louisiana if we need. But the all you know the real number which will be many billions of dollars will go through Congress. I think it'll happen very quickly it'll go very fast. And I want to congratulate you on the network. It's a great network.

Yes it will. One way or the other Mexico is going to pay for the wall. It may be through reimbursement but one way or the other Mexico will pay for the. We're right now negotiating NAFTA.

In my opinion Mexico has been very difficult, as they should be. Why wouldn't they be? They had a sweetheart deal for so many years. It's one of the great deals of all time for them. One of the worst trade deals ever signed. I guarantee you Mr. President, Finland would never have signed NAFTA with Russia or whoever you wanted. This is not a deal that you would want to sign.

This is not a deal that Finland would know about. NAFTA is one of the worst trade deals ever signed at any time anywhere in the world. And I can understand why Mexico is being difficult because why wouldn't they be? They've had it their way.

But Mexico will pay for the Wall. It may be through a reimbursement. We need the wall very badly as you know Mexico has a tremendous crime problem tremendous. One of the number two or three in the world, and that's another reason we need it. Just to add on tremendous drugs pouring into the United States at levels that nobody has ever seen before.

This happened over the last three to four years in particular. The wall will stop much of the drugs from pouring into this country and poisoning our youth. So we need the wall. It's imperative. We may fund it through the United States, but ultimately Mexico will pay for wall.

Well, I hope that's not necessary. Yeah. I hope that's not necessary. If it's necessary, we'll have to see. But I hope it's not necessary. The wall is needed from the standpoint of security. The wall is needed from the standpoint of drug... tremendous drug scourge. What's coming through and that through that area, through the areas that we're talking about as you know I have General Kelly here. We stopped traffic coming through 78 percent.

It's going to be I think 81 percent this quarter which is a record. In other administrations if they stopped it just a little bit like one or two or three percent they consider that a great thing we're up to almost 80 percent. We'll soon be over 80 percent. But you need the wall to do the rest. And you need the wall for the drugs the drugs are a tremendous problem. The wall will greatly help with the drug problem.

And ultimately that's a good thing for Mexico also. We have a very good relationship with Mexico. But I will say that dealing with them. I've always said, I've talked about after, you've heard me many times and I've said that we will either terminate it or renegotiate it. We're in the process of renegotiating right now. Renegotiating the deal.

I believe that you will probably have to at least start the termination process before a fair deal can be arrived at, because it's been a one-sided deal, and this includes Canada by the way -- great respect for Canada, great love for Canada -- but it's been a one-sided deal for Canada and from Mexico and the United States workers all of these incredible people who have lost their jobs because of NAFTA.

They're not going to be suffering any longer. It's been unfair for too long. So we will build the wall, and we will stop a lot of things including the drug... the drugs are pouring in at levels like nobody has ever seen will be able to stop them once the wall is up. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you everybody.