Well, thank you very much, President Macron. And Melania and I are thrilled to join you and Mrs. Macron. This is a wonderful national celebration, and we look very much forward to it. It'll be spectacular. Tomorrow, Bastille Day.

We're honored to be here in your beautiful country -- and it certainly is a beautiful country, with its proud history and its magnificent people -- and thank you for the tour of some of the most incredible buildings anywhere in the world. That was a very, very, very beautiful thing to see. Thank you.

When the French people rose up and stormed the Bastille, it changed the course of human history. Our two nations are forever joined together by the spirit of revolution and the fight for freedom. France is America's first and oldest ally. A lot of people don't know that.

Ever since General Lafayette joined the American fight for independence, our fates and fortunes have been tied, unequivocally, together. It was a long time ago, but we are together. And I think together, perhaps, more so than ever. The relationship is very good.

This visit also commemorates another milestone. One century ago, the United States entered World War I. And when the president called me, he had mentioned that fact. A hundred years ago. And that was -- I said, "Mr. President, I will be there. That's a big, important date. One hundred years."

We remember the tens of thousands of Americans who gave their lives in that valiant and very difficult struggle. We also pay tribute to the heroic deeds of the French troops whose courage at the Battle of Marne and countless other battles will never be forgotten by us. More than 1 million French soldiers laid down their lives in defense of liberty. Their sacrifice is an eternal tribute to France and to freedom.

French and American patriots have fought together, bled together and died together in the fight for our countries and our civilizations. Today, we face new threats from rogue regimes like North Korea, Iran and Syria, and the governments that finance and support them. We also face grave threats from terrorist organizations that wage war on innocent lives.

Tomorrow will mark one year since a joyous Bastille Day celebration in Nice turned into a massacre. We all remember that, how horrible that was. We mourn the 86 lives that were stolen. And we pray for their loved ones. We also renew our resolve to stand united against these enemies of humanity, and to strip them of their territory, their funding, their networks and ideological support.

Today, President Macron and myself discussed how we can strengthen our vital security partnerships. Just had a meeting with our generals and our representatives, and it went very well. France has excellent counterterrorism capabilities. The French troops are serving bravely in places like Mali to defeat these forces of murder and destruction. The United States and our allies strengthen our commitment to defeat terrorism.

We're also making tremendous progress. Earlier this week, with the strong support of the United States and the global coalition, Iraq forces liberated the city of Mosul from ISIS control. Now we must work with the government of Iraq and our partners and allies in the region to consolidate the gains and ensure that the victory stays a victory, unlike the last time.

Last week, the G-20 leaders also reaffirmed the right to sovereign nations to control their borders. We must be strong from within to defend ourselves from threats from the outside.

The nations of the West also face domestic challenges of our own creation, including vast government bureaucracy that saps the strength from our economies and from our societies. For this reason, I applaud President Macron on his courageous call for that less bureaucracy -- it's a good chant -- less bureaucracy -- we can use it, too -- and a Europe that protects its citizens.

We did not become great through regulation, and in the United States, Mr. President, we also have cut regulations at a level that we've never seen before. So we're very proud of that over the last six months. But by allowing our people to follow their dreams, that's what it's all about.

To achieve these dreams, however, we must also confront unfair trade practices that hurt our workers, and pursue trade deals that are reciprocal and fair. Both President Macron and I understand our responsibility to prioritize the interests of our countries, and at the same time to be respectful of the world in which we live. We live in a very complex world. We have to respect it.

The United States remains committed to being a leader in environmental protection, while we advance energy security and economic growth. The friendship between our two nations and ourselves, I might add, is unbreakable. Our occasional disagreements are nothing compared to the immortal bonds of culture, destiny and liberty that unite us -- so strongly unite us also.

As long as we have pride in who we are, where we've come from, how we got here, and what we've achieved as free and democratic nations, then there is nothing we cannot accomplish together. France helped us secure our independence. A lot of people forget. In the American Revolution, thousands of French soldiers fought along-side American troops so that, as Lafayette said, "liberty would have a country."

Ever since then, courageous heroes from both nations have fought for the same noble values and the same righteous cause. Tomorrow, the French tricolor will once again wave proudly along-side the American stars and stripes. Our brave soldiers will march side by side and we will all be inspired to protect and cherish the birthright of freedom that our ancestors won for us with their sweat and with their blood.

President Macron, thank you for inviting Melania and myself to this historic celebration, and to you and your spectacular country, may God bless France and may God bless America. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. President.

He's getting the first question? The president?

I think that I can reiterate. We have a very good relationship, a good friendship. And we look forward to dinner tonight at the Eiffel Tower. That'll be something special. And yes, I mean, something could happen with respect to the Paris Accord. We'll see what happens. But we will talk about that over the coming period of time. And if it happens, that'll be wonderful. And if it doesn't, that'll be OK too. But we'll see what happens. But we did discuss many things today, including the cease-fire in Syria. We discussed the Ukraine. We discussed a lot of different topics. We briefly hit on the Paris Accord, and we'll see what happens, OK? Yes, ma'am?

Well, I'll start off by saying, first of all, I believe that we will have a great FBI director. I think he's doing really well. And we're very proud of that choice. I think I've done a great service to the country by choosing him. He -- he will make us all proud, and I think someday we'll see that, and hopefully someday soon. So, we're very proud of him.

As far as my son is concerned, my son is a wonderful young man. He took a meeting with a Russian lawyer. Not a government lawyer, but a Russian lawyer. It was a short meeting. It was a meeting that went very, very quickly, very fast. Two other people in the room, they -- I guess one of them left almost immediately and the other one was not really focused on the meeting.

I do think this. I think from a practical standpoint most people would've taken that meeting. It's called opposition research, or even research into your opponent. I've had many people -- I have only been in politics for two years, but I've had many people call up, "Oh gee, we have information on this factor or this person or, frankly, Hillary."

That's very standard in politics. Politics is not the nicest business in the world, but it's very standard where they have information and you take the information. In the case of Don, he listened. I guess they talked about -- as I see it, they talked about adoption and some things. Adoption wasn't even a part of the campaign. But nothing happened from the meeting, zero happened from the meeting. And honestly, I think the press made a very big deal over something that really a lot of people would do.

Now, the lawyer that went to the meeting, I see that she was in the halls of Congress also. Somebody said that her visa or her passport, to come into the country, was approved by Attorney General Lynch. Now, maybe that's wrong, I just heard that a little while ago, but a little surprised to hear that. So, she was here because of Lynch.

So, again, I have a son who's a great young man. He's fine person. Took a meeting from a lawyer from Russia. It lasted for a very short period and nothing came of the meeting. And I think it's a meeting that most people in politics probably would have taken. Mr. President?

What a good answer that is.

One of the great things that came out of that meeting, by the way, even though it's not part of the question, was the fact that we got a cease-fire -- fire that now has lasted for, I guess, Mr. President, almost five days. And while five days doesn't sound like a long period of time, in terms of a cease-fire in Syria, that's a very long period of time. And that was a result of having communication with a country.

So, during that five-year -- five-day period a lot of lives have been saved, a lot of people were not killed. No shots have been fired in a very, very dangerous part of the world and this is one of the most dangerous parts of Syria itself.

So, by having some communication and dialogue, we were able to have the cease-fire and it's going to go on for a while. And frankly, we're working on a second cease-fire in a very rough part of Syria. And if we get that, and a few more, all of a sudden you're going to have no bullets being fired in Syria. And that would be a wonderful thing. Mr. President, you have a question.

You better let me answer that one first. That's a beauty.  He's the one that asked the question; that wasn't even one of my picks. You know what? It's going to be just fine because you have a great president. You have somebody that's going to run this country right. And I would be willing to bet, because I think this is one of the great cities, one of the most beautiful cities in the world.

And you have a great leader now. You have a great president. You have a tough president. He's not going to be easy on people that are breaking the laws and people that show this tremendous violence. So I really have a feeling that you're going to have a very, very peaceful and beautiful Paris. And I'm coming back. You better do a good job, please, otherwise you're going to make me look very bad.

Thank you.

Well, he's a friend of mine. I have great respect for him. We've gotten to know each other very well. A great leader. He's a very talented man. I think he's a very good man. He loves China. I can tell you, he loves China. He wants to do what's right for China. We've asked him for some assistance with respect to North Korea. Probably he could do a little bit more, but we'll find out.

We're now working on some trade deals. He's been very nice. He's let, as you know, beef go back in, certain financing go back in, credit card financing, and various other things go back in, at my request, which is a great thing for our farmers. So, lot of good things are happening. But we're going to be working on some very major trade components. But President Xi is a terrific guy. I like being with him a lot. Any he's a very special person. OK? Thank you.