Well, thank you very much, President Duda, for your really gracious hospitality. We've had a wonderful stay. It's been quick. But the people of Poland have been so fantastic.

And as you know, Polish-Americans came out in droves. They voted in the last election, and I was very happy with that result. So I just want to thank you, and I want to thank them.

It's a true honor to be here in Poland. It's a majestic nation, it really is. It's a spectacular place. Some of the most beautiful sights that we just saw coming over. Really, very inspirational.

You're rich in history and you have absolutely an unbreakable spirit. That's something we've learned for -- over the course of many years.

The president and I concluded a productive meeting in which we reaffirmed our enduring bonds of friendship that have united our citizens for a long time. And -- but we've never been closer to Poland I think than we are right now.

Poland is not only a great friend, but a truly important ally, and a partner with respect to our military. We've had great cooperations with Poland. We've fought shoulder-to-shoulder in many different encounters

Particularly grateful for the active role Poland has taken in helping to defeat ISIS, where we've made tremendous strides, tremendous gains, which you'll be hearing about over the next period of time, and other terrorist organizations -- Poland's been right there with us, by training Iraqi special forces and flying reconnaissance missions. And just about any time we requested, they were there.

Brave Polish soldiers have fought and worked side by side with Americans in Iraq and Afghanistan. And on behalf of all Americans, I want to salute you. I want to thank you. Very, very special people.

I also want to thank the Polish people for their kindness to more than 5,000 American troops that are stationed in your country. Our strong alliance with Poland and NATO remains critical to deterring conflict and ensuring that war between great powers never again ravages Europe, and that the world will be a safer and better place.

America is committed to maintaining peace and security in Central and Eastern Europe. We're working with Poland in response to Russia's actions and destabilizing behavior. And we're grateful for the example Poland has set for every member of the NATO alliance by being one of the few nations that actually meets its financial obligations.

As you know, I've been pretty hard on some of the members of NATO for not, and the money is pouring in. I can tell you. I was criticized, Mr. President, but I can also say that the people of NATO aren't criticizing me. They're very happy. The money has been pouring in in the last year, far greater than it ever would have been.

It is past time for all countries and all countries in the NATO alliance to get going and to get up to their obligations. But I can say that Poland has been right there, and you will even exceed that number. And I appreciate that very much and so do a lot of other countries.

During our meeting, I congratulated President Duda on Poland's recent election to the United Nations Security Council. We also discussed our mutual commitment to safeguarding the values at the heart of our alliance: freedom, sovereignty, and the rule of law. Poland joins the Security Council at a very critical time. It's a critical time, frankly, for the world because you see what's going on.

Not only must we secure our nations from the threat of terrorism, but we must also confront the threat from North Korea. And that's what it is. It's a threat. And we will confront it very strongly. President Duda and I call on all nations to confront this global threat and publicly demonstrate to North Korea that there are consequences for their very, very bad behavior.

We also discussed the ongoing humanitarian catastrophe in Syria and the need to defeat ISIS and other terrorist groups where they control territory and populations. We have fought very hard and very powerfully against ISIS since I've been president. And we've made tremendous gains, far greater than has ever been made with respect to that group.

While the cities of Raqqah and Mosul will soon be liberated , criminals and butchers. We recognize that Syria requires a political solution that does not advance Iran's destructive agenda and does not allow terrorist organizations to return.

We also reaffirmed that any nation that values human life can never tolerate the use of chemical weapons. And we won't tolerate it either. Finally, we agreed to work to expand commerce between our countries.

We strongly support the Three Seas Initiative, and America stands ready to help Poland and other European nations diversify their energy supplies so that you can never be held hostage to a single supplier or, as we sometimes call it, a monopoly.

I'm pleased to report that the first shipment of American liquefied natural gas arrived in Poland last month, and there'll be many more coming. Maybe we can get your price up a little bit, but that's OK.  He's a tough negotiator.

We look forward to making the economic ties between the United States and Poland even stronger through trading relationships -- and that is a balanced and reciprocal one. We want reciprocal trade relationships. We don't have too many of them.

I said before that the United States has made some of the worst trade deals ever in history. That's going to change. That's going to change. The friendship between our peoples dates all the way back to the American Revolution. It's a long time.

I look forward to speaking more about these enduring bonds of faith and freedom when I address the entire Polish nation in just a little while.

I hear we have a big crowd, Mr. President. It's going to be a big -- I think they're showing up for you, not for me, right? We're going to have a big crowd. That's what the word is.

So, President Duda, thank you again for welcoming Melania and myself to your beloved homeland. Together we can make the partnership between our two nations stronger than ever before. Special people, special place. And it's an honor to be here. Thank you.

David? David?

Yeah, I think what CNN did was unfortunate for them. As you know, now they have some pretty serious problems. They have been fake news for a long time. They've been covering me in a very, very dishonest way. Do you have that also, by the way, Mr. President?

But -- CNN and others. I mean, I know this -- NBC is equally as bad, despite the fact that I made them a fortune with "The Apprentice," but they forgot that. But I will say that CNN has really taken it too seriously, and I think they've hurt themselves very badly -- very, very badly.

And what we want to see in the United States is honest -- beautiful, free but honest press. We want to see fair press. I think it's a very important thing. We don't want fake news.

And, by the way, not everybody is fake news. But we don't want fake news. Bad thing -- very bad for our country. As far as North Korea's concerned, I don't know. We'll see what happens. I don't like to talk about what I have planned. But I have some pretty severe things that we're thinking about. That doesn't mean we're going to do them. I don't draw red lines.

President Obama drew a red line, and I was the one that made it look a little bit better than it was. But that could have been done a lot sooner, and you wouldn't have had the same situation that you have right now in Syria. That was a big mistake.

But I think we'll just take a look at what happens over the coming weeks and months with respect to North Korea. It's a shame that they're behaving this way, but they are behaving in a very, very dangerous manner. And something will have to be done about it. Thank you. Thank you, David.

A very fair question. I think we can enter a contract for LNG within the next 15 minutes.

Do you have anybody available to negotiate?  It will take about 15 minutes

You know, we're becoming a great exporter of energy. Very soon, we'll be a very great exporter of energy. And we've taken a lot of unnecessary regulations out of our process. And we are doing things that we haven't been able to do for a long time.

So we're a -- we're blessed with great land -- we didn't even know it 15 years ago -- in terms of what was underneath our feet. And certainly, we have found out through technology that we are truly blessed to have this incredible wealth under our feet. And we are going to be an exporter of energy. It's already happening.

And any time you're ready, we can do additional contracts. We've already done the one, but we can do many additional contracts. Thank you.

Well, we didn't discuss guarantees, and we weren't really in that position to discuss guarantees. But certainly, we've been here for a long time. We have quite a few troops here, up to 5,000, and we will continue to do that and we will continue to work with Poland. But we did not discuss guarantees, no.

Well, I think it was Russia. And I think it could have been other people in other countries. Could have been a lot of people interfered.

I've said it very -- I said it very simply. I think it could very well have been Russia, but I think it could well have been other countries. And I won't be specific, but I think a lot of people interfere. I think it's been happening for a long time. It's been happening for many, many years.

Now, the thing I have to mention is that Barack Obama, when he was president, found out about this, in terms of if it were Russia -- found out about it in August. Now, the election was in November. That's a lot of time. He did nothing about it.

Why did he do nothing about it? He was told it was Russia by the CIA, as I understand it. It was well-reported. And he did nothing about it.

They say he choked. Well, I don't think he choked. I think what happens is he thought Hillary Clinton was going to win the election and he said, "Let's not do anything about it." Had he thought the other way, he would have done something about it.

So he was told in early August by, presumably, the CIA that Russia was trying to get involved or meddling pretty strongly with the election. He did nothing about it. The reason is he thought Hillary was going to win. And if he thought I was going to win, he would have done plenty about it.

So that's the real question is why did he do nothing from August all the way to November 8th? Why did he do nothing? His people said he choked. I don't think he choked.

Well, I'll tell you. Let me just start off by saying I heard it was 17 agencies. I said, "Boy, that's a lot. Do we even have that many intelligence agencies, right? Let's check it." And we did some very heavy research. It turned out to be three or four; it wasn't 17. And many of your compatriots had to change their reporting and they had to apologize and they had to correct.

Now, with that being said, mistakes have been made. I agree: I think it was Russia, but I think it was probably other people and/or countries. And I see nothing wrong with that statement. Nobody really knows. Nobody really knows for sure.

I remember when I was sitting back, listening about Iraq, weapons of mass destruction; how everybody was 100 percent sure that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction. Guess what. That led to one big mess. They were wrong and it led to a mess. So, it was Russia, and I think it was probably others also. And that's been going on for a long period of time.

But my big question is why did Obama do nothing about it from August all the way to November 8th? He did nothing about it. And it wasn't because he choked.

Thank you, everybody, very much.