Thank you. Secretary General Stoltenberg, it's a pleasure to welcome you to the White House -- especially at such an important moment in our great Alliance.

I also want to acknowledge the great work being done by our Secretary of State, Rex Tillerson, to strengthen the NATO Alliance, as well as the Secretary's trip to Moscow to promote the security interest of the United States and its allies. He did a terrific job. Just watched parts of it -- an absolutely terrific job.

Sixty-eight years ago this month, not far from where we are gathered today, President Harry Truman spoke at the signing of the North Atlantic Treaty. In the nearly seven decades since Harry Truman spoke those words, the NATO Alliance has been the bulwark of international peace and security.

NATO allies defeated communism and liberated the captive nations of the Cold War. They secured the longest period of unbroken peace that Europe has ever known. This enduring partnership rooted out of so many different things, but our common security is always number one, and our common devotion to human dignity and freedom.

Since 1949, the NATO member states have more than doubled, increasing from 12 to 28. On Monday, I signed the protocol to approve the 29th -- the country of Montenegro. In the coming months and years, I'll work closely with all of our NATO allies to enhance this partnership and to adapt to the challenges of the future -- of which there will be many. This includes upgrading NATO to focus on today's most pressing security and all of its challenges, including migration and terrorism.

We must also work together to resolve the disaster currently taking place in Syria. We are grateful for the support of NATO members and partners in their condemnation of Assad's murderous attack, using the most horrible weapons. The vicious slaughter of innocent civilians with chemical weapons, including the barbaric killing of small and helpless children and babies, must be forcefully rejected by any nation that values human life. It is time to end this brutal civil war, defeat terrorists, and allow refugees to return home.

In facing our common challenges, we must also ensure that NATO members meet their financial obligations and pay what they owe. Many have not been doing that. The Secretary General and I agree that other member nations must satisfy their responsibility to contribute 2 percent of GDP to defense. If other countries make their fair share, instead of relying on the United States to make up the difference, we will all be much more secure and our partnership will be made that much stronger.

The Secretary General and I had a productive discussion about what more NATO can do in the fight against terrorism. I complained about that a long time ago and they made a change, and now they do fight terrorism. I said it was obsolete; it's no longer obsolete. It's my hope that NATO will take on an increased role in supporting our Iraqi partners in their battle against ISIS. I'm also sending General McMaster to Afghanistan to find out how we can make progress alongside our Afghan partners and NATO allies.

Every generation has strived to adapt the NATO Alliance to meet the challenges of their times -- and on my visit to Brussels this spring -- I look very much forward to -- we will work together to do the same. We must not be trapped by the tired thinking that so many have, but apply new solutions to face new circumstances. And that's all throughout the world. We're not here to stand on ceremony but to develop real strategies to achieve safety, security and peace. We're here to protect the freedom and prosperity of our citizens and to give them the future they so richly deserve.

Secretary General, I'm honored to have you here today, and to reaffirm our commitment to this Alliance and to the enduring values that we proudly -- and I mean, very proudly -- share. Thank you very much. Thank you for being here.

Thank you very much. Great. Thank you. So well have a couple of questions. Jeff Mason.

Well, I'll be speaking to -- do you want to go ahead. Go ahead.

I'll be speaking with Rex Tillerson in a little while -- he's calling in. I think he had a very successful meeting in Russia. We'll see. Well see the end result, which will be in a long period of time, perhaps. But the end result is what's most important -- not just talk. And I think that, based on everything I'm hearing, things went pretty well, maybe better than anticipated.

It would be wonderful, as we were discussing just a little while ago, if NATO and our country could get along with Russia. Right now, were not getting along with Russia at all. We may be at an all-time low in terms of a relationship with Russia. This has built for a long period of time. But were going to see what happens. Putin is the leader of Russia. Russia is a strong country. Were a very, very strong country. We're going to see how that all works out.

Last night, separately, I spoke with a man that I've gotten to know. I don't know Putin, but I do know this gentleman -- I've spent a lot of time with him over the last two days, and he is the President of China. You were there --most of you were there, and it was quite an interesting period of time.

President Xi wants to do the right thing. We had a very good bonding. I think we had a very good chemistry together. I think he wants to help us with North Korea. We talked trade. We talked a lot of things. And I said, the way you're going to make a good trade deal is to help us with North Korea; otherwise were just going to go it alone.

That will be all right, too. But going it alone means going it with lots of other nations. But I was very impressed with President Xi, and I think he means well and I think he wants to help. Well see whether or not he does.

Excuse me?

Were going to see, were going to see about that. And I'll also see about Putin over a period of time. It would be a fantastic thing if we got along with Putin and if we got along with Russia. And that could happen, and it may not happen, it may be just the opposite.

I can only tell you what I would like to do. I would love to be able to get along with everybody. Right now, the world is a mess. But I think by the time we finish, I think it's going to be a lot better place to live. And I can tell you that, speaking for myself, by the time I'm finished, it's going to be a lot better place to live in -- because right now its nasty.

And this is the first time in many, many years that we see an increase in the military presence of the United States in Europe. So we are increasing our presence, and were also increasing the readiness and the preparedness of our forces so we can quickly reinforce if needed.

We consider the presence we will have when the four battle groups are in place as sufficient given the current security situation in Europe. But, of course, we will assess the situation and follow the developments very closely.

The message from NATO is that what we do is proportionate; it is defensive. And we don't want a new Cold War. We don't want a new arms race. And actually we strongly believe that there is no contradiction between a strong NATO, a credible deterrence on defense, and political dialogue with Russia. Actually, we believe that a precondition for the political dialogue with Russia is that we are strong and that we are united. But based on that, we can talk to Russia because Russia is our neighbor, Russia is here to stay, so we have to find ways to manage our relationship with Russia.

And I am absolutely certain that the United States supports this approach -- partly because the United States is contributing with forces to our enhanced presence in the eastern part of the Alliance and also in the southeast of the Alliance in Romania, and the United States and the President has clearly expressed that they want dialogue with Russia, but based on unity and strength in the Alliance. Then the next question is from Jon Sopel.

I like that question.

I think it's certainly possible; I think it's probably unlikely. And I know they're doing investigations into that right now. I would like to think that they didn't know, but certainly they could have. They were there. So well find out. General Mattis is looking into it with the entire Pentagon group that does that kind of work.

So it was very disappointing to see. It's disappointing no matter who does it, but when you get into the gases -- especially that form -- its vicious and violent. And everybody in this room saw it all too many times over the last three or four days -- young children dying, babies dying, fathers holding children in their arms that were dead. Dead children -- there can't be a worse sight, and it shouldn't be allowed. That's a butcher. That's a butcher.

So I felt we had to do something about it. I have absolutely no doubt we did the right thing, and it was very, very successfully done, as you well know. Thank you.

And I did ask about all the money that hasn't been paid over the years, will that money be coming back. We'll be talking about that, right?  We want to talk about that, too. Anita Kumar, where are you? Hi. McClatchy.

We did talk last night. I think it's wonderful that they abstained. As you know very few people expected that. And, no, I was not surprised that China did abstain. Very, very few people thought that that was going to happen. So were honored by the vote. That's the vote that should have taken place.

Say it --

I cannot hear. I cannot understand --

Well, I want to just start by saying hopefully they're going to have to fear nothing, ultimately. Right now there is a fear, and there are problems -- there are certainly problems. But ultimately, I hope that there won't be a fear and there won't be problems, and the world can get along. That would be the ideal situation.

It's crazy what's going on -- whether it's the Middle East or you look at -- no matter where the -- Ukraine -- you look at -- whatever you look at, it's got problems, so many problems. And ultimately, I believe that we are going to get rid of most of those problems, and there won't be fear of anybody. That's the way it should be.

We have a very big problem in North Korea. And, as I said, I really think that China is going to try very hard, and has already started. A lot of the coal boats have already been turned back -- you saw that yesterday and today -- they've been turned back.

The vast amount of coal that comes out of North Korea going to China, they've turned back the boats. That's a big step, and they have many other steps that I know about. So we'll see what happens. It may be effective, it may not be effective. If it's not effective, we will be effective, I can promise you that. Thank you.

Thank you very much. Thank you.