Thank you very much. Thank you. I'm honored to welcome my new friend -- we got along very well right from the beginning -- Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte to the White House.

Mr. Prime Minister, I want to begin by congratulating you once again on your tremendous victory in Italy. It was something that all the world was watching, and it excited the people all across Italy and, I can tell you, all across the United States, as well. Congratulations.

In your election, the Italian nation has reaffirmed the great traditions of sovereignty, law, and accountability that stretch all the way back to Ancient Rome. This proud heritage sustains our civilization and must be always defended.

Today, Prime Minister Conte and I are pleased to announce a new strategic dialogue between Italy and the United States that will enhance cooperation on a range of issues. This includes joint security efforts in the Mediterranean, where we recognize Italy's leadership role in the stabilization of Libya and North Africa. They've been terrific.

Both the Prime Minister and I are focused on the urgent need to protect our nations from terrorism and uncontrolled migration. Our countries have learned through hard experience that border security is national security. They are one and the same.

Like the United States, Italy is currently under enormous strain as a result of illegal immigration. And they fought it hard. And the Prime Minister, frankly, is with us today because of illegal immigration. Italy got tired of it. They didn't want it any longer.

The people of Italy have borne a great part of the burden for Europe through the course of the migration crisis. I applaud the Prime Minister for his bold leadership -- truly bold -- and I hope more leaders will follow this example, including leaders in Europe.

The Prime Minister and I are united in our conviction that strong nations must have strong borders. We have a solemn obligation to protect our citizens and their quality of life. My administration is working hard to pass border security legislation, improve vetting, and establish a merit-based immigration system, which the United States needs very, very importantly, very badly.

As far as the border is concerned -- and personally, if we don't get border security, after many, many years of talk within the United States, I would have no problem doing a shutdown. It's time we had proper border security. We're the laughingstock of the world. We have the worst immigration laws anywhere in the world.

In our meeting today, the Prime Minister and I discussed ways to enhance our cooperation in the fight against terrorism. That also has to do with border security. I want to thank the Italian people for Italy's contributions to counterterrorism and operations in the coalition to defeat ISIS, where we've had a tremendous success, as you know, and in NATO's Resolute Support Mission in Afghanistan.

The Prime Minister and I also agree that the brutal regime in Iran must never be allowed to possess a nuclear weapon. Never. We encourage all nations to pressure Iran to end the full range of its malign activities. The United States welcomes the partnership of Italy in these vital efforts.

Today we are also addressing the crucial issue of trade and commerce. We are working closely with our European partners, including Italy, to ensure fair and reciprocal trade. A few days ago, I met with President Juncker of the European Commission. We had a great meeting. Following that meeting, we announced a breakthrough agreement to remove trade barriers and increase United States exports of agriculture, energy, and other goods and services to the European Union.

Now is also the perfect time to expand commerce between the United States and Italy. America's booming economy -- we're setting records in so many categories -- creates enormous opportunities for investment. Likewise, I recommend investment in Italy. It's a great place with great people. I look forward to working closely with the Prime Minister to open up new commercial opportunities that will reduce our trade deficit substantially and increase our mutual prosperity.

Mr. Prime Minister, we discussed our shared goal of combatting unfair foreign trade practices from non-market economies. They're brutal, but we're winning. These abuses include subsidies, excess capacity, intellectual property theft, forced technology transfer, currency devaluation and distortion caused by state-owned enterprises.

In this area, like so many others, cooperation between Italy and the United States can make a tremendous difference not only for our countries, but all over the world. And it's making a big difference, and we're making a big difference -- tremendous difference -- on trade and on fairness. But we also have to be fair to the people of the United States and the taxpayers of the United States.

Mr. Prime Minister, thank you again for joining me for these important discussions. We are both outsiders to politics. Can you believe it? We are outsiders to politics. I look at all these wonderful politicians. And we're both determined to protect the rights and needs interests and dreams of our citizens. And we will do that.

I look forward to partnering with you to build on the incredible friendship between our countries and to creating a brighter future for both the people of Italy and the people of United States.

And with that, I just want to again thank you very much for coming to the White House. It is my great honor. Thank you.

Maybe we'll go with Saagar, please. Saagar Enjeti. Thank you. Daily Caller.

I'll always leave room for negotiation. But this has been many years; this isn't just Trump administration. We're new. This has been many years, even decades. We have immigration laws. We have border security. We have all sorts of things going on that are -- it's disgraceful. We are doing a phenomenal job. We're setting records. But we have laws that don't work. So we're working around those laws, and it's unfortunate.

I have to take my hat off to the Border Patrols, for the law enforcement, to ICE, which really has been maligned by the Democrats. The job they do -- they go into these MS-13 nests -- nests of bad, bad people -- killers, in many cases. And they go in there fearless, and they do an incredible job. And they get them out. They either go to jail or they get out of the country. So I want to just take my hat off to ICE and the brave people that have really been maligned by the Democrats.

We need border security. Without a border, as this gentleman can tell you also -- because the Prime Minister really was -- it was a very big factor in his win, and other people's win in Italy -- but it was a big factor in my win. We need border security. Border security includes the wall, but it includes many other things. We have to end the lottery. We have to end the chain. The chain is like a disaster. You bring one person in, and you end up with 32 people.

We have to end these horrible catch-and-release principles, where you catch somebody, you take their name, and you release them. You don't even know who they are. And then they're supposed to come back to a court case, where they want us to hire thousands of judges. The whole thing is ridiculous. And we have to change our laws, and we do that through Congress.

So I would certainly be willing to close it down to get it done. As you know, we are already approving things in various bills, including we're going to be taking care of the military. We always put the military and law enforcement very high. But I would be certainly willing to consider a shutdown if we don't get proper border security. Thank you. Please.

I have no red line, unlike President Obama. I just want great border security. Okay?

We also, just to add to that -- but I do want to thank you for what you just said, because it's been very unfair to the United States. We had a very good G7 meeting. That's where Giuseppe and I became friends. I think we were probably more closely aligned than anybody else in the room. But it was a great meeting. In every respect, I would say it was very good.

And NATO in particular -- I went to NATO, and NATO was essentially going out of business, because people weren't paying and it was going down, down, down. You just have to look at the line. I came along last year, and in a fairly nice tone, I said, you got to pay. And they paid $44 billion more. And this year, I said it in a little bit stronger tone, and they're paying hundreds of billions of dollars more over the years. And NATO will be strong again.

And if you speak to Secretary General Stoltenberg, I think he's the biggest fan of Trump, because he said, "We couldn't collect money until President Trump came along." And he said, "Last year, we collected $44 billion, and this year the money is pouring in."

But it's like the Prime Minister said: We really -- talk about imbalance -- we were treated very unfairly. The United States was treated very, very unfairly. Because we're shouldering anywhere from 70 to 90 percent of the cost of NATO. That's not fair.

It's not fair. Especially when you take Germany, and Germany is paying 1 percent -- a little more than 1 percent -- and they're buying and paying tremendous amounts of money to Russia. So we're supposed to protect countries from Russia, but they are paying Russia billions and billions of dollars for the energy. Not good. Not a good situation. And I let it be known.

So the bottom line is, the NATO countries are now paying a lot more money, and NATO has become a lot stronger because of it. And I appreciate your answer. Thank you. Please.

Well, I can answer. The biggest thing Italy needs is great leadership, and they have it right now. I really, honestly, believe the Prime Minister is going to do a tremendous job on economic development, in addition to borders. You know, for economic development, you need borders also. But you have a man that's going to do a terrific job. I have no doubt about it at all.

He knows how to sell. He knows how to promote, really, a great product, because they make among the greatest products. I won't mention their names, but they are great. I have some of them. And Italy makes great product, and I think it's going to do very well economically. And we're there to help. We have had record numbers.

I've been here for a little more than a year and a half, and we've had record numbers. We've had record -- we've had numbers that nobody believed possible, especially if you look at one particular fact that was not reported very much. Trade deficit -- $52 billion reduction in the trade deficit for the quarter. And I think probably Steve Mnuchin, Treasury, is here, and Mike Pompeo. I think nobody would have thought that would be possible so quickly. $52 billion reduction in the trade deficit for the quarter.

I think that Italy is going to be able to do the same thing. Slightly different numbers, but the same thing.

You're asking me what?

Well, that's up to them. I don't want to get involved in that.

Look, the European Union -- Jean-Claude and I had a fantastic meeting last week. We were having a hard time, and then I did mention tariffs on cars, and we got along very well. Very well. I think they're going to treat us very fairly, and we're going to treat them fairly. But as you know, it's been a one-way street. The European Union has totally taken advantage of the United States. We can't let that happen. Not fair to the United States.

And, by the way, Italy has a $31 billion surplus with the United States, meaning we have a $31 billion trade deficit with Italy. And we discussed that, and we'll work something out. We're going to work something out. Okay? Thank you.

I do think this: One of the biggest things that we've done -- obviously the massive tax cuts, but maybe equal too -- would be the tremendous cuts in regulation. And I know Italy well, and they have a lot of regulation, and I have no doubt that the Prime Minister, Giuseppe, will be working very hard on that.

But I think -- Giuseppe, I can say from our standpoint, one of the most important things we did was cutting massively these horrible regulations. And I believe so strongly in the environment. I want the cleanest air, the cleanest water, the cleanest everything -- the best everything. But you had 10 regulations for every point, in some cases. It was ridiculous. It would take many years to get a highway or a road approved. We have that way down. We have it down to two years, and it will hopefully be down to one. And it may get rejected. But at least it's going to go quickly.

So we want regulation, but it's got to be cut to a minimum and do the trick. And I think that Italy will follow suit. I know they've looked at it very strongly and they're going to follow suit. Okay? Thank you. Thank you very much.

Roberta Rampton of Reuters, please. Roberta? Hello, Roberta.

I'll meet with anybody. I believe in meeting. The Prime Minister said it better than anybody can say it: Speaking to other people, especially when you're talking about potentials of war and death and famine and lots of other things -- you meet. There's nothing wrong with meeting. We met, as you know, with Chairman Kim. And it -- you haven't had a missile fired off in nine months. We got our prisoners back. So many things have happened. So positive.

But meeting with people -- I had a great meeting, in my opinion. Of course, the fake news didn't cover it that way. But I had a great meeting with President Putin of Russia. I think it was a great meeting. In terms of the future, in terms of safety and economic development and protecting Israel and protecting everybody, I thought it was a great meeting.

Great meeting with NATO. I just explained NATO. I just explained NATO. Hundreds of billions of dollars more money will be paid into NATO, the coffers of NATO. And much already has.

So I believe in meeting. I would certainly meet with Iran if they wanted to meet. I don't know that they're ready yet. They're having a hard time right now.

But I ended the Iran deal; it was a ridiculous deal. I do believe that they will probably end up wanting to meet, and I'm ready to meet any time they want to. And I don't do that from strength or from weakness. I think it's an appropriate thing to do. If we could work something out that's meaningful, not the waste of paper that the other deal was, I would certainly be willing to meet.

No preconditions. No. If they want to meet, I'll meet. Anytime they want. Anytime they want. It's good for the country, good for them, good for us, and good for the world. No preconditions. If they want to meet, I'll meet.

Thank you very much. Sanctions on Russia will remain as is. As far as a pipeline is concerned, I'd like to see a competing pipeline. So, Mr. Prime Minister, I hope you're going to be able to do that competing pipeline.

And we are already talking to the European Union about building anywhere from 9 to 11 ports, which they will pay for, so that we can ship our LNG over to various parts of Europe. And that will be more competition. But the sanctions on Russia will remain as is. Okay, thank you very much everybody. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you very much.