Thank you. And I'm pleased to welcome President Nazarbayev who has done a tremendous job in Kazakhstan. And having you at the White House is an honor. Mr. President, thank you for visiting with us, and we have very important discussions going on.

For more than a quarter century, the United States has seen the strong, sovereign, and independent nation of Kazakhstan as a valued friend and a strategic partner in Central Asia. And we're honored, and we are truly honored to be the first country to recognize Kazakhstani independence on Christmas Day 1991. That's a long time ago, but not that long. You've made incredible strides.

Since that time, the United States and Kazakhstan have worked together to advance peace and security in the region and far beyond the region. Together, we dismantled Kazakhstan's nuclear weapons infrastructure and ensured a safer and healthier future for the children of Kazakhstan and for the world at large. We've pursued opportunities to increase investment in Kazakhstan and the energy sector in particular.

And today, our strategic partnership with Kazakhstan has advanced my South Asia strategy, which is working, and working far more rapidly than anybody would understand, and providing crucial support for our forces in Afghanistan and denying safe haven for terrorists. This cooperation has grown even stronger this month during Kazakhstan's presidency of the United Nations Security Council. And I will say, that's a great honor.

Today, the President and I have a series of discussions on how our relationship can further the safety, prosperity, and wellbeing of our people. Kazakhstan is a valued partner in our efforts to rid the Korean Peninsula of nuclear weapons. Together, we are determined to prevent the North Korean regime from threatening the world with nuclear devastation.

I also want to thank the President for his full support for our South Asia strategy, including our efforts in Afghanistan. I greatly appreciate the President's personal assurances that Kazakhstan will continue to provide critical logistical support and access for our troops fighting ISIS and the Taliban, where we have made tremendous strides.Donald Trump

We also appreciate Kazakhstan's work to train and educate Afghan civilian specialists, and I'm grateful for the President's pledge of additional support to bolster Afghan security. The United States seeks partners who are strong, prosperous, respectful of their neighbors, and in control of their own destinies.

I'm pleased that the President has shared his plan for Kazakhstan to become a top 30 global economy by 2015, and he's on his way -- very rapidly. He's also working to improve Kazakhstan's business environment, which will create new opportunities for American companies who are over there, and lots of jobs are being provided to both countries.

American businesses are currently among the largest investors in Kazakhstan. And tonight, the President will attend a roundtable with American business executives at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce to further advance our commercial ties. We also agree that fair and reciprocal -- such an important word, "reciprocal"" -- trade benefits both of our countries."

I greatly appreciate Kazakhstan's participation in our Central Asia Trade Forum and in our Central Asia Trade and Investment Framework Agreement. The President and I are working together to bring high-quality U.S. products and services to the Kazakhstani people -- so important. And it's really happening, and it's happening rapidly all across a range of industries, including commercial aircraft, railways, medical services, technology, and energy.

Working in common cause, we can advance greater opportunity for citizens in both of our countries. Mr. President, thank you for visiting the White House today. Our nations have a long history of cooperation to promote a safer, healthier, more prosperous, and brighter tomorrow. I look forward to seeing the great advances of the Kazakhstani people under your incredible leadership. And that's what it is, it's incredible leadership.

We want a strong, sovereign, and thriving future for Kazakhstan and for the peace-loving nations of the world -- all of them. Thank you very much. I very much appreciate it.

That's fantastic. Thank you very much. Thank you everybody.