Thank you very much. Thank you.

Today, I'm honored to host President Buhari of Nigeria at the White House, right here in the beautiful Rose Garden.

President Buhari, I want to thank you very much for traveling to Washington for these important discussions. It's a true pleasure to welcome you to our nation's capital.

Nigeria is the largest democracy in Africa. As I conveyed to President Buhari in our discussions, the United States deeply values and appreciates Nigeria's role as a strong democratic leader in the region.

The United States is currently working to expand trade and commercial ties with African nations, including Nigeria, to create jobs and wealth in all of our countries. We hope to be the economic partner of choice for nations across the continent and all around the world.

And you see what's happening with respect to trade and the United States. We are being respected again.

I hope all African countries and countries throughout the world, that we also will be supporting you and that they will, likewise, support us in our bid, along with Canada and Mexico, for the 2026 World Cup.

We will be watching very closely. And any help that they could give us in that bid, we would appreciate.

I'm pleased that Nigeria is one of our largest trading partners in the region, and we look forward to growing our trade relationship based on the principle of fairness and reciprocity.

But we give Nigeria well over $1 billion in aid every year. And we have already started talking with the president about taking down the trade barriers -- very substantial barriers to the United States trading with Nigeria. So we think that we are owed that.

President Buhari has also taken several steps to fight corruption and improve the Nigerian business climate. And, most of all, to me, yet again, is ripping down those trade barriers.

These measures will make it easier for Nigeria and the United States companies to invest, and we will be investing substantially in Nigeria if they can create that level playing field that we have to, very much, ask for and maybe demand.

I especially want to thank President Buhari for Nigeria's partnership and leadership in the fight against terrorism. He's been a real leader. Nigeria was one of the first African nations to join the Coalition to Defeat ISIS, and Nigerian forces are currently leading regional efforts against ISIS in West Africa. And doing very well, as we have.

Nigeria is also leading African nations in the fight against Boko Haram and -- another ruthless jihadist terrorist group. They -- we've been reading about them. They kidnapped the young girls and young women, many of whom never are seen again. It's tough stuff.

This summer, it was my honor to meet with two brave young women, Joy Bishara and Lydia Pogu, who were kidnapped by Boko Haram in April of 2014 at the secondary school in Nigeria.

I was deeply moved by their inspiring stories of courage, resilience and survival. They really were two amazing young women. I told Joy and Lydia, my administration is committed to combating both jihadist terrorism and the scourge of human trafficking and smuggling.

In the world today, there is more human trafficking than there has ever been, if you can believe this. They use the internet better than almost anybody is able to use the internet. So think of it: In a modern world, in this world, there's more human trafficking and slavery than at any time in the history of this world. It's hard to believe.

To protect Americans from these menaces, I have called on Congress to close deadly immigration loopholes that are exploited by terrorists, traffickers and criminals.

Just look at our southern border and our weak and obsolete immigration laws. They are obsolete and they are weak and they are pathetic. And there's no country in the world that has laws like we do. They've got to change and they've got to change now for the safety of our country.

We're also helping our Nigerian partners by facilitating intelligence cooperation and providing training and military equipment to Nigerian forces.

For example, we recently sold Nigeria 12 U.S. A-29 Super Cutano aircraft -- it's a great aircraft -- in the first ever sale of American military equipment to Nigeria. These new aircraft will improve Nigeria's ability to target terrorists and protect civilians.

Finally, we're deeply concerned by religious violence in Nigeria, including the burning of churches and the killing and persecution of Christians. It's a horrible story.

We encourage Nigeria and the federal, state and local leaders to do everything in their power to immediately secure the affected communities and to protect innocent civilians of all faiths, including Muslims and including Christians.

Mr. President, thank you again for visiting the White House and being with us today. Nigeria is a valued partner and a good friend. I look forward to working closely with you to deepen our cooperation and forge an even closer partnership. The United States is committed to working alongside Nigeria as we seek a future of strength, prosperity and peace for both of our countries.

Mr. President, thank you very much. Thank you.

Thank you, Mr. President. Thank you very much. Thank you, sir. Steve Miller of the Washington Times, please, Washington Times. Thank you, Steve.

I don't think it would, number one. And there's no reason to apologize. Our immigration laws in this country are a total disaster. They're laughed at all over the world. They're laughed at for their stupidity. And we have to have strong immigration laws.

So I think if I apologize, it wouldn't make 10 cents worth of difference to them. There's nothing to apologize for. We have to have strong immigration laws to protect our country. And looking to the future, the caravan has arrived at the U.S. border.

We've been watching it. We've been watching it.

Well, I won't get into percentages. But we are a nation of laws. We have to have borders. We don't have borders, we don't have a country. And I've been watching for weeks as the caravan came up. And, you know, the Mexican laws are very tough on immigration, extremely tough.

And it started out with way over a thousand people. I guess now it's down to about a hundred going all through Mexico. People don't realize what a big country Mexico is. But it came down by a lot.

And now we're working on the border with the worst laws any country -- no matter where you go, all over the world, they can't even believe it. And we're doing the best we can with it.

But we have to have changes in Congress, and we have to have it quickly.

We need a wall, number one. And you see that right now, you know, where they are, even though it's not a particularly good wall, and even though a small percentage can climb to the top, they have to be in extremely good shape. But a small percentage can climb that particular wall. We have a wall that's much more difficult.

But if you didn't have that, you'd have thousands of people just pouring into our country. You got to have a wall. And we need border security. And we will have border security.

But if you didn't have that, you'd have thousands of people just pouring into our country. You got to have a wall. And we need border security. And we will have border security.

Well, we more and more are -- because it's a very fair question. We more and more are not wanting to be the policemen of the world. And we're spending tremendous amounts of money for decades on policing the world and that shouldn't be our priority. We want to police ourselves, and we want to rebuild our country.

And the president understands that. And they've come a long way. They're doing a great job. We're contributing to that job, but they have done a great job. What we do want to do, though, is open Nigeria and other countries up to trade, because we have spent over the last decade a number that's so large, you wouldn't even believe it.

And I think we'll be treated in a reciprocal fashion now, as of today. So I think that's going to happen. And I have great respect for the president.

OK? How about Jordan Fabian? Where's Jordan? Jordan, The Hill?

Thank you.

No. I think it sends the right message. You know, in seven years that deal will have expired, and Iran is free to go ahead and create nuclear weapons. That's not acceptable. Seven years is tomorrow. That's not acceptable.

So, no. If anything, it's proven right. What Israel has done today, with the news conference and -- Prime Minister Netanyahu just gave a very -- I don't know if everybody's seen it, but I got to see a little bit of it.

And that is just not an acceptable situation. And I've been saying that's happening. They're not sitting back idly. They're setting off missiles which they say are for television purposes. I don't think so.

So we'll see what happens. I -- I'm not telling you what I'm doing, but a lot of people think they know. And on or before the 12th, we'll make a decision. That doesn't mean we won't negotiate a real agreement. You know, this is an agreement that wasn't approved by too many people. And it's a horrible agreement for the United States.

Including the fact, Mr. President, that we gave Iran $150 billion and $1.8 billion in cash -- Nigeria would like some of that -- $1.8 billion in cash and $150 billion. You know what we got? We got nothing. We got nothing.

So that doesn't mean I wouldn't negotiate a new agreement. We'll see what happens. But I think if anything, what's happening today and what's happened over the last little while and what we've learned has really shown that I've been 100 percent right.

We didn't discuss it. And you do have some countries that are in very bad shape and very tough places to live in. But we didn't discuss it because the president knows me, and he knows where I'm coming from. And I appreciate that. We did not discuss it. Mr. President, you can ask a question.

Well, I would like to visit Nigeria. I'd like very much to visit Nigeria. It's a -- it's an amazing country. And in -- in certain ways, I hear, from the standpoint of the beauty of a country, there's no country more beautiful. So I would like to.

And the first part of your question, I couldn't hear what you were saying. Go ahead.

Oh, helicopters. Oh.

We love helicopters. He likes them more than I do. He likes buying helicopters. But he is -- and they're buying a lot of helicopters. Helicopters...

Very soon.

Yes, very soon. We're getting it approved. Part of the problem was that you weren't allowed to buy helicopters in our country and now you are. I worked that out so that now you can buy the helicopters that you want.

They weren't allowed to buy the helicopters in our country for various reasons which, frankly, were not good reasons. But now, they get them and they get them very quickly. And they are the best helicopters anywhere in the world. We make the best military equipment in the world. And our friends can now buy that equipment. Mr. President?

Did you have a question for the president?

Thank you.

Yes. We have actually discussed all of those topics at length over the last period of time. And in terms of corruption, Nigeria has a reputation, as you understand very well, for very massive corruption. I also know that the president has been able to cut that down very substantially. We talked about it. He is working on it and they have made a lot of progress. And I think they will continue to make a lot of progress.

We have a lot of people in this country -- and, frankly, the country itself -- that invests in Nigeria. So cutting down on that corruption element and a corrupt element is very important to us. And the president will be able to do that.

President?

I think maybe more than anything else what we discussed today was our agricultural products going into Nigeria, which Nigeria wants but we have certain barriers that don't allow that to happen.

So for the good of our farmers, U.S. farmers, and for the good of Nigeria and all of Africa, it's very important that we are able to sell our great agricultural products into Nigeria. And that will happen and we're going to be working on that right away. OK? Thank you all very much. Thank you, everybody. Thank you.

It's possible. It's very possible.

Well, it was an interesting thought. And I had that thought. We're looking at various countries, including Singapore. And we are also talking about the possibility of the DMZ Peace House/Freedom House.

And there's something that I thought was intriguing. I think that some people maybe don't like the look of that and some people like it very much. I threw it out today as an idea.

I also told President Moon, and through President Moon we connected with North Korea.

There's something that I like about it, because you're there -- you're actually there. Where if things work out, there's a great celebration to be had on the site, not in a third-party country. So we are looking at the possibility of doing it in that location. We're also looking at various other countries, including Singapore.

I will say this: The good news -- everybody wants us. It has the chance to be a big event. And the United States -- I was talking to John Bolton about this a little while ago. The United States has never been closer to potentially having something happen with respect to the Korean Peninsula that can get rid of the nuclear weapons, can create so many good things, so many positive things, and peace and safety for the world.

So we'll see what happens. You know, I often say, "Who knows?"" Who knows? Maybe a lot of things change. But Kim Jong-un

So we are looking at that as a potential site, yes. I think it would be very interesting. I think it would be a great celebration if it works out well. And if it doesn't work out well, that's the way it goes.

Oh, yeah, I think the summit's going to happen. They very much want it. We certainly would like to see it. I think the summit will happen. And personally, I think it's going to be a success, but we'll see. I will say this: If it's not a success, if it's not a success...

Got to get rid of the nuclear weapons. If it's not a success, I will respectfully leave. It's very simple. Thank you all very much. Thank you.