Thank you very much. Please, sit down. Today, I'm very honored to host the President of Poland, a friend of mine, President Duda, and Mrs. Duda. Thank you very much for being here. Great honor.

It's lovely to have you at the White House. We spent some time in the Oval Office, and we accomplished a lot. Melania and I are deeply grateful for the incredible welcome the President and Mrs. Duda gave us in Warsaw, Poland last year. It was a very exceptional day. Extraordinary. It's wonderful to have them both with us in Washington today. Thank you very much, Mr. President.

During my visit last summer, I had the privilege to stand before the monument to the Warsaw Uprising and address the people of Poland about our shared commitment to defending our heritage and our civilization. It was an experience I will always treasure and I will never, ever forget.

Not far from where we stand today, another monument in another square -- the statue of General Kosciuszko in Lafayette Park -- reminds us that the bonds between our people go all the way back to America's Revolutionary War.

This year, the United States and Poland are celebrating 100 years of Poland regaining its independence and nearly 100 years of U.S.-Polish diplomatic ties. It's a long time. I'm thrilled to say that the alliance between our nations has never been stronger with you and I at the helm. Do you agree with that?

Thank you, Mr. President. I'm glad he said yes.

In our discussions this afternoon, President Duda and I agreed to bolster our robust defense ties. We will enhance cooperation in military relations, intelligence, missile defense, technology and training.

I'm proud to report that Poland has recently purchased a state-of-the-art Patriot missile system -- which is a great system. We make the greatest military equipment by far, anywhere in the world. And it's made right here in the USA.

We are grateful for Poland's leadership on defense spending and burden sharing in NATO. I want to commend Poland for meeting its NATO defense-spending obligations, and I am glad that it plans to increase spending beyond the 2 percent minimum obligation. Thank you very much for that.

I'd like to share my gratitude to the people of Poland for their contributions to NATO's Resolute Support Mission in Afghanistan and the coalition to defeat ISIS. We've made tremendous progress with respect to the defeat of ISIS, as you've seen.

We also understand that you can't have national security without border security. Both Poland and the United States understand that strong nations must have very strong borders.

The President and I likewise are exploring opportunities to advance energy security. The United States and Poland are deeply committed to energy diversity all across Europe. No nation should be dependent upon a single foreign supplier of energy.

Poland has worked tirelessly to increase energy independence nationally and across Central Europe. It is constructing a new pipeline -- the highest technology -- from Norway to Poland, and it recently built a liquefied natural gas import facility. Last year, the United States was proud to send its first export of LNG to Poland, and soon, our nations will launch a high-level diplomatic exchange on energy security.

And, Mr. President, we are now, as of a few months ago, the largest producer of energy in the world. So that was -- that's a big statement.

President Duda, I also just want to talk to you about the Three Seas Summit, where Central European leaders were working hard to increase energy market access, reduce energy trade barriers -- which is something we have to get done with respect to the European Union; the trade barriers, they make it very difficult for the United States -- and to strengthen energy independence. The United States firmly supports these goals, and we are eager to expand commercial ties all across the region of Europe.

In our meeting today, the President and I discussed our bilateral economic relationship at length. Poland has experienced more than a quarter century of uninterrupted economic growth -- which is a very big statement; very few can say that. And we look forward to further enhancing trade, investment, and commerce between our two great nations.

My administration is committed to realizing a future of prosperity and opportunity for all Americans. This month, we celebrated the highest employment level in U.S. history. We are right now employing more people. We have more workers in the United States than at any time ever in U.S. history. I look forward to partnering with President Duda as we grow our economies together.

Mr. President, thank you for joining me today. Poland has chosen its place among the free and independent nations of the world and as a loyal ally and strategic partner of the United States. And we greatly appreciate that.

We welcome the next 100 years of friendship between our two nations. Mr. President, thank you very much. Thank you.

Thank you. A tremendous amount of LNG will be exported to Poland. We're giving them a pretty good price, but they're buying a lot of it, and that's going to be great.

I do want to say that, while we're together, tremendous effort and bravery is being shown in North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia, and the area that was so horribly hit by Hurricane Florence. I just got some clips of some of the things that the Coast Guard is doing and getting people to safety in horrible, horrible conditions.

And I want to just salute all of the people that are working so hard: the first responders, law enforcement, the military, FEMA. The job they're doing is incredible. It's incredible. So I just want to thank them very much.

And I think what we'll do is we'll take our first question from Emerald Robinson of One America News. Emerald?

Well, I just heard about the incident you have mentioned, Emerald, and it sounds to me and it seems to me, just like based on a review of the facts, that Syria shot down a Russian plane. And I understand about 14 people were killed, at least. And that's a very sad thing. But that's what happens. But Syria -- according to early reports; that's subject to change -- but that Syria shot down a Russian plane. So that's not a good situation.

We have done a tremendous job in Syria and in that region eradicating ISIS, which is why we're there. And we're very close to being finished with that job, and then we're going to make a determination as to what we're going to do. But we have eradicated ISIS in a very large area of the Middle East. These are people that will not be coming here because they're not around any longer. So we've done in a very short period of time.

Our Vice President is here, Mike Pence. Our great Secretary of State -- really, thank you very much for the great job you're doing -- Mike Pompeo. And we've been working very hard on this. And they've done an incredible job over there, but we'll make a decision fairly quickly.

Thank you very much. Would you have a question for the President?

And I think it should be pointed out that the President also said, and he also said it publicly, that he would pay the United States -- meaning Poland would be paying billions of dollars for a base. And we're looking at that more and more from the standpoint of defending really wealthy countries and not being reimbursed, paid.

It's one thing when we defend countries that can't defend themselves and their great people. And we should help them; we don't expect anything for that. But when we're defending immensely wealthy countries and they're not paying for the defense to the United States, they're only taking advantage of us. And we are in discussions with numerous countries, all of whom you know, about payment. Payment. And we get along with them very well, but it's not fair. That includes NATO.

As you know, I got $44 billion additional last year, where they paid an additional -- you can speak to Secretary General Stoltenberg, who is the head of NATO, and he said he's never seen anything like it. And this year we did even better.

But when a country is very wealthy, and when the United States has been protecting them for many years at tremendous cost -- cost like nobody in this room would believe -- it's time that they help with, we call it, "burden sharing." And they will do that.

But the President offered us much more than $2 billion to do this, and so we're looking at it. We're looking at it from the standpoint of, number one, military protection for both countries, and also cost -- a term you don't hear too often and you haven't heard too often over the last 25 years. But that's the way it has to be. Thank you very much. Would you like to have a question, please?

I do. I actually do. I think it's a very aggressive situation. I think Russia has acted aggressively. They respect force. They respect strength, as anyone does. And we have the greatest strength in the world -- especially now. We were being depleted under the last administration. We had planes that were old and tired, and didn't fly, in some cases. They were getting used parts. This is the United States; it doesn't happen. We make the greatest planes in the world, and missiles in the world.

And we have enhanced, to put it mildly, our military. It's literally being rebuilt, as we speak, with literally hundreds and hundreds of planes and missiles, and everything that you can imagine. They never had it so good because I got, in Congress, $700 billion this year; $716 billion last year. That's far more than they ever anticipated.

I viewed it two ways. Number one, military -- because it's always more important than anything else, including jobs. But number two is jobs. We make everything here. So it's hundreds of thousands of jobs to make for us the best military in the world. And Russia respects that. They respect that.

So I am with the President. I feel that he's right. And I feel that, look, you look at the history of Poland and Russia -- that's a long and very complicated history. So certainly has a right to feel that way. Okay?

Jon Decker of Fox, please.

It wouldn't bother me, other than the FBI, Jon, said that they really don't do that; that's not what they do. Now, they have done, supposedly, six background checks over the years, as Judge Kavanaugh has gone beautifully up a ladder. He's an incredible individual. Great intellect, great judge. Impeccable history in every way -- in every way.

I feel so badly for him that he's going through this, to be honest with you. I feel so badly for him. This is not a man that deserves this. This should have been brought to the fore. It should have been brought up long ago. And that's what you have hearings for. You don't wait until the hearing is over and then, all of a sudden, bring it up.

When Senator Feinstein sat with Judge Kavanaugh for a long period of time -- a long, long meeting -- she had this letter. Why didn't she bring it up? Why didn't she bring it up then? Why didn't the Democrats bring it up then? Because they obstruct and because they resist. That's the name of their campaign against me. They just resist and they just obstruct. And, frankly, I think they're lousy on policy, and in many ways, they're lousy politicians. But they're very good on obstruction. And it's shame, because this is a great gentleman.

With all of that, I feel that the Republicans -- and I can speak for myself -- we should go through a process, because there shouldn't even be a little doubt. There shouldn't be a doubt. Again, they knew what they were doing. They should have done this a long time ago -- three months ago -- not now. But they did it now. So I don't want to play into their hands.

Hopefully, the woman will come forward, state her case. He will state his case before representatives of the United States Senate. And then they will vote. They will look at his career. They will look at what she had to say from 36 years ago. And we will see what happens.

But I just think he is at a level that we rarely see not only in government, anywhere in life. And honestly, I feel terribly for him, for his wife, who is an incredible, lovely woman, and for his beautiful young daughters. I feel terribly for them.

Well, we just started. We didn't do anything with respect to China because we wanted to have the benefit of China having to do with North Korea. And they have been helpful. I hope they're still helpful; there's a question about that. But it got to a point where the numbers were too big. This should have been done for the last 20 years.

If you look at the WTO, the World Trade Organization, that's when China really happened, economically. That's -- it was like a rocket ship, because they took advantage of the rules of the WTO. And whoever was standing at this podium in this incredible White House, in the Oval Office, they should have done something about this long ago.

Over the last number of years, China has taken out of this country $500 billion and more -- a year. $500 billion. That would go a long way for Poland, wouldn't it? You could rebuild your whole country. And that's what China did. They rebuilt their country with tremendous amounts of money pouring out of the United States. And I've changed that around. And if you look at what's going on, our market is going up like a rocket ship. I don't want their market to go down, but their market is down 32 percent in three months. Because we can't let them do anymore what they've done.

And I watch trade deficits, because to me, deficits are very important. They're not everything, and they're not exact. Sometimes you can have, you know, a deficit, and that's not such a bad thing. But when you have $375 billion in trade deficits, and then many billions of dollars in other liabilities of all different types, you have to do something about it.

We are the piggybank to the world. We have been ripped off by China. We've been ripped off by -- excuse me, Mr. President -- the European Union, of which you're a part of.  We've been ripped off by everybody. And I want to protect the American worker, the American farmer, the ranchers, the companies. And we're not being ripped off, you will see, in a little while.

Speaking of that, we've come to a conclusion with Mexico. We have a wonderful deal for both parties. It was a very one-sided deal. Now it's a good deal for both parties. Very happy with it.

The new President had conversation and it was terrific. I think we're going to have a very good relationship. We'll see. We'll see. We want help on the border because we have the worst immigration laws in the history of mankind or womankind. We have horrible, horrible immigration laws, so we want help.

But we've come to a conclusion with Mexico. Canada has taken advantage of our country for a long time. We love Canada. We love it. Love the people of Canada. But they are in a position that's not a good position for Canada. They cannot continue to charge us 300 percent tariff on dairy products, and that's what they're doing.

So this is a process. It takes a little time. The European Union wouldn't talk to us. They wouldn't talk to President Obama. Wouldn't even talk to him. And then I said, "That's okay, you don't have to talk to me." Jean-Claude is a tough man. He's a very good man. I like him, but he's tough. He's nasty.  The kind of guy I want negotiating for me. But he's a tough, tough cookie. And I said to him, "We have to renegotiate the deal." He said, "But, Mr. President, we are very happy with the deal. We don't want to negotiate." I said, "You may be happy with the deal, but I'm not happy with the deal.

And he didn't want to renegotiate. And after three times, he still didn't want to renegotiate. I said, "That's okay, we don't have to renegotiate any longer. We're going to put a tariff on all of the millions of cars you send into the United States." And honestly, he was in my office so quickly, from Europe, that I didn't know they had airplanes that flew that fast. I said, "Where did you find this plane?"

And we have the semblance of a deal. Because it's, to a large extent, economically all about cars. Cars are a very big factor. And they send millions of BMWs and Mercedes into our country.

So we are working on trade very hard. It's very important to me. It has been for 30 years. I've been saying for 30 years. It started with Japan. I talked about Japan; I was right. I talked about China; I was right. It's what I do. And I like doing it.

But I like doing it for the people because our country has been abused and taken advantage of by virtually every country that it does business with. And we're just not letting that happen anymore. And that includes what I said previously about the military. Please.

The trade deal with South Korea has been fully renegotiated and is ready for signature. We may sign it at the United Nations or shortly thereafter. That was a terrible deal for the United States. Now it's a fair deal. But that's been fully renegotiated, in addition to Mexico and some of the others that are very close. Thank you very much, everybody. We appreciate it. Thank you.