Thank you very much. Today, I'm honored to welcome Chancellor Angela Merkel back to the White House. Over the past year, I have enjoyed getting to know the chancellor very well through many productive calls, discussions and meetings. We have a great relationship.

Chancellor, I want to congratulate you once again on your election victory -- fourth term in office. It's really something. Congratulations.

We're also pleased to have our newly-confirmed United States ambassador to Germany, Richard Grenell, an outstanding man, and he's with us today. And Richard, congratulations. Do a great job, and I know you will. Thank you.

This confirmation was long overdue. We've been waiting a long time for Richard to get his clearance, and he got it, and it's going to be special. But we have a lot of people that are waiting approval, and the Democrats have been treating us extremely unfairly, and they're going to have to move it along.

For decades, the alliance and friendship between Germany and the United States has advanced the cause of peace, prosperity and freedom. Today, our nations face a wide array of shared challenges and opportunities, and I am confident that we will meet them together with the same strength and resolve that has always defined the United States-German friendship.

This afternoon, I want to congratulate the Republic of Korea on its historic summit with North Korea, and we're encouraged by President Moon and Kim Jong-un's expressed goal of complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula. I will be meeting with Kim Jong-un in the coming weeks. We look forward to that, and hopefully, it will be productive.

I want to thank Chancellor Merkel for her leadership in our campaign of maximum pressure on the North Korean regime, which has helped us to reach this important step, this moment where we are right now. It's taken a long time, many, many decades to get here. Let's see what happens.

We seek a future peace, prosperity, and harmony for the whole Korean Peninsula unlocking, not only a brighter future for the people of Korea, but for the people of the world. However, in pursuit of that goal, we will not repeat the mistake of past administrations. Maximum pressure will continue until denuclearization occurs. I look forward to our meeting. It should be quite something.

In our meetings today, the Chancellor and I discussed Iran, the Iranian regime that fuels violence, bloodshed and chaos all across the Middle East. We must ensure that this murderous regime does not even get close to a nuclear weapon, and that Iran ends its proliferation of dangerous missiles, and its support for terrorism. No matter where you go in the Middle East, wherever there's a problem, Iran is right there.

As we eradicate what little remains of ISIS and Syria, we must also ensure that Iran does not profit from our success. To prevent this outcome, it is essential that our coalition and regional partners step up their financial and military contributions to the anti-ISIS efforts. Some of these countries are immensely wealthy; and they're going to start paying for it, and paying for this tremendous help that we've given them.

The chancellor and I also had a productive discussion about the security of Europe and the responsibility of European nations to properly contribute to their own defense. We addressed the need to strengthen NATO and the NATO alliance by ensuring that all member states honor their commitment to spend two percent, and hopefully much more, of GDP on defense. It is essential that our NATO allies increase their financial contributions so that everyone is paying their fair share.

We look forward to seeing further progress towards improved burden sharing, and a lot of people have stepped up, a lot of countries have stepped up and they're going to have to continue to do so. A tremendous amount of additional money has been raised for NATO over the past 16 months and I'm proud to have helped, but they have to keep going.

In this age of international crime, smuggling, terrorism and trafficking, it is also essential that we have strong border security and immigration control. This is fundamental to national defense.

Also vital to our security, and that of our allies, is America's ability to maintain a strong and robust manufacturing base, which we really are doing in the United States. We have additional steel plants opening. Steel plants are expanding. Aluminum is doing great. A lot of things are happening that were never going to happen before.

That's why we must have a fair and reciprocal trading relationship with our friends and partners. We have a trade deficit in goods with the European Union of approximately, hard to believe, $151 billion a year, including a $50 billion annual trade deficit in autos and auto parts. I'm committed to working with Chancellor Merkel to reduce barriers for United States exports to remedy these trade imbalances and deepen our economic ties.

We also welcome the chancellor's partnership in promoting major reforms to international organizations, like the World Trade Organization which has not treated the United States well, to protect sovereignty and ensure fairness. The close cooperation across multiple fronts, military, intelligence, economic, academic, is critical to the defense of our civilization as we know it. And the close friendship between the German and American people enriches the lives of millions and millions of our citizens.

Chancellor, thank you again for visiting the White House. It's an honor to have you. Our alliance is strong and thriving. And together, we will overcome shared obstacles, seize upon shared opportunities, and build an incredible for our country and our people. Thank you very much. Thank you. Chancellor, thank you very much.

Thank you very much, Angela. We'll take some questions. Blake Berman, yes? Blake?

I don't want to comment on that.

But we have a very good working relationship. We're setting up a meeting, things have changed very radically from a few months ago. You know the name calling and a lot of other things. We -- we get a kick every once in a while out of the fact that I'll be watching people that failed so badly over the last 25 years explaining to me how to make a deal with North Korea.

I get a big, big kick out of that. But we are doing very well. I think that something very dramatic could happen. They're treating us with great respect, and you know what's going on with South Korea, and I think President Moon of South Korea was very generous in saying that we helped make the Olympics a great success because of the fact that, as you know, there was a tremendous animosity. There was a tremendous problem going on, and all of a sudden, people started buying tickets because -- whole different feeling when North said, We'd love to go to the Olympics.

So a lot of good things are happening with respect to North Korea. President Obama told me when I had the one meeting with him, he said, That's your biggest problem. That's going to be the most difficult thing you have. And honestly, I wish it was handled earlier. I wish it were handled by another administration years ago. I'm not just talking about President Obama. I go back to any administration you want. But over the last 25 years, this should have been handled a long time ago, not now. This should not have been left for me to handle.

But we will handle it. We're handling it well, and hopefully there'll be peace for North Korea, South Korea, Germany -- I mean, everything is included -- Japan. The chancellor's been very helpful in the maximum pressure campaign, as I said -- really very helpful. So have many other nations. President Xi of China has been really good at the border. Everyone's surprised at how tight he clamped down. Everyone said that he'd just talk about it, he wouldn't do it. Well, he did it, and he did it out of a relationship that we have, and also, out of the fact that we're negotiating trade deals, and I think that's also very important to him. Hopefully, we'll come up with something that's good for both countries.

So I think some very good things can happen with respect to North Korea. We're setting up meetings now. We're down to two countries, as to a site, and we'll let you know what that site is. Do you have a question for the chancellor?

I think I have a responsibility. I think other presidents should have done it. I think the responsibility has fallen on the shoulders of the president of the United States, and I think we have -- I think I have a responsibility to see if I can do it. And if I can't do it, it'll be a very tough time for a lot of countries, and a lot of people. It's certainly something that I hope I can do for the world.

This is beyond the United States. This is a world problem, and it's something that I hope I'm able to do for the world. OK? Please.

Good question.

I don't talk about whether or not I'd use military force. That's not appropriate to be talking about. But, I can tell you this, they will not be doing nuclear weapons; that, I can tell you. OK? They're not going to be doing nuclear weapons, you can bank on it. OK. Please.

, please? CBN.

Ronny Jackson, Admiral, doctor, is one of the finest men that I've met over the last long period of time, high-quality. High-quality family, I just met them and I explained what happened. I explained that Washington can be a very mean place. You don't know about that, Chancellor.

A nasty place. The false accusations that were made about him by Senator Tester --from a great state, I don't think that state is going to put up with it. These were false accusations about a great man; about a man who has a son who's a top student at Annapolis; about a man that's given his life to this country, and to the military -- a brave man. He would have been a great leader. To say the kind of things that he said...

He had President Obama giving him an A+ report. You had President Bush giving him an A+ report. You have President Trump giving him an A+ report. And to make statements of things that most people said never happened, never even happened, calling him names was, to me, a disgrace, an absolute disgrace. And I think it's something we learn from.

I called him today. I said, In a certain way, you're an -- in a very big way, you're an American hero, because you've exposed the system for some horrible things. I've had it happened to me, with the Russian collusion hoax. It's a hoax.

But I came into the job understanding that things happen. He didn't. He's a great doctor. He's a great admiral. He didn't really think a thing like this could happen. And I think it's a disgrace, so...

I just want to comment on that, and actually, I'm glad you asked the question. I think this man has been treated -- He's an American hero, and I think he's been treated very unfairly, OK?

I have many people that want the position, if you can believe it. With all of this being said, we have some excellent people, some very political people; some people that a thing like that wouldn't happen, or if it did happen, I guess they'll handle it somewhat differently.

But we have many people that want that job. We're very proud of the job we've done for the veterans. The veterans have been -- We've gotten accountability approved, which is something that for years -- for years, they've been trying to get, as you know. They couldn't get it approved. We got accountability, so that when somebody treats our veterans badly, we can fire them so fast -- almost as fast as they fire people in Germany. We'll get rid of them.

And I will tell you, we're getting choice. We're putting choice in very, very strongly. We have tremendous support in the Senate for that. But I do, I have a lot of people that want the job. We're getting -- We're doing a great job over there in -- for the vets, and you know, that was one of the things that, to me, was the most important. We had tremendous support from the vets. We're getting great reports.

But getting a thing such as accountability done. We'll be, soon, getting choice done, meaning if a veteran stands on line and can't get to a doctor for various reasons, they're going to a private doctor, and this country is going to pay. They're not going to wait nine weeks on line for a cure to something that could have been very easy to cure, and then they end up dying from it.

So we're going to -- we're -- I'm very proud of what we've done, and I will tell you, your new head of the V.A. is going to be very exceptional. We have some exceptional people that want to do the job, OK?

So they came to me -- This is a little bit about government. Somebody said, Could I tell this story? And they came to me with a proposal for a $1 billion embassy in Jerusalem, and the papers -- Mike Pence can tell you -- the papers were put before me to sign an application for more than $1 billion to build an embassy. I said, What are you talking about, $1 billion? You know, most embassies are like a single story. And they said, Yes, sir. It's $1 billion. And I had my name half-signed, then I noticed the figure, and I just didn't -- I never got to the word Trump. I had Donald signed, but I never got to the word Trump.

And I called my ambassador, who's a great lawyer. Most people in business know David Friedman. He's the ambassador to Israel, and loves Israel. Loves our country, loves Israel, too. And I said, What's this $1 billion? He said, I can build it for $150,000. I said, What? He said, I can build it for $150,000, the embassy. We have a building. We have the site. We already own the site. We own the building. I can take a corner of the building, and for $150,000, we can fix it up, make it beautiful, open our embassy. Instead of in 10 years from now, we can open it up in three months. And that's what we did.

But I said, David, let's not go from $1 billion to $150,000. Let's go to $3-, $400,000. And that's what we did. We -- we're take a piece of the building. It's going to be beautiful, and it'll be somewhat temporary, but it could be for many years, because by the time they build it the other way, it's going to be many, many years. They were looking for sites. We already have a site, and we have a great site. The site's better than anything you could imagine.

But that's the way government works. They were going to spend $1 billion, and we're going to spend much less than a half a million. Could have done it for much less than that, but I said, Let's make it really nice. So that's what it is.

I may go -- very proud of it. Jerusalem has been a subject that's been promised for many years, as you know, the embassy in Jerusalem. It's been promised for many, many years by presidents. They all made campaign promises, and they never had the courage to carry it out. I carried it out.

So I may go. It's getting ready to open, and I do want to tell that story though, because there are a couple of people that got to see it, including Mike, but others, where literally, they were going to spend a billion dollars, and we're spending a tiny, tiny fraction of that, in the hundreds of thousands of dollars instead. And it will be very nice. Maybe it'll be nicer than a billion-dollar building, OK? For the chancellor, please?

Thank you, Chancellor. We need a reciprocal relationship, which we don't have. The United States right now has a trade deficit with the European Union of $151 billion. And the chancellor and I have discussed it today at length and we're working on it. And we want to make it more fair and the chancellor wants to make it more fair.

Same thing with NATO, we have a far greater burden than we should have. Other countries should be paying more. And I'm not saying Germany alone; other countries should be paying more. We're protecting Europe and, yet, we pay, by far, more than anybody else. And NATO is wonderful but it helps Europe more than it helps us. And why are we paying the vast majority of the costs.

So we're working on those things, it's been unfair. And I don't blame the chancellor and I don't Germany, I don't even blame the European Union; I blame the people that preceded me for allowing this to happen.

There's no way we should have a trade deficit of $151 billion. So we're going to make it reciprocal. We're going to make it a much more fair situation and I think, in the end, ever body's going to be very happy.

I think both countries -- I view this as many countries, but looking at it as one block -- will -- will really benefit. There's tremendous, tremendous potential between the European Union and the United States and I think that's going to happen.

There's also tremendous benefit to NATO when people pay what they have to be paying. Some counties actually pay more than they're supposed to. They think the United States is -- I've been told by numerous country -- Poland being one.

Poland is great. I mean, they pay actually a little bit more than they're supposed to be paying or have to pay because they feel the United States is more than carrying the load. And, perhaps, they feel it's not fair. But it's something we very much appreciate.

But I believe that -- you know, when I look at the numbers in Germany -- and some other countries, they may not like Donald Trump but you have to understand, that means I'm doing a good job because I'm representing the United States.

Angela is representing Germany; she's doing a fantastic job. My predecessors did not do a very good job. But we'll try and catch you, OK? We'll try. We're going to -- we're going to have a reciprocal relationship and it's going to be something that benefits all of us, OK?

Thank you very much everybody. Thank you. Thank you. Angela, thank you very much.