Thank you very much. Thank you. Today, I'm honored to welcome my friend, Prime Minister Turnbull of Australia and Mrs. Turnbull. Thank you very much. It's great honor.

We're looking forward to sending our newly nominated ambassador, Admiral Harry Harris, to very shortly. He's an outstanding man. You're going to find that he is a great man.

I want to thank the prime minister for offering his condolences on the horrible tragedy in Parkland, Florida. Americans are grateful for the prayers and support of our Australian friends, and friends they are, as our entire nation grieves the senseless loss of 17 precious lives and all the horribly injured.

The United States and Australia are currently honoring 100 years of mateship, a term that you used very beautifully, Mr. Prime Minister.

A century has passed since brave Americans and Australians first fought together in World War I. Over the last 100 years, our partnership has thrived as a bulwark of freedom, security and democracy. Last spring, the prime minister and I celebrated the remarkable 100-year milestone during an extraordinary evening on the USS Intrepid.

And my friend, Greg Norman and Anthony Pratt and some of the others in the room today, they were -- hello, folks. Stand up, Greg. Stand up, Anthony. Where is Anthony? Good. It was a great evening. Thank you.

This afternoon, I'm pleased to announce that the United States will named the Littoral Combat Ship 30 the USS Canberra in honor of Australian crews lost fighting alongside the U.S. Navy during World War II. Our secretary of the navy has chosen Australian Minister of Defense Marise Payne to be her sponsor.

I know that the USS Canberra will be a worthy successor to both her Australian namesake and her American predecessor, the former Navy Baltimore class heavy cruiser, USS Canberra. As she sails the open sea, the new USS Canberra will symbolize to all who cross her path the enduring friendship between the United States and Australia. There is no closer friendship.

Today, strengthened by our common values and history, we're working together to promote our mutual interests. I want to thank the prime minister for serving as a strong voice for peace and stability across the entire Indo-Pacific Region. Australia is one of our closest partners in our campaign of maximum pressure to denuclearize the Korean peninsula.

Today, we put the strongest sanctions on Korea that we have ever put on a country. We must continue to stand together to prevent the brutal dictatorship from threatening the world with nuclear devastation. Our nations, likewise, share a commitment to keeping our people safe. Australian troops are currently serving alongside Americans and our partners in Afghanistan and the coalition to defeat ISIS.

Today, we're denying terrorists' safe haven, cutting off their funding and discrediting their wicked ideology. ISIS land has been largely recaptured almost 100 percent. I'm very honored to say. And they are on the run.

Our strong partnership can also be seen in our flourishing economic relationship. Australia remains the key market for U.S. defense products. We make the greatest products in the world, so you have very good taste in choosing our product. Automobiles and aircraft and our fair and reciprocal trading relationship is a model for other countries as we seek bilateral agreements.

News that America is open for business has also reached Australian shores. In May, Australian entrepreneur Anthony Pratt announced a new $2 billion investment in box making factories across the United States. But he only did that if Trump won the election, I think. Is that a correct statement, Anthony? Thank you. Boy, that was a close one. I was worried.  These people would have had a field day if you gave the wrong answer. Thank you.

No, but Anthony did call and he said if he wins the election, we're going to spend billions of dollars in the United States and I appreciate your giving me a very, very correct comment. Thank you, Anthony. I'll never do that again.

This investment will continue to build on an almost 100,000 American jobs that are taking place and already supportive by Australian companies. I'm glad to share that the United States is also, by far, the largest investor in Australia.

In the room today are dozens of American and Australian business leaders and great athletes, great athletes and business leader, by the way, Greg, who are working together to identify further opportunities for bilateral investment and cooperation.

Mr. Prime Minister, I also want to take the opportunity to congratulate you on your immigration reforms and on Australia's commitment to merit-based immigration. Are my friends from Congress listening to that? Merit based.

We want to do merit-based immigration also. And we will. That really protects the interest of Australia and its people. It's the way to go. You've been very successful with it. Here, we're working very hard to do the same. In that sense, we're going to hopefully follow in your footprints.

Prime Minister Turnbull, it's been a pleasure to host you today. Great lunch with your representatives. A lot was discussed and lot of deals were made for the purchase of additional military equipment and other things. For a century now, the people of the United States and Australia have inspired the world with their determination, their bravery and their generosity.

I know that our close friendship and enduring alliance and our personal friendship will grow even stronger in the century to come. Our relationship with Australia will always be a very powerful and very successful relationship. It's been incredible and it's only getting better. Thank you very much. Thank you.

Well, thank you very much, Malcolm. That's very beautiful words and we appreciate it. On behalf of the first lady, who is right here and our great vice president, Mike, thank you very much. It's an honor to have you. We'll answer a couple of questions. Is that OK?

How about Trey from One America News? Trey, where are you? Go ahead.

Yes.

How about one? Go ahead, Trey.

Well, we're going to do a lot, but we are going to be very strong on background checks. I've spoken with many of our people in Congress, our senators, our congressmen and women. And there's a movement on to get something done.

We want to be very powerful on background checks. When we are dealing with the mentally ill, as we were in this last case, he was a very sick person and somebody that should have been nabbed. I guess they had 39 different occasions where they were able to see him or potentially see him. We want to be very powerful, very strong on background checks and especially as it pertains to the mentally ill.

We're going to get rid of the bump stocks and we're going to do certain other things. But one of the feelings that I have -- and you probably heard me in a speech this morning -- very, very important that we have offensive capability as well as defensive capability within the schools, because when you have a gun-free zone, you're really inviting people to come in and do whatever you have to do and often times get out.

Now, I was the one that brought up the fact that these shootings, on average, last three minutes and it takes anywhere from six to ten minutes for the police to get to the site.

And I want to have people in the building and, in many cases you have ex-marines, ex-army, navy, air force, coast guard, you have them in the building and they can have concealed weapons and still be teachers or they could be in the building in a different capacity. But we have to have offensive capability to take these people out rapidly before they can do this kind of damage.

But we'll be putting in strong language having to do with the background checks and that will take place very quickly. I spoke with Paul Ryan this morning, with Mitch McConnell. And people are looking to really energize.

I know that you had -- this has been going on for a long time, many, many years. And you've had people in my position and they would mention things, but not a lot of things got done, obviously.

We take it very seriously. We want to put an end to it. And if -- by the way, the bad guy thinks that somebody is in this room with a weapon that's going to be pointed at him with live bullets, he's not even going into the school. That's the one way you're going to solve it.

You're not going to solve it with gun-free spaces because they'll get in there and they're going to be the only one with a gun. So, we need offensive capability and we are going to be doing something about it. We're dealing with Congress right now. Thank you.

Well, I think it's going to make it safer. And, you know, the problem that's been happening over the last 20 years is people have talked. You said it, it's all talk, it's no action.

And we're going to take action. I think it's going to make it safer. I think the fact that you have some capability within a school, they're not going to go into that school. They're not going to do it.

You can look at what's happened with airplanes. We put marshals on planes with guns, where pilots in many cases have guns. Nothing has happened in a long period of time when it used to almost it was getting to the point of being routine.

When you have somebody with a gun staring you down, it's going to be a lot different for them to walk into those schools. Right now, they look at the sign outside. This is a gun-free environment. That means they're the only one with a gun. And the damage this lunatic did in that school for such a long period of time.

And frankly, you had a gun and he was outside as a guard and he decided not to go in. That was not his finest moment. That, I can tell you. He waited and he didn't want to go into the school. I just heard this. And it's a terrible situation.

But we need people that can take care of our children. We're not going to let this happen again. And the way it's not going to happen again -- because they're basically cowards. Innately, they're cowards. And if they know bad things happen to them once they get into that school, by people that love the children -- see, a security guard doesn't know the children, doesn't love the children.

This man standing outside of the school the other day doesn't love the children, probably doesn't know the children. The teachers love their children. They love their pupils. They love their students.

They're doing it also for love. Now they have to be very adept. I'm not talking about every teacher. I'm talking about a small percentage. But people that have great ability with weaponry, with guns, those are the only people I'm talking about. But they'll protect the student. For the prime minister?

I will say, what Russia and what Iran and what Syria have done recently is a humanitarian disgrace. I will tell you that. We're there for one reason: We're there to get ISIS and get rid of ISIS and go home. We're not there for any other reason. And we've largely accomplished our goal.

But what those three countries have done to people over the last short period of time is a disgrace. OK, would you like to ask a question, Mr. Prime Minister?

Well, I think the Trans-Pacific Partnership was not a good deal for us. And if they made it a good deal for us, I'd go in. But honestly, it wasn't.

I like bilateral deals much more than multilateral. I like to be able to negotiate with one country, and if it doesn't work out, you terminate. And during the termination notice, right after you consent, they call you and they say, "Please

But Trans-Pacific Partnership -- TPP was a very bad deal for the United States. It would have cost us tremendous amounts of jobs, would have been bad. But there is a possibility we would go in, but they will be offering us a much better deal. I would certainly do that.

As far as your lanes are concerned, we'd love to have Australia involved. And I think Australia wants us to stay involved.

I have to say, we've developed a great relationship with China, other than the fact that they've been killing us on trade for the last long period of time -- killing us, absolutely killing the United States on trade. But we have developed a great relationship with China; probably closer than we've ever had.

And my personal relationship, as Malcolm can tell you, with President Xi is, I think, quite extraordinary. He's somebody that I like and I think he likes me. With that being said, he likes China and I like the United States.

But a lot of things are happening. It's going to be a very interesting period of time. But we do have to straighten out -- and as much as I like and respect -- really respect President Xi, we have to straighten out the trade imbalance. So much, it's no good. Malcolm Turnbull

Well, to the second, we'll have to see. I don't think I'm going to exactly play that card. But we'll have to see. If the sanctions don't work, we'll have to go phase two. And phase two may be a very rough thing. May be very, very unfortunate for the world.

But hopefully the sanctions will work. We have tremendous support all around the world for what we're doing. It really is a rogue nation.

If we can make a deal, it'll be a great thing. And if we can't, something will have to happen. So we'll see. As far as General Mattis is concerned, I mean, he has that view, and a lot of people have that view.

China's tough. They're getting stronger. They're getting stronger, to a large extent, with a lot of the money they've made from having poor leadership in the United States, because the United States leadership has allowed them to get away with murder.

With that being said, I think we can have a truly great, even trading relationship with China. Hopefully, that's going to work out. And hopefully, the relationship I have with President Xi will make that happen. Only time will tell. Thank you.

I don't think we've ever had a better relationship with China than we do right now. The only thing that can get in its way is trade, because it's so one- sided, it's so lopsided. And the people that stood here for many years, in this position, right where I am right now, should never have allowed that to happen.

It's very unfair to the United States, and it's very unfair to the workers of the United States. Very, very unfair.

And even today, it's extremely hard on companies that want to do business in China, because the barriers are incredible, whereas the barriers coming into our country are foolishly not. Foolishly. I believe in reciprocal trade. If they do something to us, we do something to them.

Well, that never happened, and it's gotten worse and worse over the years. But we'll correct it. That can be the only thing that can get in the way of a truly long-term great relationship. Because we have all the ingredients for friendship. From the Washington Examiner, Gabby?

Yep.

Well, Jared's done an outstanding job. I think he's been treated very unfairly. He's a high-quality person. He works for nothing, just so -- you know, nobody ever reports that, but he gets zero. He doesn't get a salary, nor does Ivanka, who's now in South Korea -- long trip -- representing her country. And we cannot get a better representative.

In fact, the first lady, Melania, was telling me what a great impression she made this morning when she landed in South Korea. Jared is truly outstanding. He's -- he's -- he was very successful when he was in the private sector. He's working on peace in the Middle East and some other small and very easy deals.

They've always said, "Peace in the Middle East

We're actually making great headway. Jerusalem was the right thing to do. We took that off the table. But Jared Kushner's right in the middle of that, and he's an extraordinary deal-maker. And if he does that, that will be an incredible accomplishment and a very important thing for our country.

So General Kelly, who's doing a terrific job, by the way, is right in the middle of that. We inherited a system that's broken. It's a system where many people have just -- it's taken months and months and months to get many people that do not have the complex financial -- you know, complicated financials -- they don't have that, and it's still taken months.

It's a broken system, and it shouldn't take this long. You know how -- how many people are on that list -- people with not a problem in the world. So that'll be up to General Kelly. General Kelly respects Jared a lot and General Kelly will make that call. I won't make that call. I will let the general, who's right here, make that call.

But Jared's doing some very important things for our country. He gets paid zero. Ivanka, by the way, gets paid zero. She gave up a very good and very strong, solid, big business in order to come to Washington, because she wanted to help families and she wanted to help women. She said, "Dad

And I said "You know

So I will let General Kelly make that decision. And he's going to do what's right for the country. And I have no doubt he'll make the right decision, OK? Thank you very much.

And I have to add to that. They're very different countries with very different sets of problems. But I think we're well on the way to solving that horrible problem that happens far too often in the United States.

Thank you very much, everybody. We appreciate it. Thank you. Mr. Prime Minister, thank you very much.