Thank you very much. Today I'm greatly honored to welcome my good friend, Prime Minister Abe of Japan, to the White House. Over the past 16 months, the Prime Minister and I have worked closely together to address common challenges, of which there are many; seize opportunities; and advance the interests of our nations. Today, we have had another deeply productive and very valuable discussion.

We have developed not only a strong working relationship over the last year and a half, specifically 503 days, but a great personal friendship. I was honored by the tremendous hospitality the Prime Minister showed me when the American delegation went to Japan last year. It was really something very special. And we had the Prime Minister and Mrs. Abe as our guest at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach.

The steadfast alliance between Japan and the United States is an enduring force of peace and stability in the Pacific region and around the world. From the beginning of my administration, the Prime Minister and I have been working to expand our cooperation in a range of areas, including defense and commerce, which is what we discussed today.

As I prepare to meet next week with Kim Jong Un -- and I want to bring up the fact that the Prime Minister Abe and, also, President Moon of South Korea were extremely helpful, cooperative, and they'd like to see something happen. It would be great for North Korea, South Korea. It would be great for Japan, the United States, and the world. Our partnership has been invaluable in reaching this important moment, and we will continue to be in very close communication in the weeks ahead, including the issue of Japanese abductees, which I know is of great personal importance to Prime Minister Abe.

I hope the upcoming meeting in Singapore represents the beginning of a bright new future for North Korea and indeed a bright new future for the world. The denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula would usher in a new era of prosperity, security, and peace for all Koreans -- for North and South -- and for people everywhere.

Prime Minister Abe and I are also working to improve the trading relationship between the United States and Japan -- something we have to do. The United States seeks a bilateral deal with Japan that is based on the principle of fairness and reciprocity. We're working hard to reduce our trade imbalance, which is very substantial, remove barriers to U.S. exports, and to achieve a fair and mutually beneficial economic partnership. And we're on our way.

The Prime Minister was telling us just moments ago that they're buying billions and billions of dollars of additional products of all kinds -- military jets, airliners from Boeing, lots of farm products. We're going to be doing a lot more business with Japan, which is what everybody wants to see.

There's never been a better time to invest in the United States. Thanks to our massive tax cuts, historic deregulation, a strong trade policy, which has just really begun -- because I will tell you over the years it has been an extraordinarily weak trade policy -- the opening of American energy, and a return to the rule of law, our economy is absolutely booming. Best it's ever been.

Unemployment is at the lowest level in nearly half a century. And for African American and Hispanic American workers, unemployment has reached its lowest level ever recorded.

We welcome and encourage Japanese investors to open new plants and factories in the United States. And that will happen. The Prime Minister has told me that will happen. We want new auto plants going into Michigan and Pennsylvania and Ohio -- and many of our states that have them and some that don't. And they'll be doing that.

Japan has also remained a critical partner in our efforts to promote a free and open Pacific region where sovereign nations uphold the rule of law, respect the rights of their neighbors, and honor the interests of their people. These core principles allow diverse nations to thrive and prosper altogether in one beautiful, peaceful atmosphere. We're all happy about it. It's what's happening now.

Prime Minister Abe, it is a true privilege to work with you. You've become my great friend. I want to thank you for being here at the White House for our meetings today. So productive. I'm also very proud to say that the bonds between our nations are stronger than ever before.

And I know that, together, we can unlock incredible new opportunities, achieve remarkable new prosperity, and ensure the safety and security of our citizens for a very, very long time to come. And that's what we intend to do.

Thank you very much. Thank you. Mr. Prime Minister, thank you.

Appreciate it. So we'll take a few questions, if we can start.

John Roberts, go ahead.

Well, the letter was just a greeting. It was really very nice. Perhaps I can get approval to put it out. It was really a very warm letter, a very nice letter. I appreciated it very much. And nothing other than: We look forward to seeing you, and we look forward to the summit, and hopefully some wonderful things will work out.

So it was really very warm, very nice. We appreciated it.

I think, John, that we are going to -- we're going to have a great success. I don't think it will be in one meeting. I think it will take longer than that. This has been going on for many, many decades.

This is something that should have been solved by other Presidents, as I've said often before, long before this point. They waited until the last second. And they shouldn't have waited. This should have been solved by many others. I'm not just saying President Obama; I'm saying other Presidents. A long time ago, this could have been solved in a lot easier manner and a lot less dangerous manner. But it wasn't. So I'll solve it, and we'll get it done.

As far as the Prime Minister is concerned, we will agree and we have agreed that we're going to be helping -- if the deal is done, we're going to be helping North Korea. We're going to be working with China. We're going to be working with South Korea.

President Xi of China has been terrific. The border has been certainly more closed than ever before. I'd like them to close it a little bit more, but it's been more closed than ever before. China has never worked with us this way. And, you know, I give him a lot of credit because, as you know, we're in a dispute as to the imbalance of trade.

It's a massive imbalance in China's favor. It's been that way for many decades, and it should have also been handled by previous Presidents. But it wasn't, so we'll handle that too.

But I give President Xi tremendous credit, and I give President Moon tremendous credit. He really would like to see something happen. They've been living with the threat of war from their beginning, and it doesn't make sense. And I really believe that Kim Jong Un wants to do something. I think he wants to see something incredible happen for the people of North Korea.

So we have a lot of great opportunities right now. Shouldn't have waited to this point, but we have a lot of great opportunity. John, please.

Well, it could be. We could sign an agreement. As you know, that would be a first step. It's what happens after the agreement that really is the big point.

But, yes, we could absolutely sign an agreement. We're looking at it. We're talking about it with them. We're talking about it with a lot of other people. But that could happen. But that's really the beginning. Sounds a little bit strange, but that's probably the easy part; the hard part remains after that.

Normalizing relations is something that I would expect to do, I would hope to do, when everything is complete. We would certainly hope to do that.

I know that Prime Minister Abe and President Moon have told me, very strongly, that they are going to go and they will help them economically, tremendously. Japan has a tremendous stake and so do they. We, on the other hand, are very far away. We're very, very far away.

But Japan will be helping. I believe China will be helping economically, also. And I think China wants to see something very good happen, very positive happen. And certainly, South Korea has already stated their intentions. They will be very helpful.

So there are lot of good factors lined up for North Korea. A lot of tremendous factors that give it tremendous potential. It has tremendous potential because the people are great. And we would certainly like to see normalization, yes.

Yes. Thank you very much. Maximum pressure is absolutely in effect. We don't use the term anymore because we're going into a friendly negotiation. Perhaps after that negotiation I will be using it again. You'll know how well we do in the negotiation. If you hear me saying we're going to use "maximum pressure," you'll know the negotiation did not do well, frankly. There's no reason to say it.

We, in the meantime, haven't removed any sanctions. We have a list of over 300 massive, in some cases, sanctions to put on North Korea. And I've decided to hold that until we can make a deal, because I really believe there's a potential to make a deal. And I just don't think it's nice going in under those circumstances.

But, yes, the campaign hasn't changed. China has continued to hold the border. We, again, would like them to do more in that sense. But they've been really good, and the President has been very good. But maximum sanction is there. We are leaving all of the existing sanctions on. We have many, many sanctions to go, but I don't want to use them unless it's necessary. And I don't think it will be necessary, but we will soon know. Okay? Thank you.

Saagar Enjeti. Where's Saagar? Daily Caller.

Well, the answer is yes to the second part of your question. But certainly if it goes well. And I think it would be well received. I think he would look at it very favorably. So I think that could happen.

All I can say is I am totally prepared to walk away. I did it once before. You have to be able to walk away. If you're not going to be able to walk away -- we didn't walk away from the horrible Iran deal that was signed. And if you look at what's happened since I signed that deal, Iran -- and in all fairness, I say it with great respect for the people of Iran -- but Iran is acting a lot differently.

They're no longer looking so much to the Mediterranean. They're no longer looking so much to what's going on in Syria, what's going on in Yemen and lots of other places. They're a much different country over the last three months.

And again, I say that with hope that maybe something can happen. But when you mention sanctions, we're putting sanctions on Iran, the likes of which nobody has ever seen before, including, frankly, North Korea. That would have been the next phase, if we did it or find it necessary to do.

But nuclear to me is always first. And we're going to be fine, with respect to Iran. But we also, Saagar, got something out of it that's very important. A lot of the people that write about this, some of whom I have respect for, but they haven't picked it up: Iran is not the same country that it was a few months ago.

They're a much, much different group of leaders. And I hope at some point they'll come to us and we'll sit down, and we'll make a deal that's good for them, and good for us, and good for everybody. And it will be great for Iran. I expect it to be -- I want it to be great for Iran.

But if they would have walked -- our side -- from some of the horrible provisions that you know as well as I do, and probably everybody sitting here knows, we could have had a great deal. Nothing wrong with a deal, but there's something wrong with that deal. We had a great opportunity to make a phenomenal deal.

So I am totally prepared to walk. It could happen. Maybe it won't be necessary. I hope it won't be necessary to walk because I really believe that Kim Jong Un wants to do something that is going to be great for his people and also great for his family and great for himself.

Okay? Thank you very much.

Maybe we'll start with the White House. What do you think?

You know, I can speak first because I will tell you, on the Prime Minister's behalf, that he very much talked about abduction. It was preeminent in our conversations. He talked about it long and hard and passionately. And I will follow his wishes, and we will be discussion that with North Korea, absolutely. Absolutely. Prime Minister, go ahead.

I'd like to just close by paying my highest respect and regards and love, frankly -- I've gotten to know them very well -- to the Warmbier family, the incredible family of Otto Warmbier, who was a brilliant, beautiful, terrific young man. And he has not died in vain, I can tell you that. He has not died in vain. So to the Warmbier family, our love and our respect.

Also, I'd like to say that we were tremendously successful in getting our three hostages back. And I'm very thankful to the cooperation that we received from North Korea. And the three United States citizens are now very happily ensconced in their homes with their families. They're very happy. They didn't think this was going to happen. And frankly, it would never have happened, but it has.

So I just want to wish them well also. They had a tough journey, but I really respect the fact that we were able to work with the North Korean folks and get them out. They're very, very well ingrained already. They're back into -- they were telling me they're now going to movies and they're going out to dinner, and they're back. They're back in our country, and it's a terrific thing.

I believe we're going to have a terrific success or a modified success. But in one form or another, if it all goes -- and things can happen between now and then -- but I know many of you are going. And I look forward to seeing you there. I look forward to traveling with you.

It's a long way. But I really believe that we have the potential to do something incredible for the world. And it's my honor to be involved. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you.