Thank you very much. Thank you. I'm honored to be joined by Prime Minister Löfven of Sweden at our first meeting in the White House.

Sweden is one of our oldest and closest partners

My daughter

That was something

The Prime Minister and I have just concluded a series of very productive meetings. The relationship between the United States and Sweden is one based on shared values

We look forward to exploring further opportunities to increase our security and our cooperation in every other way. And we encourage nations around the world to share responsibility for our common defense. We appreciate Sweden's leadership on the United Nations Security Council

The United States is also grateful to Sweden for advocating for Americans detained in North Korea. I particularly want to thank the Swedish government for its assistance in securing the release of American college student Otto Warmbier last year. Terrible

And we remain determined to achieve a denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula. And there's been a lot of news on that today. Hopefully

In economic matters

Earlier this afternoon

We're also continuing to pursue bilateral agreements to advance mutual prosperity. I'm pleased that Sweden intends to procure the Patriot air and missile defense system -- finest in the world -- in a deal worth over $3 billion. This system will increase stability and security in the Baltic Sea region.

A strong and balanced economic relationship strengthens security and prosperity in both of our countries. And this is just the beginning. We have a lot of things that we're working on. And we're working on them

Mr. Prime Minister

The longstanding friendship between our people

Thank you very much. John.

Well

And I don't blame the countries. I blame our leadership for allowing it to happen. When I was with President Xi in China -- as an example

But it's like that with many countries

I'm here to protect. And one of the reasons I was elected is I'm protecting our workers

So we're doing tariffs on steel. We cannot lose our steel industry. It's a fraction of what it once was. And we can't lose our aluminum industry. Also a fraction of what it once was.

And our country is doing well. The massive tax cuts and all of the deregulation has really kicked us into gear. But I have to work on trade deals. We're working on NAFTA right now. And if we're able to make a deal with Canada and Mexico in NAFTA

But again

Well

You know

They'll like us better and they will respect us much more. Because even they say -- right now

Just to add maybe a little bit further: If you talk China

So China doesn't send us 2 percent; they send us a much

And you know there's a theory that if a country doesn't have steel

But again

I think you have a wonderful Prime Minister

But as far as our relationship with Sweden

We've been working on North Korea. Sweden has somewhat of a relationship with North Korea. We've been working with North Korea. As I said

They really have been terrific. Really terrific. Saagar Enjeti

Me. No

But the sanctions have been very

No

Many

It's got tremendous energy. It's tough. I like conflict. I like having two people with different points of view

But the White House has a tremendous energy

Please.

Well

We're doing a very

But the big thing would be the tax cut and the regulations cuts. Also

So I think we're going to do very well

So based on that

But we're studying it very closely. Various agencies

No

Maybe almost everything?

Oh

No