Thank you. Today I'm honored to host the president of Estonia, the president of Latvia and the president of Lithuania at the U.S.-Baltic Centennial Summit. Thank you all for traveling to the White House for these really important discussions. We've just spent a long time together and it was very interesting. This summit proudly displays to the world America's deep and lasting friendship with the Baltic nations.

On behalf of the American people, thank you very much. And we are going to have another 100-year very long and beautiful relationship. This is your 100th year of independence. Congratulations.

For a century, the United States has stood with the people of the Baltics in support of their independence, sovereignty and self-determination. Through the decades of brutal Soviet occupation, the United States never ceased to recognize the sovereignty of the Baltic republics.

In our discussions today, I was proud to reaffirm America's commitment to the Welles Declaration of 1940 and the U.S.-Baltic Charter of 1998. These same principles lie at the heart of America's approach to world affairs, honoring the right of peaceful citizens and nations to protect their interest and chart their own wonderful destinies.

All three Baltic republics are committed NATO allies. I want to express our gratitude to each of your countries for fulfilling your full obligations and meeting the 2 percent GDP benchmark for national defense this year.

Your commitment to burden-sharing is an example really that other NATO nations and partners all around the world will have to all get together and bear. Some of them do not make the same commitment. Hopefully, they soon will.

When nations are committed to peace and to security, they have to pay their share. And we will all enjoy a much more safe and prosperous future.

Baltic countries are also providing security assistance and training as part of the coalition to defeat ISIS. The coalition has liberated almost 100 percent of the territory once held by ISIS in Syria and in Iraq. And we will not rest until ISIS is gone.

In economic matters, our cooperation continues to develop and grow, as you well know. We're excited about several new opportunities for collaboration, especially in science, medicine and technology.

Immediately following this summit, the Department of Commerce and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce will host a U.S.-Baltic business summit to expand the mutual trade and investment between our nations. And they're all looking forward to seeing you.

The Baltic countries remain a key market for U.S. aircraft, automobiles, machinery and medical equipment, and we welcome increased bilateral trade with all three nations, based on the principle of fairness and reciprocity.

Finally, we are enhancing our cooperation on energy security. We're all collaborating to diversity energy sources, supplies and routes throughout the Baltic region, including expanding exports of U.S. liquefied natural gas, of which you've become a bigger and bigger user. These are just some of the many wonderful opportunities we can seize together.

To all three Baltic leaders with us today, thank you again for helping to celebrate -- and this is really a very great celebration, because it's a historic milestone. Our friendship will continue to grow closer, and our cooperation will continue to bring about the greater security and prosperity for our citizens. And you have done terrific jobs as leaders, as presidents of your countries.

And we tell you that, for your citizens, we are there for you. As we begin the next 100 years of our partnership, the Baltic republics can trust the United States will remain a strong, proud and loyal friend and ally. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Please.

Yes. Whatever you like.

Ladies first.

Thank you. Thank you very much. Please.

Thank you very much. Thank you.

Thank you very much. Very much. And we'll take a few questions. We're going to also have questions specifically for the Baltics. Steve, Reuters?

Yeah. The -- first of all the border, the Mexican border is very unprotected by our laws. We have horrible, horrible and very unsafe laws in the United States, and we're going to be able to do something about that hopefully soon. Hopefully Congress will get their act together and get in and create some very powerful laws, like Mexico has, and like Canada has, and like almost all countries have.

We don't have laws. We have catch and release. You catch and then you immediately release, and people come back years later for a court case, except they virtually never come back.

So we are preparing for the military to secure our border between Mexico and the United States. We have a meeting on it in a little while with General Mattis and everybody. And I think that it's something we have to do.

Now, the caravan, which is over a thousand people coming in from Honduras, thought they were just going to walk right through Mexico and right through the border.

As you know, NAFTA is a phenomenal deal for Mexico. It's been a horrible deal for the United States. We're renegotiating it now. But it has been a horrible, horrible, embarrassing deal for the United States. This should have been terminated or renegotiated many years ago.

Mexico -- we have a trade deficit with Mexico of over $100 billion a year. And I told Mexico yesterday that, because of the fact that their laws are so strong, they can do things about it that -- hard to believe -- the United States can't.

I said, I hope you're going to tell that caravan not to get up to the border. And I think they're doing that, because, as of 12 minutes ago, it was all being broken up. We'll see what happens. But we have to have strong borders. We need the wall.

We've started building the wall. As you know, we have $1.6 billion toward building the wall and fixing existing wall that's falling down and was never appropriated in the first place. And that's very important.

As far as Syria is concerned, our primary mission in terms of that was getting rid of ISIS. We've almost completed that task, and we'll be making a decision very quickly, in coordination with others in the area, as to what we'll do. Saudi Arabia is very interested in our decision, and I said, Well, you know, you want us to stay, maybe you're going to have to pay.

But a lot of people -- you know, we do a lot of things in this country. We do them for -- we -- we do them for a lot of reasons. But it's very costly for our country, and it helps other countries a hell of a lot more than it helps us.

So we're going to be making a decision. We've had a tremendous military success against ISIS, as you know. It's close to 100 percent, as I just said. And we'll be making a decision as to what we do in the very near future. We'll be consulting also with groups of our people and groups of our allies, OK?

Say it?

I want to get out. I want to bring our troops back home. I want to start rebuilding our nation. We will have, as of three months ago, $7 trillion in the Middle East over the last 17 years. We get nothing -- nothing out of it, nothing.

And, as you remember, in civilian life, for years, I said, Keep the oil. I was always saying, Keep the oil. We didn't keep the oil. Who got the oil? Was -- ISIS got the oil, a lot of it. That's what funded their campaigns. They took a lot of the oil, and it was largely responsible for funding.

We should have kept the oil then. We didn't keep the oil. So I want to get back -- I want to rebuild our nation. Think of it: $7 trillion over a 17-year period. We have nothing, nothing except death and destruction. It's a horrible thing.

So it's time. It's time. We were very successful against ISIS. We'll be successful against anybody militarily. But sometimes it's time to come back home, and we're thinking about that very seriously, OK? Thank you.

Well, we have a very strong relationship, as the presidents will tell you, with the Baltic states. And we are with them. We're friends and we're allies. And we are going to have a long-term, very fine relationship.

In addition, we do business on trade. We work very hard on security together. Surprisingly, large numbers of trade -- and these are very industrious nations.

Now, you're from there. So you know exactly what I'm talking about. These are tremendous people and very, very industrious. We do a lot of business on trade. Thank you. Thank you very much.

OK. Thank you. Would you like to choose somebody, President?

I think all three would be great places to invest. The stable governments, incredible people, hardworking, industrious people -- I think they would be great places to invest. I would have no problem with it, although I think, as president of the United States, they would call it a slight conflict of interest, perhaps.  You might be hearing from these people. No, I think it would be great place. I think all three would be a great place to invest. OK?

Thank you.

Well, I think we'll be able to have great dialogue, I hope. And, if we can't, you'll be the first to know about it. Nobody's been tougher on Russia than I have. And you can -- and I know you're nodding yes, because everyone agrees when they think about it -- strong energy, the United States.

My opponent was into other forms of energy, like windmills. We're -- we're very strong on energy. We're essentially, now, energy-independent. We're an exporter of energy. That is not a positive for Russia. But it's certainly a positive for the United States.

We just passed a $700 billion military budget. Next year, $716 billion, the largest ever passed. We are going to have a military stronger than we've ever had before, by far. Now, that's not exactly a great thing for Russia. But that's the way it is. We're going to have the strongest military that we ever had.

NATO -- NATO was delinquent. They were not paying their bills. They were not paying, a lot of states, as we discussed. They were not -- they were not paying what they should be paying.

Since I came in, many, many billions of dollars additional have been paid by countries that weren't paying, and now they're paying. And they will have to pay more, frankly. They're going to have to pay more.

So there are many things that I've done, and not only the 60 diplomats. Germany did four, France did four, we did 60. There's nobody been tougher on Russia.

And with that being said, I think I could have a very good relationship with President Putin. I think. It's possible I won't, then you will know about it. Believe me, this room will know about it before I know about it.

It's a real possibility that I could have a good relationship. And remember this: Getting along with Russia is a good thing. Getting along with China is a good thing. Getting along with other countries, including your three countries is a good thing, not a bad thing. So I think I could have a very good relationship with Russia and with President Putin. And if I did, that would be a great thing. And there's also a possibility that that won't happen. Who knows? OK? Thank you. OK.

OK.

Pick a reporter, please. You could pick a reporter, a Baltic reporter ideally.  Real news, not fake news.  Go ahead. You want to pick? I think we have enough, do we have enough? Yes?

Go ahead, pick -- Mr. President, pick a reporter from the Baltics. Not the same man; he was very tough. Go ahead, pick a reporter.

Yes, go ahead. Yes, please, go ahead.

Just want to conclude by saying that I am very impressed with these three great Baltic nations and these three great presidents. Thank you very much for being here. Thank you, everybody. Thank you.