Prime Minister Abe, the First Lady and I are profoundly honored to return to this very beautiful nation as Japan's first state guests following the enthronement of His Majesty the Emperor. On behalf of the United States, we want to thank the Imperial Family for this gracious invitation and warm welcome.

It was really wonderful. Melania and I are thrilled to be back in the Land of the Rising Sun. It is a true privilege to take part in the splendor of this historic moment and to witness an ancient Japanese tradition as you begin the new Imperial Era. We look forward to seeing the new Emperor continue his father's extraordinary legacy.

Yesterday, Melania and I were delighted to join you, Prime Minister, in attending a sumo tournament -- I've always wanted to see a sumo tournament; so true -- and they are bigger and stronger than I even thought -- at your very impressive and new national arena, where I presented the first-ever U.S. President's Cup to the Sumo Grand Champion.

That was something. This morning, we participated in a magnificent welcome ceremony with Their Majesties the Emperor and Empress at the grand Imperial Palace. Japan's time-honored customs and exquisite culture fill us with a deep sense of admiration. I want to thank all of the people of Japan for welcoming us to this week and sharing your beloved heritage.

It is truly an incredible heritage. This visit has also been a chance for Prime Minister Abe and me to strengthen our close friendship and the friendship between our two nations. The alliance between the United States and Japan is a cornerstone of stability and prosperity in the region and all around the world.

The Prime Minister and I continue our close consultation in pursuit of peace and security on the Korean Peninsula. The essence of our approach is peace through strength. And this is a strong alliance indeed. The U.S.-Japan alliance is steadfast and ironclad. We want peace and we want stability. We continue to hope that Chairman Kim seizes the opportunity to transform his country through denuclearization.

It is a country with tremendous economic and other potential. The United States also remains committed to the issue of abductions, which I know is a top priority for Prime Minister Abe. Earlier today, I met for the second time with a group of Japanese families, who have suffered the unthinkable heartbreak of having their loved ones abducted by North Korea.

The United States will continue to support Japan's efforts to bring these abductees home. Our nations are also cooperating on a number of other vital security issues. The United States supports Japan's efforts to improve its defense capabilities, and in recent months, we have greatly expedited the sale of large amounts of defense equipment to Japan, made in the United States.

We make the best equipment in the world. In 2018, Japan was one of the world's top purchasers of American defense equipment, and it has just announced its intent to purchase 105 brand new F-35 stealth aircraft. Stealth because, the fact is, you can't see them. This purchase would give Japan the largest F-35 fleet of any U.S. ally.

America and Japan's close security ties are grounded in shared values. Our armed forces train and serve together all around the world. Tomorrow, I will visit American troops stationed alongside the Japanese Self-Defense Forces right here in Japan. On behalf of all Americans, I want to thank the Japanese people for graciously hosting our service members and military families.

The United States and Japan are also working to improve our economic relationship based on the principles of fairness and reciprocity. We are currently negotiating a bilateral trade agreement that would benefit both of our economies. Our goal is to reduce our trade deficit with Japan, remove trade barriers, and barriers of all kinds, so that U.S. exports will really have a fair and very profound footing.

Just over one week ago, U.S. beef gained full access to Japanese markets for the first time since 2003. We hope to have even more to announce on the trade very, very soon. And, finally, today, I am pleased to confirm that Prime Minister Abe and I have agreed to dramatically expand our nations' cooperation in human space exploration.

Japan will join our mission to send U.S. astronauts to space. We'll be going to the moon. We'll be going to Mars very soon. It's very exciting. And from a military standpoint, there is nothing more important right now than space. This is an exciting starting point for greater collaboration on many other things.

Mr. Prime Minister, our visit this week is a moving reminder of the strength of the U.S.-Japan alliance and the deep friendship between our people. It is a profound honor to be in Japan at this important moment in your nation's history. For this new Imperial Era, your nation has chosen the name "Reiwa," meaning "beautiful harmony." America shares this wonderful aspiration for the future, and I look forward to continuing our tremendous partnership as we work together to bring this noble vision to life.

Thank you very much. Thank you.

Well, first of all, let me say that I think that Kim Jong Un, or Chairman Kim, as some people say, is looking to create a nation that has great strength economically. I think he's very much -- I talk to him a lot about it, and he's very much into the fact that -- he believes, like I do, that North Korea has tremendous economic potential like perhaps few other developing nations anywhere in the world.

And I think that he is looking to develop that way. He knows that, with nuclear, that's never going to happen. Only bad can happen. He understands that. He is a very smart man. He gets it well. So I think that he is -- he is going to try, at some point. I'm in no rush at all. The sanctions remain. We have our hostages back.

We, as you know, are getting the remains -- continuing to get the remains. A lot of good things are happening. And, very importantly, there's been no nuclear testing for two years. I looked at a chart the other day. During the past administration, there were many numbers that were very high, like 10 and 12 and 18, having to do with missile launches and nuclear testing.

And for the last two years, on the bottom, it had zero and zero. So, I am very happy with the way it's going. And intelligent people agree with me.

No, I'm not. I am personally not.

Well, there's never been a President more transparent. The Mueller report came out: no obstruction, no collusion. No nothing. It's a beautiful report. The Democrats cannot understand what happened. They really thought they had some people on their side, because, as you know, the people doing the investigation were 18 extremely angry Democrats, many of whom worked for Hillary Clinton and supported Hillary Clinton.

And Bob Mueller, I guess you could say, he wasn't a friend of mine, but he did something that was really the right thing to do. They were very disappointed. They can't get over the fact that I never spoke to Russia, never dealt with Russia, having to do with the subject we're talking about. And I will say this: That without question, we have done a job like few Presidents have done.

The only thing you can say about me, that some people may not like, is that I've created one of the greatest economies anywhere in the world. In fact, when I first met with, yesterday -- with Prime Minister Abe, the first thing he did was congratulate me on the incredible economy that we have in the United States.

So, I think that we will work with them. We have a USMCA. We have a deal with Canada and Mexico that everybody wants, I think. It's all done. And I think they probably want to be doing that. As you know, Ambassador Lighthizer is here, right now. That's a deal that's gotten universal praise. Unions love it. Farmers love it. Manufacturers love it. You won't have companies leaving and going to Mexico and going to Canada and going like they were for many, many years.

It's a great deal. I would imagine that Nancy Pelosi will approve that. I would think it would be very hard not to, but we'll see. But certainly, as things get approved I would love to sign them. It's only good for our country. I'm only interested in what's good for our country. It's very important. Thank you very much.

I want to hear this answer too.

That's about four.  I think probably that's enough.

I think your compatriots will not be happy with another question. All right?

Thank you very much.

I wanted to add, though, that -- very importantly -- I have nothing to do with TPP. Okay? Nothing to do. I'm not bound by anything that anybody else signs with respect to the United States. TPP would've destroyed our automobile industry and many of our manufacturers. We are not involved in TPP. So what other countries agreed to is not binding at all on the United States.

As far as China is concerned, they want to make a deal. I think they probably wish they made the deal that they had on the table before they tried to renegotiate it. They would like to make a deal. We're not ready to make a deal. And we're taking in tens of billions of dollars of tariffs, and that number could go up very, very substantially, very easily.

But I think, sometime in the future, China and the United States will absolutely have a great trade deal. And we look forward to that. Okay? Thank you.

First of all, getting to the G20, I think that we are very much discussing different things with Japan. We have an unbelievably large imbalance -- as you know, trade imbalance -- which has been there for many, many years; Japan having the big advantage. They are brilliant businesspeople, brilliant negotiators, and put us in a very tough spot.

But I think we will have a deal with Japan. Likewise, I think we will have a deal with China sometime into the future. Many companies are leaving China right now because of the tariffs. China is subsidizing a lot of industry because -- you know, foolishly, some people said that the American taxpayer is paying the tariffs of China.

No, no, no -- it's not that way. They're paying a small percentage, but our country is taking in billions and billions of dollars. Our farmers -- out of all of that money, the tens of billions of dollars -- we're giving a relatively small percentage to our farmers, who have really been a focal point of what's gone on with trade.

As you know, they've earmarked and they've gone after the farmer, thinking that if they hurt the farmer, I'm going to negotiate a bad deal for the rest of the country. I'll tell you, the American farmer -- these are patriots. These are great patriots. They don't want subsidy. We've had meetings -- and I've had meetings with 32, 35, 40 farmers at one time, numerous times.

And they don't want subsidy. I've told that to you before, Jeff. They want a level playing field. That's all they want, because they're better than anybody in the world. And they've told me. I said, "You know, I'm going to get you subsidy while China takes advantage of us and China takes advantage of you, by pinpointing you." They say, "We don't want subsidies, sir.

All we want is a laying play- -- really, a level playing field." The American farmer -- these are great patriots. They are unbelievable people. And they're with me, 100 percent. I believe that we will have a very good deal with China sometime into the future, because I don't believe that China can continue to pay these, really, hundreds of billions of dollars in tariffs.

I don't believe they can do that. You know, businesses are leaving China by the hundreds, by the thousands -- going into areas that are non-tariffed, including the United States, by the way. But they're going to different parts of Asia -- Vietnam; frankly, Japan. But they're going to a lot of places, but they're also coming to the United States because people don't want to pay the tariff.

And if you look, there is no tariff to pay. All you have to do is move your company to the United States. There is no 25 percent tariff. But with all of that being said, I think that there's a very good chance that the United States and China will have a very good trade deal.

Well, Kim Jong Un made a statement that Joe Biden is a low-IQ individual. He probably is, based on his record. I think I agree with him on that. But, at the same time, my people think it could have been a violation, as you know. I view it differently. I view it as a man -- perhaps he wants to get attention, and perhaps not.

Who knows? It doesn't matter. All I know is that there have been no nuclear tests. There have been no ballistic missiles going out. There have been no long-range missiles going out. And I think that someday we'll have a deal. I'm not in a rush. Tremendous sanctions being put on the country of North Korea.

And, again, Kim Jong Un understands the unbelievable economic potential that country has. It's located between Russia and China, on one side, and South Korea on the other. And it's all waterfront property. It's a great location, as we used to say in the real estate business. And I think he sees that.

And I have to tell you -- one other country -- I really believe that Iran would like to make a deal. And I think that's very smart of them. And I think that's a possibility to happen also.

Well, when I look at what's been done by our Vice President and the President, when I look at the horrible Iran deal that they made -- look what happened since I terminated the Iran deal. Look what has happened to Iran. Iran, when I first came into office, was a terror. They were fighting in many locations all over the Middle East.

They were behind every single major attack, whether it was Syria, whether it was Yemen, whether it was individual smaller areas, whether it was taking away oil from people. They were involved with everything. Now they're pulling back because they're got serious economic problems. We have massive -- as you know, massive sanctions and other things.

I mean, we just said the other day: steel, copper, different elements of what they used to sell. The oil is essentially dried up. And I'm not looking to hurt Iran at all. I'm looking to have Iran say, "No nuclear weapons." We have enough problems in this world right now with nuclear weapons. No nuclear weapons for Iran.

And I think we'll make a deal. I think Iran -- again, I think Iran has tremendous economic potential. And I look forward to letting them get back to the stage where they can show that. I think Iran -- I know so many people from Iran. These are great people. It has a chance to be a great country, with the same leadership.

We're not looking for regime change. I just want to make that clear. We're looking for no nuclear weapons. If you look at the deal that Biden and President Obama signed, they would have access -- free access -- to nuclear weapons, where they wouldn't even be in violation, in just a very short period of time.

What kind of a deal is that? So we can't have that. Plus, there were many other things they did that were very bad. So I don't take sides as to who I'm in favor or who I'm not, but I can tell you that Joe Biden was a disaster. His administration, with President Obama, they were basically a disaster when it came to so many things, whether it was economy, whether it was military, defense.

No matter what it was, they had a lot problems. So, I'm not a fan.