Thank you very much, Theresa.

Well, thank you, Prime Minister May. Melania and I are honored to return to London as our nations commemorate the 75th anniversary of D-Day in World War Two. We want to thank Her Majesty the Queen, who I had a lovely dinner with last night -- a fantastic person, fantastic woman -- for so graciously inviting us to this State Visit.

It was very, very special. Our thanks as well to Prime Minister and Mr. May for the warm welcome they've given the First Lady and me, as we remember the heroes who laid down their lives to rescue civilization itself. On June 6th, 1944, tens of thousands of young warriors left these shores by the sea and air to begin the invasion of Normandy and the liberation of Europe and the brutal Nazi occupation.

It was a liberation like few people have seen before. Among them were more than 130,000 American and British brothers-in-arms. Through their valor and sacrifice, they secured our homelands and saved freedom for the world. Tomorrow, Prime Minister May and I will attend a commemoration ceremony in Portsmouth -- one of the key embarkation points for the invasion.

More than one and a half million American service members were stationed right here in England in advance of the landings that summer. The bonds of friendship forged here and sealed in blood on those hallowed beaches will endure forever. Our special relationship is grounded in common history, values, customs, culture, language, and laws.

Our people believe in freedom and independence as a sacred birthright and cherished inheritance worth defending at any cost. As the Prime Minister and I discussed in our meetings today and yesterday, the United States and the United Kingdom share many goals and priorities around the world. I want to thank the people of the United Kingdom for their service and partnership in our campaign to defeat ISIS. As we announced a few months ago, ISIS's territorial caliphate in Syria and Iraq has been completely obliterated -- defeated.

The United Kingdom is also a key partner in NATO. The Prime Minister and I agree that our NATO Allies must increase their defense spending. We've both been working very hard toward that end. And we are very current, and some of them are not. We can't allow that to happen. But I appreciate everything you've done in that regard.

We expect a growing number of nations to meet the minimum 2 percent of GDP requirement. To address today's challenges, all members of the Alliance must fulfill their obligations. They have no choice. They must fulfill their obligation. Among the pressing threats facing our nations is the development and spread of nuclear weapons.

Perhaps that's our greatest threat. The United States and the United Kingdom are determined to ensure that Iran never develops nuclear weapons, and stops supporting and engaging in terrorism. And I believe that will happen. In protecting our nations, we also know that the border security is national security.

Today, the Prime Minister and I discussed our thriving economic relationship -- both countries are doing very well -- and participated in a roundtable with industry and business leaders -- I can say, probably, the biggest business leaders anywhere in the world. Our nations have more than $1 trillion invested in each other's economics.

The United Kingdom is America's largest foreign investor and our largest European export market. That's a lot of importance. As the UK makes preparations to exit the European Union, the United States is committed to a phenomenal trade deal between the U.S. and the UK. There is tremendous potential in that trade deal -- I say, probably, two and even three times of what we're doing right now.

Tremendous potential. Seventy-five years ago this Thursday, courageous Americans and British patriots set out from this island toward history's most important battle. They stormed forward out of ships and airplanes, risking everything to defend our people and to ensure that the United States and Britain would forever remain sovereign and forever remain free.

Following this press conference, Prime Minister May, Mr. May, the First Lady, my family, and I will visit the legendary Churchill War Rooms beneath the streets of London. I look forward to that. In his famous speech on this day in June 1940, Prime Minister Churchill urged his countrymen to "defend our island, whatever the cost may be." As we mark this solemn anniversary of D-Day, we remember that the defense of our nations does not begin on the battlefield but within the heart of every patriot.

Today, let us renew our pledge, engraved at the American Cemetery in Normandy and inscribed by President Dwight Eisenhower in St. Paul's Cathedral right here in London, that "the cause for which they died shall live." Prime Minister May, it's been a true honor. I have greatly enjoyed working with you.

You are a tremendous professional and a person that loves your country dearly. Thank you very much. Really an honor. Thank you for the invitation to memorialize our fallen heroes and for your partnership in protecting and advancing the extraordinary alliance between the American and the British people. It's the greatest alliance the world has ever known.

Thank you, Prime Minister. Thank you.

Thank you very much.

You're talking about the Mayor of London. Is that who you said? Yes? Well, I think he's been a -- a not very good mayor, from what I understand. He's done a poor job. Crime is up. A lot of problems. And I don't think he should be criticizing a representative of the United States that can do so much good for the United Kingdom.

We talked about it before: He should be positive, not negative. He's a negative force, not a positive force. And if you look at what he said, he hurts the people of this great country. And I think he should actually focus on his job. It'd be a lot better if he did that. He could straighten out some of the problems that he has and probably some of the problems that he's caused.

Thank you.

Jeremy -- yes. Yes, he wanted to meet with me and I told him no.

Yes.

Well, I don't know Jeremy Corbyn. Never met him. Never spoke to him. He wanted to meet today or tomorrow, and I decided that I would not do that. I think that he is -- from where I come from -- somewhat of a negative force. I think that the people should look to do things correctly as opposed to criticize.

I really don't like critics as much as I like and respect people that get things done. So I've decided not to meet. As far as the protests, I have to tell you, because I commented on it yesterday: We left the Prime Minister, the Queen, the Royal Family -- there were thousands of people on the streets cheering.

And even coming over today, there were thousands of people cheering. And then I heard that there were protests. I said, "Where are the protests? I don't see any protests." I did see a small protest today when I came -- very small. So a lot of it is fake news, I hate to say. But you saw the people waving the American flag, waving your flag; it was tremendous spirit and love.

There was great love. It was an alliance. And I didn't see the protestors until just a little while ago, and it was a very, very small group of people, put in for political reasons. So it was fake news. Thank you.

It's very big, and this really is a very big and important alliance. And I think people should act positively toward it because it means so much for both countries. It means so much and it's been so good. Steve Holland, yes. Go ahead, Steve.

Well, I don't like to take positions in things that I'm not, you know, really -- I understand the issue very well. I really predicted what was going to happen. Some of you remember that prediction. It was a strong prediction, made at a certain location, on a development we were opening the day before it happened.

And I thought it was going to happen because of immigration more than anything else, but probably it happens for a lot of reasons. But I would say, yeah, I would think that it will happen and it probably should happen. This is a great, great country and it wants its own identity. It wants to have its own borders.

It wants to run its own affairs. This is a very, very special place. And I think it deserves a special place. And I thought maybe for that reason -- and for others -- but that reason, it was going to happen. Yeah, I think it will happen, and I believe the Prime Minister has brought it to a very good point where something will take place in the not-too-distant future.

I think she's done a very good job. I believe it would be good for the country. Yes.

No, because we're going to have absolutely an agreement on Huawei and everything else. We have an incredible intelligence relationship and we will be able to work out any differences. I think we're not going to have it. We did discuss it. I see absolutely no limitations. We've never had limitations.

This is a truly great ally and partner, and we'll have no problem with that. Okay?

I think we're going to have a great trade deal, yes. I think we're going to have a great and very comprehensive trade deal --

I can't hear him. What?

Look, I think everything with a trade deal is on the table. When you -- when you're dealing in trade, everything is on the table -- so, NHS or anything else. There are a lot -- a lot more than that. But everything will be on the table, absolutely. Okay.

John, please.

That's good.

Not "possibly be."

No, we haven't started yet.

Yeah, the threat is out there, but we haven't really started yet. No, this will take effect next week -- the 5 percent.

Oh, I don't think they will do that. I think if they do, it's foolish. There's nothing more important than borders. I've had tremendous Republican support. I have a 90 percent -- 94 percent approval rating, as of this morning, in the Republican Party. That's an all-time record. Can you believe that?

Isn't that something? I love records. But we have a 94 percent approval rating in the Republican Party. I want to see security at our border. I'm going to see great trade. I'm going to see a lot of things happening. And that is happening. And as you know, Mexico called. They want to meet. They're going to meet on Wednesday.

Secretary Pompeo is going to be at the meeting, along with a few others that are very good at this. And we are going to see if we can do something. But I think it's more likely that the tariffs go on. And we'll probably be talking during the time that the tariffs are on and they're going to be paid. And if they don't step up and give us security for our nation -- look, millions of people are flowing through Mexico.

That's unacceptable. Millions and millions of people are coming right through Mexico. It's a 2,000-mile journey. And they're coming up to our border. And our Border Patrol, which is incredible -- they're apprehending them, but our laws are bad because the Democrats don't want to pass laws that could be passed in 15 minutes, that could be passed quickly.

In one day, it could change. But even beyond the laws, Mexico shouldn't allow millions of people to try and enter our country. And they could stop it very quickly, and I think they will. And if they won't, we're going to put tariffs on. And every month, those tariffs go from 5 percent, to 10 percent, to 15 percent, to 20, and then to 25 percent.

And what will happen then is all of those companies that have left our country and gone to Mexico are going to be coming back to us. And that's okay. That's okay. But I think Mexico will step up and do what they should have been done. And I don't want to hear that Mexico is run by the cartels and the drug lords and the coyotes.

I don't want to hear about that. A lot of people are saying that. Mexico has something to prove. But I don't want to hear that they're run by the cartels. You understand. You report on it all the time. A lot of people do. That would be a terrible thing. Mexico should step up and stop this onslaught, this invasion into our country, John.

Yeah. That's not such a -- I would have sued, but that's okay.  I would have sued and settled, maybe. But you never know. She's probably a better negotiator than I am . But you know what? She has got it, in a sense, John. That deal is teed up. I think that deal is really teed up. I think they have to do something.

And perhaps you won't be given the credit that you deserve if they do something, but I think you deserve a lot of credit. I really do. I think you deserve a lot of credit. Okay? Yes, John?

So, I know Boris. I like him. I've liked him for a long time. He's -- I think he'd do a very good job. I know Jeremy. I think he'd do a very good job. I don't know Michael. But would he do a good job -- Jeremy? Tell me.  Okay?

Good. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you. Thank you very much.