Thank you very much everyone. Thank you. Today, I'm very thrilled to welcome President Bolsonaro of Brazil for his first visit to the White House. President Bolsonaro, I want to congratulate you again on your tremendous election victory last October. It was an incredible feat and, really, a truly incredible challenge.

And the end result was something the whole world was talking about. I also know that we're going to have a fantastic working relationship. We have many views that are similar. And we certainly feel very, very true to each other on trade. I think Brazil's relationship with the United States, because of our friendship, is probably better than it's ever been by far.

I also want to congratulate you on your recovery from a truly horrible ordeal. It was an incredible recovery, and the people of your country know it. The great bravery you've shown -- tremendous bravery. For two centuries, the American and Brazilian people have been united by shared values, including an enduring love of faith and family and country.

The United States was the first nation to recognize Brazil's independence in 1822. And in the Second World War, Brazil was the only South American country to contribute troops to the Allied war effort. Today, the United States and Brazil are the two largest democracies and economies in the Western Hemisphere.

We're in close agreement on the incredible opportunities and continuing challenges facing our region. And we have a truly historic chance to forge even stronger ties between our two great nations. This afternoon, the President and I discussed many of our mutual priorities, including Venezuela. Brazil has been an extraordinary leader in supporting the Venezuelan people's efforts to reclaim their liberty and their democracy.

Brazil has helped so much. Along with the United States, Brazil was one of the first nations to recognize Venezuela's legitimate Interim President, Juan Guaidó. I also want to express our profound gratitude to President Bolsonaro and all the Brazilian people for their efforts to provide humanitarian aid.

We also thank you for allowing the United States to station extensive assistance and massive aid on the Brazilian border. The Brazilian people have been incredible. Together, we could -- and have been, really, very happy to feed thousands and thousands of starving Venezuelans. The Venezuelan people have appreciated it. And if the Maduro forces would step aside, it could be a truly great and successful humanitarian project.

We call on members of the Venezuelan military to end their support for Maduro, who is really nothing more than a Cuban puppet, and finally set their people free. The United States and Brazil are also united in support of the long-suffering people of Cuba and Nicaragua. The twilight hour of socialism has arrived in our hemisphere.

And hopefully, by the way, it's also arrived -- that twilight hour -- in our great country, which is doing better than it's ever done economically. The last thing we want in the United States is socialism. So, President Bolsonaro, I will tell you that we'll be consulting and talking a lot. We'll be working on all of our both problems and assets.

And we're making tremendous strides. We had a great meeting today. As I told President Bolsonaro, I also intend to designate Brazil as a "Major Non-NATO Ally," or even possibly, if you start thinking about it, maybe a NATO ally -- have to talk to a lot of people, but maybe a NATO ally -- which will greatly advance security and cooperation between our countries.

Our nations are already working together to protect our people from terrorism, transnational crime, and drugs and weapons trafficking. Also, human trafficking, which has really become something that has come to the forefront of crime. Horrible, horrible situation. We look forward to an even deeper partnership and working together.

In our meetings, we also discussed the strong economic ties between our nations, grounded in the principles of fairness and reciprocity. My favorite word: reciprocity. President Bolsonaro and I are both committed to reducing trade barriers, facilitating investment, and supporting innovation across a range of industries, particularly energy, infrastructure, agriculture, and technology.

The President's vision for freeing the private sector and opening the economy is the right way for Brazil to achieve strong economic growth. And our great companies are ready to go when that table is flat and free. To improve our business relationships, we have revived the U.S.-Brazil CEO Forum, and we have started a new U.S.-Brazil Energy Forum.

We welcome Brazil's aspirations to join Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, a laudable goal and one that will make Brazil's status as a developing and developed country. We also hope that all of us will be able to work together -- all nations. I'm also pleased to announce that after 20 years of talks, we are finalizing a Technology Safeguards Agreement to allow U.S. companies to conduct space launches from Brazil.

It's actually an incredible location when you study it and when you see it. We won't go into it now. But because of the location, tremendous amounts of money would be saved. To put it very simply: The flights are a lot shorter. Brazil's proximity to the equator makes it an ideal launch location. My administration is committed to reviving America's proud legacy in space.

We're looking very strongly, as you know, and working together with everybody on Space Force. And we are grateful for Brazil's partnership. Mr. President, thank you again for the honor of your visit today. A strong and thriving friendship between the United States and Brazil is essential to a future of security and prosperity for all of our citizens.

It's been a wonderful time getting to know you. You're doing a fantastic job. You've brought the country together. And I look forward to working with you in a very close relationship for many years to come. Thank you. Thank you very much. Mr. President, thank you very much.

So we'll take a couple of questions. Roberta Rampton, please. Roberta. Reuters. Thank you.

I'm not being told any specific time. They've been there a long time, between him and his predecessor. At some point, I would imagine things will change. But we really haven't done the really tough sanctions yet. We can do the tough sanctions. And all options are open, so we may be doing that. But we haven't done the toughest of sanctions, as you know.

We've done, I would say, right down the middle. But we can go a lot tougher if we need to do that. But it's a very sad thing, and we're not looking for anything other than taking care of a lot of people that are starving and dying in the streets. What's happening there is a disgrace. This was one of the wealthiest countries in the world, and all of a sudden it's just -- it's grief-stricken, poverty-stricken, no food, no water, no air conditioning, no anything.

No power for a long time last week. No power. And that's going to break down again because it's being held together by threads. So it's very sad, Roberta. Very sad to see. Okay?

Mr. President, yes.

So, as I said, all options are open. I think of all possibilities. All options are open. We'll see what happens. And, by the way, I see in the audience the son of the President who has been fantastic. Would you please stand up? The job you've done during a very tough period of time is just fantastic. And I know your father appreciates it, that I can tell you.

Okay? Thank you very much. Fantastic job. Saagar Enjeti, from Daily Caller. Saagar.

Thank you.

No, I wouldn't entertain that. The only reason that they're doing that is they want to try and catch up. So if they can't catch up through the ballot box by winning an election, they want to try doing it in a different way. No, we would have no interest in that whatsoever. It'll never happen. It won't happen -- I guarantee it won't happen for six years.

Well, we have to do something. I tell you, I have many, many millions of followers on Twitter. And it's different than it used to be. Things are happening, names are taken off, people aren't getting through. You've heard the same complaints. And it seems to be, if they're conservative, if they're Republicans, if they're in a certain group, there's discrimination and big discrimination.

I see it absolutely on Twitter and Facebook, which I have also, and others I see. But I really focus more on the one platform. And I have many different platforms. It's -- I guess we have 60 million -- almost 60 million on Twitter. And if you add them all up, it's way over 100 million people. And I get to see firsthand what's going on, and it's not good.

And we use the word "collusion" very loosely all the time. And I will tell you, there is collusion with respect to that, because something has to be going on. And when you get the back-scene, back-office statements made by executives of the various companies and you see the level of, in many cases, hatred they have for a certain group of people that happen to be in power, that happen to have won the election, you say that's really unfair.

So something is happening with those groups of folks that are running Facebook and Google and Twitter. And I do think we have to get to the bottom of it. It's very fair -- it's collusive, and it's very, very fair to say that we have to do something about it. And if we don't -- you know, the incredible thing is that we can win an election and we have such a stacked deck.

And that includes networks, frankly. You look at the networks, you look at the news, you look at the newscasts -- I call it "fake news." I'm very proud to hear the President use the term "fake news." But you look at what's happening with the networks. You look at what's happening with different shows.

And it's hard to believe we win. But, you know, I'll tell you what it really shows: The people are smart. The people get it. They'll go through all of that -- whatever it is they're fed -- and in the end, they pull the right lever. It's a very, very dangerous situation. So I think I agree. I think something has to be looked at very closely.

Thank you. I agree.

Mr. President, thank you very much.

Go ahead. You want to go?

You look like a very nice person.

Go ahead. Watch -- this will be the killer of all time. Watch.

We will be supporting -- we're going to have a great relationship in so many different ways. That's just a -- just something that we're going to be doing in honor of the President and in honor of Brazil. We will be asking for things but not necessarily having to do with that. I think we're just going to have a very fair relationship.

Okay?

Thank you.

Thank you very much, Mr. President. I appreciate it. Thank you very much. And thank you everybody. Thank you very much.

China is going -- China is going very well. Talks with China are going very well. Thank you everybody. Thank you.