Thank you very much.

Well, I want to thank you very much. And I think more importantly than anything, I wanted to come up here to say that, because the job that President Macron and your wife, by the way, who is a great lady, Brigitte. I would like to thank Brigitte. She has been spectacular. Spent a tremendous amount of time with Melania and some of the folks who came in, some of the wives that came in. And they had a great tour of the area.

And it's a beautiful area. But I want to thank you very much, Mr. President, for the incredible job you did. This is a truly successful G7. There was tremendous unity. It was great unity. Sometimes I'd read a little bit of false reporting. And I will tell you, there was -- in fact, we were -- we would have stayed for another hour.

Nobody wanted to leave. We were accomplishing a lot. But I think, more importantly, we were getting along very well -- seven countries. And it really was the G7. And you have been a spectacular leader on this. And I want to thank you and I want to thank the great country of France. Thank you very much.

And with that, I think --

Oh, excuse me. I was --  Go ahead. Let's go.

Okay.

If you'd like, we could two each, and then we both leave the room. Would you prefer that? Or would you prefer -- I just don't want to have the President of France standing here while I'm answering these absolutely wonderful questions. Okay?  So why don't we start with a question for France?

And Emmanuel is going to have his own press conference after this.

So, that will be fine. Go ahead. To France, John. To France.

No, I'm not. But --

Yeah.

We're getting there, John. We've just answered that. We're getting there.

Yes.

We'll see, John.

I do. I think they want to make a deal very badly. I think that was elevated last night, very late in the night. I see an alert -- or, as you would call it, "breaking news." And it was that the Vice Chairman -- we're not talking about somebody from China at a low level -- the Vice Chairman of China came out that he wants to see a deal made, he wants it to be made under calm conditions -- using the word "calm." I agree with him on that.

And China has taken a very hard hit over the last number of months. You know, they've lost 3 million jobs. It'll soon be much more than 3 million jobs. Their chain is breaking. A chain is breaking up like nobody has seen before. And once that happens, it's very hard to put it back together. You understand.

I think they very much want to make a deal. And the longer they wait, the harder it is to put it back, if it can be put back at all. So I believe they want to do a deal. The tariffs have hit them very hard in a fairly short period of time. The United States will have collected over $100 billion in tariffs.

And I say it again: The reporters failed to -- the media failed to acknowledge it. But if you look at the goods coming in from China -- we're talking about China, not other countries. If you look at the goods, they have a power that others don't have. But that power is only good for so long. They've manipulated their currency, they've devalued their currency, and they put a lot of cash into the system.

And because of that, the prices have not gone up. Or if they've gone up, it's been very little, because they want to keep people working. If the prices go up, they're not going to be able to keep people working; they're not going to be able to compete. It's a brilliant market. It's a brilliant, brilliant market, the world market.

A lot of markets are brilliant. And, frankly, I think that China cannot -- I don't know, maybe they can, maybe they can't. I don't think they can do that. And I think they're very smart. And I think President Xi is a great leader, who happens to be a brilliant man. And he can't lose 3 million jobs in a very short period of time.

And that's going to be magnified many times over. And it's going to break down the Chinese system of trade, and he can't do that. So when you say, "Do you think they want to?" Maybe they want to and maybe they don't. But I think they want to make a deal. I'm not sure they have a choice. And I don't say that as a threat.

I don't think they have a choice. In the meantime, the United States, which has never collected 10 cents from China, will, in a fairly short period of time, be over $100 billion in tariffs. So I think they want to make a deal very badly. Go ahead.

Iran is a country that is not the same country that it was two and a half years ago when I came into office. Iran was the number one state of terror throughout the world. There were 18 sites of confliction in my first week. When I spoke with the folks at the Pentagon, including lots of generals and lots of other military experts -- 18 sites of confliction, meaning, 18 sites of big problems.

Every one of them was backed by Iran, or, in some cases, actually using Iranian soldiers. But at a minimum, Iranian wealth -- much of it given in the ridiculous deal where they were given $150 billion, plus $1.8 billion in cash. And they used that money for some bad purposes. With that being said, I think that Iran is a country of tremendous potential.

We're not looking for leadership change. We're not looking for that kind of change. This country has been through that many times before. That doesn't work. We're looking for no nuclear weapons, no ballistic missiles, and a longer period of time. Very simple. We can have it done in a very short period of time.

And I really believe that Iran can be a very great nation. I'd like to see that happen. But they can't nuclear weapons. Okay? Thank you.

Excuse me?

If the circumstances were correct or right, I would certainly agree to that. But in the meantime, they have to be good players. You understand what that means. And they can't do what they were saying they're going to do because if they do that, they're going to be met with really very violent force.

We'd have no choice. So I think they're going to be good. I really think they'd like to. And, by the way, President Macron told me every step that he was making yesterday. A lot of you said, "Oh, he came in and -- " He told me long before he came in what was happening, what was -- I didn't think it was appropriate to meet yesterday.

Too soon, and things have to be worked out first. But President Macron told me exactly what was happening, who was coming, what time they were coming, where they were going to meet. And after the meeting, he told me exactly what happened. And I think he had a very positive meeting. Prime Minister Abe of Japan also a large purchaser of oil from Iran.

He was also very much involved. And, you know, look, he knows everybody there, so he was a very, very positive force. But I have to tell you the President has done an excellent job and we're going to see how it all turns out. Maybe it works, maybe it doesn't. I say it all the time about everything: Maybe it works and maybe it doesn't. But I'll tell you what, we made a ridiculous deal.

We gave them $150 billion. We gave them $1.8 billion, and we got nothing. We got nothing. And, by the way, that agreement was so short term that it expires in a very short period of time. With a country, you don't make a deal that short. Countries last for long times, and you don't do short-term deals, especially when you're paying that kind of money.

So I have -- I have good feelings about Iran. I have good feelings that it will work. I know many Iranians living in New York City. I have many friends from Iran. They're incredible people. Incredible people. So the last thing I'd like to see is a big problem. But we have to do what we have to do. Okay?

Go ahead, please. No. No, no. You first. Go ahead. Oh, no. Go ahead. Yes. Yes.

I have to say, the JCPOA was a bad deal. Should not have been entered into. A lot of things could have happened that would have been much different. They're allowed to test ballistic missiles. You're not allowed to go various sites to check, and some of those sites are the most obvious sites for the creation or the making of nuclear weapons.

And those things have to be changed, and other things have to be changed. And I will tell you, I have very good feelings about it. I think that we're going to do something. It may not be immediately, but I think, ultimately, we're going to do something. As I said, Iran is a much different country than it was two and a half years ago.

And we can get that back, and I'd encourage it. I actually had friends years ago -- many years ago -- they were in the real estate business and they were in Iran, and they were building houses and building housing and building office buildings and apartment houses. And they did very well. They made a lot of money.

And to this day, they're not exactly the youngest developers anymore, I tell you; they were young when they went over there. They made a lot of money and they loved the people and they loved what was going on. And it's a country with tremendous potential. I also say that, by the way, with respect to North Korea.

Kim Jong Un -- who I've gotten to know extremely well; the First Lady has gotten to know Kim Jong Un, and I think she'd agree with me -- he is a man with a country that has tremendous potential. You're in between China, Russia, and South Korea. People want to get to South Korea. They got to get there somehow.

And if they're going to do anything other than essentially fly, they want to go through. So, railroads and everything else. So many things want to happen there. I think that North Korea has tremendous economic potential. And I think that Kim Jong Un sees that he would be the leader, and I think he sees the tremendous potential that it's got.

With respect to Iran, same thing. Iran has incredible people and incredible country, potentially. Location, that's a little rough neighborhood, but eventually it's going to be a beautiful neighborhood. I think that it's going to be -- I think it's going to work out. And I really believe that those countries that went into the original deal -- that more and more are agreeing with what I did -- but I think those countries are going to be saying "thank you" someday.

I hope they're going to be saying it, including France, including the President, because I think we did the right thing. I know we did the right thing. If for no other reason, it's just too short. It's almost expiring, if you think about it. And somebody said, "Well you'll go and make an extension." No. No. They're great negotiators.

Look at what they did to get the deal. Look at what they did to John Kerry and to President Obama. Look what happened where they're bringing plane loads of cash. Plane loads. Big planes -- 757s. Boeing 757s coming in, loaded up with cash. What kind of a deal is that? So I think a lot of good things are going to happen.

And I just want to say this, because I've spoken a lot with the President this last two and a half days: We've never had a better relationship. We had a lunch that lasted for quite a while that many of you got to see. It was the two of us. No staff. No anything. He wasn't trying to impress his people.

I wasn't trying to impress his people. We were just trying to impress each other. And I'll tell you what: It was the best period of time we've ever had, and we accomplished a lot. I don't mean just, "Gee whiz, wasn't that nice?" He's a very capable man. He's doing a great job for France.

He did an incredible job for the G7. And I just want to thank you. And you go ahead to your news conference. And very special. This was a very special, very unified two and a half days, and I want to thank you for it. Thank you.

I can confirm that the First Lady loved your French wine, okay?  All right? She loved your French wine. So, thank you very much. That's fine.

Thank you. Good job.  She's worse than you are. I can't believe it. Jonathon.

Thank you. Please sit down.

Thank you very much.

Only if it's a fair deal and a good deal for the United States. Otherwise, I will not make a deal. We have billions and billions coming in. And I think we're going to get there. I do. I believe it more strongly now than I would have believed it a while ago. We're going to get there. And we're going to have a really -- we're going to have a fair deal.

But remember this: When you say "fair," China has been taking, out of this country, five hundred-plus billion dollars a year for many, many years. Many, many years. It was time to stop. As a private person, I used to talk about it. It's one of the reasons I'm President. And we're in a great position.

Our country is doing well. Our unemployment numbers are the lowest they've been in over 50 years. Our unemployment numbers for African American -- African American, Asian, for Hispanic are the best they've ever been. Historic numbers. We're in a very strong position. Our consumers are strong. Walmart just announced numbers that were, I mean, mindboggling numbers.

It's a great poll right there, and it's the ultimate poll, how the retailer is doing and how are certain -- certain companies doing. So we're doing very well. And I think that -- I think we're going to make a deal with China. And I think we'll probably, eventually, we're going to make a deal with Iran too.

It's not a question of behavior. I think they want to make a deal, and I think they should make a deal. And I think if they don't make a deal, it's going to be very bad for China. And I very much appreciate the fact that they came out last night -- very late last night -- and they said, you know, they want to make a deal.

They want it to be under calm circumstances. It was a little different kind of a statement. I thought it was a beautiful statement. I thought it indicated a lot. Go ahead.

Here we go.

One question. Go ahead.

No, no, no.

One question.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Well, I'll tell you what: I've spent -- and I think I will, in a combination of loss and opportunity, probably it'll cost me anywhere from $3- to $5 billion to be President. And the only thing I care about is this country. Couldn't care less. Otherwise, I wouldn't have done it. People have asked me, "What do you think it costs?" And between opportunity, not doing -- I used to get a lot of money to make speeches.

Now I give speeches all the time. You know what I get? Zippo. And that's good. And I did a lot of great jobs and great deals that I don't do anymore. And I don't want to do them because the deals I'm making are great deals for the country. And that's, to me, much more important. Doral happens to be within Miami.

It's a city. It's a wonderful place. It's a very, very successful area of Florida. It's, very importantly, only five minutes from the airport; the airport is right next door. It's a big international airport, one of the biggest in the world. Everybody that's coming -- all of these people with all of their big entourages come.

It's set up so -- and, by the way, my people looked at 12 sites. All good, but some were two hours from an airport. Some were four hours from -- I mean, they were so far away. Some didn't allow this, or they didn't allow that. With Doral, we have a series of magnificent buildings; we call them bungalows.

They each hold from 50 to 70 very luxurious rooms with magnificent views. We have incredible conference rooms, incredible restaurants. It's like -- it's like such a natural -- we wouldn't even have to do the work that they did here. And they've done a beautiful job. They've really done a beautiful job. And what we have also is Miami.

And we have many hundreds of acres, so that in terms of parking, in terms of all of the things that you need, the ballrooms are among the biggest in Florida and the best. It's brand new. And they want -- my people wanted it. From my standpoint, I'm not going to make any money. In my opinion, I'm not going to make any money.

I don't want to make money. I don't care about making money. If I wanted to make money, I wouldn't worry about $3 billion to $5 billion. Because that's what -- I mean, at some point, I'm going to detail that and will show. But I think it's just a great place to be. I think having it in Miami is fantastic.

Really fantastic. Having it at that particular place, because of the way it's set up, each country can have their own villa, or their own bungalow. And the bungalows, when I say, they have a lot of units in them. So I think it just works out well. And when my people came back, they took tours, they went to different places.

I won't mention places, but you'll have a list because they're going to give a presentation on it fairly soon. They went to places all over the country. And they came back and they said, "This is where we'd like it to be." Now, we had military people doing it. We had Secret Service people doing it. We had people that really understand what it's about.

It's not about me, it's about getting the right location. I think it's very important. Jonathan?

No. Not at all. Go ahead, Jonathan.

It does.

Well, it does. I don't know the gentleman. I think that -- I think I know him a little bit just by watching over the last number of years what's happened. I'll tell you one thing: He's a great negotiator. But he -- I think he's going to want to meet. I think Iran wants to get this situation straightened out.

Now, is that based on fact or based on gut? That's based on gut. But they want to get their situation straightened out, Jonathan. And they're really hurting badly. Their inflation, as you know, because I saw you reporting on it, their inflation is through the roof. Their economy has tanked entirely. The sanctions are absolutely hurting them horribly.

I don't want to see that. I don't want to see that. They're great people. I don't want to see that. But we can't let them have a nuclear weapon. Can't let it happen. So I think that there's a really good chance that we would meet. Jeff, please.

No.

No. What he's talking, in terms of compensation, is they are out of money. And they meet -- may need a short-term letter of credit or loan. No, we're not paying. We don't pay. But they may need some money to get them over a very rough patch. And if they do need money, certainly -- and would be secured by oil, which means -- it means great security.

And they have a lot of oil. But it's secured bail. So we're really talking about a letter of credit-type facility.

It would be from numerous countries. Numerous countries. And it comes back. It would be -- it would expire. It would be paid back immediately and very quickly. Yes. Go ahead. Please. Go ahead. Yes.

Good.

Good. Just left your Prime Minister, Abe. Good man. Great man.

And for Japan, I would say.

Not at this moment, no. Not at this moment. Well, it's one of the reasons we made the deal. But no, not at this moment. It's something I could do at a later date if I wanted to, but we're not looking at that. We just want to be treated fairly. You know, Japan has had a tremendous trade surplus with the United States for many, many years -- long before I came here.

And I'll tell you something: We're transforming our country. We're taking these horrible, one-sided, foolish, very dumb, stupid -- if you'd like to use that word, because it's so descriptive. We're taking these trade deals that are so bad, and we we're making good, solid deals out of them. And that's transforming our country.

That's -- that will be transformative and very exciting, I think, for our country. Very, very exciting. Please, go ahead. Go ahead.

Well, I didn't actually say you, I said the woman behind you. So, why don't we do her first? You've been asking a lot of questions all day long.

Don't say I don't give you access, right?  Go ahead.

Yes.

I don't care politically. I really don't. A lot of people don't understand this. I ran one election, and I won. It happened to be for President. I don't care politically. I'm going to run another election. I think I'm winning based on polls that we see. Whether I win or not, I have to do the right thing.

So I don't do things for political reasons. Is it good? Probably not. Maybe it is. I mean, a lot of people are smart. A lot of people say having Russia -- which is a power -- having them inside the room is better than having them outside the room. By the way, there were numerous people during the G7 that felt that way.

And we didn't take a vote or anything, but we did discuss it. My inclination is to say, "Yes, they should be in." They were -- really, it was a President Obama -- I'm not blaming him, but a lot of bad things happened with President Putin and President Obama. One of the things that happened was, as you know, what happened in -- with a very big area -- a very, very big and important area in the Middle East, where the red line was drawn and then President Obama decided that he was not going to do anything about it. You can't draw red lines in the sand.

You just can't do it. And the other was in Ukraine having to do with a certain section of Ukraine that you know very well, where it was sort of taken away from President Obama. Not taken away from President Trump; taken away from President Obama. President Obama was not happy that this happened because it was embarrassing to him.

Right? It was very embarrassing to him. And he wanted Russia to be out of the -- what was called the "G8." And that was his determination. He was outsmarted by Putin. He was outsmarted. President Putin outsmarted President Obama.

Wait a minute. And I can understand how President Obama would feel. He wasn't happy. And they're not in for that reason. Now, I'm only thinking about the world and I'm thinking about this country in terms of the G7 -- whether it's G7, G8. I think it would be better to have Russia inside the tent than outside the tent.

Do we live either way? Yes, we live either way. Is it politically popular for me to say that? Possibly not. I think a lot of people would agree with me, frankly, but possibly not. I do nothing for politics. I know a lot of you aren't going to -- you're going to smile at that. I do nothing for politics.

I do what's right, and people like what I do. And -- but I just do what's right. If I wanted to go strictly by politics, I'd probably poll that and possibly I'd say, "Oh, gee, I don't want -- I don't want Russia in." But I really think it's good for the security of the world. It's good for the economics of the world.

Remember, they're building a big pipeline in Europe, going right up to Germany. And I said to Angela -- who I have a great relationship -- but I said, "You know, you pay Russia billions of dollars and then we defend you from Russia." And I say, "How does that work?"

Well, he did.

Well, it was annexed during President -- I know you like President Obama, but it was annexed during President Obama's term. If it was annexed during my term, I'd say, "Sorry, folks, I made a mistake." Or, "Sorry, folks." President Obama was helping Ukraine. Crimea was annexed during his term.

Now, it's a very big area, a very important area. Russia has its submarine -- that's where they do their submarine work, and that's where they dock large and powerful submarines. But not as powerful as ours and not as large as ours. But they have their submarines. And President Obama was, pure and simply, outsmarted.

They took Crimea during his term. That was not a good thing. It could have been stopped. It could have been stopped with the right -- whatever. It could have been stopped. But President Obama was unable to stop it, and it's too bad. Go ahead.

Well, I don't know that he'd accept. And those are tough circumstances. He was a part of G8, and all of a sudden, he's not out -- or he's not in. So I think, John, actually, that's a pretty tough thing for him. You know, he's a proud person. Would I invite him? I would certainly invite him. Whether or not he could come -- psychologically, I think that's a tough thing for him to do. You have a G8, now it's a G7, and you invite the person that was thrown out, really by President Obama and really because he got outsmarted.

President Obama, pure and simple. And don't forget: It was not just Crimea; it was the red line in the sand. And Obama said, "Never violate the red line in the sand." And then they went ahead and they killed many children with gas. It was terrible. And he did nothing about it. I did, but I was there years later.

I did something about it, but I was there late. Go ahead.

Well, we've had many calls. Secretary Mnuchin is here, and you've had many calls over the last 24 hours but certainly over the last 48 hours. We've had many calls, not just one. This isn't one. And these are high-level calls. They want to make a deal. And, by the way, I think a deal is going to be made.

But they want to make a deal.

The Chinese are not saying that.

Excuse me, let me explain something. The Vice Chairman of China -- do you get higher than that, other than President Xi? The Vice President -- the Vice Chairman -- it's like the Vice President. The Vice Chairman made the statement that he wants to make a deal, that he wants to see a calm atmosphere. He wants it all to happen.

That says it there. I don't have to talk about -- you know, you folks were reporting before, "Well, we can't find any phone call." He released a statement. I didn't release it. He released a statement.

Numerous calls.

And not only with Steve; there were calls with other people too. Just so you understand: China wants to make a deal. Now, whether or not we make a deal -- it's got to be a great deal for us. You know -- and I told this to President Xi, who I really respect. I really do. I have great respect and I like him too.

And he's a tough guy, but I have a lot of feeling for President Xi. He's very outstanding in so many ways. But I told him very strongly -- I said, "Look, you're starting up here and you're making $500 billion a year and stealing our intellectual property. We're down on the floor -- lower than the floor.

You can't make a 50/50 deal. This has to be a deal that's better for us. And if it's not better, let's not do business together." I don't want to do business. Forget about tariffs for a second. We're taking in tremendous amounts of money. Forget that. I don't want to do business. Now, when I raise and he raises, I raise and he raises, we can never catch up. We have to balance our trading relationship at least to an extent.

And they were unwilling to do that, and we'll never have a deal if that happens. But it's going to happen because they have to have a deal. And as far as phone calls are concerned, Secretary of the Treasury and other people have been receiving many calls -- not receiving -- back and forth, many calls.

China wants to make a deal. And if we can, if we will make a deal. We'll see. Go ahead.

Yeah.

You're talking about global economic instability?

I don't consider it instability. But that's --

Sorry. It's the way I negotiate.

Yeah.

No, no, no.

It's the way I negotiate. It's done very well for me over the years, and it's doing even better for the country. I think --

And I do think -- and I do think that -- look, here's the story: I have people say, "Oh, just make a deal. Make a deal." They don't have the guts and they don't have the wisdom to know that you can't continue to go on where a country is taking 500 billion -- not million -- 500 billion, with a "B" -- out every single year.

Five hundred billion dollars. You just can't do that. Somebody had to do this. This should have been done by President Obama. It should have been done -- and Biden, Sleepy Joe. It should have been done by other people. It should have been done by Bush. It should have been done by Clinton. Double Bush. It should have been done.

I'm doing it. Let me tell you something else: North Korea should've been done a long time ago. I'm doing it. I'm doing a lot of things that I shouldn't have to be doing. Please. Go ahead, please.

Yes.

I believe that.

Well, Theresa wasn't able to do the deal. I gave her my ideas as to doing the deal very early on, and you possibly know what they are, but I would've done that. She chose to do it her way, and that didn't work out so well. I think she's a very, very good person and a good woman. And I really believe that Boris Johnson will be a great Prime Minister.

You know, we like each other, and we had a great two and a half days. I've been waiting for him to be Prime Minister for about six years. I told him, "What took you so long?" I think he's going to be a great Prime Minister, especially after spending a lot of intense time with him over the last couple of days.

He's really a -- he's very smart and he's very strong. And he's very enthusiastic. And you know what else? He loves your country. He really loves your country. That came out, maybe, more than anything else. Yeah, please.

No. No. No. I love the UK. I own great property in the UK. I love the UK. I have no idea how my property is doing because I don't care. But I own Turnberry, and I own in Aberdeen, and I own in Ireland, as you know --Doonbeg -- and great stuff. And I'll be honest with you: I think -- I think he's going to just do a great job as Prime Minister.

You know, it takes a lot. It's so many different elements to being a great Prime Minister. And you needed him. I just think his time is right. This is the right time for Boris. This is the right time for Boris. Yeah, please. Go ahead. Go ahead. Right here. Say who you're with, please, sir.

Right.

I think we're going to have just -- look, France is a great nation. It's being run. A lot of things are happening. You know, it's not easy what he's doing. He's changing certain ways. It's a very hard thing to do. I won't get into it. I'm going to let him sell his ideas. But a lot of people don't disagree with his ideas.

But it's a very hard thing to do if you're a great citizen of France. You love your country, but you want to do the way you've been doing it for a long time. But maybe that's not working. And maybe they have to do what he has to do. I think he's going to do a fantastic job. But it's very tough for him.

I know how tough it is for him. He's been having a hard time. And nobody would have any easy time. But I do believe he is doing the right thing. Boris is different. It's a different kind of a deal. Boris has to try and do something with Brexit. It's very tough. I deal with the EU. The EU is -- it's a very, very strong group of people.

They have their ideas, and they're not easy to deal with, I will tell you. We've very close to making a deal, by the way, with the EU. I have to say this. We made a great deal with Japan. And we're very close to maybe making a deal with the EU. Because they don't want tariffs; it's very simple. They don't want to tax cars.

Mercedes Benz, BMW -- they don't need a 20 percent or a 25 percent tax. But we're very close. I think we're going to make a deal with the EU without having to go that route. I may have to go that route, but maybe not. We're going to have a deal -- a really fair deal. But the EU is another one. We've been losing $180 billion a year for many years.

That's a lot of money. How much can you take out of the piggy bank, right?

Both. I don't want to say which. Look, I think that -- I think that the -- I think we have been with, I guess you would start off by saying, "England." Right? You know, I ask Boris, "Where's England? What's happening with England?" They don't use it too much anymore. We talked about it. It was very interesting.

But the United Kingdom is a great, incredible place. It's an incredible nation. And it's, you know, been one of our tremendous allies. And another one happens to be Australia. He was here also -- Scott. He is fantastic. In fact, we're honoring him and Australia at the White House in a very short period of time.

But I think that -- excuse me?

At some point, I will. Yeah.

At some point, I will. Also, Germany. Angela asked me to visit Germany. We're going to be doing that too. So I just think they're very different. And they're going to be going at it for a little while. But ultimately, probably, it works out. They may have to get out. They may not make a deal. The European Union is very tough to make deals with.

Very, very tough. Just ask Theresa May. Go ahead.

They understand that.

Well, we actually had a very good meeting. I had it out with one or two people where we disagreed in terms of concept. But we actually had a pretty good meeting last year. I would say that this was a big step above, in terms of unity, in terms of agreement. And we have really great agreement on a lot of very important subjects.

But last year was good also. I mean, last year was good also. I think last year might've been a little bit underrated, you know. Go ahead. Please.

Oh, we're going to do something hopefully special. We're going to build on what we have now. We've built on something really good. And we're going to be going in with some great unity. We really did. If there was any word for this particular meeting of seven very important countries it was "unity." I think, most important of all, we got along great.

We got along great. Go ahead.

No, I didn't say it. He did.

Yeah.

Yes.

That was an easy answer.

Absolutely. Great respect for China. Great respect for the leadership of China. Absolutely.

I haven't said that, but I think that having President Putin in what was the G8 -- he was a member of the G8, and I heard he was a good member of the G8. Having him in, I think, is more of an advantage. I think it's a positive for the world. I think it's a positive for Russia. I think it's a big positive for Russia.

And it's something the group is discussing. They are discussing it.

People feel very much like me. Many people.

Well, you know, we'll see. I know one thing: If they were invited back I think they'd be there. If they weren't, that's okay too. I just think they'd be better inside than outside. I mean, as I said before, I really do; I think they'd be an asset. I think it would be a good thing. You know, some of the things -- we were going in the room, and yesterday, in particular, we were discussing four or five matters.

And Russia was literally involved in all of those four or five matters. And a few of the people looked up and said, you know, "Why aren't they here talking to us about it?" And we go, "What are we going to do now? Go home? Take it easy for a day?" Although, I'm not doing that. I don't take it easy. But what are we going to do? We're going to go home and start calling them at the end of the week and say, "Hey, how about this?" They could've been in the room.

We had numerous things that we were discussing. Right? Numerous. We had a lot of things that we were discussing, and it would've been very easy if Russia was in the room. If he was in the room, we could've solved those things. Now they're just in limbo. But I have to say, with all of that, very little in limbo.

But somebody will speak to him about some things, and, frankly, they're not very complicated. But it would be easier if they were in the room. Okay?

Josh, go ahead. Josh.

I feel that the United States has tremendous wealth. The wealth is under its feet. I've made that wealth come alive. We will soon be one of the -- we will soon be exporting. In fact, we're actually doing it now -- exporting. But we are now the number one energy producer in the world. And soon, it will be by far, with a couple of pipelines that have not been able to get approved for many, many years.

It'll have a huge impact. I was able to get ANWR in Alaska. It could be the largest site in the world for oil and gas. I was able to get ANWR approved. Ronald Reagan wasn't able to do it. Nobody was able to do it. They've been trying to do it since before Ronald Reagan. I got it approved. We're the number one energy producer in the world.

Soon it will be, by far, the number one. It's tremendous wealth. And LNG is being sought after all over Europe and all over the world, and we have more of it than anybody else. And I'm not going to lose that wealth. I'm not going lose it on dreams, on windmills -- which, frankly, aren't working too well.

I'm not going to lose it. So, Josh, in a nutshell, I want the cleanest water on Earth. I want the cleanest air on Earth. And that's what we're doing. And I'm an environmentalist. A lot of people don't understand that. I have done more environmental impact statements, probably, than anybody that's -- I guess I can say definitely, because I have done many, many, many of them.

More than anybody that's ever been President or Vice President or anything even close to President. And I think I know more about the environment than most people. I want clean air. I want clean water. I want a wealthy country. I want a spectacular country with jobs, with pensions, with so many things.

And that's what we're getting. So I want to be very careful. At the same time --

At the same time -- at the same time -- you weren't called. At the same time, it's very important to me -- very important to me -- we have to maintain this incredible -- this incredible place that we've all built. We've become a much richer country. And that's a good thing, not a bad thing -- because that great wealth allows us to take care of people.

We can take care of people that we couldn't have taken care of in the past because of the great wealth. We can't let that wealth be taken away. Clean air, clean water. Thank you very much everybody. I appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you very much.