Well, thank you very much. Please. We had a spectacular morning and it's an honor being with the Prime Minister and Mrs. Morrison. Thank you very much. Australia is a fantastic country and a brilliant ally. We just spent a lot of time together with our representatives, and they get along very well and we're doing a lot of deals.

And we talked military. We talked trade. We talked about everything you can talk about. And we came to the same conclusion, I think, in every case. But I just want to say it's an honor having both of you here. Thank you very much. You have a truly great country and I don't think we've ever had a better relationship than we have right now.

And tonight we're going to have something very special in the Rose Garden. And based on all of that money we spend on all of that weather-predicting equipment, they're saying, "No chance of rain."  Let's see if that's right. If it is, we'll run right back into this room.  But we're going to have a fantastic evening.

And, First Lady, thank you very much. You worked very hard on this. So it's not going to rain. It's going to be a beautiful evening. And great job. Really great job, honey. Thank you. Please, Scott.

Well, thank you very much, Scott. It's a great honor. Go ahead. Please.

No.

We're looking for a complete deal. I'm not looking for a partial deal. China has been starting to buy our agricultural product. If you noticed over the last week -- and actually, some very big purchases. But that's not what I'm looking for; we're looking for the big deal. We've taken it to this level.

We're taking in billions and billions of dollars of tariffs. China has devalued their currency and they're putting out a lot of money into their curren- -- into their -- into their economy. And they have a very bad economy right now and I don't want them to have a bad economy. But it's the worst in, they say, 57 years.

Two weeks ago, it was the worst in 22 years. Now it's 57 years, and it's only going to get worse. Their supply chain is being broken up very badly. And companies are leaving because they can't pay the 25 -- soon to go to 30 -- percent tariff. And we have 30 percent very shortly on $250 billion. We have another tariff at a slightly smaller number, as you know, on other -- on about 300 billion dollars' worth of goods and products.

So they would like to do something. As you know, we're talking a little bit this week, talking a lot next week. And then top people are going to be speaking the week following. But I'm not looking for a partial deal; I'm looking for a complete deal.

No. I don't think I need it before the election. I think people know that we're doing a great job. I've rebuilt the military. We've -- Scott and I were talking about that. We spent one and half trillion dollars. When I came in, our million was depleted. Frankly, we didn't have ammunition, okay?

But our military was in very bad shape. We've rebuilt the military. We've got one of the strongest economies. Mike Pence, actually, got some -- who is right here. Our great Vice President. He was talking yesterday and he called me. He says, "Boy, these numbers -- these consumer numbers are incredible." The retail numbers that came out two days ago, that really weren't reported, were really -- I mean, just incredible numbers.

You know that very well. That's your world. And some other numbers. We're doing very well. Our economy is very strong. And China is being affected very badly. We're not -- we're not being affected. In fact, we're taking in many billions of dollars. And China is eating that. You know, China is eating the tariffs because of the devaluation.

Now that doesn't happen with all countries. China is China, and they know what they're doing as well as anybody. My relationship with President Xi is a very amazing one -- very good one. But we have, right now, a little spat. But I think we're doing very well. Our country is doing well. You look at so many different things.

Look at all of the regulation cutting that allows us to do what we did. Look at what happened three days ago -- where you have an attack like that and it takes out a big chunk of oil, and the prices go up $4, $5, and now it's heading down rapidly. That tells you -- that would have happened years ago, it would have gone up $50. It would've doubled.

And this was a blip. So it's been really amazing what we've been able to do. I think the voters understand that. I don't think it has any impact on the election. Now, if something happened, I think that would probably be a positive for the election, but that's okay. I do think signing USMCA on a bipartisan basis with Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer and everybody else -- very bipartisan -- I think that's very important for our country.

And I would certainly be willing to say that's a bipartisan deal. But I think that's very important for our manufacturers, for our farmers. Even for unions, they want that deal done. And so hopefully that's going to be put up to a vote very soon. There'll be very little cajoling of the Democrats because most Democrats want it too.

But the USMCA is ready to be voted on. It's finished. Mexico has taken their final votes. Canada is willing to do that any time we want them too. They're all set to go. And we need that for all of the -- we need that for our country. It's a great deal. It's a great deal. Thank you.

And we could do, Scott, a very big deal with China and it could go very quickly, as you know. But it wouldn't be the appropriate deal. We have to do it right. And that's a very complicated deal, with intellectual property protection. We have to do that and other things. I could leave lots out and have a deal very quickly, but we want to do it right.

Please.

I assume Andrew is a nice person?  That's why you chose him?

Well, first of all, you know, I look at numbers. I love numbers. And the numbers of Australia are doing incredibly well. You're doing unbelievably well. When we have a deal with China -- or not -- but when we have a deal with China -- because they want to make it perhaps more than I want to make it. Because I actually love all the billions of dollars that's pouring into our Treasury.

Billions and billions of dollars. We've never seen that before from China. It's always been the other way. But when -- and I'm taking care of our farmers out of that. We're helping our farmers. Our farmers were targeted, and they were targeted for $16 billion. And I made that up to them. We paid them the $16 billion and had tens of billions of dollars left over.

So, I will say, though, that Australia is doing very well. If we do end up doing a deal, Australia will do even better. And we were discussing that. But Australia will be one of the big beneficiaries of a deal. And, in the meantime, as you know, I did tariff relief, with respect to a certain product in particular coming out of Australia.

And that's something that we wouldn't do for anybody else. This has been a truly great ally and we work very well together. But your numbers are absolutely fantastic. Your economy is strong like ours. And I think we're two real examples of two countries doing extremely well. Some countries aren't doing so well.

Europe is not doing well. Asia is not doing -- large parts of Asia are not doing well. China is not doing well. Please.

And Australia has really been so focused on the economy. They do minerals. They have incredible wealth in minerals and coal and other things. And they are really at the leading edge of coal technology. It's clean coal. We call it "clean coal," but it's also great for the workers. And things that would happen to -- because it was very dangerous years ago, and very bad for a lot of people.

And you've rectified that 100 percent. It's incredible. I looked at your statistics the other day and coal miners are very, very safe in Australia. It's incredible what you've done. In fact, we're looking at what you've done. But so --

So I want to -- I want to congrat- -- we'll do a deal. We'll make a deal. Yeah. Go ahead. Please.

Yes.

Well, these are the strongest sanctions ever put on a country. We are at a level of sanction that is far greater than ever before with respect to Iran. Today, we did Central Bank, as you know. And we'll see. We'll see. They're having a lot of problems, not only with us; they're having problems within their own country.

And I think they have a lot of self-made problems. We are, by far, the strongest military in the world. Going into Iran would be a very easy decision. As I said before, it'd be very easy. The easiest thing. Most people thought I would go in within two seconds, but plenty of time. Plenty of time. In the meantime, they have a lot of problems within Iran.

Iran could be a great country, could be a rich country. But they are choosing to go a different way. There'll be a point at which they'll be very sorry for that choice. But I think I'm showing great restraint. A lot of people respect it; some people don't. Some people say, "Oh, you should go in immediately." And other people are so thrilled at what I'm doing.

And I don't do it for anybody; I do it for what's good for the United States, what's good for our allies. And it's working out really, very well. As far as Robert is concerned, he's -- Robert, maybe you could stand up? Robert O'Brien is done a fantastic job for us with hostage negotiations. I think we can say that there has never been anybody that has done better than you and I as a combination.

We've brought many people home, and we brought them home quickly. Speed is a very important thing, I find, with hostages. It's -- it's really something. I had dinner the other night with the Warmbier family, an incredible family -- the whole family and some of Otto's friends, in addition to the family. We had 25 people over on Saturday night.

And we did that dinner in Otto -- really, in Otto's honor. And it was a beautiful thing. It was a beautiful thing. The First Lady and I, it was very -- you know, it was very touching and really very beautiful. We talked about Otto. And I will tell you that people should have moved faster. And Robert and I were talking about that.

Should have moved faster. He was there for a long time. You got to move fast. With hostages, you have to move fast. All of a sudden, it gets very hard for the other side to do anything. And sometimes, it's just too late. In the case of Otto, it was very late. We got him home, but he was in horrible, horrible condition.

What happened to him was actually incredible and just horrible. But you have to move fast. Robert and I have been really successful. And the reason I know him so well -- I actually work hard on hostages, I think he would say. I think most Presidents wouldn't do that, but I do. These a great -- I guess, in almost all cases -- American lives.

And we help other people, also. We've also helped other countries with their hostage situation, where we have some strength that they don't. But these are great people. And we get them home. We got them home from North Korea, as you know. And we got them home from a lot of different locations. Egypt -- we got them home.

We got them home from many different locations. Turkey. President Erdoğan was very good. And we got a hostage home. Our great pastor, who everyone in this room knows and loves. But we've had tremendous success. And what's surprised me, I didn't know too many people knew Robert. And when it came time to pick somebody for the position -- it's a very critical time -- I had so many people -- I shouldn't say this in front of Robert, he'll be embarrassed, but I had so many people that called me and they recommended Robert O'Brien.

So I think he's going to do a great job. And he was here -- I can tell you this -- he started about 12 minutes after he was chosen. He sat in with us. And he's very much involved now on what we're doing.

Well, I don't want to talk about that, but I will say I think the sanctions work. And the military would work, but that's a very severe form of winning. But we win. Nobody can beat us, militarily. Nobody can even come close. What we've done for our military in the last three years is incredible. All made in the USA, by the way.

And it's really incredible. Our nuclear was getting very tired. They hadn't spent the money on it. And now we have it have it in, as we would say, "tippy-top shape." Tippy-top. It's -- we have new and we have renovated and it's -- it's incredible. And we all should pray that we never have to use it. We should never have to use it. And our military itself is in phenomenal shape.

And we have a great gentleman, as you know, going to be taking over Joint Chiefs of Staff. Joe Dunford has been fantastic. He's a great, great man and a friend of mine. But General Milley is going to be taking over. And it's going to be -- we're going to have a little bit of a celebration, both for Joe and for Mark -- for everybody.

And, you know -- as you know, our Secretary of Defense has just come in, Mark Esper. And he's been here for a short period of time, but he's got tremendous energy. He's got it. He knows -- he's knows it. That's what he's been doing for a long period of time -- from the day he graduated, or maybe I should say from the day he started at West Point, where he was a top, top scholar, et cetera.

So, we have a -- we have incredible people. And Steve Mnuchin is here. We did the sanctions today and I think they're probably, Steve, the strongest that have ever been put on a country. We will certainly never do that to Australia, I promise you.

And one of the things -- important, I think -- is during our meeting, we discussed, I said, "What percentage of our -- of your military do you buy from us?" And it's -- the answer was, "We work it together" --

-- "or it's about 100 percent."

It's close to 100 percent. And we make the best equipment. He understands that. But it's a real relationship. They buy 100 percent of their military -- and it's a massive purchase. And it's gotten bigger. I guess, you said the biggest purchase since World War Two.

So we didn't --

Yeah.

Hold it one second. You'll get a second crack. You'll get a -- you'll get a shot at your Prime Minister.  I'm sure you're looking forward to it. We didn't discuss too much Iran. We discussed more trade, more China. We discussed Afghanistan, where Australia is helping us. And we're slowing reducing in Afghanistan, as people know.

We've been very effective in Afghanistan. And if we wanted to do a certain method of war, we would win that very quickly. But many, many -- really, tens of millions of people would be killed. And we think it's unnecessary. But they've been -- Australia has been a great help to us in Afghanistan. But we're reducing in Afghanistan.

We're reducing in Syria, where we had -- you know, we've taken over 100 percent of the caliphate. We have 100 percent. When I came in, it was smaller, but it was a mess. It was all over. And now it's -- it's in a position. And I won't repeat what I said before, with the prisoners, but we have thousands of ISIS fighters from our work in capturing 100 percent of the caliphate.

And we're asking the countries from where they came -- whether it's Germany, or France, or other countries -- to take those people back, put them on trial, do what they have to do with them. But the United States will not keep thousands and thousands of people for the next possibly 50 years of whatever it may be. It's going to be up to those countries.

We did them a big favor. We went in. We took them down. The ISIS fighters, in the end, weren't very good fighters against the United States. But we have thousands of them and we want them to be taken over by Germany, France, and all of those countries from where they came. Okay.

Well, thank you very much. And, Jennifer, thank you very much. Your First Lady, thank you. And I hope you're going to be able to see tonight -- to the media -- because really it's going to be a beautiful evening in honor of Australia and the Morrisons. Thank you very much.

Thank you. Thank you.