Thank you very much. Please. Today, Melania and I are honored to welcome President Duda and Mrs. Kornhauser-Duda of Poland back to the White House. They've become friends. We last hosted them in Washington, in September, and it's wonderful to see you both again. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.

Great honor. Since our last meeting, the unbreakable bonds between the United States and Poland have grown even closer. This year, as our nations mark 100 years of diplomatic relations, the U.S.-Polish alliance is stronger, by far, than ever before. Earlier today, President Duda and I signed a joint declaration affirming the significant defense cooperation between our nations.

And, as the declaration makes clear, the United States and Poland are not only bound by a strategic partnership, but by deep, common values, shared goals, and a very strong and abiding friendship. Our people are united by the enduring ties of civilization, culture, and history. We respect the rule of law, revere individual rights, and prize our timeless traditions.

We embrace country, faith, family, and freedom. Over the past century, brave American and Polish patriots have repeatedly stood together to defend our sovereignty, our liberty, and our noble way of life. When I was last in Poland, I was very proud to stand among veterans of the Warsaw Uprising and recall their incredible courage in the face of Nazi tyranny.

Today, we honor the sacrifices of all those who came before by doing our part to safeguard our independence and strengthen the incredible U.S.-Polish alliance. As stated in the joint declaration, the United States and Poland continue to enhance our security cooperation. Poland will still provide basing and infrastructure to support military presence of about 1,000 American troops.

The Polish government will build these projects at no cost to the United States. The Polish government will pay for this. We thank President Duda and the people of Poland for their partnership in advancing our common security. Poland's burden sharing also extends to the NATO Alliance, where it is among eight NATO Allies, including the United States, currently meeting the minimum 2 percent of GDP that's for defense spending.

And Poland is there. And you've been there from a very early date, and we appreciate that very much. And we've been there also. There's been a total of 8 -- 8 out of 28, and the rest are coming along. Because nations, at my urging, have paid more than $100 billion more toward the NATO defense. Last month, I was very pleased that Poland announced the intent to purchase 32 American-made F-35 fighter aircraft, like you just saw.

Moments ago, we witnessed that impressive flyover of this cutting-edge F-35 as it flew over the White House and actually came to a -- pretty close to a halt over the White House. I was saying, "What's wrong with that plane? It's not going very fast."  But it's an incredible -- it's an incredible thing when you can do that.

That plane can land dead straight, and it's one of the few in the world that can do that. Considered to be the greatest fighter jet in the world. I applaud President Duda for its efforts to strengthen and modernize Poland's defenses. I also want to congratulate Poland for its progress on meeting U.S. criteria for entry into the Visa Waiver Program.

Today, our country signed a Preventing and Combatting Serious Crimes Agreement -- a significant and necessary step for Poland's entry into the program. Though we still have some work to do, we hope to welcome Poland into the Visa Waiver Program very soon, and that's a very big deal. Both of our nations understand that immigration security is national security.

In our meeting, President Duda and I discussed the vital issue of energy. Reliance on a single foreign supplier of energy leaves nations totally vulnerable to coercion and extortion. For this reason, we support Poland's construction of the Baltic pipeline, which will help European countries diversify their energy sources.

It's desperately needed, and that's the way to go. During the past year, Poland has also signed approximately 25 billion dollars' worth of new contracts with U.S. firms to buy more than 6 billion cubic meters of U.S. liquefied natural gas. Today, our nations just signed another contract for an additional 2 billion cubic meters worth approximately $8 billion.

So between the planes and the liquefied natural gas, and many other things that Poland is doing -- which is doing very well because Poland is doing very, very well -- we appreciate it. Thank you very much, Mr. President. Our countries also signed an agreement to expand U.S.-Polish civil nuclear cooperation, which will likewise advance Poland's energy and security, and deepen our bilateral commercial ties.

Economic relations between the U.S. and Poland are thriving. We're committed to further expanding commerce based on fairness and reciprocity -- perhaps my favorite word. Across many critical areas -- from defense and diplomacy, to energy and economics -- the alliance between the United States and Poland is reaching extraordinary new heights in 2019. Our longstanding partnership demonstrates the enormous possibilities for the world when two strong and independent nations unite in common purpose and in common cause.

President Duda, it's a honor to have you with us. And, Mrs. Duda, thank you very much for being here. We usher in a very exciting new era in U.S.-Polish alliance. It's a very special alliance with very special people. We build a future of promise and prosperity for the American and the Polish people.

And, again, our relationship is an extraordinary one, and it's going to remain that for a long, long time. Thank you very much, Mr. President. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you very much. We'll take a few questions. Emerald? OAN.

Thank you.

No, I don't think so. I just will tell you very strongly that I think Germany is making a tremendous mistake by relying so heavily on the pipeline. And I think it's a tremendous mistake for Germany. But again, Germany is running their affairs. And they'll do just fine. But I was critical. I had been critical of it. It's a tremendous amount of their energy will be supplied by that pipeline.

At the same time, having nothing to do with Germany, Poland said that we would like to build a facility, a great facility, and we'd like to have you come to that facility. So we're going to be there with a limited force, but we'll be there. And we appreciate Poland doing what they're doing. It's a great location.

It's a tremendous -- it's a tremendous plant, tremendous facility. And it's our honor to be there. Poland has been a tremendous friend of ours for a long time. And when Melania and I were there not so long ago, it was a very special day. I think it was a special day for Poland, also. But it was a very special day for our country.

So I appreciate that. And our relationship is just a very strong one.

Yeah, go ahead.

He just wrote me a very nice letter, unexpected. And someday you'll see what was in that letter. Someday you'll be reading about it. Maybe in 100 years from now, maybe in two weeks. Who knows? But it was a very nice letter. It was a very warm, very nice letter. I appreciated it. Okay?

Good. Thank you very much.

Please.

He'd like to see 250,000 troops.  We'll keep it .

I just have a very warm feeling for Poland. I always have. And it's now even beyond that because of the relationship, which we've developed with your President and First Lady. And it's just -- they're very -- they're incredible people. Hard working, smart, very industrious people. And what they've done with the country over the last five years has been something that the world has watched and the world has marveled at. I've just liked Poland.

So when the President came and he asked me whether or not we'd consider this, I said, "I will consider it." And now, because of his leadership, we're able to do that. And that's fine with me. That's great. Great people. And say "hello."

We are looking very seriously at going back to Poland. And I don't know what the President has in store for us, but we're thinking about going back sometime in September. Yes. Thank you.

Thank you.

Let's see, who do I like?  Nobody. That's the end.  Go ahead. Yeah.

I was pointing at you, but you can go ahead. Here we go.

I was actually pointing to my friend with that beautiful hat on, but that's okay.

You'll give up your question?

You'll give up your --

Huh? Okay. We'll share it. Good.

No, it's not what I meant. It's what I said. And that's -- I think it's different than maybe your interpretation. I think we're going to do very well with North Korea over a period of time. I'm in no rush. The sanctions are on. We got our hostages back. Our remains are coming back; you saw the beautiful ceremony in Hawaii with Mike Pence.

We're getting the remains back. There's been no nuclear testing whatsoever. They'd like to do something. I did get, you know, a very -- as I said yesterday, a very nice letter from Chairman Kim. And I think we're doing very well. When I took over as President, I will tell you, it looked like it was going to be war with North Korea.

You know that. Everybody knows that. And it was going to be quite brutal. A strong force. We're the strongest force in the world, but that's a strong force. And we started off a very rough relationship, and I think we have a very good relationship right now. So we'll see what happens. I'm in no rush.

I'm in no rush. But there's been no nuclear testing whatsoever. And when I took over, it was nuclear testing all the time. And if you look back to the last four, five, six years -- but really go back further than that. In all fairness to President Obama, go back 20 years, 15 years. It was, really, a very dangerous situation.

I consider it to be different now. Now, I may change. And if I change, you will know it very quickly. I will be very quick to tell you exactly what's going on. I may change. But right now, we have a good relationship, and I think, probably, better than we've had for maybe 25 years, maybe forever. You know, they've been there a long time -- the grandfather, the father, the son.

And they've been there for a long time, and nobody has done anything except me. And so we'll see how it all turns out. I hope it turns out well for you and for everybody.

Are you talking to me?

Boy, was that a set-up question.

And just to finish, I hope that Poland is going to have a great relationship with Russia. I think it's possible. I really do. I think because of what you've done and the strength -- and maybe we help also, because of what we're doing and doing for Poland. But I hope that Poland is going to have a great relationship with Russia.

I hope we're going to have a great relationship with Russia and, by the way, China and many other countries. And we look forward to doing things on North Korea -- just to go back to the original part of your question. And we'll see how that works out. I do want to say, though: We're in no hurry. The sanctions are on. China has actually been helping us quite a bit.

And despite our trade differences right now -- we thought we had a deal, and unfortunately, they decided that they were going to change the deal, and they can't do that with me. But something is going to happen, and I think it's going to be something very positive. But we think we're going to get along with a lot of countries that, frankly, did not respect us very much because they were ripping us off for many, many years.

And they're not ripping us off anymore. Jeff.

Well, we're going to be meeting -- President Xi and myself -- and you know we have a very good relationship. But, again, he's for China and I'm for the U.S. It's a big difference. And we thought we had a deal. We didn't have a deal. And I would never make something that would be less than what we already had.

We had China opened up to trade. That's a big thing. They've never done that before. We had intellectual property theft taken care of and taken care of beautifully. And all of the sudden, those things started to disappear at the end, after they were fully negotiated. But that's -- you know, that's their decision.

I think if they had to do again -- and in light of the fact that we have 25 percent on $250 billion of goods coming into the United States. And unlike a lot of countries, they subsidize those goods. We haven't had inflation. And, you know, they keep saying that the American taxpayer is paying for it. No. No. Very little.

And what it really does mean is that a lot of those companies that are in China are going to be moving back to the U.S. You have car companies -- General Motors, as an example -- that built plants in China. Well, that doesn't work out too well when you have the tariff wall up because now they're going to have to get through that and they can't really get through that.

So maybe they'll start building plants in the United States instead. I think that we'll end up making a deal with China. We have a very good relationship, although it's a little bit testy right now, as you would expect. I think they really have to make a deal. A lot of companies are leaving China, as you know.

It's in all the reports. And they're going to Vietnam and various other places, and they're also coming to the United States to make their product because they don't want to pay the tariff. And there is no tariff if you do it in the United States. People don't realize that. You know, they say "the tariff," but there is no tariff if you don't do it -- you know, if you just do exactly as I say: You bring your company back to the United States.

And as far as Mexico is concerned, which was a very big topic yesterday -- and now people are finding out that the reports that were written were totally false -- we would never have had a deal with Mexico without imposing tariffs. Once the tariffs were imposed -- and they've been trying to make this deal with Mexico for 20 years, 25 years.

The older reporters, those great reporters with the very gray hair in the back -- you know who I'm talking about; they know exactly what I'm talking about -- you would have never made the deal with Mexico. We have a great deal with Mexico. I actually think we have a much better relationship right now with Mexico because they respect us again.

But you would never have had that deal if I didn't impose the tariffs. And those tariffs were ready to going to on Monday morning, and we made the deal on, essentially, Sunday night. And that extra little page of the deal that you saw that brilliantly -- I had gained such respect for you people when I held it up to the sunlight and it was closed, and you were able to read it through the sunlight.

That was not anticipated. But regardless, I mean, you knew enough of what it said. And I didn't do it on purpose, but we have a lot of strength in 45 days if we decide to use that strength. Maybe we will, and maybe we won't. But there's a lot of power right now in the border. And I will say this: Mexico is, right now, doing more for the United States on illegal immigration and all of the problems of crime and other problems on the border than the Democrats.

We can solve our problem on the border in 15 minutes if the Democrats would sit down, straighten out asylum -- which is a total mess, but very uncomplicated -- straighten out asylum, and get rid of the loopholes. It would take, Jeff, 15 minutes. Okay? Thank you. Please.

No, I have no deadline. My deadline is what's up here. We'll figure out the deadline.

Nobody can quite figure it out.

No.

We think fairly soon. We're doing very well with it. It's a complex situation, as you know. But we're getting very close. We allow very few countries to join, but Poland is one that we're thinking about allowing in. So we'll be making that decision over the next, probably, 90 days.

I think it's a very good idea. Thank you very much for giving me that idea.

Okay. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.  Thank you very much. Thank you.