Thank you very much everyone. Thank you. Following the release of our reopening guidelines, governors across the country are looking forward to phase one and announcing plans for an economic resurgence; we're going to have a resurgence, too. At a time when millions of American workers and families are struggling with the financial consequences of the virus, it's critical to continue the medical war while reopening the economy in a safe and responsible fashion.

During this time, Americans must maintain strict vigilance and continue to practice careful hygiene, social distancing, and the other protective measures that we have outlined and that everybody has become very familiar with.

We continue to be encouraged that many of the areas hardest hit by the virus appear to have turned the corner. For example, recent deaths are down very, very substantially. You can compare that with their peak not so long ago, and you have numbers of 30 percent, 25 percent. In Detroit, as an example, it's down by over 50 percent. Congratulations. And, in New Orleans, where they've done a terrific job, they're down 65 percent.

Thirty states have just one case or less per 1,000 people -- far fewer cases per capita, as an example, than Germany, the United Kingdom, France, Italy, Ireland, Switzerland, Singapore, Belgium, Spain, Norway, the Netherlands, Austria, Sweden.

My administration continues to press Congress to replenish the enormously successful Paycheck Protection Program, which has impacted 30 million American jobs. We hope to have an agreement very soon. And hopefully tomorrow, the Senate is going to be able to vote. A lot of progress has been made on that -- tremendous progress. It's a great plan. It's a great plan. It's helped a lot of people. So we hope to have a vote maybe tomorrow in the Senate.

And based on the record-low price of oil that you've been seeing -- it's at a level that's very interesting to a lot of people -- we're filling up our National Petroleum Reserves. Strategic -- you know, the Strategic Reserves. And we're looking to put as much as 75 million barrels into the reserves themselves. That would top it out. That would be first time in a long time it's been topped out. We'd get it for the right price.

We're also pushing for the deal to include an additional $75 billion -- our deal; the deal we're talking about -- $75 billion for hospitals and other healthcare providers. Many providers and their employees have taken a huge financial hit in recent weeks. And visits, elective procedures, surgeries, et cetera, et cetera, were canceled. We think that they can all get back online. They'll get it done. The hospitals have really been fantastic. The hospitals, they've -- they've stepped up to the plate. They've really done a great job. We appreciate it so much.

For areas less affected by the virus, we've issued new recommendations about how to safely resume elective treatments. HHS has also distributed the first $30 billion in direct payments to a million healthcare providers across the country. We've also invested $1.4 billion in community health centers to ensure our most vulnerable communities, including many African American and Hispanic American communities, have access to the services and testing that they need.

Earlier today, Vice President Pence spoke with governors from all 50 states about our unified effort to defeat the virus. He had a great call. It was a great call -- very positive in, I'd say, every way. Prior to the call, we provided each governor with a list of the names, addresses, and phone numbers of the labs where they can find additional testing capacity within their states -- many, many labs. We're providing you with the list. We'll show it to you now if you need it. We'll give you the details. But hundreds and hundreds of labs are ready, willing, and able.

Some of the governors, like, as an example, the governor from Maryland didn't really understand the list. He didn't understand too much about what was going on. So now I think he'll be able to do that. It's pretty simple. But they have tremendous capacity and we hope to be able to help him out. We'll work with him and work with all of the governors.

Similar to the situation with ventilators, states need to assess their complete inventory of available capacity. Some states have far more capacity than they actually understand. And it is a complex subject, but some of the governors didn't understand it. The governor, as an example, Pritzker from Illinois did not understand his capacity. Not simply ask the federal government to provide unlimited support -- I mean, you have to take the support where you have it, but we are there to stand with the governors and to help the governors, and that's what we're doing. And they have a tremendous capacity that we've already built up. And you'll be seeing that; we're going to be introducing a couple of the folks in a little while to talk about it.

I want to draw your attention to Governor Cuomo's remarks during his press conference today. He said: The President is right. The states' testing is up to the states to do, which will implement the test and logistically coordinate the tests. We have about 300 labs in New York and they do it. And they're great labs, actually. And it's my job to coordinate those 300 labs. I think the President is right when he says that the states should lead.

And the governor is really -- they're really getting -- they're getting it together in New York. A lot of good things are happening in New York. And I think the governor is going to come in to see us tomorrow. He's coming to the Oval Office tomorrow afternoon. Andrew is going to be coming in with some of his people. So we look forward to that.

The -- some of the articles that just recently came about -- if you remember, I put out a statement today. For a month, it was all "ventilator, ventilator, ventilator." That's all people could talk about was ventilators. And we did a great job with that. We built a lot of ventilators, to put it mildly. We have so many now that, at some point soon, we're going to be helping Mexico and Italy and other countries. We'll be sending them ventilators, which they desperately need. They were a position -- they were not in a position to build them themselves.

But we have thousands being built. Every state has had -- they have the ventilators. If they don't, we have almost 10,000 in our Federal Reserve -- our "stockpile," as they call it. And we did a great job with the ventilators.

Unfortunately, the press doesn't cover it -- other than the fair press. But -- so then you say, "Gee, I -- they need ventilators." We don't need ventilators. And that's -- that's under pressure we did that.

Nobody that needed a ventilator in this country didn't get one. And a story that just came out: "How the Media Completely Blew the Trump Ventilator Story." I'm sure you love to see that. That's by Rich Lowry, a respected journalist and person. "How the Media Completely Blew the Trump Ventilator Story" -- which, unfortunately, you did.

And here's another one that just came out. Kyle Smith. "The Ventilator Shortage That Wasn't." "The Ventilator Shortage That Wasn't" -- because we got it fixed. And we're also going to help the states, by the way, stockpile ventilators. So if a thing like this should happen again, they've got them.

The stories on testing are all over the place -- that we're actually in good shape. I'm going to have the Vice President and others speak to you about that, but we're in very good shape on testing and we're getting better all the time. You're going to see some interesting things.

I thought before I went any further though, I'd like to have General Semonite, who has done an incredible job, tell you where we are. You know we're still building beds and hospitals for people that need them. I guess the hospital business generally is getting pretty much closed out now, but we're -- we're creating a lot of space for people, just in case. And in some cases, they probably will be using them.

But I thought the general -- he's been so impressive and done such a great job. I thought, on behalf of the services and on behalf of the federal government, he'd say a few words about what we're doing right now.

Thank you very much. General.

Fantastic job. Thank you very much. Anybody have a question for the general while he's here? Anybody? Because I think he's very self-explanatory. He's done an incredible job.

Jeff, do you have a question?

You might say, while you're here, we're building -- the general is in charge of the wall on the southern border, and we want to build 450 miles of wall, and it's very much under construction. You might give them a little bit of an update: how are we doing with the wall.

And we're over 160 miles.

A hundred and sixty-four miles. And we'll have it done sometime pretty early next year. Very exciting.

And you might just say one thing: the quality of that wall, in terms of its power for stopping people that shouldn't be coming into our country.

Okay? Yeah, please.

Okay? So, General, you have a choice: You can stay and watch -- watch these wonderful people ask us really nice questions -- or you can go back to building beds.

Go ahead. I had a feeling you were going to say that.

Very impressive. That's an impressive job, isn't it? Seriously. That's really great. Thank you very much. He's a terrific gentleman. We have a lot of great people doing that kind of thing that they really have to get recognition for the incredible job they're doing, because I don't think anybody else could do it. Nothing like that. And that's on top of thousands and thousands of hospitals. And, you know, he built -- just in New York alone -- four hospitals and 2,900 beds, and got them done so quickly. Nobody -- nobody saw anything like it.

Fortunately, we haven't had to use too many of them, and that's okay. That's probably better news than having to use them all, right? Because a lot of good things are happening in New York and elsewhere.

So through the public-private partnerships and deregulation, the federal government has already made immense testing capabilities available, but some states need to take action to fully utilize it. To date, the United States has conducted millions more tests than any other country. You can add them all up and they don't catch us. And our numbers are doubling almost on a -- certainly on a monthly basis, but almost on a weekly basis. We're moving very rapidly, far -- at a number nobody thought possible.

And we'll be doubling our number of daily tests if the governors bring their states fully online through the capability that they have. We have tremendous capability out there already existing. And we explained that to the governor today. Mike and all of the people explained it very strongly to the governors. They -- they really get it now, I think.

As the experts have explained, this capacity is sufficient to allow states to conduct diagnostic testing to treat patients as well as contact tracing to contain outbreaks and monitoring to pinpoint potential hotspots during phase one.

And there are some hotspots, and we have them pinpointed, and they can really cover it very, very nicely when they know exactly where to go and they're being told where to go. And also, these locations where they're going -- and some of them are federal; some of the governors didn't realize they were allowed to use federal locations. They are.

And we have a booklet of the federal locations. We can hold it up. I think you'll show that. Maybe we'll hold it up now.

Yeah. Okay, fine. But you see the number -- thanks. Thanks. These are all locations where they can go, which is really pretty amazing. This is just one page out of many.

Look. Look at this. This is -- these are all locations.

That's a lot of locations. And they can all -- what is it? Five thousand --

So that's -- thank you very much. That's more than anybody thought, and it's already there. They have to use it. That's all. They have to use it. Some weren't aware; some were very much aware. Some weren't aware.

My administration also continues to support states with our massive operation to deliver masks, gowns, gloves, and other vital supplies. Admiral Polowczyk and his team at FIFA  are really -- what a job they've done. And Pete, what a job he's done. They're calling on Easter Sunday to make sure everyone is okay. But they're using detailed data about supply chains to track the deployment of 1 billion pieces of protective equipment through private distributors every two weeks. So what we're doing is we're delivering a number that nobody anywhere in the world is delivering.

FEMA is working closely with Dr. Birx and the distributors to prioritize supply of resources where they are most needed. We're finding the location that they have to -- they have to get to that location. We have locations that are very important to get to and get to them fast. And that's where they're going. So we have a very strong priority.

This pandemic has reaffirmed the importance of keeping vital supply chains at home. We cannot outsource our independence. We cannot be reliant on foreign nations. I've been saying this for a long time. If we've learned one thing it's: Let's do it here, let's build it here, let's make it here. We've got the greatest country in the world. We've got to start bringing our supply chains back.

Somebody, years ago, got this crazy idea: Let's build all over the place and let's have parts -- let's have a screw for a car delivered and made in a country that's far away, and let's have a fender made someplace else, and let's do this, and let's do that, and let's put it all together.

And I like making it right here in the USA. And I think we've learned a lot about that and especially maybe when it comes to pharmaceutical products.

We've also conducted major military operations, providing cities and states with additional medical capacity and the incredible 1,800 men and women from the Army Corps of Engineers. You just met with Todd. He's -- the job they've done is incredible. But we have nurses, doctors -- we have experts in every field, all over.

I spoke with Governor Cuomo, I spoke with Mayor de Blasio, I spoke with many of the other governors that I'm both friendly. And -- yeah, I think I'm friendly with just about all of them, if you can believe it. But I've gotten friendly with a lot of them. I've gained a lot of respect for a lot of the governors, both Republican and Democrat, during this process. Some really good people, some really good talent.

But we're sending a lot of our medical people, not only our construction people like Todd Semonite, but a lot of our medical people are being sent all over the country to different locations: New York City, New York State, New Jersey. I spoke with Phil today. He's doing a terrific job in New Jersey, but New Jersey got hit very, very hard -- Phil Murphy, governor.

From the day this crisis began, America launched a scientific mobilization of colossal size and scale. Someday they'll be able to write the true story because nobody has seen anything like it. The fake news just refuses to cover it correctly, but that's okay. But the people are understanding, and that's what matters to me.

There are now 72 active trials underway across the United States researching dozens of therapies and treatments, and another 211 are in the planning stages. They're getting -- I mean, they're literally mobilizing on therapeutics and also on vaccines. A tremendous progress is being made on vaccines and, I must say, on therapeutics.

I mean, frankly, if I had my choice: Give me the therapeutics right now, because that would help people right now. And we have some things that I think are working. Not only working, but we have some incredible things that look like they could be an answer. But we'll know soon. Being tested. Working out right now.

This includes their therapies designed to attack the virus, as well as others that would hinder its replication, reduce the rate of infection, control the immune response, or transfer lifesaving antibodies from the blood of recovered patients.

And one of the incredible things that we've seen -- and Mike and I were talking about it before -- is the fact oftentimes somebody gets very ill from the plague -- okay? -- from this horrible scourge. And they get better and they recover, and the first thing they say is, "I want to give my blood." That's happened. The doctors have told me it's happened so much. "I want to give my blood. I want to give my blood." And they're doing that.

But tremendous things are happening. You'll be seeing about -- you'll be seeing that over the weeks. I think we'll be talking about it in the not-too-distant future.

Johnson & Johnson is very well along on vaccines. Again, the vaccines have to be tested. The therapeutics are for now, but a lot of good things are happening on both. But ultimately, we also hope to prevent infection through a safe -- a very safe vaccine. And that'll be a great thing when we have that. And we will have that.

So with that, I'd like to introduce Admiral Giroir and Brad Smith to discuss some of the incredible things that have been done. And we have -- they really are -- what they've been able to do in a very, very short period of time with -- and equipment. You're going to see equipment that you haven't seen before.

Any if you'd just come up, Brad. If you guys would come up, you could give us a little display of some of the equipment that we have and some of the things that are happening, having to do with testing, because "testing" is a big word.

Remember, it was all ventilators. And the reason it was all ventilators -- they said, "There's no way he'll ever be able to catch this one." And not only did we catch it, we are now the king of ventilators all over the world. We can send them anywhere. We have thousands being made a week. And they're very high quality. And that's -- it wasn't playing well, so then they said, "Testing. Testing. Oh, we'll get him on testing." Well, testing is much easier than ventilators. Ventilators are big machines that are very complex and are very expensive. You need real -- real -- you need a group of people that really know what they're doing. We took auto lines. We took a lot of different people, and now we've done that. But it used to be "ventilators, ventilators, ventilators." Not it's "testing, testing, testing."

And I think the Admiral and I think that Brad will show you some things that you haven't seen that are, really, very spectacular having to do with testing. We're way advanced. Way advanced.

The list I showed you -- these are places you can go if you're in the states: 5,000 different machines. Five thousand. They're all over the country. And we have international also, but these are all over the country. But you'll see something now that's really eye-popping in terms of what they've done.

And they've done this under great pressure. They've come up with things under great pressure that are absolutely amazing.

So, please, if you would. Thank you, fellas.

Thank you. Thanks, Admiral.

Mike, please. Thank you, Brad.

Thank you, Mike. Deborah?

Thank you very much. That was great.

Yeah.

Admiral, go ahead on that one, if you'd like.

And, by the way, not everybody agrees that we have to do that much testing. We're going maximum. You understand. There's some people that don't want to do that much testing, but we're going maximum. We're going to the outer limits. And I think that's the way, probably, it should be.

Jeff, go ahead.

It went negative.

Like interest rates, they go negative.

Well, it's for short term. Much of it has to do with short sellers, much of it has to do -- if you look a month into the future, I think it's at $25 or $28 a barrel. So a lot of people got caught. They got caught. And there are a lot of people that are not too happy because they got caught.

So if you take a look at it, you'll see it's more of a financial thing than an oil situation, but -- because you take, I believe, in a month or so -- in other words, go a little bit out, it's at $25 and $28 a barrel. So it's largely a financial squeeze, and they did get squeezed.

Well, we've already done that, where Saudi Arabia is cutting back, Russia is cutting back, Mexico is cutting back, and the OPEC Plus -- they call it OPEC, plus additional states -- are cutting back.

And you know, the problem is nobody is driving the car anywhere in the world -- essentially, 184 nations. Factories are closed and businesses are closed. And so, all of a sudden -- we had really a lot of energy to start off with, oil in particular. We had a lot. And then, all of a sudden, they lost 40, 50 percent of their markets. So it just stopped.

So it's going to be picking up, and the energy business will be strong. But they cut back. It could be 20 million barrels, but it's, let's say, 15. That was between Russia and Saudi Arabia.

But this had to do with the squeeze, and it was a very tough squeeze. A lot of people got --

Well, they got to do more by the market, to be honest. Look, same thing over here. If the market is the way it is, people are going to slow it down or they're going to stop. That's going to be automatic, and that's happening.

Yeah.

If you give me the name of the company and his name, I'll have that checked out, John. I'll do that.

It's a friend of yours?

Why did he call you? He called you to say he's a criminal and why did he get a loan? Or what -- what's --

Okay. If you give me the --

-- name, I'll look into it.

I'd like to look into that, okay?

Kaitlan, go ahead.

Which companies are you talking about? Under what?

So we have --

I'll give you an answer to that. I'll give you a legal answer to that when we look it up. But we have tried to take liability away from these companies. We just don't want that because we want the companies to open and to open strong.

But I'll get you a legal opinion on that.

I'll get you -- well, that's what I'm saying. I'll get you a legal opinion on it.

Nobody has discussed it, no. But we will now.

Not one. Not one.

Not at this point.

But we're going to look, because they have talked about general liability. So I'll get you a specific answer from the lawyers. Okay?

Go ahead. Please.

Oh, I'll bet you know the price of oil right now, don't you?

I do. I actually do.

Of course, nobody has ever heard of negative oil before, but it's for a short term.

Yes.

Yes.

Well, at the price you're talking about, you don't need funding. They pay you. See? You know? Because right now --

Well, if you can get it. That's true. If you can get it.

Well, at a minimum, we'll let --

-- people store. So we'll store it. We'll use it as storage and charge for it. But people need storage desperately, and we have massive storage under the petroleum --

It's not a question of requirement. If we could buy it for nothing, we're going to take everything we can get. The only thing I like better than that is where they pay you to take the oil, but that's a short-term squeeze. You understand that. So it's -- I don't think you're going to see that.

But, no, we'd like to have Congress -- this is a great time to buy oil. And we'd like to have Congress approve it so that we could -- instead of just storing it for the big -- usually the big companies. Because I think we have 75 million gallons right now, capacity. That's a lot. It's -- we've been building it up over a period of time, but that's a lot: 75 million barrels.

So we're going to get -- either ask for permission to buy it, or we'll store it. One way or the other, it will be full.

Okay, please.

No, go ahead. You -- you can finish up. We'll go right to you.

Well, we'll look at it. I heard just as I'm walking into the room. We certainly have plenty of oil. So I'll take a look at that. Okay?

Yes, please.

Well, we don't -- we really don't need it. We use it. We go up. And I've used it a lot. But we use it and then sometimes all they have to do is see it coming.

Do you want to talk about that, Admiral? Please.

And we don't want to embarrass people either.

Please, Brad. Go ahead.

So, Admiral, you meant if the machines were utilized, that would be the number.

For this?

Go ahead, Mike.

And take a look at that map. The governor of Maryland could've called Mike Pence, could've saved a lot of money. Look at all of the -- look at these different places. And that's Maryland, right there. So, could've saved a lot of money, but that's okay.

No, I don't think he needed to go to South Korea.

I think he needed to get a little knowledge, would've been helpful.

Well, I know one thing: I didn't get any. That's for sure. I didn't get any. We'll look at individual things, and some people will have to return it if we think it's inappropriate.

Well, it's being done by great professionals. It's being done by banks and, as you know, community banks all over the country. They're -- that's what they do. They loan money, and they're supposed to do it according to not only criteria, but according to what we think is right. But if somebody got something that we think is inappropriate, we'll get it back. Okay? Good -- good point.

Please. Go ahead.

Well, I think that South Korea -- I had a great talk with President Moon. He's a friend of mine. I congratulated -- he had a wonderful election victory. I was very happy about that. He was -- as you know, just recently.

No, we are negotiating for President Moon and for South Korea to help us monetarily, because we -- as you know, we have 32,000 soldiers there. That varies from 28- to 32,000 in South Korea. And we think that, before I came aboard, they paid very little, if anything. So we're defending a wonderful nation -- a nation that we have great relationships, but we're asking them to pay for a big percentage of what we're doing. It's not fair. So, it's not a question of reduction; it's a question of will they contribute toward the defense of their own nation.

We're defending nations that are very wealthy. South Korea is a very wealthy nation. They make our television sets. They make ships. They make everything. And I give them great credit.

We've been defending them for many, many decades, as you know. Many, many -- over eight decades. And I've gone to them in the past. Last year, I went to them and now they're paying a billion dollars a year. And I went to them again, I said, "Look, I'll be back because that's just a fraction." And again, the relationship is great, but it's just not a fair relationship.

We renegotiated the trade deal and made it a much more equitable deal than it was in the past. It was a terrible deal. It was done by Hillary Clinton. It was a terrible deal. The new deal is a much more equitable deal -- that's on trade.

But, on the military, I mean, we're paying for the military for -- to defend another nation that's 8,500 miles away. And they're not the only one I'm talking to you, by the way, as you know. I won't go into names, but I've done this. Nobody talks about it, but I think it's appropriate. I think the taxpayer of our country -- taxpayers -- want to hear these things. And so now they're -- they've offered us a certain amount of money, and I have rejected it. I just said, "It's just -- look, you know, we're doing a tremendous service." We have a wonderful feeling and a wonderful relationship with each other, but we have to be treated equitably and fairly. And so that's where it is right now. And what's going to happen, I can't tell you, but we'll find out fairly soon.

But I congratulate the President, who is a friend of mine -- I congratulate President Moon on having a terrific victory.

Please. Yeah.

Sure.

Well, we're going to be talking about that in phase four, as you know, which will start very shortly. And that has to do with infrastructure -- hopefully infrastructure, because this country needs infrastructure.

We spend all this money in the Middle East -- $8 trillion. Eight trillion -- trillion, with a "T" -- dollars in the Middle East, but if you have a pothole in a highway someplace, they don't want you to spend the money to fix it. How stupid have we been in this country? How stupid have we been? And that's changing rapidly -- you know that; you've seen that -- including things like negotiating with friends.

But when we are helping friends, friends should reimburse us for the cost. I mean, why should we be defending nations for free? We're defending a nation for free. Now I'm getting a billion dollars a year, and we're -- we'll be getting -- we were offered much more than that, but I turned it down. So that's where we are with that.

As far as -- as far as the other is concerned, look, we have to be smart in this country. We've been taken to the cleaner by every -- and I mean with allies, not just with the enemies -- with allies. We've been to -- frankly, the allies have taken us much more so than the enemies. The enemies we don't do business with, right? The allies, we do business with.

And whoever made these deals, whoever made these contracts -- in many cases, we didn't have a contract. Like, we didn't have a contract -- we didn't have a trade deal with China. They came in and they took $500 billion a year for many years. But anywhere from $200- to $550 billion dollars a year out of our hides.

Now we made this great trade deal. Unfortunately, that was a number of months ago. And it's a great deal. They're paying 25 percent on $250 billion. They're -- a lot of things are happening. They're going to have to purchase $250 billion worth of goods, including farm product -- up to $50 billion.

So, a lot of good things are happening, but then what happened with China was the plague hit us, right? The plague. That was after. This was long after we signed the deal. The plague hit us, so I'm not happy about that.

Okay. John, please.

John, what a good question that was. Where did that come from?

No, that's very impressive.

You know, when Senator Schumer wrote a letter a couple of months ago, and he said, "You should use admirals and generals." I said, "Well, that's where we've... " First of all, we have our Vice President, who has been incredible, but we have the admirals, we have the generals. And I was just talking to the admiral inside, just before we came out. I said, "Did you go to Annapolis?" He said, "No sir." I said, "Oh, that's too bad. That's too bad. Where did you go?" He said, "I went to Harvard." "Oh, that's okay too, I guess." Right?

So he went to Harvard and he was a great student at Harvard, and he's doing a fantastic job. And this young gentleman was very, very successful. But he wanted to help the country. He wanted to come into the country, and we appreciate it very much. He was a big success -- a big, big success.

Let's do here, and there next. Okay? We're all set. Good. Go ahead.

I don't know. He wanted to, and --

We, believe it or not, have -- we get along. Okay? He was very generous yesterday, in particular. Said we did a, quote, "phenomenal" deal. I don't know if anybody wrote that, but he said that, and I appreciated it. Because it's not about me; it's about these people and thousands behind Mike and the admiral and all of the other people that are working with us.

I mean -- and you see it. Look, I don't understand when -- when I see polling and approval ratings for the job. I mean, this group should get a 95. It really should. And we're really helping the governors a lot. And the governors call me -- the ones I know, or the Republicans, but the ones I know -- and they say, "It's incredible, the job you're doing." Again, not me -- the job this group is doing.

And you sit here -- I just -- I'm watching from -- from the corner, and I'm just saying, "Boy, it's incredible stuff." When you watch the general get up -- General Semonite -- and talk about -- boom, boom, boom. You don't see that. You don't see that. When you hear the admiral speak about the testing -- how good it is -- and yet people don't like to say it.

But remember, it was all about ventilators a month ago. Ventilators, ventilat- -- then we fixed it. You don't hear about ventilators. Where is the ventilator -- Jeff, you haven't asked about ventilators recently. What's going on? What about ventilators? We're helping other countries now, because they can't have -- they're very hard to come by, and they take a long time to make -- like, years. It's incredible, the job they've done -- that our people have done and also private companies have done.

You know, you talk about the act. We -- we don't like to use it unless we have to. Because, a lot of times, just the fact that you have it gets you everything you need. So, you know, we don't want to embarrass any of the companies. But we have used it on a number of occasions and it worked. But it works just as well before you have to use it, because they don't want to be embarrassed, and I don't want to embarrass them because they've done a great job.

Please, go ahead.

No, I think, right behind you. I promised. I can't -- I cannot tell a lie. So, I mean, we'll get you next. Okay?

We'll get you next.

No, no. You.

Well, it's not bipartisan. It's mostly partisan. But more importantly than mostly partisan, it's incorrect. You have -- you have the experts. Look at these maps. I mean, you have the maps with so many different locations.

In the case of, as an example, Governor Hogan. He didn't really know. He really -- it was very obvious to any of those listening on the call today -- even though you weren't supposed to be on it, I'm sure that some of you were or representatives were. He really didn't know about the federal laboratories. Would you say that's correct, Mike? He didn't know.

He didn't know. And Mike doesn't like to get into this stuff. He's less controversial than I am. But he didn't know about it. And if he did know about it, he would've been happy.

No, we've done a really good job on testing. Now, with that being said, we have tests coming out perhaps over the next two weeks that will blow the whole industry away. Now, a lot of people love the Abbott test. So do I. You know, the Abbott test is great because it's, boom, it's -- they touch, they put it in, and in five minutes you have -- the problem is that doesn't do massive numbers like the big machine. But the big machine takes a day, takes a day and a half, you know, with delivery and everything else.

But we have tremendous testing -- tremendous testing capability. Remember this: We've tested more than any country in the world by far. In fact, I think I read where if you add up every other country in the world, we've tested more.

But remember this: We're dealing in politics, we're dealing with a thing called -- November 3rd of this year. Do you know what November 3rd represents, right? You know better than anybody in the room. November 3rd of this year -- it's called the presidential election. No matter what I do, no matter where we go, no matter how well we do, no matter what, if I came up with a tablet, you take it and this plague is gone, they'll say, "Trump did a terrible job. Terrible. Terrible." Because that's their soundbite. That's the political soundbite.

They know the great job we've done. But with all of that being said and -- and also, there is a thing that somebody could talk to if they want, but I don't want to bore you with it. Not everybody believes we should do so much testing. You don't need so much. We're talking about maximum. Maximum.

The reason that the Democrats -- and some others, maybe, because they don't know -- they want maximum because they want to be able to criticize. Because it's almost impossible to get to the maximum number, and yet we've been able to do it already.

But with that -- and you'll be seeing this over the next -- I think over the next couple of weeks or sooner. We have a test -- if it comes out, it'll revolutionize the whole world of testing. It'll be -- it'll be something really special.

So I don't view it as personal at all. What I do say is, it's something that's not fair to thousands of people that have done such a good job.

Well, I know. I understand.

Yeah.

And a lot of people love Trump, right? A lot of people love me. You see them all the time, right? I guess I'm here for a reason, you know? To the best of my knowledge, I won. And I think we're going to win again. I think we're going to win in a landslide.

But just so you understand, you're talking about March, right?

And yet -- excuse me. Excuse me,

I know. I understand. And yet, in January, a certain date -- you know the date better than I do -- we put on a ban of China, where China can't come in. And before March, we put on a ban on Europe, where Europe can't come in. So how could you say I wasn't taking it seriously?

You know, I put on a ban on China before anybody in this country died. I put on a ban. And so you tell me. Nancy Pelosi was having -- she wanted to have a street party in Chinatown in San Francisco at the end of February. That's a month later. And then they tell me it's only a political talking point. But you feed into it, because you're too good a reporter to let that happen. Really, you are a good reporter. You're too good a reporter to let that happen.

Remember this: So at the end of January, I put on a ban. People that were in that room will tell you -- I think there were 21 people -- I was the only one in the whole room that wanted to do it. Fortunately, I was the one that counted for that purpose. We put on a ban because I was reading bad things about China. World Health Organization should have told us, but I was reading it, with or without them. They should have known. All they had to do is read it. They didn't have to even be there. But they tried to cover up for China -- World Health covered up for China.

But -- no, no. Wait. But you can't say this. Look, I put on a ban. In other words, I stopped China from coming to the United States. I stopped Europe from coming into the United States, long before the March date that you're talking about. So people should say I acted very early. That was a very hard thing to do. Doing that was a very hard thing. I didn't want to do that.

But I did it because I thought -- and Dr. Fauci said that, by doing it, President Trump saved tens of thousands of lives. So I did take it very seriously.

Oh, I don't know -- I don't know about rallies. I really don't know about rallies.

I know one thing: I haven't left the White House in months, except for a brief moment to give a wonderful ship, the Comfort --

I don't know. Did I hold a rally? I'm sorry I hold a rally. Did I hold a rally? Let me tell you, in January, when I did this, you had virtually no cases and no deaths, and yet I put it on. So how could I not?

Why was Nancy Pelosi -- right? -- Nancy Pelosi is holding a street fair. She wants a street fair in San Francisco, in Chinatown, to prove -- you know what the purpose of it was -- to prove that there's no problem. Many other politicians did the same thing. They wanted to prove --

While I was -- no, of course not. No, no, no. I've been -- people are amazed at how early I acted, and I did act early. With that being said, it's very hard to say, "Let's close down the greatest economy in the history of the world." I had it closed down. I, and everybody else that works with me, and 300 and -- close to 350 million people built the greatest economy in the history of the world: best employment numbers, best stock market numbers, best numbers in virtually every category. Even good manufacturing numbers. The previous administration said manufacturing was dead for our country. Even great manufacturing numbers.

And you know what? I did that, and somebody walked into my office and said, "Sir, you're going to have to close down the economy. You're going to have to close the country." But you know what I say to you? We're going to rebuild it. And we're going to rebuild it better, and it's going to go faster than people think. I built it once; I'll built it a second time.

Please.

Please. Go ahead.

I think it's a great question, because there is bipartisanship. Look, we're getting the Paycheck Plan. It's -- already $350 billion was approved, essentially unanimously. And we have another 250, which I think you're going to find out is going to be a higher number than that. Okay? I won't say it now, because I don't know if they've released it or not, but it's going to end up being more than $250 billion. And this is going to small businesses and it's going to workers.

And these are really bipartisan plans. It's a great thing that's happening. So I think the fact that we're able to do all of this in a bipartisan way is great.

Now, the tax cuts that the Republicans did, we had no help from the Democrats, so you can't say that's bipartisan. But this whole thing, getting our country back -- and, you know, Nancy Pelosi has been -- she's very nasty. She, you know, wasted a lot of time with the impeachment hoax. It was a total hoax. It went nowhere. But -- and that was not good. And Schumer, I guess, did the same thing, but he sort of accepted it. He just did what he was supposed to do, and he didn't do very well with it. But, you know, that was not appropriate. That was a bad thing for our country. But it was fine. I mean, I understand the game.

They have a little bit of a majority. So they say, "Let's do something and let's try and stir it up." But they wasted a year. They wasted tremendous -- we could've been doing things that would have been great for our country. They could have been looking into China. They should have been looking into China, as an example. A lot of people are blaming the Democrats for wasting all that time, because it was during that period of time, as you know, that it was fomenting.

But I think we've had a great spirit of bipartisanship, in a certain way. It's not -- I wouldn't say we're going to set records throughout the world, but things are happening that are very good. The country is coming together. And I'll tell you what: The people are coming together. The people are really coming together. I think you're going to find that our country is much more unified.

I do think that the press, the media, foments a lot of this -- a lot of anger. I really believe it. It foments tremendous anger. For instance, I'll be asked a tremendously hostile question from somebody, and then I'll answer to -- in a hostile way, which is appropriate; otherwise, you look foolish. Otherwise, it looks like just walk off the stage and bow your head. I can't do that. You know, I just can't do that.

But a lot of these questions that are asked from certain networks are so hostile, and there's no reason for it. There's no reason for it. We are in a war. This is a World War Two, this is a World War One -- where, by the way, the war essentially ended because of a plague. That was one of the worst ever. They lost almost 100 million people. But we're in a big war.

And I'll say one thing about -- because I think it's important. The last person -- I did it early, but I was the last person that wanted to close down one of the great economic -- you can't call it an experiment, but everything, I guess, in life is an experiment. So I say experiments. But one of the great economic stories in history. I'm the last person who wanted to do it.

But we did the right thing, because if we didn't do it, you would have had a million people, a million and a half people, maybe 2 million people dead. Now, we're going toward 50, I'm hearing, or 60,000 people. One is too many. I always say it: One is too many. But we're going toward 50- or 60,000 people. That's at the lower -- as you know, the low number was supposed to be 100,000 people. We -- we could end up at 50 to 60. Okay? It's horrible. If we didn't do what we did, we would have had, I think, a million people, maybe 2 million people, maybe more than that.

And you look -- there's one country in particular that decided, "Let's wing it. Let's just keep going." They are being inundated with death. Now, if you take a look at some of the hospitals where -- one of them I knew growing up in Queens, and I'm looking at the bodies laying in hallways, being brought into refrigerated trucks. The trucks -- these massive trucks, bodies going in. Multiply that times 10. It's not sustainable.

And many of the people that have this theory, "Oh, let's -- you know, maybe we could have just gone right through it," I was -- I was somebody that would have loved to have done that, but it wouldn't have been sustainable. You can't lose a million people. That's more than -- that's almost double what we lost in the Civil War. I use that as a guide. Civil War: 600,000 people died. So it's not sustainable. But it could have been much more than a million people.

I mean, if you took a number and cut it half, and half, and in half again, you'd end up at 500,000 people -- okay? -- if you want to make a very conservative guesstimate. Five hundred thousand people is not acceptable. Is that a correct sort of an analogy?

So, I mean, I see it all the time by friends of mine, by people that I have great respect for: "Well, we could have done this. We could have done... " And remember this: When we say 50 and they compare 50 to the 35 of the flu -- because it averaged 35, 36,000 over a 10-year period. It's a lot. Who would think that? But we're not talking about with the flu. That's just -- it just goes. We're not locking ourselves in our units. We're not locking ourselves in our apartments and not moving and not touching anybody, and just saying -- you know, the world. In this case, we are. And we're still going to lose between 50 and 60.

But if we just kept it going on a normal basis, which is really the only standard that you can compare it to with the flu, because that was a normal basis. You get into an airplane, you travel to Florida, you go to Texas. You go wherever you're going.

But, in this case, if we didn't do anything, the number wouldn't be 50 to 60,000. The number would be a million people dead. It would be a million-five, a million-two. Maybe 700,000. It would have been a number in -- like that.

Because -- because -- and it's so important because I see so much: "Oh, well, you know, they can... " You can't compare it, because I'll tell you what: The people of this country, what they've done -- they've gone out of their way -- what they -- the way they've lived, it hasn't -- it's not -- it's not great. It's terrible. Maybe the first three days, and then all of a sudden -- you see what's going on; they want to get going. And I get that fully.

But I just say this: If we would have done that, we would have lost anywhere from a million to more than 2 million people. Now, with all of the death that we've seen -- and 50- or 60,000 people, heading toward -- right now it's at 40. But 50- or 60,000 people; probably over 50, from what I see. But that's with our guard up. If we took our guard down and just said, "Okay, we're just going to keep this open," we would have lost millions of people. Can you imagine?

Look how bad it looks now, when you look at the bodies. When you look at Hart Island in New York, where they have the mass grave, and all of the things that you see. Can you imagine if we had the guard down, if we didn't do anything and we just said, "Let's ride it out"? It would not have been sustainable in any way. It would have been an atrocity.

So we've done the right thing. We've really done the right thing. And the people that have worked so hard -- and dangerously. I'll tell you -- again, I say it, but I watch those doctors and nurses and medical people running into those hospitals, and they don't even have their gear on. Forget about gear, whether it's great gear or not. And we're bringing in the best gear in the world. But they're running in with open everything, and they're pushing. I mean, the job -- they're like warriors, the job they're doing.

But if we didn't do the moves that we made, you would have had a million, a million and a half, 2 million people dead. So multiply that times 50; you're talking about -- you would have had 10 to 20 to 25 times more people dead than all of the people that we've been watching. That's not acceptable. The 50,000 is not acceptable. It's so horrible. But can you imagine multiplying that out by 20 or more? It's not acceptable.

So it's a very good question. I appreciate it. We'll see you tomorrow. We'll see you tomorrow.