Okay. Thank you very much. Good to be with you all. We re in a very critical phase of our war against the coronavirus. It's vital that every American follows our guidelines on the 30 Days to Slow the Spread. The sacrifices we make over the next four weeks will have countless American lives saved. We're going to save a lot of American lives.

And we're in control of our own fate very much so. Maintaining social distance, practicing vigorous hygiene, and staying at home are your most effective ways to win the war and to escape danger. While you're fighting this battle from home, we're working with the best scientists, doctors, and researchers anywhere in the world.

We're racing to develop new ways to protect against the virus, as well as therapies, treatments, and ultimately a vaccine. And we're making a lot of progress. I think, medically, a lot of progress. At the same time, we're also racing to get relief to American workers and small businesses, as you know. I want to remind small-business owners across America that the Paycheck Protection Program is launching tomorrow.

Nearly $350 billion in loans will be available to small businesses, including sole proprietors. These loans are up to 100 percent forgivable as long as employers keep paying their workers. Got to take care of your workers. Furthermore, we want Social Security beneficiaries to know that if they are typically not required to file a tax return, they don't have to file one in order to receive the direct cash payments that will soon be distributed to American citizens.

The Treasury will deposit the money directly into the bank accounts. And don't forget, I will always protect your Social Security, your Medicare, and your Medicaid. We're protecting Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid, and I always will. I'd like now to invite SBA Administrator Jovita Carranza, who s doing a fantastic job -- she's going to be very busy in the next little while -- and Secretary Steve Mnuchin to say a few words about these vital initiatives.

And then we'll get on to the attack of the virus itself. And please, if I might, Steve and Jovita.

Thank you, Jovita. Very good. Thank you.

Thank you, Steve. For Jovita or Steve, any questions, please?

Okay? Thank you all very much.

Thank you, Jovita. Thank you, Steve. Great job. Thank you. Okay, so that begins right away and they start handing out checks. And a lot of people are going to have their businesses built back up quickly, I hope. And we'll see. It s complicated, big. Small business is actually big business. So I thank them both.

And please -- good. We have some great gentlemen. Let me see. Great gentlemen. That's correct. Thank you very much. Today, my administration is also issuing new guidelines to protect elderly Americans who remain the most vulnerable. By now, nursing homes should have suspended the entry of all medically unnecessary personnel.

Today, we're further recommending that all nursing home facilities assign the same staff to care for the same group of residents consistently to minimize any potential spread. And we're also urging facilities to designate separate areas for healthy and sick residents. And this is a practice that we probably will be recommending into the future, long after the enemy is gone -- this particular enemy is gone.

We're also making every effort to provide relief to our great veterans. We take very good care of our veterans. At my direction, Secretary Wilkie will use any authority at his disposal to extend deadlines for benefits and to postpone debt collections. We're now conducting well over 100,000 coronavirus tests per day.

It's over a thou- -- a hundred thousand test a day --and these are accurate tests and they're moving rapidly -- which is more than any other country in the world, both in terms of the raw number and also on a per capita basis. The most. The FDA has also authorized the first coronavirus antibody test developed by Cellex, a key step that will help identify people who have recovered and to understand their immune response and their immune system.

Moments ago, I directed Secretary Azar and Acting Secretary Wolf to use any and all available authority under the Defense Production Act to ensure that domestic manufacturers have the supplies they need to produce ventilators for patients with severe cases of C-O-V-I-D 19. You know what that is, right? Become a very famous term: C-O-V-I-D -- COVID.

This action will help General Electric, Hill-Rom, Medtronic, ResMed, Royal Philips, and Vyaire Medical overcome obstacles in the supply chain that threaten the rapid production of ventilators. We have over 100,000 being built right now, or soon to be started. We anticipate issuing more orders under the Defense Production Act in the very near future.

In addition to the one that I've just signed against 3M for facemasks -- we just signed an element of the Act against 3M. And hopefully they'll be able to do what they are supposed to do. I just spoke to Mary Barra of General Motors and she said they're very soon going to be ready to start production of the ventilators.

They have a lot of ventilators that they've committed to build, and they'll be starting very, very quickly. FEMA continues to deliver resources to areas most affected by the virus, including New York. On top of the 3,000 beds we're already providing to the Javits Center, the Department of Defense is adding another 48 ICU beds.

Governor Cuomo has asked that this facility go -- and it's a big, beautiful facility -- it be converted to a COVID hospital. And we hadn't done that yet. We hadn't thought in terms of doing that. But their use is -- their real demand is for that. And we had meetings on it with the task force. We had meetings with the military.

And I've decided to say, Yes, I'm going to do that, that I will be signing and agreeing to a yes answer. So that -- we will be doing that, and also, we will be staffing it. So the federal government is doing a lot of things that wasn't anticipated that it do. This is a 2,500 -- and/or 2,900 can easily be set up -- hospital built in Javits Center.

And so we're going to be converting that to a COVID-19 hospital. And it's going to be staffed by the military and by the federal government. And based on the fact that I agreed to that, we had two other facilities that were likewise asking for it, and that would be in Louisiana and also in Dallas. And we'll be doing those.

We spoke to the governor of Louisiana, spoke to the governor of Texas. And we've told them that we will be staffing those hospitals, again, above and beyond, but that's okay. We have to do that. In addition, the USNS Comfort is docked in New York to accept patients. That is a non-COVID. To date, FEMA has delivered more than 4 million N95 mask respirators.

And it's -- think of that: 4 million. Four million. Don't forget, we're a secondary source. The states are doing it and we're backing them up. But we've gotten 4 million N95 respirators, 1.8 million surgical masks, 460,000 face shields, 1.4 million gloves, and 4,400 ventilators just to the city and to the state of New York.

And some of them now are being sent. I spoke with both Governor Cuomo and Mayor de Blasio a little while ago, and some of them are being sent to the city. All of America stands with the people of New York in this time of need. It's definitely a hotspot, but we have other hotspots also. And we're taking them -- taking care of them very, very strongly, very powerfully.

We have the finest people in the world in those locations. And I think the federal government has not only acted early but acted quickly, professionally. There's no people like this. Doctors, nurses, first responders, and other healthcare providers who want to help New York at this critical time should visit website NYC.gov/HelpNow.

NYC.gov/HelpNow. They need help now. They need people to help them. We have great facilities, and we've built some brand-new facilities, big ones, but we need help. We need help for professional people. So if you're in an area that isn't so affected and you're a doctor, a nurse, a healthcare worker, please get to that website.

And we would really appreciate your help. New York City needs it. Louisiana, by the way, needs it. Michigan needs it. Whatever you can do. Those are very strong hotspots; they need help. In recent weeks, as the virus has spread and economic hardship has followed, we have seen Americans unite with incredible selflessness and compassion.

I want to remind everyone here in our nation's capital, especially in Congress, that this is not the time for politics, endless partisan investigations. Here we go again. Have already done extraordinary damage to our country in recent years. You see what happens. It's witch hunt after witch hunt after witch hunt.

And in the end, the people doing the witch hunt have been losing, and they've been losing by a lot. And it's not any time for witch hunts. It's time to get this enemy defeated. Conducting these partisan investigations in the middle of a pandemic is a really big waste of vital resources, time, attention. And we want to fight for American lives, not waste time and build up my poll numbers, because that's all they're doing because everyone knows it's ridiculous.

So we want to focus on the people of this country, even the people of the world -- we're going to be able to help them -- because, right now, as an example, we're building so many ventilators -- very, very hard to build -- but we're building thousands. Thousands of them. And a lot of them will be coming at a time when we won't need them as badly, because it takes time.

Very complex, very expensive. And we'll be able to help outside of our country. We think we'll be able to help. That s something that you cannot easily produce. As citizens, we re linked together by the shared bonds of national love, loyalty, and affection. There s no earthly force more powerful than the patriotic pride that stirs in our hearts.

And that is so true. It's incredible the job that everybody has been doing. Everybody. They don't sleep. They don't go to bed. Sometimes they get nothing. I said to somebody recently on the task force, How many hours sleep have you gotten over the last couple of days? The answer was none. None. In one Massachusetts neighborhood, citizens come out of their homes each night at 8 o'clock from their porches and they sing God Bless America.

Others have joined in spreading from house to house, down one street, up to the next, until their little town with a spirit of patriotism, and reminding all Americans that we're all in this together. We'll fight together and we will win together. We're going to win this. Now, what I'd like to do is -- I'm going to step out.

We have a meeting on this subject. And I'm going to step out just for a few moments. I'll be right back. We'll answer some questions. But you have some very hardworking people who have done an incredible job, led by Vice President Mike Pence, head of the task force. And then Jared Kushner is going to say a few words.

And Admiral Polowczyk, Peter Navarro, Dr. Birx, and myself. I'll be right back. So I'll see you in a little while. I did take a test; it just came out. This is from the White House physician. You may have it. It just came out. I just took it this morning. And I took it. It took me literally a minute to take it. And it took me, I guess it was 14 or 15 minutes.

I went to work. I didn't wait for it, but he said it took 14 minutes, or something, to come up with a conclusion. And it said, The President tested negative for CVOID-19. So that s the second one. I think I took it, really, out of curiosity to see how quickly it worked and fast it worked, and it s a lot easier.

I ve done them both. And the second one is much more pleasant, Jeff, I can tell you that. Much more pleasant. So I'll be back in a little while. And, Mike, please take over. Thank you. Thank you all very much. I ll be right back.

Sure.

Yeah. Sure. Peter, go ahead.

No, you re doing a good job. Thank you.

Go ahead. Go ahead. Answer --

You go ahead.

Come here. Come here. Come.

And, by the way, we've cut them out also, to be honest. We've stopped orders going from certain places. And in a couple of places -- like, we had a big order going to Italy on important outfits and some ventilators, and it was going to Italy. They made the order a long time ago. And I said, You got to let it go. They had an order.

And I could have cut it, under the Act. I could have cut it. I said, Nope, you can't do that. You got to let it go. You know, they have big problems. We had an order going to Spain, and I said, Let it go. I could have stopped it. I said, Let it go. We're going to be fine. I said, Let it go. So it works that way also.

One other thing, as to your question: Oftentimes -- and we've told this to the governors -- Mike, we've been very strong on this -- have -- if you think there's bidding between federal government and state, let us know and we'll drop out immediately, or you drop out and we lower the price.

No, no. If we re bidding against each other, I said find out who it is. And usually, they know. Everyone knows. And we re notified and we get notified, and we ll either drop out or they ll drop out. But we have another problem: There are 151 countries out there, beyond the states. There are 151 countries that have this problem.

And they re ordering too. It s really a mess. Now, in a little while, the hardest thing to get are the ventilators because they re -- you know, it takes a while to build them. And we have a lot. We have thousands of them being built right now. In a little while, they ll be worth about five dollars. But right now, they re very valuable.

And we re going to have a lot of them being shipped. And, in fact, that s why General Motors called up before -- Mary. That s why others called up two days ago. They called up that they re all in production. And they ll start -- they re starting to arrive in a week and a half. But there ll be a time when we re going to build stockpiles.

By the way, the states should have been building their stockpile. We have almost 10,000 in our stockpile. And we've been building it, and we've been supplying it. But the states should be building. We're a backup. We're not an ordering clerk. We're a backup. And we've done an unbelievable job. Like, for instance, who ever heard of a governor calling up, Sir, can you build us a hospital of 2,500 rooms?

And we built it. Can you build us four medical centers? We built it. Can you deliver a ship -- a hospital ship -- with 1,000 rooms? And we did it. And we did it in Los Angeles, too. We've been an unbelievable -- we ve done an unbelievable job -- these people. And so -- and thousands of people behind them.

But we're a backup. Ideally, those hospitals would have had all this equipment. Ideally, those states should have had all this equipment, and I think they will the next time. You know, you heard the case where thousands of ventilators could have been had at a very inexpensive price three years ago. And a certain state decided not to exercise that right because they wanted to build a road or they wanted to build something else because it's big money.

You're talking about -- I think it was a billion dollars. But you're talking about a lot of money for something that may never happen. Because normally, on a ventilator -- other than a pandemic or an epidemic -- you wouldn't -- you wouldn't need anything like this. Hospitals have three ventilators -- big hospitals -- and they get by with it. And now they want thousands.

I mean, they want thousands of ventilators. You call up a governor and he'll say, Sir, could you send us 40,000 ventilators? Nobody has ever heard of a thing like this. So, they've done some job. Let me just tell you, when Secretary Mnuchin spoke, they want you to call not .com but SBA.gov -- okay? -- for the application and for information.

Okay? So it's SBA -- small business -- SBA.gov, okay? If you don't mind. Yeah, let's go. Please.

Right.

Well, we re -- we re doing better than that.

Yeah. No, I understand the question. And we're doing better than that. We're going to try and get a cash payment to the people. And we're working out the mechanics of that with legislature. So we're going to try and get them a cash payment because just opening it up doesn't help as much. So we're going to work it out.

So we're going to try and get for that certain group of people -- it's a certain group of people -- a cash payment. Go ahead.

Well, they have that, and they have to work that out. What they should do is they should have -- long before this pandemic arrived, they should have been on the open market just buying. There was no competition. You could have made a great price. The states have to stock up. It's like one of those things.

They waited. They didn't want to spend the money because they thought this would never happen. And their shelves, in some cases, were bare. And, by the way, in some cases they weren't. They were beautifully serviced. They did a good job. But in some cases, their shelves were bare. So the best thing they can do is when times become normalized -- and they will, hopefully soon -- and actually, you're going to have a lot of excess material because so much is being done right now in terms of protective gear, protective outfits.

A lot is being done. It's going to be -- within six months, it s going to be sold for the right price. They got to stack up for the next time. But we are doing that. And the Admiral has done a fantastic job. Senator Schumer wrote a letter today and he says, You should put a military man in charge. I said, Well, Chuck, if you knew a little bit more, we have one of the most highly respected people in the military: the Admiral.

This is what he does too, very professionally. And he s in charge. But Chuck didn t know that. Okay. Jeff, please.

Yeah.

I don't know what they're agreeing to. I think they might agree to more than that. Look, Russia -- Russia --

Yeah. He did say that actually. Russia talked about 10 million barrels. Russia and Saudi Arabia are fighting over this. And as everybody knows, it's, you know, really killing an industry; hurting Russia badly, hurting Saudi Arabia badly. I said, This is an easy one. It should be an easy one. And it may be 10 and it may be more than that.

I was actually told it may be 10. As I told somebody before, it may be 10, and it may be more than that. Maybe it's 15. Maybe it goes up to 15. Could be as high as 15. And, you know, there's a tremendous oversupply right now. That industry was -- it was over-supplied before the virus. And when the virus came along, they lost 35, 40 percent of the world.

And there s an unbelievable -- you can't get a ship now. Every ship is loaded to the gills, sitting out someplace in the ocean. They re storage tanks. They re not even ships; they re storage tanks. So it would be great for Russia, it would be great for Saudi Arabia. I hope they make that deal, but that's what they told me they said --

-- they said it's --

Well, I think it will be hopefully soon. I think hopefully they ll announce something soon. Now, can a deal be broken? Can something happen where it doesn t happen? I guess. In which case there s another alternative. But I d rather not see that other alternative. I hope they can make a deal.

They both want -- I think they both want to make a deal. And they're both smart. They love their countries. They want to make a deal. It's good, but it's also good for the world if they do because you save an industry.

Yeah, please. Go ahead. Go ahead, in the back, please.

I'm going to let Mike, because we went over this very specifically. And I'll let you talk about it, Mike, because you responded last time.

Go ahead.

No, but I talked to him about it. And he wants to do what's right for the people of Florida. He's been a great governor. You could see that just by his popularity, which is extraordinary. We're proud of him. He's done a fantastic job and he made the decision. But we spoke before he made the decision, yes.

That I haven t heard. No, that I haven t heard.

I haven't heard that. Yes, please.

Well, I think they're going to be coming out with regulations on that. And if people want to abide by them, frankly, I don't think you -- I don't think there'll be mandatory, because some people don't want to do that. But if people wanted -- as an example, on the masks, if people wanted to wear them, they can.

If people wanted to use scarves, which they have -- many people have them -- they can. In many cases, the scarf is better; it's thicker. I mean you can -- if you -- depending on the material, it's thicker. But they can do that if they want. Now, a recommendation is coming out. We'll see what that recommendation is, but --

But I will say this, they can pretty much decide for themselves right now.

Nationwide.

Yeah.

Sure.

All right, maybe I will ask --

-- Dr. Birx. And you might mention that other point also. Yeah, thanks.

Good.

Go ahead.

They are being made.

They re moving very quickly -- it s happening -- in this case.

No.

No, No. We didn t discuss that. They want to do that, that's good for their countries, and we did not discuss that now.

Oh, I don t think so at all. But we're going to wait a little while because I understand there s a news conference by the Secretary of Defense about that. But, you know, I don't -- I don't agree with that at all. Not at all. Not even a little bit. Yeah.

Well, they have experts. And, frankly, long after, we came out and talked about it -- look, how would I have known to cut off China? I cut off China very early. And if I didn't, we would have a chart that you wouldn't believe. So how would I know to do that? How would I know to cut off Europe? I cut off Europe very early.

I mean, you have to make a decision. People knew that some bad things were going on, and they got off to a late start. And some others got off to a late start also. But we cut off China. If we didn't cut off China, we would have been in some big trouble. And we cut it off.

And you know what? We cut it off way early. Go ahead.

Too bad.

Who are you with? Who are you with?

Right. Right.

So, we haven't discussed it, but we're talking to them. You know, getting them not to pay copays, in the case of the big ones, was a tremendous thing. That's a lot of money they gave up. But we're discussing that with the insurance companies.

We ll let you know. It'll be pretty quickly. Yeah, go ahead.

Well, we're looking at a lot of things and a lot of different bans. We have more bans than anybody. We had bans when bans weren't fashionable if you remember, right at the beginning of this administration; it was for different reasons. But we've had bans long before people thought of bans. When I did China, it had never been done before.

I was the first one to do it. Remember that. It had never -- according to what I read in all the papers, this had never been done. This is a terrible thing to do. And four weeks later, they were all saying, We're lucky we did it. So we're looking at it. No, we heard that. And I think it's fine that they do that.

They're trying to protect their country and we have to protect our country. Yeah, please.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah.

He s a good governor, Brian Kemp. He's a very good -

He s a good governor and he has to make his own decision on that. I let the states -- I think we're about 85 percent positive on that, if you look. I think it's about 85 percent of the states have got the stay-at-home. Brian is a great governor. We ll -- it's his decision. He made that decision. Ultimately, he decided to go along with it.

And they're doing -- and they're doing well. And the state is doing well, in many respects. Yeah, go ahead, please.

We're accepting it. It was a very nice offer from President Putin. I spoke to him the other night, as I told you. And they had excess medical equipment, things. And I'll take it. I'll take it.

I think it's very nice. We've had some from China. We also help other countries. We like doing that. Like I said before, if we have excess stuff, we let it go out. We let some go out where, frankly, they had orders for it and I didn't want to stop orders. It was a very nice gesture on behalf of President Putin.

And I could ve said, No, thank you, or I could have said, Thank you. And it was a large plane of very high-quality medical supplies. And I said, I'll take it.

I think he would, if we asked for it. But he was very nice. It was part of the call. He suggested -- he said, We have it. It's additional. They have very big difficulties with this virus also, as you know -- Russia. I thought it was a very nice gesture on behalf of President Putin. I could have said, No, I don't want it, or I could have said, I'll take it. And you know what I said?

I'll take it.

I think so, yeah. If they sent things that we need, I d take it. Sure. Nice gesture.

I m not concerned about Russian propaganda, not even a little bit. He offered a lot of medical high-quality stuff that I accepted. And that may save a lot of lives. I'll take it every day. Please, in the back.

Oh, they re very hard hit. They re very hard hit.

In a lot of ways, they re hard hit. They re hit in -- with their economy, with their military, and with, obviously, the virus. They re very hard hit.

Well, they haven t even asked us to do that, okay?

You know what? They haven t even asked us to do that.

If they want to meet, we d love to meet and we d love to settle the whole thing out. But I doubt they ll be --

I think they love America. I think the Iranians love America. I think they d love to be free. I think they d love to have just some of the things that we have. You know, I remember Iran, many years ago -- friends of mine were always in Iran. They were doing real estate deals in Iran. They were building beautiful buildings all over Iran.

Apartment houses. It was -- they were very successful. And then, one day, that came to an end. But you know what? The people of Iran, they remember that. It was a long time ago, but not so long ago. And they remember it. And I ll tell you, they love America. They love what we stand for. And we re not looking for cha- -- we re not looking for government takeover, government change.

You know, this country has been through that many times. That doesn t work.

Well, what I did -- yeah. What I did, as you know --

-- I put it out very publicly, with respect to Iran. I said if they need help with respect to the virus, we'd love to send -- we have the greatest medical professionals in the world. We d love to send them over.

I m not encouraging or discouraging. They ve been a very hostile country. They made a deal that President Obama should have never made. It was a short-term deal giving them $150 billion, giving them $1.8 billion in cash. Green. Fill up this room five times. Look --

No. Not at all. Nobody has even asked me about it. I have a moral responsibility to help them if they ask. If they -- if they needed help, I would certainly consider different things.

Well, that s up to the United Nations. I m talking about us. And what happens is, if they wanted help -- because they have a very big case of virus. A very, very big case. It -- one of the worst on Earth, if you believe what you re reading. And I happen to believe what I see and what I know. And if they wanted help, we d give them help.

Yeah. You had one, in the back, please.

Go ahead.

Or they don t exist.

Or the sources don t exist. They re fake persons, okay? A lot of fake sources out there. They don t exist. I read about it -- for a long time, I ve been reading. A lot of them -- fakes sources. They don t exist. Go ahead. Please.

But, Deborah, aren t you referring to just a few states? Because many of those states are dead flat. I mean, so --

So, it s hard to get -- it s hard to be --

Again, so I look at the graphs all the time.

And you have many, many --

-- flatliners. I call them flatliners. I m amazed at them. And you have a couple that are up. It s hard to blame the flatliners for not doing a good job.

No, because I saw those pens going five minutes ago. They were so -- they were thrilled. And the fact is -- yes, we compare them to Italy. One place. But we have many places that are --

-- really doing great. And I think that's what Deborah meant. She didn t mean all of them. So when you write your story tomorrow, maybe you ll write it correctly. She was talking about one state. And another state is, you know, having a hard time. It s -- and they re closely associated. And, by the way, the people are doing a very good job, including the people that live there.

But when Deborah was talking about Italy, she was talking about the one, and then the other was lower. And then you have mostly states that have been unbelievable. So she wasn t talking about the average of everything; she was talking about an individual state, which is, I think, still better than Italy.

Italy is having a hard time. By the way, Spain is having a hard time. France is having a hard time. But our states, generally speaking, it's like lots of different countries all over. We have -- many of those countries are doing a phenomenal job. They're really flat. And I think that's what you meant.

I don't know. I don't want to -- I don't want to speak for -- but I thought -- that's what I understood she meant. Yeah, please.

Because some states, they stay in better. They re not touching. They re not -- whatever it is. They re not going out. They re not in groups. And some states are not probably as good, or for whatever reason. Or they also live a lot closer. You know, New York is very dense. And, you know, California is pretty dense too.

And they ve got a very good record going so far. We hope it doesn t spike up, but it s very flat. We have states that are doing incredibly well. I mean, when I looked at some of them, I looked at some states that I would have thought maybe wouldn t have done as well, and they re really flatlined. Hope they stay that way.

I hope they stay that way.

Say it, Jeff.

I want them -- yeah, that s what I m saying.

No, no, no. But when Deborah mentioned about Italy and our country, she wasn t referring to our country; she was referring to one state.

Okay. So my understanding -- I m going to let her say it. But I think that everybody would have to be thrilled with the way most states are doing. Thrilled.

The flat-line -- the flat-line states -- states that have almost no bump. I mean, I would think. Now, then you have others where, for whatever reason, they're higher. That's different. But you can't condemn people living in a flatliner with people living in something where there's the big bump or the bigger bump or more akin to Italy, where they have some very unique problems.

In all fairness to Italy, they have some very unique problems. But if you'd like to come up and --

A lot of them.

Yeah. That s exactly --

I think that's perfect.

So I just want to say -- look, many states have started low and slow, and then they stayed at a good level. Some really stayed at a great level. Some -- Louisiana, as an example: It was low and slow and they were looking great. I was watching it because, you know, it's kind of a place people go to with Mardi Gras -- which, sort of, is an interesting point, because after Mardi Gras, it was low, and then all of a sudden it went up very rapidly.

And now it's one of our true hotspots, right? Certain areas of Michigan -- Detroit was -- it looked like it was doing pretty good, and then all of a sudden it went up. So you have that too. But I'll tell you what: We have states that have been really incredible in the fact that they have kept so -- so low.

They have not -- you haven't seen the bump, and I hope you don't. I hope you don't. And you have a couple that, for a lot of different reasons -- and that's not to blame anybody, but they are at a higher level. But very few. I think, Deborah -- I mean, I may say: I think most people have actually followed the presidential -- you can call them whatever you want.

I would never use the word "dictates" because if I used that word, I would be in such trouble. In fact, you ll put me in trouble just that I even mentioned the thought of it. Okay? But we make a recommendation. And I think they've done a good job, and maybe they started a little later, but maybe they're also more difficult states.

But we've done, I think, on average, really phenomenally as a country. I think we've done phenomenally. Because when you looked at that graph the other day -- I don't know if you saw it; I assume you saw it. Everybody in the world saw it. But you look at all those lines on the bottom -- one color after another, all different, representing different states -- it's all crowded at the bottom.

And then you had two that were up. But you had -- I don't know, almost every one of them was down low. Very low. So there were a lot of people listening. And I just did -- I want to be clear because I don't need headlines tomorrow, and neither does the country, because I don't want this country working so hard and then have press that is, in this case, maybe misinterpret something.

Because I might have -- I might have -- when I heard it, I was surprised at first too, but I understood what Deborah meant.

But I think it's very important -- because I think it's very important for you to be accurate. One other thing. Just a quick thing. So, what I found is when governors call me -- I mean, I think in every case, they've always been so nice. So nice. And I've seen them and heard them say, "Thank you very much.

You have done a great job." "A fantastic job," in one case. "Thank you. Thank you. Thank you." Then I'll see the governor, usually of the opposite party. In almost all cases, except maybe one -- but in almost all cases, they're very generous, they're very nice. They thank me. Everything is great. We're doing a great job.

And then I'll see them on television, and just like a different person. And I realized there are some people, because of politics, that if they say, We want 1,000 ventilators, and I'll say, "No, Jim, I want to give you 5,000 ventilators," they'll say, "Thank you. You are the greatest President that's ever lived." And then, I'll see them quoted in a paper or see them on a show, and they'll say, "The President didn't come through for me. I'm very disappointed in the President." And we have a lot of that.

They're very happy when they talk to me, and then I see them. But there are some people, if they asked for 500 of something, and if I gave them 5,000, they will say -- you'll say, "How's the President doing?" "Well, we don't like the job." To my face, they're very nice, but then sometimes -- I guess, they assume I don't watch them or something, but I watch very closely.

Yeah, please.

Well, it's vulnerable in that it's close together, really. I -- I can't tell you about age, but a lot of young people in prison. Some people -- some states -- I have not done that at all, but some states are letting people out of prison. Some people are getting out that are very serious criminals, in some states.

And I don't like that. I don't like it. But it's a city or state thing in certain cases, as you know. I think maybe Philadelphia comes to mind. So we'll see. You have to see what what's going on. And we don't like it. The people don't like it. And we're looking in to see if I have the right to stop it in some cases, okay?

Oh, I think it s --

I think they re going through -- I think it s terrible. So, look, four weeks ago, we had the greatest economy in the history of the world. The greatest in the world -- greatest in the history of the world. We had the most jobs ever in the history of the United States. Almost 160 million jobs, right? And then, one day, I get a call from Deborah, who s fantastic, and from Dr. Fauci.

And he said and she said, We have a problem. I said, What's the problem? And they said, We may have to close it up. I said, Close what up? They said, Close up the country. And I said, What's that all about? And we discussed today -- and probably not since 1917; we came to that conclusion -- and she is a fantastic person, a brilliant person, and this is what she knows.

I said, Has it ever been this bad? And I think I can represent that you said no. And part of it -- it's a contagion. It's so contagious. It's like, if you sneeze, I probably get it. Whoever heard of a thing like that? Okay? And this very talented reporter is bailing out. Okay? He's out of here. I don't blame you.

But it's a very contagious thing, and -- probably the likes of which we've never seen in terms of that. But 1917 -- so that's over 100 years ago, but that was -- you know, it's been written about many, many times. That was a horrible -- whether it was 75 or 100 million people -- I've heard from 50 to 75, I've heard 75 to 100 -- but it was tens of millions of people.

Now, we have the advantage of communication. This could have been just as bad. I mean, here we can read on the Internet. We can see what to do. We can have these meetings; they can watch on television, which they do. A lot of people are watching. A lot of people are watching. And they say, Gee, social distancing.

But in 1917, they didn't have that option. You know, they didn't know what to do. They just noticed people were dying all over the place. Think of it: 75- to 100 million people died. A lot of people in this country died. I always -- to me, it's a great -- it's a great question: How come more people didn't die in this country?

And they say it actually started in this country and went to Europe. I mean, we lost a lot of people, but relatively, we lost very few compared to Europe. So this is a terrible thing that happened. And what's happening now, with people and jobs -- so think of the position I'm in. We have built all together, everybody -- not me, everybody -- the greatest economy in history.

And all of a sudden, people come in that we respect and we know. And here's the thing: They were right. Everybody questioned it for a while. Not everybody, but a good portion questioned it. They said, Let's keep it open. Let's ride it. If we did that -- you saw the other graph. And whether it's true or almost true or maybe not true enough -- the number was 2.2 million people would have died.

2.2 million people would have died in a short period of time. In fact, the graph could have been even shorter. I always noticed that that horrible one -- where it goes high -- it actually comes down a little bit faster. It might have been over faster and you would have lost 2.2 million people. So they come in and they say, We have to close up the country.

And I say, You know what that does to this -- to the fabric of this country, to people that had great jobs, great family, no problems with money? Their 401(k) -- everything is perfect, then all of a sudden, they go from that to having no job in one day. They never even thought of it. And then you see 6 million people unemployed.

Unemployment numbers get released and you see 6 million people. And it's an artificial closing. It's not like we have a massive recession or worse. It's artificial because we turned it off. Think of all we're doing. We're saying, Don't go to work and we'll pay you. Everything is the opposite. It was always, Go to work and make a lot of money and do well, and -- the American Dream.

Because of a hidden enemy, we re saying, Don't go to work and we're going to pay you. Look at the money: $2 trillion. And we will probably do more. I think infrastructure would be a fantastic thing to do. You want to get the restaurants back? You give deductibility. You understand what that is. You give deductibility for businesses where they go and they use the restaurants.

The restaurants will be bigger and better than they were before. You know, people don't know: A lot of restaurants closed when they ended deductibility. And then they started doing well, but they had fewer restaurants. But the boom of the restaurants is when they had deductibility, where corporations could use them.

So -- and entertainment. That was a great thing. But they closed it, and then they closed it again. And it wasn't the same. But if you want to get them back, you do that. But infrastructure: We borrow our money now at zero. You know, if were paying 5 percent, 4 percent, 3 percent, it's a different ballgame.

We re borrowing -- we can borrow long term for zero -- literally zero; you know that -- because we're considered the safe investment. All over the world, they want money in the United States. That's where they want the money. So I know better than anybody. I just -- I know what they're going through, and it's horrible.

But you know what I want to do? I want to be able to get them back fast. When this is over, it's going to be a day we're going to celebrate, because everyone is going to go to work and I think we're going to have boom times. I think it's going to be great. And we've learned a lot. We've learned about borders.

We've learned about reliance on other countries. We've learned so much -- so much that I think we really have a chance to be bigger and better and stronger. And I think it's going to come back very quickly, but first we have to defeat this enemy. So we will see you tomorrow. Thank you very much. Thank you.