Thank you very much. Appreciate it. A lot of tremendous things are happening. The number of new positive cases continue to decline nationwide. Recent hotspots appear to be stabilizing. The hotspots are, in some cases, very interesting what's going on. And they're going down; they're going in the right direction. Cases in the Boston area are now declining. The Chicago curve appears to have flattened, which is terrific. And Detroit is past its peak.

These trends demonstrate that our aggressive strategy to battle the virus is working and that more states will soon be in a position to gradually and safely reopen. It's very exciting. It was very exciting, even today, watching and seeing what's happening. And people are getting ready and they're all excited.

I do want to mention a man who's done a very good job for us: Dr. Robert Redfield. He was totally misquoted in the media on a statement about the fall season and the virus. Totally misquoted. I spoke to him. He said it was ridiculous. He was talking about the flu and corona coming together at the same time. And corona could be just some little flare-ups that we'll take care of. We're going to knock it out. We'll knock it out fast. But that's what he was referring to: coming together at the same time.

And I think rather than waiting, I'd ask Dr. Redfield to come up, say a couple of words just to straighten that out, because he didn't say it was a big -- a big explosion. The headline in the Washington Post was totally inaccurate. The statement wasn't bad in the Post, but the headline was ridiculous, which is -- as I say, that's fake news. And CNN is fake news like crazy, and they had just totally the wrong story, which they knew. They were asked to change it, and they wouldn't do that. And it was false.

So I'll ask Dr. Redfield, who is, you know, a real professional, to come up and explain. Please. Thank you, Doctor.

But I don't know what's to follow up.

He was misquoted. Totally misquoted. He said they could come together. They didn't talk about that. And his whole purpose in making the statement was to get a flu shot, so that next fall we don't have such a big season of flu -- and we possibly won't.

But, as you said, there's -- it's possible, if the corona even comes back -- and he doesn't know that it's going to and neither do I. We spoke a great length. And I think the doctor will speak, if you'd like to continue. But we may have some embers -- and we're going to put them out -- of corona. But we may have a big flu season. But that's different. Flu is very different from corona.

Yeah, go ahead. Sure.

And you may not even have corona coming back, just so you understand.

Doctor, would you like to explain that.

What does the headline say? What does the headline say? Go ahead, read the headline.

That's not what he says.

It's not what he said.

The headline doesn't correspond to the story.

You weren't called.

And, Doctor, wouldn't you say there's a good chance that COVID will not come back?

And if it does comes back, it's in a very small, confined area that we put out. Go ahead.

And if it comes back, though, it won't be coming back in the form that it was. It will be coming back in smaller doses that we can contain. But what the doctor was saying -- and I spoke to him a great length -- he was saying, if it should come back "together." Now you have a flu and you have the embers of corona.

But, in my opinion, from everything I've seen, it can never be like anything that we've witnessed right now. Would you say that's a correct statement?

It's nothing like what we're talking -- what we've just gone though, we will not go through. You could have some embers of corona, and you could have a big flu system. And if they combine, if they come together -- if they come together, it's not great. But we will not go through what we went through for the last two months.

Yeah, Jeff.

Is that a correct statement?

What -- it is estimated it might not come back at all, Jeff. It may not come back at all.

He's talking about a worst-case scenario where you have a big flu and you have some corona. And if it does come back, it's not going to come back -- and I've spoken to 10 different people -- it's not going to be like it was.

Also, we have much better containment now. Before, nobody knew about it. Nobody knew anything about it. We understand it. Now, if we have pockets -- a little pocket here or there -- we're going to have to put out. It goes out and it's going to go out fast. We're going to be watching for it.

But it's all possible. It's also possible it doesn't come back at all.

I didn't say it's not. I said if it does, it's not going to come back on anything near what we went through. But you could have a mess, where they come at the same time. And if they come at the same time -- the flu is not the greatest thing in the world, Jeff. It's not the greatest thing either. If they come at the same time, you have them both.

But if we have embers of corona coupled with the flu, that's not going to be pleasant, but it's not going to be what we've gone through in any way, shape, or form.

Yeah.

Because we have to have them for other reasons. Something else could come. I mean, we didn't know about corona; now we know about corona. But look at what happened. And now, we did have the H1N1 swine flu. We had that. We have other things that have happened. We had various forms of flu, but nothing like what we've had here. Nothing at all like what we've had here with the virus. But something could happen.

I think that the stockpiles -- we're making hundreds of thousands of ventilators right now. Nobody writes about that. You know, at the one time, all they talked about was ventilators, right? Because you didn't think it was possible for me to solve that problem. And I solved it and nobody can believe it.

I just spoke to world leaders today who desperately need ventilators. They said, "The job you've done... " And we're sending 500 to Mexico, then another 500 to France. We're sending some to Spain. We're sending some to Italy. We have them -- they're being made by the thousands.

And world leaders -- I spoke to Prime Minister -- I mean, I went through a lot of different calls today. I won't even tell you. But I went through -- I can give you a list if you want -- but I went through a lot of calls to a lot of leaders. Spoke with Pakistan; they would like to have some ventilators. We're going to get them some ventilators. But they all said to me one thing: It was incredible that you solved the ventilator problem because that was a big problem.

The testing problem. We've done more than any other nation in the world. Go a step further: If you added up the testing of every nation in the world, put them together, we've done substantially more than that. You people aren't satisfied.

So let's say we had 350 million people in the United States, right? Let's say. And if we gave every one of those people a test 10 times -- so we give 350 people a test 10 times -- the fake news media would say, "Where's the 11th time? He didn't do his job. Trump didn't do his job." Because you have a lot of bad reporting out there. It's very sad. And it's so bad --

But you're one of -- you're one of the leaders of the bad reporting. You know?

Okay, let's get onto another subject. I wanted that to be --

I wanted that to be cleared up. If you want, we can get on to it later, but I want the Vice President to speak. But you ought to get the news accurately. You ought to write it -- if you -- if you take a look at what you wrote about the ventilators -- and when we became the king of ventilators -- we're making different factories all over. Ventilators by the thousands.

In fact, Mike got back from Wisconsin. The first thing he did, he called up. I said, "How's it going?" He said, "You're not going to believe." He just saw a plant, a factory where they're making ventilators. I think I can say, the words were "unbelievable." He said it was unbelievable what he saw -- the quality of the equipment, the professionalism.

A tremendous number of -- how many workers would you say were there?

Nobody thought this could be done. The fake news was very unhappy that it was done. But you guys don't ask me about ventilators anymore.

Everybody. Everybody. Because you never mention it. You never mention it. There's no story that's what a great job we've done with ventilators.

We're now supplying ventilators all over the world. Because no other country could have done what we did. And you should say that's a great story. Instead you say, "Trump was slow" or -- slow? We were so fast.

Plus, we put the ban on so much earlier. When Nancy Pelosi, as an example -- you don't say this -- when she's having her rally in San Francisco -- in Chinatown, in San Francisco. Nobody wants to say that. If we didn't -- and Dr. Fauci said this -- if we didn't close our country to China, we would have been so infected, like nobody's ever seen.

When you saw the chart -- and we were at the top of the list, in terms of success -- nobody wrote it. I said,

Where -- is anybody going to use that chart? Nobody wrote it. In terms of mortality. You saw that. Nobody wrote it. Germany and our country: the most successful, in terms of mortality. Nobody wrote it.

It would be great if you wrote the truth, but let's get on with it because I want Mike to speak. And then we'll take some more questions, on the assumption you'd like to and I think you probably will.

It's been encouraging to watch states begin to open up as -- and it really has been; it's a beautiful thing to see -- as restrictions are lifted. We must maintain vigilance and continue practicing social distancing. I encourage governors to follow a careful, phased approach. And I want to remind all Americans to adhere to our guidelines. Very important. The governors are going to adhere, hopefully, or they're going to do what they think is best. I want them to do what they think is best, but ideally they'll adhere.

Wash your hands, avoid close physical contact as much as possible, and wear a face covering when distancing is impractical. There were cases.

We've flattened the curve and really made tremendous progress, but we must guard against a dangerous rebound. We don't want to rebound. That's so important. This is what we were just talking about. We don't want a rebound. The doctor doesn't want to rebound. These people definitely don't want to rebound. I don't think you want one, do you, huh? You especially.

We don't want to rebounds after all this death -- death -- that we've suffered. Not work -- I don't view it "work"; I view it "death" that was unnecessary. It should have never happened. It should have never left that little area where it started. You know it and I know it and they know it.

In our all-out war against the virus, we continue to make great strides on testing. Famous testing. Doing more than anybody else anywhere in the world. Nothing funny about that, Jon.

Most of the governors have never faced a situation like this before, but we're helping them find unused testing capacity within their states -- tremendous testing capacity that the governors, in many cases, didn't know they had. And additional capabilities are coming on line every day. We're coming up with new equipment, like the Abbott Laboratories equipment -- on site, five minutes. Great success. Everybody wants it. But you can only make so many of those machines, so we have many other forms of testing. We have many other machines that do it very quickly and by the millions -- by the millions.

Our task force issued its reopening guidelines earlier than April 30th to give governors the time that they needed to develop testing capability and capacity and customized plans for their states, which many of them did. We've had some governors do a fantastic job on testing and on a lot of other things.

I spoke -- as you know, Governor Cuomo was here. He had a -- we had a great conversation on testing yesterday, and they're doing a really good job in New York.

We're working very closely with each of the states to help them succeed. I spoke earlier today with Governor Newsom, California. And that was all about testing, that conversation. He has been scaling up really well. Really good job. And I agreed to help him get some of the critical supplies that California needs to make use of the tremendous capacity that they've found. This is a tremendous testing capacity. And I'm going to do it very quickly. He needs certain things. I'm going to -- we're going to get that to him very quickly.

Now, could he get it himself? Yes. But I can get it faster. He understands that. And he's done a great job. And we're going to have it to him -- we're going to have a lot of it to him over the next two days. And we're going to beef it up the following week, get him a lot of additional. He's done a really terrific job in California. Some of the governors have done a fantastic job, working with us.

I told the governor of Georgia, Brian Kemp, that I disagree strongly with his decision to open certain facilities which are in violation of the phase one guidelines for the incredible people of Georgia. They're incredible people. I love those people. They are -- they're great. They've been strong, resolute.

But, at the same time, he must do what he thinks is right. I want him to do what he thinks is right, but I disagree with him on what he's doing. But I want to let the governors do -- now, if I see something totally egregious, totally out of line, I'll do. But I think spas and beauty salons and tattoo parlors and barbershops in phase one -- we're going to have phase two very soon -- is just too soon. I think it's too soon.

And I love the people. I love -- I love those people that use all of those things: the spas and the beauty parlors and barbershops, tattoo parlors. I love them. But they can wait a little bit longer. Just a little bit. Not -- not much. Because safety has to predominate. We have to have that. So I told the governor, very simply, that I disagree with his decision, but he has to do what he thinks is right.

I'm excited to announce that, in the coming weeks, the Air Force Thunderbirds -- they're incredible -- and the Navy Blue Angels -- equally incredible -- will be performing air shows over America's major cities and some of the cities that aren't major cities. They're going to be doing a lot of work -- a lot of very dangerous flying. It's dangerous, you know -- the odds when you start going at massive speeds and you're 18 inches away from each other. That's dangerous work.

Your son is a great pilot. And I don't know if he could be -- could he be a -- could he be a Thunderbird? I don't know.

I think -- I think he probably could, from what I hear. I don't know if I'd want him to be, because it is -- it's incredible what they're able to do. And to sacrifice our frontline -- what we're doing is we're paying tribute to our frontline healthcare workers confronting COVID. And it's really a signal to all Americans to remain vigilant during the outbreak.

This is a -- a tribute to them, to our warriors. Because they are equal warriors to those incredible pilots and all of the fighters that we have for the more traditional fights that we win. And we win. If we want to win, we always win. Sometimes we don't want to win, so we just go to a standstill. But that's always -- that's not the way this country works.

Operation America Strong was the idea of our great military men and women -- the Thunderbirds and the Blue Angels crews who wanted to show support to the American medical workers who, just like military members in a time of war, are fiercely running torward the fight. It's going to be great. I want to see those shows. I've seen them many times and I can't get enough of them.

And on July 4th, we'll be doing what we had at the Mall, as you know. We're going to be doing it. Last year was a tremendous success and I would imagine we'll do it -- hopefully, I can use the term "forever." That was a great success as you remember, even though it was pouring. It was raining so hard. It was raining at -- that was about as hard as I've seen in a while, but it was an amazing success. Didn't bother the pilots. It didn't bother the military. It didn't bother the crews that we had there. So we're going to be doing that again on July 4th.

Our great military is operating at 100 percent during this crisis and thousands of troops are deployed alongside of civilians in the COVID hotspots, as you know. You see them all over. I spoke -- when I spoke with Governor Cuomo, and when I spoke to Gavin Newsom, and many of the other governors, they wanted to know if we could have some military help with the medical, and we -- we gave it to them. And in every case, they said, "Fantastic." I mean, just fantastic.

In New York City, Mayor de Blasio called me to say it was inspiring to watch. He was there when the military came in. He said it gave everybody spirit when he saw the professionalism and the spirit that they had. They walked in and they helped a lot of -- a lot of people: doctors, nurses, respiratory technicians, and professionals. It was an incredible thing. But they all -- everybody that saw them going to work said that was something special.

So we're going to have some tremendous air shows all throughout our country. And that's in honor of what we're all going through together, and the people that are helping us so much, and, unfortunately, the people who have passed away from something that should never have been allowed to happen.

Following around-the-clock negotiations yesterday, the Senate answered my call to replenish the Paycheck Protection Program so that millions of additional American workers can keep getting a paycheck. We just increased it by $310 billion dollars. I urged the House to pass the bill without delay. In our first round of funding, we've provided nearly $350 billion dollars, and it went at record speed to American workers and small businesses. And it's really been an incredible, incredible success.

I want to thank the banks. We have the big banks, the little banks, the commercial banks of all kinds. We had the community banks -- who were fantastic, by the way. Community banks.

And as you know -- this was an interesting story in recent days -- I've called for Harvard -- that's Harvard University, which has a $40 billion endowment fund -- to return the money that it was allocated under the CARES Act. And I'm pleased to announce that Harvard has announced today that they will not accept the funds, nor will Stanford University or many of the others that were involved both on a university level. Also on company level, some of the companies were bigger than people had represented or bigger than people had thought and strong enough that they didn't need the money. So there's a certain amount of money that we are not sending.

As soon as I heard it, I said, "Stop funds." And for the most part, I guess, they stopped it, Mike, right? They stopped it. But we're not -- they're not accepting the money, and that's great. And so I want to thank Harvard, I want to thank Stanford, and I want to thank the other companies in the case. It's broken differently between colleges and companies, but I want to thank the companies and the other great universities. And there's some great ones.

The legislation passed by the Senate yesterday also reserves $30 billion in loans for small financial institutions that serve minority and distressed communities. This is very important. We're determined to protect our African American, Hispanic American, and minority workers who have been hit so hard by this hidden enemy.

My administration is pursuing a comprehensive strategy to address the full spectrum of needs in these communities, supporting both health and economic revitalization. First, my administration is committed to providing the testing that is needed to fight the virus in distressed communities. In the last month alone, we've already sent over $1.4 billion to our nation's 13,000 community healthcare centers -- think of that, 13,000 -- to increase testing and treatment in the underserved areas.

We're also expanding access to telehealth. Telehealth has become a big deal. You know, I've been reading about it for years, and all of a sudden, because of this, it's become a big -- a big thing. People can't leave their houses. They didn't want to leave their houses for various reasons, including they wanted to follow the guidelines.

The legislation passed by the Senate yesterday -- and I want to thank everybody. A great, great vote. Great. It's -- as you know, it was a unanimous vote. How often do you see that? But the legislation passed by the Senate yesterday includes an additional $25 billion to further expand testing, and provides even more funding for community health centers and various forms of epidemics and pandemics. And we'll be working on that because, you know, as per a couple of your statements and questions before, we want to work on that for the future.

We hope this doesn't happen again for -- again, ever. But, you know, last time it was of this magnitude: 1917. That's a long time ago. So we want to be prepared. And we are prepared.

And, as I told you, we're building up hospital -- not only our stockpile, which is being up greatly -- being built up greatly -- but also hospital stockpiles. We're getting them what they need. We're working out cost arrangements with them. And we're getting them a lot of the ventilators, which are the hardest thing for them to get, both from a cost standpoint and a technical standpoint.

At the same time, we're also supporting the establishment of new testing sites focused on these communities. Forty sites have launched so far, and there are plans to launch dozens more in the next three weeks. We're -- we're coming up with testing apparatus and testing plans that are incredible when you look at the numbers. And some people are very, very big on testing. I'm big on testing, but some people are much less big than I am, I will tell you, and they're professionals. But we want to have it so that nobody can talk about, "Gee whiz, I wish we had more testing."

Nobody has done it like we've done it, and nobody will. And we're getting very much stronger. We have incredible professionals doing it. So many different tests have now evolved, people are finding it even hard to believe.

My administration is working closely with governors to ensure that they have the testing infrastructure in place to reduce further spread of the virus if they're so inclined to use the testing apparatus, including strategies for older individuals, low-income Americans, minorities, and Native Americans.

As part of the effort, the White House Task Force, headed up by Mike, who has done incredible -- I'll say it every time. I'll say it to anybody that wants to listen: Mike Pence has done an incredible job. Really, an incredible job. Thank you. Is providing technical assistance to all 50 states through one-on-one phone calls as they develop and implement their plans.

In addition, my administration is committed to restoring black and Hispanic communities to full economic health. They want to be healthy, economically and physically, and that's what we're doing.

To that end, today I'm directing the White House Opportunity and Revitalization Council, led by Secretary Ben Carson, to focus its effort on supporting underserved communities impacted by the coronavirus. And so Ben Carson is working on that with Mike and myself and a lot of other people. I'm going to ask Tim Scott, who was so helpful with the Opportunity Zones. That's an economic answer to a lot of problems. And Tim Scott was fantastic, and so I'm going to ask him to get involved with you. And I'm sure he'll be willing to do it from South Carolina.

I also asked the council to identify what additional funding will be required from Congress beyond what has already been provided. We're really building ourself a strong base and we're building ourself a wall that's very different from the kind of walls that you've been hearing me talking about. But it nevertheless, in many ways, performs the same function. And hopefully it's going to perform it equally as well.

Furthermore, the council will seek input from the private sector and community leaders on how we can best support minority and distressed communities.

As President, I'm absolutely determined to deliver a great future for Americans of every race, religion, color, and creed. Before our nation was attacked by this horrible enemy, our African American and Hispanic American citizens were prospering like never before. Best employment numbers ever. Not only African American, Asian American, Hispanic American -- every American. We were breaking records at every level. We had almost 160 million people employed. We were never even close to that number. And we're also breaking them economically -- highest stock market numbers, highest numbers of every kind. And I think we're going to be back there, and I think it's going to be much sooner rather than later. And I think we'll surpass those numbers, including our employment numbers.

But I'll not rest until that prosperity has been fully restored. And, again, I really believe that we're going to lift those numbers higher than ever before. And it won't be as long as people might think. A lot of very smart people are looking at that and they're betting. You just have to look at what's going on with the stock market.

In order to protect our great American workers, I've just signed an executive order temporarily suspending immigration into the United States. This will ensure that unemployed Americans of all backgrounds will be first in line for jobs as our economy reopens. Crucially, it will also preserve our healthcare resources for American patients. We have to take care of our patients, we have to take care of our great American workers, and that's what we're doing.

So I've just signed it, just before coming into the room. And very important, very important. And as to amending it or extending it, that we can do at the appropriate time. But it's now signed.

Earlier today, the First Lady and I planted a tree on the South Lawn of the White House in recognition of the 50th annual Earth Day. I was glad to announce that we will begin to reopen our national parks and public lands. We want Americans to be able to satisfy and be really safe. We want them to satisfy their family that safety is going to happen. And it will happen, and maybe even at a level like never before. We've learned so much. But we want them to enjoy these great national treasures as we continue to take reasonable precautions. And hopefully, it'll be just reasonable.

My administration has directed more than $7 billion in federal funding to support the development of treatments, diagnostics, and therapies. And that's something, Doctors, I hope you can really work on. It's something so powerful and so important.

The FDA, the NIH, and industry leaders are establishing master clinical trial protocols to test multiple promising new drugs at the same time. And they're doing a lot of -- we're doing a lot of testing right now.

More than 1,600 locations across the country have signed up to administer convalescent plasma to patients, infusing them with antibodies of those who have recovered. And when they recover -- I said it last time -- practically, the first thing they say is, "I want to give my blood so that I can help other people." They want to give their blood. It's incredible. They're laying in bed, they're still in pretty weakened conditions, and they say, "I want to give my blood." And that's happening all the time, isn't it? If you recovered from the coronavirus, I ask you to consider contacting your local blood or plasma donation center to arrange a donation that could potentially save many lives.

With love for our nation and loyalty for our fellow citizens, we will safeguard our families, care for our neighbors, heal the sick, protect our workers, and build a future for a country that is the greatest country anywhere in the world. And we're only going to get greater.

Thank you very much. Mike Pence, please.

Great.

Okay. Go ahead, please.

Well, we could talk about that later. It's an executive order on immigration. We want Americans to have the jobs. We want Americans to have the healthcare. We want to take care of our citizens first. We have to. And it's a very powerful order. It's for 60 days. At the end of 60 days, or maybe even during 60 days, I'll extend it or not. And I'll maybe change it. I might modify it.

Yes.

Yeah, go ahead, please.

We're talking about immigrants that are trying to get in, and we're talking about people and -- also, by the way, people that are coming in illegally.

Now, as you know, because you've seen the numbers, our border -- our southern border -- is very, very tight. It hasn't been this tight in years. It's being helped by 160 -- more than that -- miles of wall that are going up. I'm trying to get to 450 by the end of the year -- 450 miles.

And we'll have 530 miles early next year, and that's really great. It's fully funded. We have all the funds. And the Army Corps of Engineers is doing a fantastic job. Same people that did Javits Center, as you know. They're doing a fantastic job. So our -- our southern border is very, very tight, for good reason -- for very good reason.

We're also being helped by 27,000 very good soldiers from Mexico, and I want to thank the President of Mexico. He's been terrific in many ways, including on what we're doing with COVID. And, as you know, we have a very good trade arrangement with Mexico now, which we didn't have before. So I want to thank the President of Mexico, in particular for the 27,000 soldiers.

They're doing -- they're doing a fantastic job.

Yeah, we want to protect our healthcare workers, and that's one of the other reasons we're doing this.

Yes, Jon.

I -- I've never heard of him. You just mentioned the name. I never heard of him. When did this happen?

Well, I've never heard of him. If the guy says he was pushed out of a job, maybe he was, maybe he wasn't. I -- you'd have to hear the other side. I don't know who he is.

Please.

Hold on one second, please.

Hope so.

Well, we're going to probably have 25 percent of what we had last year. Last year, as you know, it was maxed out -- maxed out. I saw a magnificent picture of Dr. Martin Luther King and I saw a magnificent picture of our event last year, and both of them were maxed out. It was beautiful to see. Beautiful. Very similar.

This year, most likely, we'll be standing six feet apart. We'll have to do that in a very, very interesting way. And maybe we'll even do it greater, so we'll leave a little extra distance. But if we do that, we'd certainly do that.

I -- I don't see, maybe, the purpose if we can't do that. We have to have people. Thousands -- we had tens of thousands -- most of you were there -- tens of thousands of people last year. It was incredible. And it was, to an extent, an air show of all the different aircraft flying over. We even had Air Force One flying over.

So ideally, it would be wonderful if we could actually have it as it was last year. But -- and, eventually, we'll -- we will have that. I think it's important to know: Eventually, we are going to have that.

Your stadiums are going to be the way --

-- they've been for the last hundred years.

No, I know. But your stadiums -- as an example, sports -- are going to be the way they used to be. I mean, I told one of the owners. He said, "Do you think I should take out seats?" I said, "No, you shouldn't take out seats." We're going to have it the way it was. We're going to be back.

This virus will eventually be gone. And if it should show up in the fall, we're going to put it out very fast. We have great people. We're going to put it out very fast, because we've learned a lot. We've learned a lot about how to deal with this, and we'll put it out very fast.

Yeah, please.

Nice -- just nice and easy. Just -- good.

Yeah.

Well, I am doing that.

And -- and let me just say, we are the king of testing already. There's no country in the world that's done more. Not even -- not even close.

I just said there's no country in the world that's done more. And we have tests that have already come out that are going to be introduced very shortly that will do it more.

My problem is this: It's a -- it's very much of media trap. Whether we did 2 percent, 5 percent, 50 percent, or 100 percent, it'll never be enough, no matter what.

Now, with the -- with the expertise and with what we did -- because of our expertise and tremendous talent at manufacturing -- what we did with the ventilators, that wasn't a trap. Because we got them done, shockingly to everybody, because of the incredible talent -- like Mike Pence saw yesterday in Wisconsin. But we have numerous of those sites all over the country doing the same thing.

So that when the governors were complaining -- some of the governors, I must say. And it was very much along party lines, for the most part, but when they -- except for one. When the governors were complaining, we said, "No, no. How many do you need?" "We need 50." "We need 100." One governor asked for many, many, many thousands, and it turned out they didn't need that, and that's good. We got them and nobody that needed a ventilator -- you know this, and we went through this with the governors -- that needed a ventilator didn't get a ventilator. That was an incredible achievement.

With testing, it's a little different. It's much easier than ventilators. It's like 2 percent. But -- for instance, the swabs are coming in by the millions. They're coming in -- literally coming in by the millions. Totally ordered. We wanted the highest quality. We could have gotten a much lesser quality. We didn't want to do that. We got the highest quality.

But, testing -- it's like no matter how well you do, you can always say more. With the ventilators, they either have them or they don't. In fact, we went to one meeting -- "Who wants a ventilator?" One governor -- one governor said, "We'd like 25." "Twenty-five. You got them. Who else?" Nobody spoke up. That was four weeks ago. So that was great.

The problem with the testing is, as I said, if we test -- if we tested 350 million people, you'll say, "Well, we want them to have a second test or a third test or a fourth test."

Not everybody believes as strongly as some people in testing. Some people want to do testing because they think it's impossible for us to fulfill that goal. That's easy compared to ventilators, as I've said. But we have a tremendous testing capability -- better than anybody in the world right now. And every day, it's growing. And it's growing very substantial. I mean, these doctors are very talented people. They've seen testing all their lives. They've never seen anything like we've been able to do.

So, we're going to give everybody what they want with the testing. But again, testing -- and I've said it from the beginning: The actual test has to be administered locally. You can't do from Washington or faraway locations -- federal testing -- nearly as well as you can, where you have a governor, he has mayors, and they have representatives, and -- and they know the back of a Walmart -- put it in the parking lot in the back of a Walmart or put it in a certain location in different states. They're doing it beautifully. It's working beautifully.

The relationship I have with the governors, and Mike has, and we all have with the governors, I would say, other than one or two -- but even them, they don't complain. They're not complaining. So we're doing tremendous testing. And ultimately, we're doing more testing, I think, than probably any of the governors even want.

Okay. Please, Jennifer.

It's green cards for -- subject --

It's subject to change. We have some people coming in, for instance, helping the farmers. We want to have the farmers take care -- they've been coming for years and years, and they're helping our farmers, and they've -- they've been coming in for years.

We don't want to do -- you know, the border has been turned off a number of times over the years. And you know what happened? Our farmers all went out of business. They were out of business. They couldn't farm. We're taking care of our farmers. Nobody ever took care of farmers like I take care of farmers.

Including the $19 billion that we're dispersing to farmers because of some very good things that happened.

No, no. Just it might be modified. It could be modified next week, in two weeks. It could be modified in two months. No, we may modify it as we go along. But right now, we have a very powerful immigration ban, but it could be modified -- meaning made tougher or made less tough. We don't want to hurt our businesses, and we don't want to hurt our farmers. Very important.

Look, I'd like them to listen to their governors. All of their governors. I have the right to do, if I wanted to clamp it down, but I have respect for our governors. They know what they're doing, I think. And, as you know, Brian Kemp, governor of Georgia, I worked very hard for his election. He beat their superstar. He beat the superstar of their party. I think you can say, I helped a lot.

Michelle Obama, Barack Obama, Oprah Winfrey -- they all went in. They campaigned for him very, very hard, and he lost. He also was way down in a primary, and he ended up winning a primary after I came out and endorsed him. So, a lot of good things and there's a lot of good feeling between myself and Brian Kemp. I like him a lot.

I happen to disagree with him only on time and timing. I disagree. When you have spas, beauty parlors -- and I love these people -- I know the people from spas and beauty parlors, tattoo parlors. Bikers for Trump -- a lot of tattoos. I love them. I love these people. And barbershops. These are great people. But you know what? Maybe you wait a little bit longer until you get into a phase two.

So do I agree with him? No. But I respect him, and I will let him make his decision. Would I do that? No. I'd keep them a little longer. I want to protect people's lives. But I'm going to let him make his decision. But I told him: I totally disagree.

Okay.

Yeah. Well, we're doing that automatically. I mean, that's almost common sense. But we're doing that automat- -- I mean, you look at the State of Washington. That was our first glimpse of it. They got hit so horribly in that nursing home. It seems -- it seemed like everybody was from a particular nursing home.

So we knew immediately that was going to be a problem. And we're doing that, 100 percent.

We're taking very special care of our nursing homes and our seniors, other than me. Other than me. Nobody wants to take care of me. But other than me, we're taking care of our seniors.

Yeah, please, Mike. Go ahead.

How about right behind Jennifer? Go ahead.

We'll get back -- we'll get back to you.

Very easy. They can get new machines if they want, but even if they didn't, we have tremendous testing capability. You take a look at what's happening in California and New York. Governor Cuomo told us very strongly -- he said, "Wow, we have a lot of labs." You know, that's a research center of the world. They have tremendous -- in California, too. Long conversations. They have tremendous testing capability there too. Now, if they want to increase it, they can increase it, but they have plenty right now.

You saw the maps the other day, when we put up the different sites in various states, and virtually all states are like that.

How about you with the mask? Nice that you wear a mask.

Who did the maps? Do you -- do you want do that? Do you want to say something?

But without building new, they have tremendous capability. And --

And many of the governors were not aware that those laboratories were available.

Jon, you didn't know that was in the guidelines?

No, but it's right -- but it's right in the guidelines.

I'm surprised at you.

Jerome, would you like to say something on that, please? Please.

Thank you, Jerome. Thank you. And I have to say our Surgeon General is doing a great job. Thank you.

Great job. Really good.

OAN, in the back, please.

No. We're covered -- we're covered 100 percent. We don't want their gunboats surrounding our boats and traveling around our boats and having a good time. We don't want them anywhere near our boats. And -- so you know the order I gave. I don't think I have to say it again, but I've given that order.

Under the Obama administration, it was taking place all the time. Under my administration, I gave this order early on and nothing happened. They were very nice; they were no problem. But then I noticed yesterday, they did that in a much lighter form, but they did that again. I said, "We're not going to -- we're not going to stand for it."

So if they do that, that's putting our ships at danger and our great crews and sailors at -- in danger. I'm not going to let that happen. And we will -- they'll shoot them out of the water.

No, that's not rules of engagement; that's a threat when they get that close to our boat. And they have guns. They have very substantial weapons on those boats. But we'll shoot them out of the water. Okay?

Please.

Pets.

What about the lion in the New York Zoo?

How did that -- how did that happen?

Yes.

He did what? What?

That, I don't know. But I -- you're just telling me something. And what's the second?

No problem with face masks, if the governors want to do that. You know, we ordered -- I don't know if you know -- 500 million face masks. We have hundreds of millions right now. And if people want to wear them, it's up to the governors. If the governors want that, it's absolutely -- now, it's more appropriate in some states, obviously, than others. You have the big plains and you have certain states where it's much less necessary.

But, no, that's up to the governors. And we have that very well covered, I think, face masks. But we have --

We have hundreds of millions of face masks, and we have at least 500 million. That's a lot. We'll have them very shortly.

Well, I don't know. Would anybody like to speak about it? I don't -- I think, if -- for -- as -- just so you understand, if somebody wants to wear them, I'm all for it. Would somebody like to discuss that?

Jerome, please.

Yeah, but I'm right next to you, so.

No, I think it's .

He's answered that question.

Just a wise-guy question, that's all.

Please, go ahead.

You mean the shot they took? Well, they say no. Okay? They say all sorts. "It was for television". Does anybody really believe that? They want to have better television in Iran, so they say.

No, we're watching Iran very closely. Very closely.

We know more about Iran than they do. Right now, we know more than they do. So we know all about it. We watched it; we knew it was going up. We followed it very closely. They say it was for television.

Yes, please.

Go ahead. Finish up there, please.

See what? What is vulnerable?

Her, I read where various navies have had outbreaks of COVID. Look, we're in 184 different -- different nations right now. A hundred and eight-four -- the COVID.

No, we have a problem on -- that just shows you how rapidly it spreads. It started off with two sailors and then 10 sailors and 20, and now I hear it's 540, of which one has died and a few are very sick. But most of them are back in -- you know, in great shape. But we did -- we did lose one, and it attacked the lungs of that young person. And then we also had a number of that were quite sick, but they're all either better or getting better. But most of them are better for a long time already.

Okay, please.

Yeah, just one second.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Look at South Dakota, how well the governor is -- yeah, look at South Dakota, how well the governor has done there. And, all of a sudden, you have a big spike in one location. And she's got that very much under control, as you know. But nevertheless, that was surprising. And they had a big one right near where you were yesterday, as I understand it. And -- so yeah, we're concerned about that.

They're closing one or two of the plants, actually.

Yeah, totally secure. It's in great shape.

Yeah, in the back. You didn't go.

Against China.

Yeah.

Well, I haven't seen the case. I know about the case. He filed a case against China. I love Missouri, as you know. It's great. But I'm going to take a look at it. I actually know about it very much. I have to take a look at it. I have not seen the case, in terms of reading it, but I will be doing that.

Well, we're going to have to take a look. Oh, we're doing investigations. We're doing our own. But I do want to see and review that lawsuit. I'm sure that won't be the last one.

Yeah.

Yeah, sure.

And why did you say that he has great gifts or gifts? What, do you know him?

No, no, but have you reviewed him? Have you -- have you studied him? Have you reported on him? You said, "his gifts." His gifts. I mean --

Well, that doesn't mean you have gifts. I know a lot of people, they play baseball, but they can't hit 150 in the Major Leagues.

No, no, but you talk about his great gifts.

Go ahead, please.

Please, go ahead. You can go. Please.

From where? From where?

And they didn't want to say what? What does that mean? Tell me.

What does it mean? Repeat it. Say it a little differently.

Oh, really? That's interest- -- is he a Democrat?

Well, check it. How can you ask that questions without knowing?

Check it out. You'll find out.

Okay, what's the next question?

How would he know what I felt? I never spoke to him. I don't even know who he is.

You don't know who he is either.

Okay, it doesn't help me, and it doesn't help you.

Okay, go ahead, Jeff.

Do we want to keep going a little while longer or no?

You're not going to say, "Oh, he took questions all night long"?

Okay? Right?

Okay, well, good. How many questions can you ask? Go ahead.

We -- we all have fun, because we're talking about something very important.

The main thing is I think we're getting to a lot of solutions. We never want this to happen again. We never want this to happen again -- what happened. And if it should come back in some form, we want to snuff it out very quickly before anything can happen.

And I personally hope it doesn't come back in the fall as a combination of the flu or not as a combination of the flu. But I think we learned a lot. And, you know, some of these questions are good. Some of them are ridiculous, frankly, but some of them are very -- I think some of them are very important questions. Very important. You know, when you asked Dr. Fauci about the right to speak -- if I let him speak, I'll let anybody speak. And we love him.

Let's go.

I -- I heard he said that.

I don't know -- I don't know what he said. I'll have to call him and ask him.

Well, that's okay. I'm going to have to look at it directly.

I can't tell you that. I have to see -- I want to base it on fact and reason. I want to see what he said -- you know, why he said it and how he said it. I'd have to watch him say it. But some of the states are not doing well, let's face it. And some are doing phenomenally well. A state where Mike was governor, Indiana -- I looked at their numbers. They have -- it's incredible what they're doing.

Some states are doing fantastically well. Iowa is doing great. You have -- you have states doing well, and you have some states that aren't doing well. We know the ones. I don't have to mention the ones that aren't doing well, but you do have states that are in trouble. And certainly they're coming back to talk to us. We'll see what happens.

Well, we have a choice. Do we have a choice? Yeah. I'm always concerned about everything. We had to fix this problem. This was -- we were attacked. This was an attack. This wasn't just, "Oh, gee."

And this wasn't the flu, by the way. You know, they like to say the flu. Nobody has ever seen anything like this. 1917 was the last time. We were attacked. We had the greatest economy in the history of the world. We had the greatest economy -- better than China, better than any place. They will tell you that. I dealt with them for a long time, and they will tell -- we have the greatest economy and we built it in the last three years, three and a half years we built it.

And then one day, they came and they said, "You have to close it." I said, "You got to be... " "These people right here, they said you have to... " They came into my office -- into the Oval Office, and they said, "We have to close the economy." I said, "Let's explain this. Explain this to me." The greatest ever in history and we had to close it.

Now we're going to open it again, and we're going to be just as strong or stronger. But you have to spend some money to get it back open. We saved our airlines. We just, as you know, finished up with the airlines. We saved numerous companies -- that are great companies -- that, two months ago, were having the best year they've ever had. Now, all of a sudden, they're totally shut out of markets.

There was a great spirit today. You know, the fact is some of the governors are opening up their states. And I saw it. I feel it. I don't know if you folks feel it. I feel it. There was a great spirit today. I don't know, the stock market was up today, I guess. It was up quite a bit when I just walked out here.

And I will say I feel much different today than I did two or three days ago, and I think the world does. We spoke to a lot of leaders. The world feels that we're really leading a path of optimism. The European Union is having a lot of difficulty. You know, you take a look at what's going on with the European Union; it's having tremendous difficulty.

But we're going to be back, and we're going to be back stronger than ever. We're going to be at a level, I think, that everybody is going to be look -- and they do; they look up to us. They want to know what are we doing. What are we doing with therapeutics? What are we doing with vaccines? We're going to have those answers too. We're going to have them, just like we took care of ventilators, just like we're taking care of -- and, already, as we said 100 times, we had more testing than any nation in the world. We had more testing than all of those nations put together that we mentioned the other day -- all of them put together. And we're going to be, within two weeks, at a level that nobody has ever even seen before.

They've never seen where we are right now. You don't have to build new machines. You don't have to build new labs; we already have them. But some of the labs are even upgrading to be able to double and triple their capacity, in one case. No, we're at a level that nobody has ever been. We're going to be bigger, better, and stronger than ever before. So I'm not concerned about that. Thank you very much.