Well, thank you very much everyone. We had a very big day today. I want to start by saying that our love and prayers of every American continue to be with our fellow citizens who have lost a cherished friend or a family member to the virus.

Amidst our grief, we're making tremendous strides against this invisible enemy. Thanks to our aggressive campaign against the virus and the extraordinary talent of our medical professionals, our mortality rate remains roughly half of that of many other countries and one of the lowest of any country in the world. And that's due to a lot of -- a lot of things, but our medical professionals have been incredible.

Since we announced our "Guidelines on Opening Up America," as we call it -- we say "Opening up America," and we add the word agun . I think we can add the word, probably, "again." But that's what it is: We're opening up America again.

Twenty states representing 40 percent of the U.S. population have announced that they are making plans and preparations to safely restart their economies in the very near future. So that's 20 states; that's about 40 percent of our country. They're moving along pretty quickly. Three announced today, as you know, and they're going to be doing it safely. They're going to be doing it with tremendous passion. There's -- they want to get back to work. The country wants to get back to work.

A short time ago, the Senate passed the Paycheck Protection Program and Healthcare Enhancement Act, with additional funding for the Paycheck Protection Program, hospitals, and testing. A lot of money for all of them, especially for our workers and our small businesses.

My administration has worked aggressively with Congress to negotiate this critical 482-billion-dollar funding package. We reached a deal that includes $382 billion in crucial small-business support to keep workers on the payroll; $75 billion to aid hospitals, which really need the aid, and very badly -- I'm very proud of that; and $25 billion to support coronavirus testing efforts.

I urge the House to pass the bill, and they're going to be voting on it, I imagine, very -- very soon.

I think while we're here, and so he's a very busy man, as you know -- Secretary Mnuchin -- he's going to be running back, so I thought we'd do -- we'll talk about that now, and we'll take a couple of questions on that. And then he can go and start phase four, as the ink is drying.

Probably, they'll be voting tomorrow in the House, but shortly. Shortly. And I think we have tremendous support.

So, Steve, please come up. Say a few words. Steve? Yeah.

And not for Harvard, you might say, Steve.

I'm going to request.

I'm going to request.

Yep.

Harvard is going to pay back the money. And they shouldn't be taking it. So, Harvard is going to. You have a number of them. I'm not going to mention any other names. But when I saw Harvard, they have a -- one of the largest endowments anywhere in the country, maybe in the world, I guess. And they're going to pay back that money.

They shouldn't have taken it.

One more. Jon.

That was a very nice question. Very good.

Thank you, Steve. See you later.

That was a nice question, actually. It's a good question, too.

So the noble fight against the invisible enemy has inflicted a steep toll on the American workforce. As we all know, millions of Americans sacrificed their jobs in order to battle the virus and save the lives of our fellow citizens. We have a solemn duty to ensure these unemployed Americans regain their jobs and their livelihoods.

Therefore, in order to protect American workers, I will be issuing a temporary suspension of immigration into the United States; you heard about that last night. By pausing immigration, we'll help put unemployed Americans first in line for jobs as America reopens. So important. It would be wrong and unjust for Americans laid off by the virus to be replaced with new immigrant labor flown in from abroad. We must first take care of the American worker -- take care of the American worker.

This pause will be in effect for 60 days, after which the need for any extension or modification will be evaluated by myself and a group of people, based on economic conditions at the time. This order will only apply to individuals seeking a permanent residency. In other words, those receiving green cards -- a big factor -- it will not apply to those entering on a temporary basis.

As we move forward, we'll examine what additional immigration-related measures should be put in place to protect U.S. workers. We want to protect our U.S. workers. And I think, as we move forward, we will become more and more protective of them.

This pause on new immigration will also help to conserve vital medical resources for American citizens. A short break from new immigration, depending on the time we're talking about, will protect the solvency of our healthcare system and provide relief to jobless Americans.

Today, Vice President Pence visited the hardworking men and women of General Electric Healthcare in Madison, Wisconsin, who are working three shifts a day to quadruple their production of ventilators.

We're way ahead of schedule on ventilators, as you know. That's why it's never brought up by the media. They don't like to bring things up when we're doing so well. GE is also working with Ford to make 50,000 ventilators in the next 100 days -- more than our entire country typically produces in a very long period of time. Doing that in a matter of a few weeks and a few days.

Earlier today, I had a very productive meeting with Governor Cuomo, as you probably saw, to discuss his statewide testing strategy and how we can work together to help expand it, with the goal of doubling testing in the next few weeks. And New York State will be continuing to control the testing of their citizens and will also manage the state and local laboratories. They have a lot of great laboratories there -- more than anybody would ever have known, frankly.

The federal government will work along with the state on the national manufacturers and distributors. Together, we'll all work together to help them secure additional tests, and we hope that this model will work with the other states as well. I think it will, for the most part. New York has a lot of very exceptional laboratories, but most of the states do. It's -- you saw the chart yesterday. Most of the states do.

I'm proud of the relationship my administration has forged with New York and, I can say very honestly, with New York State and New York City. They've been terrific to work with. The New York metropolitan area has been the epicenter of the outbreak here in America, and the federal government has spared no expense or resource to get New Yorkers the care they need and the care they deserve. We've sent over 5 million masks. We had 5 million masks. And now that number, as of about two days from now, will be more than doubled.

Thousands of ventilators -- in fact, so many ventilators that the governor is going to be sending up some to -- to Massachusetts and a couple of other locations. We have a great deal of ventilators, which people thought would be impossible about a month ago.

Thousands of hospital beds and the USNS Comfort was sent, as you know, to New York. And it was originally for more of a normal medical purpose, and we changed it over so that it could take care of people that had the unfortunate circumstance of going through the problem that we -- that we know so well; unfortunately, that we know so well.

I said from the beginning that no American who needs a ventilator would be denied a ventilator and we have kept that promise all over the United States. Think of that. Other countries are desperate for ventilators. They have many deaths because they don't have a ventilator.

And I've asked Andrew if we could bring the Comfort back to its base in Virginia so that we can have it for other locations, and he said we would be able to do that. Javits Center has been a great help to them, but we'll be bringing the ship back at the earliest time. And we'll get it ready for its next mission, which will, I'm sure, be a very important one also. But it was -- it was an honor. They -- they reconverted it after it got there into handling an event that they were not expecting to be handling.

The FDA has now authorized more than 50 diagnostic tests, including, as of late last night, the first test -- test that a patient can take home. You can take it at home and it's highly accurate. LabCorp intends to make the home collection kits available to consumers in most states with a doctor's order in the coming weeks.

We also have four different antibody tests already authorized. Tests will help identify individuals who can donate convalescent plasma, thus providing potentially lifesaving antibodies to American patients.

Dr. Hahn will be providing you with an update on these developments in a few moments. He's done a great job at the FDA.

We continue to gain ground in the war against the unseen enemy and I see light at the end of the tunnel. I actually see a lot of light at the end of the tunnel. And we're starting the process. We're starting a very, very powerful, important process. You see that people are getting very anxious. They want to get going. They want to get back to their jobs. They want to make money. They want to take care of their families. So, the light is getting brighter and brighter every day.

And, with that, if I could, I'll ask Dr. Birx to come up and then Dr. Hahn.

Thank you very much.

Thank you very much. Doctor, please.

Thank you very much.

Please, go ahead.

And all of these tests, I want to say, are in addition to the test that we already have. And we have tested more people than anybody anywhere in the world, by far -- by very far.

Bret, do you have a question?

No, we didn't discuss it, and I don't know of the report. Obviously, there have been some very good reports and perhaps this one is not a good report. But we'll be looking at it. We'll have a comment on it as soon --

Okay. Well, we'll take a look at that.

I'm always willing to take a look.

Bret?

The executive order will be -- it's being written now, as we speak. Probably tomorrow sometime.

We'll have certain exemptions, because you're going to need certain exemptions. But we'll be notifying you tomorrow. We'll sign it, most likely, tomorrow. Being drawn now and tonight. And it's something we have to have in this country. We have to have it.

Well, I think it really does, I think it's very strong, obviously. And it's countrywide, as opposed to specifically, like China or some of the other ones that I've shut down. We're going to see. And you'll see a very accurate definition tomorrow after it's completed by the attorneys.

Well, these are reports that came out, and we don't know. We don't know. I've had a very good relationship with him. I wouldn't -- you know, I can only say this: I wish him well. Because if he is in the kind of condition that the reports say, that the news is saying, that would be a -- that's a very serious condition, as you know.

But I wish him well. We've had a good relationship. I've said it -- I've said it many times: If somebody else were in this position, we would have been right now at war with North Korea. And we're not at war, and we're nowhere close to war with North Korea.

So I just have to say to Kim Jong Un, I wish him very -- you know, good luck. Good luck. I mean, they came out with very, very serious medical reports. Nobody has confirmed that. It's -- it was CNN that came out. So when CNN comes out with a report, I don't place too much credence in it.

Yeah, we had a great talk on testing. And we have an agreement -- we have an understanding on testing. They have labs -- tremendous labs, as you know -- in New York, especially in the Manhattan area, but all over the state, and great, great medical schools and federal labs. So we have a very good understanding. We're going to do very significant testing.

You know, not everybody wants to do such significant testing. Testing is good in some cases and, in some cases, it's not. You have governors that don't want to go all out on the testing because they think they can do it in a different manner and do it better. But we had a very good meeting today. The governor and I had a very good meeting.

Yeah, well, we have -- we have $25 billion. And that's a tremendous amount of money. That's far more money than, in my opinion, than we'll need.

And again, already we're testing more, by far, than any country. I think I read yesterday a report that we've done more than everybody else, every other country combined. And I think our people should be getting a lot of credit for that. We've done a lot -- more than everybody else combined -- and you never hear that in the news. It's, you know, unfortunate.

Yeah, please.

Well, it is green cards. But we're going to be reporting on that later on. It might be tonight or tomorrow. We'll give you an exact report.

No, I think it's been covered pretty accurately, in this case. I think most people know what it is. And some people will be able to get in. We have to do that, obviously, even from a humane standpoint. But there'll be -- there'll be some people coming in. But it's a -- it's a strong order. It's a strong order. It involves a big, big circle, as you know.

Please.

I don't think that. Well, I don't think so. They're not supposed to be here. You're saying they're here illegally? Is that what you're saying?

Well, if a court order, then you have to go to court. So then the judge would make a determination as to whether or not they're going to be staying. But if they have a court order, they won't have to leave until they go through that process. So we'll see what happens. But with the court -- and there are some with court orders. That means they have a trial coming up.

Please.

Well, we're going to -- yeah.

Well, I think -- look, right now, obviously there's never been -- we had the greatest economy in the world and then, one day, we had to shut it down. They said, "You have to shut it down." We did the right thing, because I think we would have had a million or maybe even 2 million -- and maybe more than that -- deaths. So we did the right thing.

But certainly, this would pertain. I mean, when you look at it, right now the last thing we want to do is take American workers' jobs. It's one thing when we were at essentially -- they used to call it "full employment." And it's another thing right now. Right now, we have people that have lost their jobs and we hope they're going to come back and come back fast, and then we can have an even deeper discussion. But, right now, we have to have jobs for Americans.

Well, we'll have to see. I mean, I hope we're in that position to have that debate. Right now, we're not in that position. Right now, we closed down a -- the largest economy, the greatest economy in the history of the world. It's the most successful economy. When you look at the stock market, we were breaking records virtually every week, sometimes every day. And the stock market is still not doing badly, considering what this country has been through, which really tells you how strong it was in the first place.

But, no, I hope we're going to be able to have that discussion. I hope we're in a position -- that's like a good discussion to have. But that'll be a little bit later.

Bret.

So he's a very capable man. He knows what he's doing. He's done a very good job as governor -- Georgia. And -- and, by the way, and South Carolina. Governor McMaster also. So you have two very capable people. We're going to find out.

And, in fact, I'm scheduled to speak to the governor of Georgia in a little while. But we'll -- we'll find out.

Well, everybody -- I have a concern about what happens everywhere. I mean, we've got those concerns. And as far as coming back, if they do come back -- and they could come back together with heavy on the flu and much lighter on -- because I really believe we'll be able to put out the fires. You know, it's like fires.

And we've learned a lot. You know, we've become very good at this, when you look at what's happening, when you look at the numbers coming down. A lot of states are in really great shape. You're going to see a lot of openings.

But I'll be speaking to the governor of Georgia in a little while. Okay?

Well, I could see them -- and I'll speak for the doctor, and, if you'd like, either of you, to say -- but I would say that you keep away until this thing is gone. It's going to be gone at some point. It's going to be gone, gone. And I would say you keep away and you do the social distancing until such time as you know it's gone. We'll know when that time is.

Well, I'll look at the economy. We'll see where we are with the economy, basically. And I think I'll have a very easy decision to make. I hope -- I hope that the economy is going to be great by that time, but we'll see. But, right now, in light of the fact that Americans are out of jobs, I can't be hav- -- I can't be taking in.

Well, I could, or I could roll it for 30 days, or I could roll it for much more than 60 days. We'll have to take a look at the time. But we'll be looking at 60 days and we'll see what it is.

Yeah, in the back. Please.

Yeah, that's all right. You go. Why don't you go and then you. Okay?

It could happen if I want. But I won't be doing it tomorrow. I'll be signing the primary order. And then we have a secondary order that, if I want to do that, we'll make that determination.

We can do that. Yeah, we can do that at a little bit different time if we want.

Yeah, sure. Sure. Secondary orders, yeah.

Please.

You always that: one from him and one from her.

That's okay. Good. That's good. Fine.

I campaigned on legal and illegal. But, no, I've always said you have to come into the country legally. So, not legal. What I campaigned on was people just flooding our border and stopping. And, by the way, speaking of that, we have 170 miles -- almost 170 miles of -- of very powerful border wall up, and it's moving rapidly, very quickly, and it's having a tremendous impact. And it's making our job a lot easier.

Plus, Mexico has 27,000 soldiers right now on our southern border that we share with them. And Mexico has been terrific. They've really helped.

No, I'm not doing that. No, no. Well, I want people that are in this country -- I want our citizens to get jobs. I don't want them to have competition. We have a very unusual situation where something came in that nobody has seen for many, many decades. Probably 1917 would be the closest analogy, if you look at it -- when you look at the contagion, the kind of contagion we're talking about.

So, no, I'm not -- I'm not doing that at all. I want -- I want the American worker and the American -- our American citizens to be able to get jobs. I don't want them to compete right now. There's a big difference when we have a full economy, and frankly, where some of the companies -- we have many companies moving in, where they need actually -- they need workers. That's a big difference between that and where, all of a sudden, a lot of people lose jobs.

Yeah, that's not going to be affected. The farmers will not be --

That's an important point.

The farmers will not be affected. Yeah, that's a very important point. I mean, it's a great point, actually. I'm -- I'm glad you brought it up. No, the farmers will not be affected.

You know, they've had cases where they -- where they stopped everybody from coming in, and all the farmers went out of business. They were literally out of business. You remember that, Bret. It was not so long ago. But they -- it's easy -- you know, it's easier to stop everything cold than it is to plan it so that the farmers have the people that have been working on those farms for many years. And -- and that's what we're doing.

No, the farmers will not be affected by this at all. If anything, we're going to make it easier, and we're doing a process that'll make it better for those workers to come in, to go to the farm where they've been for a long time.

Well, I can't tell you that. The CDC has been terrific. We've worked with them very closely. They were very much involved, even in the border decision that I made last night. And the director is --

-- the director is doing a good job. And we have always -- whether it's Tony or Deborah or Steve -- we have always a lot of people up. And certainly, as you've seen, the director has been here a lot. Right? He's been here, he's been sitting here. He's been speaking a lot.

No, no, CDC is very much involved in everything we've done.

Yeah, please.

Well, people -- look, it's not a question of helpful or not. People want to get back to work. And I've watched some of the protests, not in great detail, but I've seen that. And they're separated, they're -- a lot of space in between. I mean, they -- they're watching, believe it or not, social -- they're doing social distancing, if you can believe it. And they are. And they're protesting, but they -- they're -- the groups I've seen have been very much spread out. So I think that's good.

Look, people -- they want to get back to work, they got to make a living. They have to take care of their family. They don't want to do this. It's, you know, unfortunate, maybe, one way or the other. Both are unfortunate. Both are unfortunate. But you have a lot of people out there that are anxious to get back.

Yeah, please.

Yeah. No, that's true. They're -- they're both -- there are two groups. They're both -- they're big groups, both of them.

Well, at the same time, we have to build back our country. And I'm going to make our country bigger and better and stronger, and we have to get started. There's a big difference, though, because people have really been through a lot. And they understand what to do now.

Before, nobody had ever heard of a thing like this, wouldn't you say? I mean, nobody ever heard of a thing like this -- distancing -- social distancing. What does that mean? Washing your hands every 15 minutes. What does that mean? I mean, people had never seen or heard about anything like this. Now they really are. They've -- they've -- not only have they done it, but they've done a good job of it.

But you have people -- you can't break the country. At some point, you have to go back. Now, hopefully the governors are going to do, because I want the governors -- and I've always wanted that. You can call it federalism, you can call it whatever you want.

But the governors -- I want them to do it. If they -- if we see them doing something we don't like, we'll stop it very quickly. But they're doing a good job. They're being careful. Some of the governors, frankly, they're in a position where they can do it sooner or they can do it a little bit later, and that's okay. But people -- they don't want to -- they -- they need money, they need help.

We're going to lose -- and we can't break our country over this. We can't do it. We have to get going. With that being said, some are going to go soon and some are not.

Yeah, in the back, please.

Yeah, I think -- I think it's fine.

Where is that? Where is that?

And it also depends -- as an example that you just gave -- are they doing testing before they go in? We have to find that out. That's why I'm speaking to the governor in a little while, and I'll be asking him those questions.

Please, go ahead.

Well, the biggest thing in the tool -- the toolbox is to get our country open. That's, by far, the biggest thing there is.

If we can open pretty well -- and I think we're going to over a period of time; piece by piece, a puzzle, remember? If we can open well, I think that's your biggest part by far. That's where the engine is, more important than any other thing that we can work on.

Well, frankly, that sounds like a good idea to me, when it's all over. That sounds like a great idea. They deserve it. They're warriors. They've done an incredible job.

We mentioned briefly the state aid. We talked about that -- Governor Cuomo and myself -- and I agree with him on that. And I think most Republicans agree too, and Democrats. And that's part of phase four.

And I think infrastructure is going to be a big part. We have to rebuild our country. I mean, you take a look where we spend -- and we go over this all the time -- but $8 trillion in the Middle East. We want to rebuild our country, and that means our bridges, our tunnels, even schools. We're doing something with schools. We have to do our roadways. They're -- what's happened? We spend so much money on other countries that don't even -- that they don't appreciate it. Okay? They don't appreciate it.

We're going to spend money now on our country, and we're going to have -- it's going to be our jobs, and it's going to be our equipment. It's going to be made -- much of it is going to be made here. Hopefully, at some point, all of it's going to be made here.

Jon?

I don't know -- I don't know what his statement --

Ready? Are you ready?

Again, I'll say it for the fifth time: We have tested more than any country in the world. And some of the countries are very big. Okay? More than any country in the world. We have one of the most successful -- if you call mortality -- rates because one person -- and I always say that for you in particular -- one person is too many.

But we've done very well -- our testing. If you add them all up, we've -- we've tested more. Now, I don't know what Mike Pence said, but I'm sure he could answer that question.

You know what? You ready, again? We've tested more than every country in the world, even put together. So that's all I can say. As far as Mike, he'll answer your question when he's here. He'll be back tomorrow.

Yeah.

Well, we're going to see. Look, there's nobody ever been tougher on China than me. And that means for 20 years. You go back 20 years. I probably got elected, at least partially, on the fact that I've been very tough. I said China has been ripping us off for years." I'd go into Michigan, I'd go into Pennsylvania, and make speeches unrelated to being a politician. I'd be invited. I'd be speaking to people -- which I like to do because I love the people, I love the people of this country. And I'd make speeches -- nobody -- I'd say, "How did you let this happen with China?"

I even asked the leaders of China, "How -- how did this ever happen where our country loses tens of billions of dollars a year?" And I don't mean just tens. Take a look: $200 billion, $300 billion, $400 billion, $500 billion a year. How did they ever let a thing like this happen?

Now, if you look at this last year, the deficit went way down. And I'm talking about even before; now it's much different. But a lot of things are happening. Great things were happening, except, all of a sudden, out of nowhere, came the invisible enemy. And we think we know where it came from, and we'll be talking about that probably a lot. But came -- the invisible enemy. There's been nobody tougher than me on China.

No, no. But if that happens, we'll do a termination and we'll do what I can do better than anybody.

Yeah, please.

Well, I can't tell you that. "Have U.S. intelligence agents told me... " I mean, what kind of a question is that?

I can't -- I can't. You want me to tell you -- oh, let me tell you what they told me. Look, they told me plenty. They told me plenty.

Bret?

Well, I'm going to have to look. I don't like when Harvard -- that has, I think, a $40 billion endowment or some incredible amount of money -- that Harvard gets this money. Harvard should pay that money back. I want Harvard to pay the money back. Okay? And if they won't do that, then we won't do something else. They have to pay it back. I don't like it. I don't like it.

This is meant for workers. This isn't meant for one of the richest institutions, not only -- far beyond schools -- in the world. They got to pay it back. I want them to pay it back.

Yeah.

Yeah. That's true.

Well, I -- you know, yeah. In Doral, you're not allowed to have the golf courses open. You can't have the clubs open. You can't have anything. It's a -- it's a big hotel and resort. And I think there's probably 700, 750 people. So you can't have anything open. And you say, "What are we going to do? Have full payroll and have the whole place with... " You know, there's no income coming in.

First of all, everyone's home and they're supposed to be. Second of all, in Florida, you can't use golf courses. That one, I'm not sure I agree with. You know, you have parks and golf courses where you have open space. But that's what it is.

So I have others also. Then I have others in different states. I have a lot of different properties. But again, my children run them, and I love my children and I wish them well. I look forward to comparing my numbers to my children's numbers. I think I'll do better.

You understand that. It's called closed property, it's like, you know, you have to close them up and then hopefully when things get better, we'll just open it up. But you can't have, you know, many hundreds of employees standing around doing nothing. There's no customer. You're not allowed to have a customer.

So, in some places, it's very strict. New Jersey is strict. New York is strict. And you have to do what you have to do. And it's too bad. I feel so badly when I see that. I think that it's a tough policy, but I go by whatever the policy -- that's a state policy, in the case of Florida.

Please, Steve.

Yeah.

Well, I may. But I -- look, I just hope he's doing fine. I mean, I've had a very good relationship with Kim Jong Un, and that's to the benefit of the country. That's not a bad thing; that's a good thing. And I'd like to see him be well, and we'll see how he does.

Again, I don't know that the reports are true.

I -- I don't want to ask him that. I have asked him that, but it's not -- it's not -- it's not my purpose to tell you that, in all fairness. But, you know, I hope he does well.

Please.

The lesson is to be careful.

We've got to be very careful. We don't want that to happen; it could happen. I think we stamp it out if it does happen. We're not going to be doing any mass closings, I hope. So I think we could. You know, I call them "some burning embers," and we put them out. And I think we've gotten very good at that, but we'll see. But we don't want that to happen. No, absolutely.

I don't want to do that. You don't want to do that. Nobody in this room wants to do that. You look forward -- I think, Bret, very soon, and Jon -- sitting next to a lot of your fellow reporters. Right? The room seems so empty this way. But it's one of those things.

Yeah, go ahead, please.

Right.

Yes, I know that.

Yeah, it's a high number. I did not see that number. I heard there was a poll. I'm sure there'll be a lot of polls.

No, look, I think the American people want to make sure that they have jobs for the American people, not for people that come in, in many cases, illegally into our country. So we're doing that. I don't know what the numbers are, but I think just common sense tells you that's where we should be, and that's where the American people want to be.

And we're going to build our country back. And I'm telling you, with all the -- the things that we're doing and infrastructure, which we desperately need, it's going to be an incredible thing taking place. I think it's going to be a renaissance. And we're going to have something that will be -- a lot of people going to go to work building those roads and bridges and tunnels and highways and all of the other things we're going to be building -- and broadband for the Middle West.

I mean, the farmers haven't been treated fairly. Let's face it, the farmers have been treated terribly, when it comes to the Internet. So we're going to take care of that. We're going to -- we're going to make them very happy.

So we'll see you all tomorrow. And we'll have some interesting things to put out tonight. And I appreciate you being here. And it's an honor to have Bret Baier here.

I've used his slot a lot, Jon. I've used that slot a lot.

Huh? It's -- no --

We want to have you back soon. Thank you very much.

Thank you, everybody.