Thank you very much. A lot of things going on, and we're going to be going over to the Hill, and we're having a lot of meetings. And, from the financial -- this is a medical situation, not a financial situation. The financial, though, is moving along very nicely. I want to thank you for being here and update you on the progress we've made after a week of extraordinary mobilization in our war against the virus.

Governors, mayors, the businesses, charities, and citizens are all working with urgency and speed toward one common goal, which is saving American lives. We're in communication with foreign countries. It's now at 148 foreign countries. Can you believe that? One hundred -- you talk about a spread. You talk about a violent spread.

One hundred and forty-eight countries. Not even believable. This has been a week of national action and of great national solidarity. People are getting along. We're getting along with Republicans and Democrats and independents and liberals and conservatives. And actually, it's a very nice thing to see. We're all one beautiful, big American family, and that's taking place right now.

Last night, I proved a major disaster declaration for the State of New York. I worked very closely with Governor Cuomo. And is the first time in our nation's history that a President has used the Stafford Act to declare a major disaster in response to a public health crisis. Never happened before. I'm considering other areas where we may or may not be doing that.

And I'm working very closely with Gavin Newsom, Governor of California, and others; we may be doing the same thing, depending on their needs, depending on what they're asking for. It's been unprecedented action in New York, and we've had a tremendous federal response all over the country. And I want to thank all the people in the federal government and obviously in the state governments and local governments.

We are working hard. Everybody is working hard. And the people standing alongside of me are working very hard, that I can tell you. We've also reached agreements with Canada and Mexico on new travel rules at our northern and southern borders to halt the entry of the Chinese virus while continuing trade and commerce.

And we've had very good talks, I've -- with Prime Minister Trudeau, and today, this morning, with President López Obrador. And we talked about joint measures that we're taken to prevent the spread of the virus in our countries and to temporarily suspend nonessential travel. We had a great conversation this morning -- the President of Mexico.

And our close cooperation with Mexico and Canada will keep our people healthy, keep their people healthy, keep everybody safe. Yesterday, I had a call with 12,000 small businesses -- representatives of these businesses. That's the engine of our country. People don't realize that. You know, you read all about the big ones, but the -- these small businesses, when you add them up together, are really the engine -- economic engine of our country.

And I assured them that my administration is doing everything within its very considerable -- considerable power, frankly, to support them and their employees. Nobody has ever done what we've done. Likewise, I had calls during the week with all sorts of representatives and systems, like the hospital system.

We spoke to many of the hospital systems throughout the country -- nurses and doctors, representatives representing hundreds of thousands of nurses and doctors; airlines and cruise ship companies. The business roundtable, which was fully attended and it's all of the top CEOs of our country and beyond, frankly -- the businessmen of -- really, these a world -- world-styled businessmen.

These are businessmen that control the biggest companies in the world. Many of them have taken hits, and many of them are just, you know, going forward. They -- their businesses have been -- have been great. Some have been very badly affected, some haven't been affected at all, and, frankly, some are doing very well.

They continue to do very well. It's -- Walmart, as an example, has been really helpful to us. Doug McMillon, the head of Walmart -- really helpful to us. And I guess -- I assume they're doing pretty well because people are certainly buying -- buying more than even a clip at Christmas, by substantial numbers.

Pretty amazing. But they're doing incredibly. They put on tremendous extra staff. You don't have empty shelves. A lot of things have happened that are very good. Restaurants, fast food executives, grocery stores, all retailers -- literally, all of them -- in groups. And we spoke with the G7 leaders at length, as you know.

You probably know about that. Spoke to many of the governors. Spoke almost all of the governors at conference calls and many of the governors individually. And, very importantly, the religious leaders. We had a great conversation yesterday -- the Vice President and myself -- with the religious leaders of -- of our country.

Many of the religious leaders. And we've had a number of them, during the course of the last two weeks, actually. But yesterday, we had a very, very significant call with the religious leaders of our country. I signed legislation providing American workers with paid sick leave and paid family medical leave at no cost to employers and free testing for those who need it. The testing is going very well and the Admiral will speak to that, along with Tony.

We're working quickly to pass additional legislation that will provide massive relief to small businesses and affected industries and give direct payments to our great workers and hardworking American families. There's never been anything like we're doing on the Hill right now. They're negotiating -- Mitch McConnell, Chuck Schumer.

They're all up there -- Kevin McCarthy and Nancy Pelosi. They're all negotiating and everybody is working hard and they want to get to a solution that's the right solution. I think we're getting very close. We've also announced that we've moved Tax Day from April 15 to July 15, which is a big deal, giving businesses and individuals extra time to file and pay without interest or penalty.

So we've moved the date way back. And so it'll be July 15, instead of your traditional April 15. And, very importantly, you will have a lot of time, but you're not going to have interest penalties or any kind of penalties by filing at that later date. HUD announced that foreclosures and evictions are suspended for single-family homeowners with FHA-insured mortgages for the next 60 days.

And our great head of HUD, who's with us today, Ben Carson, is going to say a few words in a moment. The Department of Education will not enforce standardized testing -- which is another big deal -- requirements for students in elementary through high school for the current school year. Not fair to do that, so we are waiving that.

I would imagine it's probably the first time ever that has been waived, but I think it's only fair to the students and to the parents of the students. It is also waiving interest and other things that we're discussing right now on federally held student loans and directed that borrowers be allowed to suspend their student loan payments without penalty for at least 60 days.

And we'll be talking about student loans; going to help the students. They're under a great burden right now, so we will be talking about that further. But we're -- we're waiving, during this 60-day period, various elements -- very important elements -- on student loans. Big subject. I signed an executive order invoking the Defense Production Act, as you all know, giving us powerful new authorities to help states, cities, and hospitals procure needed supplies.

There's been a clear call to action to the private sector, and the call is made right here. It's been really pretty amazing what's happened with the private sector -- they are really in sixth gear, I think -- which has responded in full force, helping to produce and supply much-needed masks, swabs, sanitizers, ventilators, and everything else.

There's a move on that's incredible right now. And, by way of example, Hanes -- everybody knows Hanes; great company, great consumer cotton products company -- is retrofitting its manufacturing capabilities in large sections of their plants to produce masks. And they're in that process right now. And, at my direction, the FDA is taking rapid steps to make these items available for medical use right now.

Most excitingly to me is what the FDA has done in order to get, possibly, a very successful number -- it's not just one or two -- number of therapeutics: medicines that can help -- help people that are already sick, help people not get sick. And, obviously, you know about the vaccine. And Tony will discuss that a little bit later, but the vaccine is moving along.

But this is something that, right now -- for right now, this is what we really -- it's incredible. And what the FDA has done and Dr. Stephen Hahn, who is highly respected -- came as a -- just a highly respected man. He's been fantastic. He's only been here for a couple of months and he's -- he's gotten thrown into the swim of it and he's really standing up. But the FDA has really moved mountains.

I said it this morning: They've moved mountains to get approvals on things that -- that maybe work. We'll find out very soon. It won't take long. An example of the Pernod Ricard, which is -- this is really an example where we're repurposing alcohol. They went out and repurposed their alcohol production capabilities in Arkansas, Kentucky, Texas, and West Virginia to make hand sanitizer.

That's a big difference. And they've been unbelievable. They really -- Pernod Ricard. Their first delivery will be on Tuesday. It's going to go to various states. They're going to start, I think, in New York and they're going to work their way around. They're making a tremendous amount of hand sanitizer -- at a very high level too, by the way.

We've activated the National Response Coordination Center to Level 1. That's your highest level. This is the nerve center of all of our government response to crisis and it's coordinating very closely with our nation's governors. Our nation's governors -- many of you were at the call yesterday with the governors and I think you can see the relationship.

And we've had numerous calls with governors, by the way, but the relationships are pretty amazing. They like -- they're loving what we're doing and the coordination between the federal government and the governors, states, and even local has been pretty incredible. FEMA Administrator Pete Gaynor, who is with us, will soon be providing you with an update on the Center's operations.

And FEMA has been incredible. We got them involved last week -- very much involved -- and now they're involved nationwide. We've dramatically expanded telehealth so Americans can see a doctor without leaving home -- something which more and more people are using and now they're really using it. And now the ones that are using it are loving it. And I think we're going to change the way our country functions, medically and probably in other ways, because of what's going on right now.

This will reduce the chance of infection and preserve hospital capacity. So it solves a lot of problems. Every American has a role to play in defending our nation from this invisible, horrible enemy. It really is -- it's an invisible enemy. And we will be successful -- very successful -- hopefully very much sooner than people would even think.

So we say, "Stay at home and save lives." This is a time of shared national sacrifice, but it's also a time to treasure our loved ones and to take stock of what is most important: our faith, our families, our neighbors, and our great country. And I want to thank all of the incredible people of our country, the citizens of our country that -- what you've done and the way you're responding has just been very special -- something that we will never forget, that the history books will never forget.

And we're going to have a great victory. We're going to be celebrating a great victory in the not-too-distant future. And I just want to thank everybody. And now I'll introduce our Vice President, Mike Pence, who's led the Task Force. And I will tell you this: He has not slept much. Maybe a tiny bit, maybe a little bit, but not much.

And he's done an incredible job. Mike, thank you. Please.

Thank you very much. Thank you, Mike. Admiral, please.

Thank you very much, Admiral. Dr. Fauci, please.

Thank you, Tony, very much. Please.

Thank you very much, Pete. Appreciate it.

Ben, please.

Okay. Ben, thank you very much. A few questions, please.

I just took one.

I feel great.

I feel great.

I hope I look good. I feel great.

Those people are going to be --

I took one test.

Well, what they do right now is keep receiving their paycheck, and hopefully their companies are going to be in a very strong position. We want to keep everything together because we think we're going to have a tremendous bounce back. Now, some people agree with that very strongly. Some of our top economists, they think we're going to have a very -- once we solve the problem of -- that we're working on -- the medical problem.

So we want them to keep their jobs, stay where you are, and we'll see what happens. Now, if they don't, we have unemployment, we have checks, we have a lot of things happening, a lot of very positive things. Nobody has ever done -- now, this is working with Democrats; this is Republicans and Democrats and myself working together.

Nobody has ever done a package like this. It's a great package, but ideally, we want them to be able to keep their jobs, keep the pay coming, and I think that's going to happen. Kelly, go ahead.

Good.

Right.

Because we have so many companies making so many products -- every product that you mentioned, plus ventilators and everything else. We have car companies -- without having to use the act. If I don't have to use -- specifically, we have the act to use, in case we need it. But we have so many things being made right now by so many -- they've just stepped up. In fact, Mike Pence and I were discussing it before.

We've never seen anything like it where they are volunteering. "We want to make masks. We want to -- " Like Hanes or -- I brought that up as an example. General Motors, I bring that up as another. Ford.

They're going -- they're going to go on the open market. We want them on the open market from a -- the standpoint of pricing. Because otherwise, it's going to be -- we could be very unfairly treated.

We are directing states -- and sometimes we'll be competing against states, which I don't want, and we'll drop out of the bidding. We want the states to go first. And, you know, what we're doing is we're helping states. That's what we want to do. Same thing with the testing. We're helping states. We're helping states get to where they want, and we've made tremendous progress in every aspect of it.

It's happening fast --

Well, it's happening fast right now, and the governors are out there trying to get -- and if they are competing with us, we immediately drop out. Please.

My people are and I'll be staying here. I'll be in the Oval Office and various other places in the White House.

Right.

Okay. So I've spoken with -- I'm not going to say who I speak with, but I've spoken with, directly or indirectly, everybody -- many, many times. We're doing very well. I think the Democrats and the Republicans are going to come up with a package that's going to be really something very special. It's going to help people.

This is the first time there's ever been a case where you want people not to work. It's always -- you know, you want to create incentive to work. We're creating not an incentive not to work, but the fact is we're asking people not to work because of -- we have -- they have to stay away from each other. If we're going to kill this horrible, hidden enemy, we have to stay away.

So there's never been a thing like this in the history of the world. And other nations are doing similar things -- some effectively, some not effectively. They're doing similar things. We are creating a package that's going to keep companies together, keep workers paid, so they can live and sustain. We'll see what the timing is. The biggest thing we can do is get rid of the problem.

The problem is exactly what we know: the medical problem. We want to have this whole, incredible situation that it can start right away -- not that all these companies break up, all the workers are out of jobs, you can't put it back together, and it would take years to put them back together. Because we had the greatest economy in the history of the world until we got hit by this problem.

And we can be back very, very quickly and it's our intention to be back very, very quickly. So we're doing a package, the likes of which nobody has ever done before. I'm obviously the one that has to approve the different things and the recommendations of the different things. And -- like buybacks, as an example, and stock buybacks.

I didn't like it the first time and this time I'm saying, "You're not doing it. I don't want money to be used for that." I want money to be used for workers and for opening businesses, keeping businesses open, not buybacks. And --

Well, I -- I would -- I am strongly recommending a buyback exclusion. You cannot buy back your stock. You can't take a billion dollars of the money and just buy back your stock and increase the value. Please.

Mike, go ahead.

When will the masks start coming in?

That's what you'd --

Yeah, that's what I'd like to know: When will they ?

He's worse than I am.

And we have a lot of them that have already come in. A lot have already come in. I have to tell you, the throwing away of the mask -- being in private business, the throwing away of the mask right away -- they're thrown away. And when you hear 55 million masks were ordered, I'm saying, "55 million? How could it possibly be such a number?" And they say, "Oh, that's just a small fraction of what we need." And I said, "Why aren't we sanitizing masks?" You know, you look at the masks -- I've looked at all the different masks.

Some don't lend themselves to doing that, I think, but many do. And I said, "Why aren't we -- " -- we have very good liquids for doing this, sanitizing the masks. And that's something they're -- they're starting to do more and more. They're sanitizing the masks. And I don't know if anybody would like to speak to that.

You might want to just --

I would have liked that much better, personally. Yeah. Go ahead, Mike.

Yesterday.

You mean the ones that are saying good things or bad things?

Well, I'll tell you the way I look at it. So, many administrations preceded me. For the most part, they did very little, in terms of what you're talking about. This is unprecedented. You can speak to Tony; you could speak to anybody. This is unprecedented or just about unprecedented. As time goes by, we're seeing it's really at a level that nobody would've believed.

Nobody would've thought possible that this could happen. And we are making much of this stuff now. And much of it's being delivered now. We've also gotten tremendous reviews from a lot of people that can't believe how fast it's coming. I mean, when I hear they have an order of 55 million masks -- and that's just one order; that's one order out of many -- and that there are many millions of masks beyond that that are ready -- and I keep saying, "How is it possible to use so much?" But that's the way it is. And part of that is because they'll use a mask for a short period of time and they throw it. The fact is that we are doing a tremendous amount.

We started with very few masks. We had some, but nothing for an event like this. And now we're making tens of millions of masks and other things. And I think it's unprecedented what we've done and what we're doing. And many doctors -- and I've read many, many doctors, they can't believe the great job that we've done.

Yes.

Kelly, did you have one?

Well, if you remember --

-- I was the one that closed the country down. I was the one that closed the -- you don't write that or you don't say it too much, certainly on CNN. But I just read an article yesterday --

I just read an article yesterday that, by closing the country down so early -- we were very early -- we saved tens of thousands -- and much more than that -- lives. So you know, you might want to report that, too.

Tony, would you like to say something about that?

Sooner.

Sooner.

It's sooner than weeks.

And, again, what we're doing is we're trying to help the states get things faster. And that's what we're doing: We're implementing. And the magnitude of this -- it's a tragedy. It's an absolute tragedy. But the magnitude is something that, no matter who you were, no matter where you come from, nobody ever thought a thing like this could happen.

You read about 1917 and you read about certain things, but you think, in a modern age, a thing like that could never happen. Well, it comes back. It is genius. It comes back. And it's too bad. But I think the people working on this have been incredible. The job they've done has really been incredible.

But there's tremendous amounts of -- not only masks -- of ventilators and respirators and everything you can think of. It's all being -- much of it and almost, I could say, all of it is being manufactured right now. Steve, please.

Well, I don't know that -- "resolved." I can say that it's going to be distributed. I know New York is getting, I think, 10,000 units, and numerous other people. It's really -- it could be the malaria drug plus the Z-Pak. But -- and we're going to find out. We're going to find out. I feel -- look, I feel, as the expression goes, "What do we have to lose?" Because, you know, I feel very -- I feel very good about it. Tony would feel, you know, like -- he'd like samples done in a certain way.

And I understand that too. Many doctors agree with that. We don't have much time. You know, we have a lot of very sick people right now in hospitals all over the place. And speaking with the Governor of New York -- Cuomo -- I said, "How does it look?" He's got a lot of sick people. So we're going to be delivering a lot of samples to New York and other places, and we're going to find out very shortly whether or not it's going to work.

I feel very confident. I mean, I've seen things that surprise me, frankly. There are -- as Tony said, there are other things we're looking at too. Vaccine, of course, is incredible, but this is more immediate. Right now, this, to me, would be the greatest thing that could happen. This would be a gift from Heaven.

This would be a gift from God if it works. So we're going to pray to God that it does work. It'd be a fantastic thing.

Yeah, please. In the back.

My businesses?

Sure.

Well, I wouldn't say you're thriving when you decide to close down your hotels and your businesses. No, I would say -- but, you know, I'm very under-levered and everything, so that's good. But is it hurting my -- yeah. It's hurting me and it's hurting Hilton and it's hurting all of the great hotel chains all over the world.

It's hurting everybody. I mean, there are very few businesses that are doing well. Now, there are some that are. Like, as an example, the Walmarts of the world, because everybody's lined up to get things and stock up their house, and this and that. But sure, it hurts my business. But --

No, I didn't speak to anybody. I speak to my sons, but -- I talk about the coronavirus, but not as it pertains to my business. They basically follow the rules; when they say close them down, in New York, we close them down or wherever they may be. I have them -- I actually have them all over the world.

And when they say --

And when they say, "Close them down," we close them down. What, Kelly?

Well, I have nothing planned at Mar-a-Lago. But, right now, I think Mar-a-Lago, I guess -- I haven't even asked, but I imagine that's closed down, just like a lot of other businesses in Florida. Go ahead. Go ahead, please.

I don't know. I mean, I just don't know what the government assistance would be for what I have. I have hotels. Everybody knew I had hotels when I got elected. They knew I was a successful person when I got elected. So it's one of those things. I guess I get paid $450,000 a year; I give it up. I put it back into the nation.

I usually -- I have to -- by the way, you have to designate where you want it, so I oftentimes give it to opioid research and things.

But, as far as the hotels and everything, I mean, I have to do what everyone else is doing. I would probably decide to close things up. I think it's a good thing nation- -- you don't want people getting together. And hotels and clubs and everything, you get together. We want to beat this deal. So I have many of them -- hotels, clubs, things like that -- where people get together.

I would think it would be a good practice to close them up. Yeah, go ahead, please.

Yeah.

Well, I do it. I do it. I have temperature tests and I don't -- I didn't ask everybody here, but I wouldn't be surprised if they had temperature tests.

Otherwise, I'm going to run off the stage.

Oh, I think they are, pretty much. The easiest thing is the temperature. I think they are. I don't know. Are you learning a lot from the temperature test, Tony? Could you maybe discuss that for a second?

I took his temperature twice, actually.

And I say -- I've seen things -- when Tony mentions thermometers, they aim something at your forehead, they stay this far away, boom, and they tell you what your temperature is. I said, "I've never seen that before." I've learned a lot. I've learned a lot. It's incredible. Go ahead, in the back -- the back corner.

Back corner.

Well, I love whoever you're with. That's -- because I think that's such a nice -- it's such a nice question. No, I think the Washington Post covers us very inaccurately, covers me very inaccurately. I saw the story. I think it's a disgrace. But it's the Washington Post and I guess we have to live with it. It's a very --

It's a very inaccurate -- quiet, quiet. It's a very inaccurate story. From many people, I get a lot of credit for having closed our country very early to a very heavily infected country: China. Unfortunately, China. I wish China would have told us more about what was going on in China, long prior to us reading about it, even though the news isn't exactly disseminated.

As you know, China kicked the Washington Post out of China and they kicked the New York Times out of China and I guess the Wall Street Journal. That's okay. I mean, that's what they do and I think it's a terrible thing they did. But I also think it's terrible when people write inaccurately about you.

And they write inaccurately about me every single day, every single hour. And, by the way, your group really -- I really think -- and I just say "fair," not "good" or "bad" -- I think you write very fairly and do very fair reports about the great job that all of us are doing that this group behind me is doing.

It's so insulting when they write phony stories that they know are fake news. Because they're not insulting me; they're insulting everybody -- these incredible people that have worked so hard, so long, that are thinking about nothing other than this invisible enemy. They have done such an incredible job and they will continue, and we're going to win, and there'll be a lot of celebration when we win

And we're going to win with as few lives lost as possible. That's the game: Win with as few lives lost as possible. It's a tough enemy. It's a tough killer. Far bigger, far more vicious than ever before. But I appreciate you saying it because the fact that we closed so early to China -- and most people -- hey, look, I was called "xenophobic" by Sleepy Joe Biden.

I was called a "racist" by Democrats. A racist. I was a racist because I decided that I didn't want to have people that could hurt our country come in. And I was pretty much in a very small group of people -- I will tell you, it was a tiny little group -- most people, even that worked in the White House, disagreed with me very strongly.

Saving those many weeks was a tremendous -- a tremendous thing. And when they keep talking about acting early, that was the ultimate act. That was the biggest act, because we didn't -- and then I also called Europe early. Very early. And I took a lot of heat for that too, but that was a good thing. Now they're doing similar things that we're doing.

So, I didn't act late; I acted early. I acted far before anybody thought I should be. I took tremendous criticism from the various papers, from many of the papers. So I -- I very much appreciate the question. It might have been -- it might have been more of a statement than a question. But whatever it may have been, I appreciate it very much.

Yes.

No, no. They can do what they want to do. If California can get a mask sooner than we can get it for them, through all of the things we're able to do -- but we're going to end up with a big oversupply at some point. You know, at some point, this is going away. And we're going to end up with a big oversupply.

And you know what? In this case, that's going to be okay. But if California -- if Gavin can go out and order gowns faster, or masks -- good masks -- faster, or other things faster, that's good. We do have a lot of -- I mean, the coordination with the ships that we're sending in, as you know -- the medical ships that we're sending in and even cruise liners -- we're going to be sending in, probably, cruise liners into some areas -- in particular, California, and in particular, New York.

But if somebody can do something faster, if they can order that mask faster than us, I want them to be able to do it.

We coordinate very much with them, yes.

Well, it doesn't have to be at this moment, because we have places in the country where, you know -- states where they have two people or three people and those people are in quarantine. And you can't put on them what you're putting in New York, where you do have a tremendous problem. I mean, we have large portions of the country -- Middle America -- where, you know, they have a few people.

So, it may be a time -- I hope that never happens, where we need to take very drastic action. But, right now, that's not in the same ballpark. Yeah. Go ahead, please.

Yes.

Yeah.

I think they are. And some people are not. But I think they are. I think it's going to have a very profound effect. I mean, we'll know a little bit more on day 14 and 15. We'll see.

Well, we're going to see. We have to see what the result is. We want to flatten that out and we're going to see what the result is. And, I just want to say: I'm going to negotiate a very large transaction and I've been negotiating it for two days. So I'm going to take one or two more questions and then I'm going to leave it to Vice President Pence.

On the Hill. With the Hill.

The various -- the various elements of the package. Steve, go ahead.

No, I haven't. I -- look, we understand the difficulty of that. And he's a very good friend of mine. You talk a -- you take a look at Shinzo Abe. He's a great gentleman. He loves his country. We have an incredible relationship. We just finished a trade deal with them -- a $40 billion trade deal with Japan.

And Prime Minister Abe has a big decision to make. You know, they have built one of the most beautiful venues I've ever seen. They were all ready to go. It's not late. It's not over budget. It's not -- it was just done flawlessly, and it's beautiful. And they're sitting back and saying, you know -- I have -- I told him, I said, "That's your decision." And it is his decision and I know he's going to make it soon, I don't know what it's going to be, and I didn't think I should be influencing it at all.

I mean, the job that Japan has done on that venue is incredible. So, I mean, there are options, obviously, including delay and maybe delay for next year, but that's totally up to them. We'll see what they do.

Well, you know, when I learned, I started doing the closings. So, you know, probably around that time. We didn't learn much. I think you're going to ask a little bit about China responsibility. I do think that -- again, I have great respect for China. I like China. I think the people of China are incredible.

I have a tremendous relationship with President Xi. I wish they could have told us earlier about what was going on inside. We didn't know about it until it started coming out publicly, but I wish they could have told us earlier about it because we could have come up with a solution. Tony Fauci and all of the people -- the talent that we have -- would have loved to have had three or four months of additional time, if you knew what this was going to be happening.

They didn't have that time. They read about in the newspapers like everybody else. China was very secretive, okay? Very, very secretive. And that's unfortunate. With that, I have great respect for that country. I have great respect for the leader of that country and like him. He's a friend of mine. But I wish they were able to -- I wish they would have told us earlier, Steve, that they were having a problem.

Because they were having a big problem and they knew it, and I wish they could have given us an advanced warning. Because we could have done -- we could have had a lot of things -- as an example, some of the things that we're talking about, where we order them as quickly as we can. If we had a two- or three-month difference in time, it would have been much better.

Yeah, please.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Because it's true.

Because it's true. China has worked very hard. China has lost thousands and thousands of people.

No, they weren't transparent. They were transparent at that time, but when we saw what happened, they could have been transparent much earlier than they were.

Right. But China -- just so you understand, China is not a beneficiary here. China has thousands and thousands of people. China has gone through hell over this. They've gone through hell. And I've had conversations with President Xi. I just wish they could have told us earlier. They knew they had a problem earlier.

I wish they could have said that.

Thank you.

Well, I'm going to leave that up to Dr. Fauci and everybody else. And I think the answer is: We want to share them. I would imagine we want to share the numbers as -- Admiral, do you want to discuss that?

Not "billion." No. Not billion.

Yes.  I said, "Wait a minute."

Well, there's never been numbers like this. You know, a ventilator is a machine. It's a very complex machine. And to think that we have to order hundreds of thousands -- nobody has ever heard of a thing like this. You know, when we had, in the stockpile -- we had thousands in a stockpile. Thousands, ready to go. That's a lot.

All of a sudden, you need hundreds of thousands. And you're not talking about -- you know, the mask is whether it's plastic or whether it's material; that's one thing. But you're talking about a very sophisticated, heavily computerized machine -- and delicate. And you need hundreds of thousands of them. Nobody has ever heard of a thing like that.

With that being said, General Motors, Ford, so many companies -- I had three calls yesterday directly. Without having to institute -- like, "You will do this" -- these companies are making them right now. But to think of these numbers, it's pretty -- it's pretty mindboggling.

Well -- Mike, go ahead, please.

You understand it. You understand it.

You're an intelligent woman, Kelly. You understand exactly what he's saying. And what he's is rather incredible because we -- we inherited an obsolete, broken system. And when you hear the number of tests that we'll be providing --and are now -- it's incredible. And I've heard a lot of governors say the same thing.

We took over an obsolete, broken testing system that wouldn't have worked for even a small problem, let alone one of the biggest pandemics in history. And what these gentlemen have done is incredible. I am going now to negotiate a great deal for our workers and our citizens. I'll be back tomorrow. We're probably doing this tomorrow.

And, if I might, I'd like to ask Vice President Pence to take over. And thank you all very much.