Thank you very much everybody. Before we begin, I'd like to congratulate all those incredible people that have worked for so long on our endless war in Afghanistan -- 19 years, going on 20 years. And there hasn't been a moment like this. We've had very successful negotiations. We think they'll be successful in the end.

The other side is tired of war. Everybody is tired of war. That's been a particularly long and gruesome one. And when I congratulate President Ghani and the people of Afghanistan. I want to remember all of the people -- all of the great, great men and women that have lost their lives in the war, and to their parents and wives and husbands and families, brothers and sisters.

These are great, great people. Many lives, over such a long period of time, have been lost. I want to thank our wounded warriors -- people that are still bearing pain and all of the problems that they've had to go through. And they're incredible people. Incredible spirit. I'd go to Walter Reed and see them so often.

And the spirit they had -- they wanted to go back. Despite their wounds, they always said, "I want to go back." Wounded warriors -- they're incredible people. I guess, most of all, I want to thank all of the people in the United States for having spent so much, in terms of blood, in terms of treasure and treasury -- the money that has been spent, the lives that have been lost.

And we just signed an agreement that puts us in a position to get it done, bring us down to in the vicinity of 8,000 troops. The United Nations was informed of everything. And NATO has been great. Secretary Stoltenberg has been fantastic. I want to thank the United Nations for the help they gave. And I also want to thank and congratulate Secretary Stoltenberg of NATO. Twenty-nine countries involved and all approving, all very happy with what's going on. I want to also thank and congratulate Secretary of State Pompeo and Secretary of Defense Mark Esper.

And I'll be meeting personally with Taliban leaders in the not-too-distant future. And we'll be very much hoping that they will be doing what they say they're going to be doing: They will be killing terrorists. They will be killing some very bad people. They will keep that fight going. We've had tremendous success in Afghanistan in the killing of terrorists, but it's time, after all these years, to go and to bring our people back home.

We want to bring our people back home. And, again, it's been -- it's been a long journey in Afghanistan in particular. It's been a very long journey. It's been a hard journey for everybody. We're, very largely, a law enforcement group. And that's not what our soldiers are all about. They're fighters.

They're the greatest fighters in the world. As you know, we've destroyed, in Syria and Iraq, 100 percent of the ISIS caliphate. One hundred percent. We have thousands of prisoners. We have killed ISIS fighters by the thousands -- and, likewise, in Afghanistan. But now it's time for somebody else to do that work, and that'll be the Taliban and it could be surrounding countries.

There are many countries that surround Afghanistan that can help. We're 8,000 miles away. So we'll be bringing it down to 8,000, to approximately 8,600 -- in that vicinity -- and then we'll make our final decision some point in the fairly near future. But this was a very spirited agreement. There was a lot of -- there was a lot of talk.

There was a lot of everything. They've been trying to get this for many years. And just -- it's time. So I just want to thank everybody. I want to congratulate everybody. I really believe the Taliban wants to do something to show that we're not all wasting time. If bad things happen, we'll go back. I let the people know: We'll go back and we'll go back so fast, and we'll go back with a force like nobody has ever seen.

And I don't think that will be necessary. I hope it's not necessary. And so I just wanted to bring that up, before we begin, on a topic that has become very, very important to everybody. First of all, the amount of work that these professionals behind me and many other professionals in many rooms behind us who are watching right now -- don't have the room here to bring them all in -- but they have been working around the clock, so hard, on the coronavirus.

It's a tough one, but a lot of progress has been made. I want to provide an update to our people, to our citizens -- to the world, frankly -- on our action to address the coronavirus and those that have been hurt badly by it. At this moment, we have 22 patients in the United States currently that have coronavirus.

Unfortunately, one person passed away overnight. She was a wonderful woman -- a medically high-risk patient in her late fifties. Four others are very ill. Thankfully, 15 are either recovered fully or they're well on their way to recovery. And in all cases, they've been let go in their home. Additional cases in the United States are likely, but healthy individuals should be able to fully recover.

And we think that will be a statement that we can make with great surety now that we've gotten familiar with this problem. They should be able to recover should they contract the virus. So, healthy people, if you're healthy, you will probably go through a process and you'll be fine. Since the early stages of the foreign outbreak, my administration has taken the most aggressive action in modern history to confront the spread of this disease.

We moved very early. That was one of the decisions we made that really turned out to be a lifesaver, in a sense. A big lifesaver. On January 31st, I imposed travel restrictions on foreign nations who had -- and anybody that had been to China or people coming out of China. And I want to say that China seems to be making tremendous progress.

Their numbers are way down. And if you read, Tim Cook of Apple said that they are now in full operation again in China. Their numbers are way down. Experts now agree that the decision to move so quickly, despite a lot of opposition on that decision, was a wise one. It greatly slowed the spread of the virus to the United States, and it really gave us time to do some of the critical moves that we've done.

And it allowed these great professionals to get together and figure it all out. And we think they've done that. We've taken the most aggressive actions to confront the coronavirus. They are the most aggressive taken by any country. And we're the number-one travel destination anywhere in the world, yet we have far fewer cases of the disease than even countries with much less travel or a much smaller population.

As an important part of our efforts, on Monday, I'll be meeting with the largest pharmaceutical companies in the world, actually. They'll be coming to the White House, and we're talking about a vaccine and developing, very quickly -- and they've already started working on it -- developing, very rapidly, a vaccine for the virus, to combat the virus.

And we're having very good initial feedback. But these companies will be coming to the White House on Monday. Tremendous amounts of supplies are already on hand. We have 43 million masks, which is far more than anyone would have assumed we could have had so quickly, and a lot more are coming. Today, the White House Coronavirus Task Force, led by Vice President Mike Pence, they met for two and a half hours.

I spent a lot of that time with them also, and we came up with some ideas, recommendations, and, frankly, some pretty strict edicts that we're going to be going by. And Mike is going to be discussing that. But we are really having a group of people that is so talented and they're working around the clock.

And for that reason, I really would wish that we could really -- that we could report exactly what's happened: how well we're doing under quite adverse circumstances. But we're doing really well. Very, very professionally handled. Our country is prepared for any circumstance. We hope it's not going to be a major circumstance; it'll be a smaller circumstance.

But whatever the circumstance is, we're prepared. And I'd like to just ask and caution that the media -- we would respectfully ask the media and politicians and everybody else involved not do anything to incite panic because there's no reason to panic at all. This is something that is being handled professionally.

I also want to thank, by the way, governors and representatives of our various states -- in some cases, some more than others -- because they've really been working very hard in areas where we've seen indication of the virus. But I want to thank the governors and all of the representatives from all of our states.

The rooms they've made available, the speed with which they've worked, has really been incredible. So, again, thank you to everybody. I'm going to ask Mike Pence now to discuss a little bit about travel. And we have some restrictions on some travel from other countries that are having a hard time. And I want to thank everybody. We'll take some questions as soon as we're finished. Thank you very much.

No, no, no. "Hoax" referring to the action that they take to try and pin this on somebody, because we've done such a good job. The hoax is on them, not -- I'm not talking about what's happening here; I'm talking what they're doing. That's the hoax. That's just a continuation of the hoax, whether it's the impeachment hoax or the "Russia, Russia, Russia" hoax.

This is what I'm talking about. Certainly not referring to this. How could anybody refer to this? This is very serious stuff. But the way they refer to it -- because these people have done such an incredible job, and I don't like it when they are criticizing these people. And that's the hoax. That's what I'm talking about.

Well, that's a very dishonest --

-- a very dishonest question, because he has --

Because he has had that ability to do virtually whatever he's wanted to do. And, in fact --

In fact --

He was never muzzled.

I think I can speak -- you can speak. Why don't you speak to that?

A very dishonest question, but that's okay.

It is dishonest.

Steve, go ahead.

Yes.

We are looking also at southern border. In fact, some of the folks are here right now. Ken is here someplace. And, yes, we are thinking about southern border. We have -- we have received a lot of power on the southern border over the last couple of years from the courts. But we are looking at that very strongly.

Well, I hope they don't change their routine. But maybe, Anthony, I'll let you -- I'll let you answer that. Or Bob? Do you want to answer that? Please.

Go ahead.

Well, we care very much for the troops. We're in constant touch with the troops. We've been speaking to the General, as you probably. Thirty-two thousand troops in South Korea. And that's all working out fine. And we're in touch -- we were in touch with the authorities in South Korea, too.

Yes.

Okay, so, again, the "hoax" was used with respect to Democrats and what they were saying. It was a hoax, what they were saying. And that was very clear, if you'd read the words. And I think you know that too. As far as what responsibility: My great responsibility -- I think the biggest decision we made was going very early.

And that was a decision made against a lot of people that thought we shouldn't do that. That's why we're at 22 instead of a much higher number. It would have been a much higher number. That was a big decision. It was a hard decision because it had never been done before anyway. I mean, not even early or late.

It had never been made, a decision like that. So that was big. And my next thing is really getting the best people. We have the best people in the world. They're standing behind me. These people are so talented. I've seen them in action now for a number of weeks, actually, but for -- in particular, for the last four or five days.

And I want to thank Mike Pence and everybody for the job they're doing. We have a great team. We have great people. And this too will end. Go ahead. Please. Go.

Well, I think so. I mean, we -- we lead a life. I get around. I was in South --

I did. I was in South Carolina last night. We had a tremendous rally. I've been around. I think we're going to be in very good shape. You know, you're talking about 22 people right now in this whole, very vast country. So I think we'll be in very good shape.

Yes. Please.

Right.

Well, he's a terrific man. He's been fantastic at everything he's done. He's highly respected. He wanted to wait until after the IG report came in, as you saw originally. I don't think he was officially or formally nominated. His name was thrown out. But he wanted to wait until after the IG report. The IG report has now come and we've learned a lot of very bad things from the IG report, as you know very well.

And I think he'll go through a process, and it'll go fairly quickly. He's a very respected man; somebody that I've gotten that like. Somebody who really has -- he's someone who's really distinguished himself and, I think, over the last year and a half, two years, in particular. So we're very happy with that.

As far as the Taliban is concerned, everybody wanted this to happen. The Taliban wanted it to happen. President Ghani was very much involved in this, as you know. And he's now dealing with the Taliban. But we're talking about 19 years we've been there. Nineteen years. And other presidents have tried to do this.

The Taliban has given a pledge, and a very strong pledge, and we'll see how that all works out. We hope it's going to work out very well. I think they have big incentives to do it, but they have to take care of the terrorists and kill the terrorists. We'll be working in a different kind of a fashion toward that end.

But the job we've done has been a fantastic one in terms of terrorists and terrorism, and it's time for our people to start coming home.

Some measures. We've been in very close contact with China, including myself with President Xi. He very much wanted this to happen. He wanted this to get out and finished and be done. He worked -- he's been working very, very hard, I can tell you that. And they're making a lot of progress in China. You probably saw Starbucks are now opened again.

You probably saw that -- as I mentioned, Tim just came out and he said Apple is back to normal in terms of production in their facilities in China. They've made a lot of progress.

Well, we have a great relationship, as you know, with Mexico. We have 27,000 soldiers -- their soldiers -- on our border doing a fantastic job. Our numbers are way down of people coming into our country illegally. We have ports of entry that we are keeping open. And we're not talking about it; we're thinking about all borders.

We have to think about that border. But, right now, that is not a border as it pertains to what we're talking about here. This is not a border that seems to be much of a problem right now. We hope we won't have to do that. Yes, please go ahead.

No, no. You weren't -- please.

Well, I think our relationship with China is very good. We just did a big trade deal. We're starting on another trade deal with China -- a very big one. And we've been working very closely. They've been talking to our people, we've been talking to their people, having to do with the virus. No, our relationship with China is very good.

Maybe it's closer because of what's happened here, because it was -- you know, in a certain way, this can bring the world closer, if you want to know. It can really do that. Go ahead.

Yeah.

You know, first of all --

Yeah.

We'll look at that. Look, nobody should be criticizing this deal after 19 years. He had his chance; he didn't do it. He was very much in favor of going in. We should have never gone in in the first place, when they went into --

-- when they went into Iraq.

Listen. Listen. When they went into Iraq, when they went into the Middle East in such a fashion, I was very much against it. Shouldn't have gone -- gone in. He thought we should have. That's been proven wrong. I'm surprised that anybody would be against something where we try and end a 19-year war. We're 8,000 miles away from our home.

We've done a great job, in the sense that we've killed a lot of terrorists, we've put them out of commission. Who knows what they would have done if we didn't do that. But it's time for us to come home. Now, the Taliban, working with other nations perhaps -- because you're surrounded by other very strong nations.

And whether it's Pakistan or Iran or lots of other places, including Russia, they can all work on this. We've been doing it for nations that are surrounding Afghanistan. Now it's time for us to start coming home. And I think it's a very good situation. President Ghani is working on it very hard. We'll see how that works out.

But the United States has done great services for people all over the world that, frankly, I don't think they've been given the -- the, really -- the kind of respect that they should be given for what we've done. What we have done for the world is incredible. And usually we don't even get a "thank you." In Afghanistan, we did something.

And I will tell you, for the most part -- I noticed he was negative, but he should have tried to do something better. He was here for a year; he could have done something better. I was all ears, and he wasn't able to do that. The deal has a chance to be extremely good. But what it does do is we start bringing our people back home.

Yeah. Go ahead.

Good. It's about time.

No, I think the Fed has a very important role and -- especially psychological. I mean, if you look at the -- the Fed has a massive impact. Lots of it is psychological and lots of it is fact. This is something I think they should have done even beyond this and before this, because other countries -- they are not as nearly as prime.

We're the greatest in the world. It's our currency. Everything -- we have everything. We should have the lowest interest rates. We don't have the lowest interest rates. Our Fed rate is higher. You look at Germany. You look at Japan. You look at other countries. They have -- many of them have negative rates.

And we are not put in that position because of our Fed. And now we have this problem. You saw where Germany is lowering and also infusing a lot of money into their economy -- a tremendous amount. I haven't heard our Fed say they should do this. Our Fed should start being a leader, not a follower. Our Fed has been a follower.

We need a Fed that's going to be a leader. We should have at least the same rates and ideally lower rates than other countries. We shouldn't be paying more, but we're forced to pay more in interest. And we -- we are the most prime. Think of it: biggest economy in the world, by far. China would have overtaken us in this year; they were expected to for five years.

2019, they were going to overtake us. They're not even close, and they won't be close as -- as long as somebody smart is right here, they won't be close. But I will say this: The relationship with them is good, but as far as the Fed is concerned, our Fed should be a leader. Our Fed has not been a leader at all.

Frankly, we should have -- we should have -- we could refinance our debt at even lower rates. The rates are very low, but we should be refinancing debt at even lower rates. Our Fed is making us pay more than we should, and that's ridiculous.

Right.

I think this process will go very quickly.

I think Democrat, Republican, liberal, conservative -- this process is going to go very quickly.

And, you know, that was -- excuse me?

Yeah. We can do that. You want to do that?

Okay. Would you like to say something? All right. Okay.

By the way, the meeting with the pharmaceutical companies was actually set up before, over drug pricing, because we want prices to go way down. But it turns out to be a very convenient meeting as it pertains to the vaccine.

Talk about both.

Well, let me just respond quickly, and then I'm going to have Mike say something about that because I've heard very good explanations, actually. When it came to healthcare, Indiana has been a leader -- an absolute leader. And it was really started with others, but by Mike Pence, and he's done a phenomenal job on healthcare.

One of the best, if not the best, in the country. And with that, I'll let Mike respond specifically, if you want to.

It was a great answer, and he's doing a great job. Go ahead. He's doing a great job. Great answer. Thank you.

When was that? When?

Okay.

The market will all come back. The markets are very strong. The consumer is unbelievably strong. The companies are very strong. We have one problem. We have to get this problem brought into focus, and it is -- right now, I think our professionals are doing a great job. I'm not thinking -- I'm not thinking in terms --

Well, it's certainly -- it's certainly not a good situation when you lose travel. That's a big part of market. But for a period of time, we're going to have to do whatever is necessary. Safety, health, number one. We -- the markets will take care of themselves. The companies -- companies are very powerful.

Our consumer has never been in a better position than they are right now. Larry Kudlow was telling me before that the numbers -- I said, "Don't even bring it up. What difference?" But that the numbers are very strong. He's got numbers from Friday, very strong. You see the numbers. But our focus -- our focus is on exactly this; it's not on that.

That will take care of itself.

I think the big thing we're looking for is the Fed to do its job. If the Fed does its job, that's what we are really looking for. We're -- prior to this, we -- as you know, we announced that we're going to be -- at the end of the year, we're going to be -- toward the end of the year, we're going to be announcing a middle-income tax cut in order to get that through.

I don't think the Democrats are going to be approving any tax cuts because they like to raise taxes instead of lowering taxes. But we'll be, in the not-too-distant future, announcing a very major middle-income tax cut. Okay? So, ladies and gentlemen, thank you. Thank you.

Go ahead, please.

Yeah.

I think it's always good to be prepared. I think it's always good. But we are super prepared, when you hear 43 million masks, as an example. All right, we'll do one more. Go ahead, the gentleman -- go ahead.

Right.

They all want to discuss arms control, and that's a wise thing. We're spending now over $20 billion on nuclear and on the super-speed missiles and many other things. And they have come to me, and they all want to now discuss arms control, and that includes China and that includes Russia. And I think it's very smart of them to want to do it, and I think it's very smart of us to want to do it. And we will be discussing that in New York.

Go ahead. One final question. Go ahead.

No, no. Please.

Like today. Okay? Today. They'll start immediately. So, ladies and gentlemen, we'll be doing this quite often. We're going to keep you abreast of all of the facts. And again, I want to thank the professionals. They are great professionals. I've gotten to really know them and see them under very interesting and tough and trying conditions.

We have the finest in the world. I will say this: Other countries call us and they ask, would it be possible for them to speak to Anthony and Bob and the people that you're talking to on a daily basis now. So we're going to be very transparent. We'll be meeting you probably tomorrow or the next day. We'll keep you abreast.

Thank you very much.