Thank you very much. Later this evening, we expect the House to pass the Paycheck Protection Program and Health Care Enhancement Act. I'm grateful that Congress is answering my call to deliver these additional $320 billion in relief for the American worker and for small businesses.

At a time when many Americans are enduring significant economic challenges, this bill will help small businesses to keep millions of workers on the payroll. You see states are starting to open up now, and it's very exciting to see. I think it's very awe-inspiring. We're coming out of it, and we're coming out of it well.

And we're -- really, I'm very happy the governors have been -- the governors, really, have been doing a really good job working with us, and it's -- it's, really, pretty impressive to see. I've spoken to numerous leaders of countries over the last 48 hours, and they are saying we're leading the way. We're really leading the way in so many different ways.

I'm also very pleased that Harvard -- as you know, it's Harvard and Stanford and Princeton and numerous other universities and colleges, and also large businesses have sent funds back to us. And in some cases, I stopped funds that I looked at. And we are pleased to report that the funds have either not gone out or it's about $350 million, and they've either not gone out or we've renegotiated it and they're not getting them.

So -- and it's -- in a couple of cases, they're sending them back and sending them back immediately. So I think it was very nice. I want to thank Harvard in particular. They acted very quickly and decisively. And they agreed, when they heard the facts, that they should not be getting it. So we appreciate it very much from Harvard, Princeton, Stanford, and other institutions.

The bill also includes $30 billion to support small lending institutions serving distressed communities, helping countless African American and Hispanic American small businesses.

As we continue our battle against the virus, the data and facts on the ground suggest that we're making great progress. In 23 states, new cases have declined in the peak -- week. Forty percent of American counties have also seen a rapid decline in new cases. Forty-six states reported drop in patients showing coronavirus-like symptoms. That's a big number.

To keep America gaining momentum, every citizen needs to maintain the vigilance. And we all understand that very well; we've gone over it many, many times. This includes practicing good hygiene, maintaining social distance, and the voluntary use of face covering.

A safe and phased reopening of our economy -- it's very exciting, but it does not mean that we are letting down our guard at all, in any way. On the contrary, continued diligence is an essential part of our strategy to get our country back to work, to take our country back. We're winning this, and we're going to win it, and we're going to keep watching. We're going to watch very closely for the invisible enemy.

With each passing day, we're learning more and more about this enemy. The scientists at DHS have released a report offering a number of insights about how the virus reacts to different temperatures, climates, and surfaces. The findings confirm that the virus survives better in cold or in drier environments and does less well in warmer and more humid environments.

I have to say that, very excitingly, we're going to have somebody up; Bill will be up in just a little while. It was a great report you gave. And he's going to be talking about how the virus reacts in sunlight. Wait until you hear the numbers. You won't even believe them.

U.S. trials of the COVID-19 have been going on and have been approved in the United States, Germany, UK, and China. That's big news. And we're -- a lot of trials are going on. We have a lot of great, brilliant minds working on this, both from the standpoint of a vaccine and therapeutics.

We must be careful in all conditions, but we will -- we will get this done. We're very close to a vaccine. Unfortunately, we're not very close to testing because when the testing starts, it takes a period of time. But we'll get it done.

And I want to thank the head of DHS Science and Technology, Bill Bryan, for what he's going to be doing and what he's going to be saying and the report that he's about to give. I think it's going to be something that nobody has ever heard. It'll be brand-new information and very important information.

My administration continues to leverage the Defense Production Act to dramatically increase the manufacture and delivery of critical medical supplies. We finalized three contracts to produce 39 million more N95 masks in 90 days. And as you know, we're also using a sterilization process. Some great equipment that will sterilize the masks up to 20 times per mask. So that's like ordering 20 times more masks. And it's working very well.

We just want the hospitals and the institutions, where it is, to use it. A lot of people don't use it. They're so used to getting a new mask, they don't want to use it. They want to go and immediately get a new one. We're asking them to use the sterilization process. Every bit as good -- up to 20 times. Think of that.

In addition to ramping up our domestic assembly lines, we also have airlifted nearly 750 million pieces of personal protective equipment into the United States through our Project Airbridge, which has been an incredible thing to watch. It's really a military operation.

The Vice President is now providing each governor with an exhaustive count-by-county breakdown of the privately distributed personal protection. And this is equipment and things that are incredible. It's personal protective equipment. It's incredible, and it's all brand new and at the highest level. We're getting only the highest level. And also, we're looking at essential gear within their states, and it's being delivered to different states quickly and as we speak.

This way, the governor should know exactly what's being delivered through a private-sector supply chain within their states, as well as through the Project Airbridge. We're trying to get it immediately from the plane to the state. When we can't do that, we bring it into our facilities and get it to the governors. And we're getting them fast, and we're notifying them very strongly so they know it's there. Governors can use this information to quickly ensure that they get materials where and when they are needed.

Today, I also want to extend my special thanks to our nation's incredible county emergency management teams who have been working relentlessly for weeks around the clock, end on end, to serve their communities, help distribute critical supplies, and save countless American lives. We salute these heroic officials on the frontlines.

As we continue to develop potential therapies, the FDA has recently begun a national effort to expand access to convalescent plasma donated from the blood of those who have recovered from the virus. The blood of these donors contains antibodies that can potentially reduce the severity of the illness in those who are sick -- and frankly, those that are very sick. Nearly 3,000 patients are now enrolled in the Expanded Access Program, receiving transfusions nationwide.

And I want to thank all of the people that recovered, for what they've done. They -- as I said yesterday, they raise their hand when they barely can walk, and they're saying, "I want to donate blood. I want to donate whatever it is that you want, because we want to help people." It's really quite incredible.

Convalescent plasma will also be used to manufacture a concentrated antibody treatment that does not have to be matched with a particular blood type. This concentrated antibody treatment could be used as a preventative measure to keep healthcare workers and other high-risk populations from contracting the virus in the first place. A very big deal.

Clinical trials of these products are slated to begin within weeks, and we can maybe have a fairly quick solution. I urge Americans to get in there and keep doing what you're doing, because again, we want those people recovering or recovered from coronavirus to contact their local blood and plasma donation center to learn how they can help. And they've been so great, and I just appreciate it.

My administration has also partnered with leading -- and we have really been establishing some great partnerships with leading technology companies and scientific journals to create a database of 52,000 scholarly articles on the virus that can be analyzed by artificial intelligence.

Top AI experts are now using this wealth of data to gain insights into potential therapies. And we're collaborating with tech firms, universities, and our national labs to harness American supercomputers in the search for treatments and vaccines. That search is going on, and it's being -- I think you'll see in the future -- you'll see it's very successful. Ultimately, it'll be a tremendous success. Great progress is being made at a rapid pace -- a pace like no other.

We have every hope that with the full might and resources of American science and technology, and with the courage and devotion of the American people who have been so incredible, we will end this plague, and together we will restore the full measure of American strength and power and prosperity.

Our country is going to do fantastically well. You see what's going on. There is a pent-up demand in our country to get it back right where it was and maybe even better, and that's what's going to happen.

So with that, I'd like to ask Mike Pence to come up -- Vice President. Say a few words please, Mike.

Thank you, Bill.

Thank you, Bill.

Thank you very much. So I asked Bill a question that probably some of you are thinking of, if you're totally into that world, which I find to be very interesting. So, supposing we hit the body with a tremendous -- whether it's ultraviolet or just very powerful light -- and I think you said that that hasn't been checked, but you're going to test it. And then I said, supposing you brought the light inside the body, which you can do either through the skin or in some other way, and I think you said you're going to test that too. It sounds interesting.

Right. And then I see the disinfectant, where it knocks it out in a minute. One minute. And is there a way we can do something like that, by injection inside or almost a cleaning. Because you see it gets in the lungs and it does a tremendous number on the lungs. So it would be interesting to check that. So, that, you're going to have to use medical doctors with. But it sounds -- it sounds interesting to me.

So we'll see. But the whole concept of the light, the way it kills it in one minute, that's -- that's pretty powerful.

Steve, please.

Well, we may, and we may go beyond that. We're going to have to see where it is. And I think people are going to know. You're going to know. I'm going to know. I think people are going to know just out of common sense. At some point, we won't have to do that. But until we feel it's safe, we're going to be extending.

Yeah, but it means we're going to watch those cases very carefully. I think we've all gotten very good at it. We've gotten good at tracing. We see where the cases are, where they're going, and we're going to be watching it. And it's called "containment." At a certain point, we're going to be able to contain.

And, you know, when you see this, a lot of people have been talking about summer. Maybe this is one of the reasons. We've -- I once mentioned that maybe it does go away with heat and light. And people didn't like that statement very much. The -- the fake news didn't like it at all. And I just threw it out as a suggestion, but it seems like that's the case, because when it's on a surface that would last for a long time, when that surface is outside, it goes away very quickly. It dies very quickly with the sun.

Yeah, go ahead.

Yeah, we'll look into it, and I have been looking into it. I've been talking to a lot of the different senators, but I don't want to talk about it now. That was a very interesting presentation.

Go ahead, Jon.

I just told you I'm not talking about it now.

I'll talk about it later.

I'd like to talk about something that, right now, is of more interest to people.

Yeah. Sure.

It wouldn't be through injection. We're talking about through almost a cleaning, sterilization of an area. Maybe it works, maybe it doesn't work. But it certainly has a big effect if it's on a stationary object.

But so are you saying, on surfaces, the heat, the hot summer, and whatever other conditions -- humidity and lack of humidity -- that that would have an impact so that on surfaces, where it can be picked up, it will die fairly quickly in the summer, whereas in the winter, it wouldn't die so quickly?

If it's on somebody's hands, right?

And they haven't touched their face and all of the things that we've all been --

I know, but if they're outside -- right -- and their hands are exposed to the sun, will that kill it as though it were on a piece of metal or something else?

This is sort of semi-non-porous, right? This, right?

Wait, wait, wait, wait. Okay, go ahead.

In fact, I'm thinking about moving outside to the Rose Garden.  No, it's a very interesting question, actually.

Okay. Please, go ahead. In the back.

Phil?

And we are working with other countries on vaccines, as you know.

Yeah. Go ahead. Please.

Say it? In the beginning -- what?

Well, I'll tell you one thing: I think a lot of people are going to go outside all of a sudden. People that didn't want to go outside, they'll be going.

This was a -- to me this is very -- really, a very interesting meeting. We covered it in great detail. And these are incredible people at that -- we could call it a laboratory, because that's essentially what it is. It's a super laboratory. It's a lot of things going on in that laboratory.

A lot of very interesting things going on in that laboratory.

Yeah.

Sure, Mike. Go ahead. Go ahead.

Go ahead.

Okay. Yeah. Go ahead.

I haven't at all. I haven't at all. What are you say- -- we'll see what happens.

We've had a lot of very good results and we had some results that perhaps aren't so good. I don't know. I just read about one, but I also read many times good. So I haven't at all. And it's a -- it's a great -- for malaria, for lupus, for other things. And we'll see what it is.

But, I guess, Deborah, they have many, many studies going on on that. So we'll -- we'll be able to learn.

I have not. I haven't seen it. I have not seen it.

Go ahead, please.

Yeah. Yeah.

Well, I know a lot about economists.

Yeah.

Sure.

Well, let me go. We -- we know the rest of the question, right? So I -- I know a lot about economists, and the answer is they have no idea. I think I have as good an idea as anybody, and I think our economy will start to pick up very substantially, as soon as the states get open.

And that's happening as we speak, and it's actually very exciting, and people are just -- just thrilled to see it, because our country has to get back to work. They want to get back to work. You see that, whether it's a demonstration or just in talking to people. They're going to get back to work, and they're going to get back to work very fast.

States are advanced. I look at Gavin Newson -- was -- Newsom was very nice today. He wrote a beautiful statement about -- we sent him a lot of -- a lot of things that he needed. Okay? Things -- different things that he needed. We got -- we got it taken care of. They've done very well in California, as you know. They're doing really well in Florida. They're doing well in a lot of places. New York and New Jersey got hit very hard. They're doing very well.

I spoke again with Governor Cuomo, with Governor Murphy. They're doing -- they're doing a great job. And here's the thing: We have to see. They got hit hard. Everyone close together -- tight in. People don't realize New Jersey is very tight. You realize that because you've been covering it for a long time, but very tight. New York obviously is very tight. They're doing a terrific job.

I -- I think for the most part -- I'll be able to tell you when it's all over, but a lot of the governors have done a really terrific job. Some I don't think have, to be honest. But we'll be talking about that in future.

Yes, go ahead.

The answer is yes. And the answer is -- as you know, and as I've said many times -- we're very advanced in testing. Other countries are calling us to find out what are we doing.

And, by the way, within two weeks, you'll see numbers and you'll see different forms of testing -- just like we came up with the Abbott Laboratories machine, which gives it to you in five minutes -- that everybody wants. Everybody is asking, "Can we get that?" But you can only make them so fast. But, as you know, we've done more testing than every other nation combined, and that's a big statement.

And, you know, when they talk about different tests and different things, we're also a bigger nation than most. And so, when they look at statistics -- because, statistically, we're doing phenomenally, in terms of mortality, in terms of all of the different elements that you can judge. When you look, Germany and ourselves are doing very well.

We are very accurate in the reporting of numbers. In fact, I'll go a step further. As you know, in New York, they actually added quite a few deaths to a list that was done in New York. And they added a number of deaths. We're very, very -- highly accurate.

And then you'll look at certain lists of other countries. Some are so obvious just to look at, where obviously the number is ridiculous, in the form of low, because they're not accurate counts. They're not even close to accurate counts. In fact, they're insulting to look at them.

So we've done very well. Again, testing -- we're doing very well on testing. We've tested far more than anybody else anywhere in the world. And within a short period of time, you'll be hearing about new tests that are coming out that are going to be incredible.

Steve, go ahead.

No, I don't agree with him on that. No, I think we're doing a great job in testing. I don't agree. If he said that, I don't agree with him.

Yes.

Yeah, well, they're doing it. I'll tell you, Steve, they -- they're doing it at a level that they've never done it before. Abbott is a great company. It's a very big, highly respected company. They came up with this machine where you do it -- I've done it both ways. I've done it this way and I didn't like it. And I've done it the Abbott way, where you literally just touch and, five minutes later, you know the answer.

And we use them in the White House. I think you folks have been given that opportunity, which is much more pleasant than the first way that they looked at you. Right?

We're making them -- hundreds of thousands of machines. The advantage to the other tests and the laboratory tests is we can get millions and millions of those tests done. It takes a day or two days. But -- you know, because it's really a delivery situation, more than anything else. The test itself goes quickly once it gets to the laboratory.

But as we have found and as we have, I think, shown everybody in the room, we have many laboratories. We have thou- -- we have so many laboratories. Nobody -- nobody -- a lot of the governors did not know that we have this capacity, but we have many laboratories all over our country. Every state has laboratories and some have a lot of them. So I think we will -- we will come up with things as time goes by.

Again, when I started, we ended up -- we -- we started with nothing, essentially. What -- we started with a broken test, a test that didn't work. We started with a test that did very few people, not millions of people.

The problem is, if we did 350- -- if we did 350 million tests, one for each person, the media would say, "Oh, you should have done two for each person." No matter what you do, it doesn't make any difference.

It's just like the ventilators. I talk about it all the time. Nobody ever mentions ventilators. One of the hardest things are ventilators. And now we're making thousands a week -- thousands of ventilators. And they're calling from Mexico; they're calling from many countries.

I've received today four calls. "Would it be possible to send ventilators?" Right? I got four calls today. I got three calls yesterday. No country is equipped like we are. We have 11 -- we have 11 different places making ventilators. Our country, as you know, doesn't need them now. Our governors are very happy.

But that's different than test, because with a test you can always say, "Oh, we -- we need more." No, I think we've done incredibly well with -- obviously, with ventilators. We're -- we also have 500 million masks -- 500 million masks that are very shortly going to be here. We've made millions of masks. We have ordered millions of masks that have arrived and been distributed.

We gave one hospital in New York City 300,000 masks. Before the virus, they were using 10,000. And now we got them 300,000, and they got rid of them very quick, which I -- quickly -- which I sort of say, "How did that happen? Why?" Because they became very valuable -- the masks. I say, "How did that happen?"

But we got -- we have -- we've done an amazing job, and we've worked with the governors. And when the governors weren't able -- again, they're the first line -- when they weren't able to get something -- like ventilators, they couldn't get ventilators. They could've bought them. You could have bought them, but most of them -- many of them chose not to. So they all needed ventilators. We got the job done.

We have -- I'll be introducing the team when we're finished with this whole nightmare, this whole curse, this whole plague. But the team that worked on the ventilators was incredible. And the team that work -- and it's a little bit interchangeable, but the team that's working on the testing is truly an incredible team. These are brilliant people. And they're doing it for the country; they're not doing it for other reasons.

Some have been very successful. They're doing it for the country.

Yes.

Great.

I'll be signing it probably tonight.

I don't know if it was a vicious attack, but certainly some people do look at it that way. I've spoken to Mitch about it; I've spoken to numerous senators about it. And we're working with senators that are on the other side of the issue, and we'll see what happens. But we're looking to do what's right for the people of this country. We're looking to do what's right for a particular state. And we'll see what happens.

But it's certainly the next thing we're going to be discussing because some states have -- in all fairness, Jon, some states have not done very well for many years, long before the virus came. You know, you can't blame the plague -- this horrible plague that came in and, all of a sudden -- you know, they can't blame that. You look at Illinois -- he's got a lot of problems long before the virus came in. And so we'll be talking about it. It'll be a subject for a period of time.

And right now, we've -- we've made this incredible deal for the workers and for small business. And I'm very happy that Harvard didn't get covered. We actually never sent them the check. But they were very nice about it. We never sent them the money. The old-fashioned way is the check; the new way is send them the money. And we didn't send them the money.

And -- but they were very understanding and they were very nice about it. So was Princeton, so was Stanford, so were a number of other schools that you just don't associate with this money. So were big companies, as you know. You know, many of them. It was a relatively small amount of money compared to the whole. A very small amount of money compared. But we want it to be fair. We want it to go to the people that it's supposed to go to.

I'm open. I'm open.

I'm open to ideas that are going to be great for the people of this country.

And if we can help states, we're always going to help states.

Now, there's different ways of helping states. Some ways are better than others. So we're looking. It is interesting that the states that are in trouble do happen to be blue. It is interesting, you know, if you look around. I mean, the states that seem to have the problem happen to be Democrat.

No, but New York and New Jersey were in a lot of trouble long before the plague came. I mean, they were -- you know, they had a lot of problems long before the plague came. I spoke with Governor Cuomo about it, spoke to Governor Murphy about it. I spoke with Gavin Newsom about it. And we -- I'm speaking to a lot of people about it, because it's probably going to be the next thing on the list.

A lot of people understand very well what Mitch is saying, and they also understand the other side of the -- the problem. And I'll be speaking about it. We're going to do the right thing for our country. The right thing for our country and the right thing for a lot of great people. Okay?

Yeah, please.

Yeah, here we go.

Here we go. The new -- the new headline is: "Trump Asks People to go Outside. That's Dangerous." Here we go. Same old group. You ready? I hope people enjoy the sun. And if it has an impact, that's great. I'm just hearing this -- not really for the first time. I mean, there's been a rumor that -- you know, a very nice rumor -- that you go outside in the sun, or you have heat and it does have an effect on other viruses.

But now we get it from one of the great laboratories of the world. I have to say, it covers a lot more territory than just this. This is -- this is probably an easy thing, relatively speaking, for you.

I would like you to speak to the medical doctors to see if there's any way that you can apply light and heat to cure. You know -- but if you could. And maybe you can, maybe you can't. Again, I say, maybe you can, maybe you can't. I'm not a doctor. But I'm like a person that has a good you know what.

Deborah, have you ever heard of that? The heat and the light, relative to certain viruses, yes, but relative to this virus?

Yeah.

I think it's a great thing to look at. I mean, you know. Okay?

Hey -- hey, Phil.

Hey, Phil. I'm the President and you're fake news. And you know what I'll say to you? I'll say it very nicely. I know you well.

I know you well.

Because I know the guy; I see what he writes. He's a total faker.

So, are you ready? Are you ready? Are you ready? It's just a suggestion from a brilliant lab by a very, very smart, perhaps brilliant, man. He's talking about sun. He's talking about heat. And you see the numbers. So that's it; that's all I have. I'm just here to present talent. I'm here to present ideas, because we want ideas to get rid of this thing. And if heat is good and if sunlight is good, that's a great thing as far as I'm concerned.

Go ahead.

They could have one of what?

Yeah.

Oxford is one. Johnson & Johnson is working. They're also working together. You have many companies working together on a vaccine.

Oh, we'll scale it up. If we had a vaccine, it'll be scaled up very quickly. In fact, some of the companies -- Johnson & Johnson is one -- is scaling up already, before they have the final answer. A number of companies are doing that. You'll save a lot of time. The normal is you scale up after.

I have to say, the FDA has been fantastic. Stephen Hahn -- Dr. Hahn -- has been fantastic. They're moving along rapidly. Rapidly.

No, I don't want to put a timescale because then the -- the media, the so-called -- so-called "media" -- "lamestream" media will say, "He said a time." I don't want to say times, because every time I say a time, if you don't hit it, they'll say -- so I don't want to talk about time.

But I will say that there's been tremendous progress made over the last month.

Yeah.

I did.

I did.

He called me a few days ago. I will tell you, he sounded incredible. I was actually surprised. I thought he'd be like, "Oh, Donald, how are you... " He was ready to go. I could -- I'm very surprised to tell you this: It's like the old Boris. Tremendous energy. Tremendous drive. I was very surprised, because he called me almost, you know, pretty close to when he got out of the hospital.

I think he's doing great. I think he's doing great. He was so sharp and energetic. Pretty incredible. He's an incredible guy.

He's a friend of ours and -- and a friend of mine. He loves our country. He loves his country a lot. But he loves our country. He respects our country. And they're lucky to have him over there.

Please.

I hope he's not in medical trouble.

I hope he's --

I've gotten along very well with him. And you know, here we are. You would have been in a war with North Korea if I didn't get elected President. Remember, I was going to be the one that took us into war, with my first day in office. Okay? Here we are. Look at what's happened. Withdrawal. We're bringing people home. We're not going to serve as policemen all over the world. I don't want to be policemen all over the world.

And yet I've rebuilt our military to a level that it's never been built at before.

But it's never recognized by the fake news.

Go ahead.

Uh, I think the report was incorrect. Let me just put it that way. I think the report was done by a network that was incorrect.

I'm hearing they used old documents. But I -- that's what I hear. I hear the report was an incorrect report. I hope it was an incorrect report.

I don't want to say.

Yeah.

With who?

I don't want to say. I won't say that.

We have a good relationship with North Korea -- as good as you can have. I mean, we have a good relationship with North Korea. I have a good relationship with Kim Jong Un, and I hope he's okay. And somebody would say, "Oh, that's terrible." No, it's not terrible. I hope he's okay. And I think it was a fake report done by CNN.

What do you have? Go ahead.

No, that's enough.

Go ahead.

The problem is you don't write the truth, so, you know, as far as I'm concerned --

-- I want to go -- I want to go to the next question.

No, not CNN, please.

Go ahead.

You don't --

I told you --

-- CNN is fake news. Don't talk to me.

Go ahead, please.

Okay, next question.

Just ask one, please.

About what?

The controversy?

I did.

I had a good talk with the governor of Georgia.

I did convey the message. I didn't like the fact that he's leaving certain things -- I want the states to open more than he does -- much more than he does. But I didn't like to see spas at this early stage, nor did the doctors. Is that a correct statement, Deborah?

I didn't like to see spas opening, frankly. I didn't like to see a lot of things happening. And I wasn't happy with it. And I wasn't happy with Brian Kemp. I wasn't at all happy, because -- and I could have done something about it if I wanted to, but I'm saying let the governors do it. But I wasn't happy with Brian Kemp. Spas, beauty parlors, tattoo parlors -- no, that's -- that --

And, by the way, I want them to open -- excuse me.

Excuse me. I want them to open, and I want him to open as soon as possible. And I want the state to open. But I wasn't happy with Brian Kemp. I will tell you that right now.

Yeah, go ahead.

No, he didn't. No, he didn't defy me at all. That's your language. He didn't defy me.

You know what happened? I said, "You make your own decision." I told him that. I said, "You're not in the guidelines, but I'm letting you make your own decision. But I want people to be safe, and I want the people in Georgia to be safe, and I don't want this thing to flare up because you're deciding to do something that is not in the guidelines."

And I went to Deborah and Dr. Fauci and other people, and they weren't thrilled about it. And I could have stopped him, but I decided -- and we all agreed -- they got to watch it closely. So we'll see what happens.

I told him very distinctly -- I said -- Mike was there -- I said, "You do what you think is best." But if you ask me, am I happy about it? I'm not happy about it, and I'm not happy about Brian Kemp.

Go ahead.

If we do it quickly, that would be great.

Because you see it in the charts. I mean, you have to ask the question, but you do see it in the charts.

Go ahead. Please.

Yeah, that's a -- that's a problem.

Look, I can't tell you what's going to happen in an election.

Yeah. Great question. I can't tell you what's going to happen. We have a sleepy guy in a basement of a house that the press is giving a free pass to who doesn't want to do debates because of COVID. And lots of things are happening. Right?

And I watched a couple of interviews, and I say, "Oh, I look forward to this." But they're keeping him sheltered because of the coronavirus. And he's not moving around; he's not moving too much. And then I watch what the press does to the Republican Party -- and to me, in particular.

We had the greatest economy ever put together. We were doing -- this is a month and a half ago. We were doing numbers, the like -- the likes of which we've never done. African American, Asian American, Hispanic American -- best employment numbers ever in the history of our country. Our employment numbers, the best in the history of our country: almost 160 million people. The stock market: record numbers, many, many times during my tenure. Many, many times.

But now we have a country that we had to close because of this. And, frankly, if we didn't close it, we would have lost millions of people possibly, but certainly we would have lost a million people. You take the high number and cut it in half, cut it in half again. But whether it would have been 600, 700, 800, you take a look at the travesty that there is. You take a look at this horrible, horrible scene of hospitals with bodies in black body bags, right? Multiply that times 10, 15, or even 20, because that would have happened.

So we did the right thing. So far, we did the right thing. So far, we've called it right. We've mobilized like it was a military operation. And it was largely a militarily operation, between ventilators and testing and so many other things. And we've had a lot of good partners. Not all good partners, but we had a lot of good partners.

Gavin Newsom today thanked us very much. Gavin Newsom -- California -- thanked us so much for getting him all the things that he needed so he can keep going and keep doing a good job. We got it to him today. Tomorrow, we're getting him even more. It would've been harder for him to get it than us. We agreed to get it. We got it on time. He said, "Promises made, promises kept." He actually said that in a statement today.

We've done a good job. We've gotten very little credit for the great job we've done because of the media. Because the media is not an honest media, in my opinion. Much of it, not all of it. We have some great reporters that I have tremendous respect, but much of the media is not honest.

So I can't tell you about the election. You have a Democrat Party and you have a large portion of the media automatically giving the guy a pass. He's been given a pass. Whether or not he's going to be the nominee, I have no idea, but he's getting a pass.

And the media isn't covering the great job that we've done, whether it's Mike's task force, which has been incredible; whether it's the way we mobilized in a war-like operation to build these incredibly complex and very expensive ventilators. They're very expensive to build and very complex. The job we've done has been an amazing job. And I'm not talking about me; I'm talking about everybody. I'm talking about the generals, the admirals, Deborah and Tony, and -- and now Bill. I mean, something we hadn't heard today.

So I can't tell you what's going to happen with the election. I think that had we not gone through a fake Russia, Russia, Russia deal; an impeachment hoax -- it was a total hoax. From the day I got elected -- but, you know, it wasn't the day; it was many months before I got elected -- this has been a witch hunt that was illegal. It was an illegal witch hunt. It was illegal.

And with all of that, I'm doing fine, because the people see we're doing a great job. And you know what? We'll continue to do a great job.

If we had an honest press, this country would be even greater.

Thank you. Thank you very much.