Well, thank you very much. And I see we have fewer people because of the virus problem, and we appreciate you being here. And this is getting to be more and more social distancing, and that's fine. That's the way it should be, and it's too bad. We extend our best wishes to the person affected. And we feel sure that he or she will be better very soon.

And thank you for being here. America continues to mobilize every segment of our society to turn the tide in the battle against the virus. I want Americans to know that we will get through this challenge. The hardship will end; it will end soon. Normal life will return. And our economy will rebound very, very strongly.

But, right now, in the midst of this great national trial, Americans must remain united in purpose and focused on victory. To every single American, please know that the sacrifice you're making at this time is saving lives -- many, many lives. It's very important that we totally protect our Asian American community in the United States and all around the world.

They're amazing people, and the spreading of the virus is not their fault in any way, shape, or form. They're working closely with us to get rid of it. We will prevail together. It's very important. From the beginning, we have been working closely with our nation's best scientists and medical professionals, and we will continue to do so until we have defeated the virus.

Our public health experts, who are terrific, are studying the variation in the disease across the country, and we will be using data to recommend new protocols to allow local economies to cautiously resume their activity at the appropriate time. We also have a large team working on what the next steps will be once the medical community gives a region the okay -- meaning the okay to get going, to get back; let's go to work.

Our country wasn't built to be shut down. This is not a country that was built for this. It was not built to be shut down. My administration continues to work with Democrats and Republicans to reach an agreement on an urgent relief bill for the millions of American workers and small businesses and large businesses that were badly affected by the medical difficulty that we've had.

If you had a viable business in January, we are committed to ensuring the same is true in the coming weeks. In fact, we want to make it even better than it was before, and we're doing things to help in that regard. America will again, and soon, be open for business -- very soon -- a lot sooner than three or four months that somebody was suggesting.

A lot sooner. We cannot let the cure be worse than the problem itself. We're not going to let the cure be worse than the problem. At the end of the 15-day period, we'll make a decision as to which way we want to go, where we want to go, the timing. And essentially, we're referring to the timing of the opening -- essentially, the opening of our country, because we have it pretty well shut down in order to get rid of this invisible enemy.

Two weeks ago, we moved at record speed to pass paid sick leave and paid family medical leave and approve $8 billion, including money for the development of treatments and vaccines. And we're doing tremendous work in both -- on both fronts. The vaccines are coming along very quickly. Now Congress must demonstrate the same bipartisanship again and join together to pass the Senate bill as written, and avoid playing any more partisan games.

They have to get together and just stop with the partisan politics. And I think that's happening. I got a call a little while ago; I guess they're getting closer. It should go quickly and must go quickly. It's not really a choice. They don't have a choice. They have to make a deal. This should not be a time for political agendas but rather one for focusing solely and squarely on the needs of the American people.

We are going to save American workers, and we're going to save them quickly. And we're going to save our great American companies, both small and large. This was a medical problem. We are not going to let it turn into a long-lasting financial problem. It started out as a purely medical problem, and it's not going to go beyond that.

We're just not going to allow that to happen. Our country was at its strongest financial point. We've never had an economy like we had just a few weeks ago, and then it got hit with something that nobody could have ever thought possible. And we are fixing it. We're fixing it quickly. And I want to just thank the American people for what they've been through and what they're doing.

Our country will be stronger than ever before, and we fully anticipate that. And it won't be that long. Let me provide you with an update on critical supplies: FEMA is distributing 8 million N95 respirator masks and 13.3 million surgical masks across the country right now, focusing on the areas with the greatest need.

We have shipped 73 pallets of personal protective equipment to New York City and 36 pallets to the State of Washington. In the past 96 hours, FEMA has also received donations of approximately 6.5 million masks. We're having millions and millions of masks made as we speak, and other personal protective equipment, which we will be distributing to medical hotspots.

We're focused on some of the hotspots across the nation. We're seeing an outpouring of creativity and innovative ideas widely shared between the federal health leaders, governors and mayors, the scientific community, and members of the private sector. Really working together. Everybody is working together.

I'm pleased to report that clinical trials in New York will begin existing for existing drugs that may prove effective against the virus. At my direction, the federal government is working to help obtain large quantities of chloroquine. And you can look from any standpoint tomorrow, in New York -- we think tomorrow pretty early -- the hydroxychloroquine and the Z-Pak, I think as a combination, probably, is looking very, very good.

And it's going to be distributed. We have 10,000 units going, and it'll be distributed tomorrow. It'll be available and is now; they already have it. They're going to distribute it tomorrow morning to a lot of people in New York City and New York. We're studying it very closely, watching it very closely.

You probably saw a couple of articles today came out where a gentleman -- they thought he was not going to make it. He said goodbye to his family. They had given him the drug just a little while before, but he thought it was over. His family thought he was going to die. And a number of hours later, he woke up, felt good.

Then he woke up again, and he felt really good. And he's in good shape. And he's very happy for this particular drug that we got approved in record-setting time. There's never been anything even close to it. And I want to thank the FDA, which has been incredible, and Dr. Hahn -- Stephen Hahn -- a highly respected man.

But they're doing everything possible to increase production and available supply of these drugs -- not only this drug, but also others that are coming. Remdesivir is coming from Regeneron. A couple of others are also under study. But the one that I'm very excited about right now is the one we just mentioned.

And I think there's a real chance. I mean, again, we don't know, but there's a real chance that it could have a tremendous impact. It would be a gift from God if that worked. That would be a big game changer. So we'll see. But distribution starts tomorrow morning, early, in New York. And I think a lot of people are going to be -- hopefully they're going to be very happy with the result.

But we're all going to be watching closely. It's something we have to try. It's been very, very successful on malaria. Very, very successful. And countries with malaria have had a interesting thing happen. They take this particular drug -- it's a very powerful drug -- and there is very little semblance of the virus in those countries.

And there are those that say because this drug is very prevalent because of the malaria. So we'll see what happens. I'm also announcing that we're postponing the deadline for compliance with REAL ID requirements. At a time when we're asking Americans to maintain social distancing, we do  want to require people to go with their local DMV. We will be announcing the new deadline very soon.

It's going to be announced in a very short moment. Overnight, we successfully brought home 103 American citizens after they had been stranded for 10 days in Brazil, following a cruise. We want to thank the Brazilian government and their great President. Most of those returned were senior citizens. My administration, in cooperation with Governor Greg Abbott of Texas and the private sector, coordinated their safe return to the United States.

So thank you to Governor Abbott. Terrific governor, terrific man. Earlier today, I signed an executive order invoking presidential authority under Section 4512 of the Defense Production Act to prohibit the hoarding of vital medical equipment and supplies such as hand sanitizers, face masks, and personal protective equipment.

We have a lot of face masks; a lot of equipment is coming in. And we have some people hoarding, and Attorney General Barr is going to be speaking about that in a second. We want to prevent price gouging, and critical health and medical resources are going to be protected in every form. Under this directive, the Secretary of Health and Human Services is authorized to designate essential health and medical supplies as scarce.

So he'll designate certain supplies and medical elements as scarce, and that means it will be a crime to stockpile these items in excessive quantities, which is happening to a relatively small degree, we think, but nevertheless it's happening. We can't let it happen. And we can't let them resell them at excessive prices, which some people are doing.

Very simply, we will not allow anyone to exploit the suffering of American citizens for their own profit. So we're going to be watching that with our great Attorney General very closely. The Department of Justice will be aggressively prosecuting fraudulent schemes related to the pandemic. Yesterday, federal prosecutors took action in their first case, shutting down a website selling a totally fake vaccine -- if you can believe that one.

As President, I will always fight to protect Americans from being exploited. Thankfully, all throughout the country, we're witnessing extraordinary acts of compassion, benevolence, and unity. Construction companies are donating masks by the hundreds of thousands. Manufacturing workers are transforming their assembly lines.

Citizens are volunteering to deliver food and medicine to the elderly. We're truly seeing America at its best. We're really seeing things that people never thought even could happen. Frankly, we never thought this could happen. But the way most Americans are working toward getting it solved and just doing what they have to do to make this go away has been incredible.

It's been incredible. I want to take a moment to thank the everyday heroes who are making our vast effort against the virus possible. And thank you to the healthcare workers and the first responders. These are very brave people. Thanks also to the hardworking men and women of Federal Express, UPS, the United States Postal Service, and the truckers who are maintaining our supply chains and supply lines.

We thank you very much. Great job. We also want to give our regards and thanks to everyone at our grocery stores working the night shift so that shelves can be restocked, and the restaurant workers and delivery drivers keeping our families fed. So many of these restaurants, it's incredible -- they're doing service where people come and they pick it up -- delivery.

I mean, it's been incredible what they've been doing. Totally different business than they were in, other than they cook food. Other than that, it's like a totally different business. Most of all, I want to thank the American people for rising to the challenge and showing incredible courage, determination, patience, grace, and grit.

From New York to Seattle and everywhere in between, your acts of selflessness and sacrifice and ingenuity are a powerful testament to the American character. It's really being shown. It's really showing up at a level that people are really respecting. All over the world, they're respecting. And the world has problems.

We're at 148 countries now. A hundred and forty-eight countries are affected by the invisible scourge. And all of the uplifting reflections of the American spirit are out there for everyone to see. Together, we will care for our fellow citizens. And we will win this war, and we'll win it much sooner than people think.

And we'll be back in business as a country pretty soon. You'll be hearing about that also pretty soon. Now I'd like to ask Attorney General Bill Barr to say a few words. And we'll take questions in a little while. Thank you.

Thank you very much. Deborah, please.

Thank you very much, Deborah. Mike, go ahead.

Thank you, Mike, very much. Admiral, please.

Thank you very much. Thank you very much.

Of course I do. It's going be bad, and we have a lot of people dying from the flu, as you know. We have a very bad flu season on top of everything else. It's very bad. It looks like it could be over 50,000. And certainly this is going to be bad, and we're trying to make it so that it's much, much less bad.

And that's what we're doing. I think we're doing a very good job of it. If you look at other countries, what they've been through, and you look at the kind of numbers and compare them to ours -- which is a much larger country than most -- the numbers are pretty amazing. And it started with the fact that we stopped people from coming in from a highly affected area and infected area.

And that was a good thing to do. So, yeah, it's bad. And it's going to -- obviously, the numbers are going to increase with time, and then they're going to start to decrease. And we're going to be opening our country up for business because our country was meant to be open and working with others, but especially for our workers.

And the engine for that whole system is we have to have companies. And these companies are loved by our workers because they're paying big salaries and big -- big dollars to our workers. And we're going to get it all going again very soon. Hopefully very, very soon. Please.

Yeah.

Well, you'll see what happens. I understand the question very well. It's a -- it's a great question. But we can do two things at one time. I will say this: Our country has learned a lot. We've learned about social distancing. We've learned about the hands. We've learned about staying away, at least during the time that this is even a little bit around -- this disease or -- or whatever you want to call it -- many different names.

You can call it many different names -- but the virus, while it's around. And we can start thinking about -- as an example, parts of our country are very lightly affected. Very small numbers. And, you know, you look at a state -- great governor -- Pete Ricketts, Nebraska. You look at the kind of numbers they have out there.

They have one of the great -- one of the great hospitals there, too, relative to what we're talking about. But you look at Nebraska, you look at Idaho, you look at Iowa, you look at many -- I could name many countries that are handling it very, very well and that are not affected to the same extent, or, frankly, not even nearly to the extent of New York, which is really -- I'm dealing with Governor Cuomo, and we're dealing very well together.

We'll be sending that ship up, by the way. As you know, we have a ship going to Los Angeles. We'll also be -- the ship is coming out of a very large repair. It's all ready to go and very soon will be. And over the next three or four weeks, that'll be coming up to New York. It will go to New York Harbor and it'll be fully supplied.

So they're working on that right now.

Well, I didn't say a week, but I said soon. It's going to be soon. It's not going to be three or four months, as some people were saying and a lot of people thought originally. But I would certainly let you answer.

I think that's a great definition. And I will say we're going to be watching our senior citizens very closely. We're going to be watching certain hotspots like New York. And within New York, you have areas which are troubling, and we'll be working with the governor and the mayor and everybody else on those spots.

But at the same time, at a certain point, we have to get open and we have to be -- we have to get moving. We don't want to lose these companies, we don't want to lose these workers. We want to take care of our workers. So we'll be doing something, I think, relatively quickly. But we've learned a lot during this period.

This was a very necessary period. Tremendous information was gained. But we can do two things at one time. You know -- and again, I say we have a very active flu season; more active than most. It's looking like it's heading to 50,000 or more deaths. Deaths, not cases. Fifty thousand deaths, which is -- that's a lot.

And you look at automobile accidents, which are far greater than any numbers we're talking about. That doesn't mean we're going to tell everybody, "No more driving of cars." So we have to do things to get our country open. But this has been an incredible period of learning, and we'll have announcements over the next fairly short period as to the timing.

Jon, please.

Yeah, I'll let --

Uh-oh.

Phew. Thank you for saying that.

Than the problem.

Well, they will be in place. At some point, we're going to open up our country, and it's going to be fairly soon.

I'm not looking -- I'm not looking at months, I can tell you right now. We're going to be opening up our country, and we're going to be watching certain areas. And we're going to be practicing everything that -- that Deborah is referring to right here. I mean, we're going to be watching this very closely.

But you can't keep it closed for the next, you know, for years. Okay? This is going away. We're -- we're going to win the battle, but we also have -- you know, you have tremendous responsibility. We have jobs, we have -- people get tremendous anxiety and depression, and you have suicides over things like this when you have terrible economies.

You have death. Probably and -- I mean, definitely would be in far greater numbers than the numbers that we're talking about with regard to the virus. So, we have an obligation; we have a double obligation. We have a great country. There's no country like it in the world, and there's no economy like it in the world.

I mean, we had -- we were -- we were just blazing. We were coming out with numbers that -- some numbers weren't even reported because it was already -- this had happened. They were meaningless. I got numbers about myself that were meaningless. Because by the time the numbers came in, you know, it's a whole different world with this.

But I will tell you that we can do both things, Jon. We can do them both at the same time. I mean, that's okay. What we have gone through is a tremendous learning process. And we've also solved a lot of problems, but we've gone through a tremendous learning problem -- you know, situation. Now, we're building hospitals in New York, we're building hospitals in California, we're building hospitals in the State of Washington.

We've been in touch with the governors. Today, I spoke with a man that I happen to like; I spoke with Phil in New Jersey. And we're -- we're going to be doing something very meaningful in New Jersey. We're doing something. I spoke with JB Pritzker; he called me today. We're going to be helping them out in Illinois.

We're doing a lot of things in Florida. We're doing a lot of things. And between FEMA and the Army Corps of Engineers, and the Admiral and your group, in terms of the purchasing. That's what he does, he purchases. He's supposed to be great. I'll tell you in about two days. But he's going to do a fantastic job.

So we have an incredibly talented group of people. But yeah, we'll be doing two things and three things at one time, while at the same time, though, we're going to be watching very closely the hotspots. We're going to be taking care and watching very closely our senior citizens, especially those with a problem or an illness.

We're going to be watching them very, very closely. And we can do that and have an open economy, have an open country. And we have to do that because that causes other problems. And maybe it causes much bigger problems than the problem we're talking about now. You understand. Jeff, please.

I think the cure has been very tough. This has been a very tough -- this was an operation. This was somebody going to a doctor and saying, "You need an operation." And we've had an operation. We've learned a lot and we fixed a lot of problems. One of the things we fixed -- if you look at the obsolete system that this administration inherited, it wasn't meant for this.

It was meant for a small group of people. And even for that it was not very good and very obsolete. We now have a testing sit- -- we have a testing program now that will hopefully be able to be used for many years into the future should we have another event like this. I don't think you'll have another event like this.

This is very unique. You look back into time, you look back decades and decades -- we can name them all, even if you go back 10 years --you know, you go back to '09, but that wasn't like this as it turned out, but they lost a lot of people. We were early. We were early, Jeff, because of the fact that we closed early.

That was a big move. Please, Kristen .

Yeah, go ahead, Jeff.

Well, it's not change. It's -- no, we're doing things --

This was a learning experience for the people of the country and even for --

If what's changed?

Well, I think we've learned a lot. I think that there's so much discipline now that we never had. Nobody ever said, "Don't shake hands." I did, actually, before I became a politician. Once I became a politician, then it's hard getting used to not doing it, because, you know, you do it with everybody -- with literally thousands of people a week.

You're shaking hands with big groups of people. And, you know, we've -- there's a lot of -- we've learned a lot. There's a great discipline that this whole country has learned having to do with distancing, having to do with shaking hands. I think a lot of it's going to stay long after the virus has gone.

I really think is probably good practice anyway, but I think it's going to stay long after the virus is gone.

But we can -- we have to open our country, because that causes problems that, in my opinion, could be far bigger problems. Far bigger. This -- look, this is a medical -- a severe medical situation that could cause problems far beyond the medical and then increase the medical problems to things that had nothing to do with this original medical problem.

We can't let that happen to our country. We have the greatest country in the world. I'm not going to let that happen. But these two weeks that we have spent has been an incredible learning period and process. Please, Kristen .

Go ahead.

We -- I spoke to them today and I was telling them that we have two things to look forward. Don't forget, the doctors -- if it were up to the doctors, they may say, "Let's keep it shut down. Let's shut down the entire world." Because, again, you're up to almost 150 countries. "So let's shut down the entire world, and when we shut it down, that would be wonderful and let's keep it shut for a couple of years." You know, we can't do that.

And you can't do that with a country, especially the number-one economy anywhere in the world, by far. Number-one economy in the world. You can't do that.

Because -- well, it causes bigger problems than the original. That's why I talk about the cure being worse than the problem. We can't have the cure be worse than the problem. But what we have done -- so this is not retracing. This isn't anything. We have done it really well, because this two-week period has been good.

And I'm not saying it ends at that time. You know, we have another seven days or so. I'm not saying it ends at that time. But I am saying it's been like this incredible learning process. That's going to go into the future. That's going to go even as we open up our country. And we're going to be watching New York and we're going to be watching California.

We're going to be watching the State of Washington and other places. Illinois is becoming a hotspot. And we can do -- we can do both. Now, we may quarantine -- I mean, we will be quarantine -- quarantining many people in these areas. There are other areas that just aren't affected, or they're affected very little.

And why would we close down a hundred percent of the country? There are areas within New York -- where New York will be open -- but there are areas within New York -- Remember this: New York has the New York Stock Exchange, it has NASDAQ. It has the exchanges. To close the New York Stock Exchange and NASDAQ and all of -- with all of the great work they're doing -- I mean, they've gone largely to computer.

You look at the floor, it's incredible what they can do, but it's fully open. But we don't want to be doing that.

But we can do -- what I'm saying, basically, is that we can do two things simultaneously. And we've had this incredible learning period. Plus, people have been in a period, and they won't be calling, "Oh gee -- " -- because I've got many, many people that now come to me and say, "We get it. We think we can really do it now and do it while we're open." So, at some point, we'll be setting some guidelines.

We'll be setting some datelines. And we'll be announcing them in the not-too-distant future.

Not endorsed. We talk together, and I think they're okay with it and I'm okay with it. But this could be a much bigger problem. This could create a much bigger problem than the problem that you start off with. Now, other nations are going to have to do what they're going to do, but they'll probably do something very similar, but in our case, much more so than anywhere else because of the magnitude of our economy -- the tremendous size of what we've built and what we have and the jobs involved.

You know, you have 160 -- almost 160 million jobs in this country now -- the most ever, by far. By far, the most ever, the number of jobs -- almost 160 million. So we can't turn that off and think it's going to be wonderful. There'll be tremendous repercussions. There will be a tremendous death from that.

Death. You know, you're talking about death. Probably more death from that than anything that we're talking about with respect to the virus.

No, I think we're going to do them both. I think -- that's what I'm saying. I think we can do them both. Now, we haven't announced a date, but we're getting fairly close to coming up with a date. And it's a much shorter period of time than I've been hearing the news report. And I think everybody should be happy with that.

But great knowledge was gained. Please.

You mean with the Democrats, you're talking about?

Yeah

Well, it is true. I mean, if he said -- I didn't hear him say that, but if he said, "difficult tradeoffs," sure. It's less convenient. Before, you walk and you'd hop in the subway and you grab the handle and you go down to wherever you're going on Wall Street, and you do all sorts of things and you go in and you open the doors going into your great buildings or into the exchanges.

And now you're not going to have to, you know, maybe think about doing that, or you're going to think about doing it a different way. No, no, there are many tradeoffs. It's a different life. And maybe it'll remain that way, frankly, after the invisible scourge is gone. Maybe it's going to stay that way. Not a bad thing to stay that way.

But, no, there are tradeoffs. There's no question about that. But I actually think it's going to -- I think, in the end, we're going to end up being bigger, better, and stronger. We're -- we have learned a lot. Please.

Yeah, that's true.

Latin America.

No, we're not really. I mean, something like that could happen, I guess, but we're not really. They thought we were going to have bans within the United States; we didn't do that. We're not going to have that. Hopefully that'll take care of itself. No, in Latin America, there is a -- there's been an uptick.

Yeah, please.

Yeah, because it seems that there could be a little bit of nasty language toward the Asian Americans in our country, and I don't like that at all. These are incredible people. They love our country, and I'm not going to let it happen. So I just wanted to make that point --

-- because they're blaming China. People are blaming China --

-- and they are making statements to great American citizens that happen to be of Asian heritage. And I'm not going to let that happen. Please.

Yeah, the governors of the various states will have a lot of leeway. If we open up, and when we open up, the governors in certain states -- for instance, if you go to some of the states I just mentioned, those schools are going to be open. In many cases, they're open now. But the schools are going to be open.

In other cases -- Governor Cuomo, Gavin Newsom of California -- certain governors are going to maybe have a decision to make. Now, they may make a decision to keep them open in a certain part of New York and maybe in Westchester County, or wherever it may be, they'll keep them closed. But they're going to have leeway.

We're giving the governors a lot of leeway.

The governors are going to make those decisions. That's going to be up to the governors. And they're very capable. They'll be able to make the decisions. Please.

Because the virus has had a big impact on our country, so we're going to give a stimulus so that the workers can live their life. It was not their fault. It wasn't the workers' fault. And we are going to give a kick so that -- it's a kick. And this way, we think the workers can get a fair start. The small businesses, we're taking very good care of. We want to take care of these small businesses.

They really are the engine of this country. A lot of people don't know that. You know, everyone thinks of these great big, beautiful businesses -- who, by the way, have been very badly hurt also. But the small businesses have really, historically, been the engine, and they still are -- the engine of the country.

And you'd be amazed; the workers love those businesses. And the workers contact us, and they want us to help those businesses because that's where they've made their living. That's where they -- you know, they've been paid a lot of money over the years. And, you know, you've been seeing what's happened over the last three years where salaries and wages have gone up very substantially for those workers.

And then we got caught by this sudden craziness coming into our country and coming all over the world. So we need to make sure that the companies are strong and that the workers are strong. And that's what we're doing. And, you know, hopefully the Republicans and Democrats are going to be able to make a deal.

They're actually fairly close, but we'll see what happens. Please.

Well, one of the things: You're going to have to save companies that have been shattered. You're going to have to save various -- I mean, you know a lot of the companies yourselves. We have a company that was, I think, the greatest company in the world, named Boeing. Boeing is going to need some help. Now, Boeing had some difficulty before that's unlike others.

We have other companies that didn't have a problem coming in. Boeing had the obvious problem that everybody knows about, from a little more than a year ago -- a double problem -- and it was a big one. And then, on top of it, as they're getting ready to really show their stuff -- on top of it, we all get hit by this.

And, obviously, the airlines are going to have a problem. But the airlines aren't going to be buying from Boeing or from anybody else right now because of this -- this difficulty. So we have to work with the airlines. We have to work with the cruise lines. We have to work with the companies like Boeing. Because Boeing is, potentially, again, a great company.

They had a very rough period of 13 months. A very rough period. A horrible period. An unbelievable period. If you would have told me this would have happened to Boeing, I wouldn't have believed it. Because to me it was, you know, truly one of the great -- one of the truly great; probably almost one point of GDP, if you can think of that.

It's hard to believe that a company could have that kind of an impact. But Boeing, we have to work with it for two reasons. Number one, it's a great company that we have to save. And number two, it produces unbelievable numbers of jobs. And so, you know, the numbers have to be reflective of that kind of a thing.

Please. You know what I'm going to do? We have wonderful people behind us that are working very hard. And we want Bill to get back to the Department of Justice, and we want the Admiral to start going and doing your job, and the same thing with Deb. If anybody would have any questions -- maybe I'll ask Mike to stay around.

But if anybody would have any questions for the group, and otherwise I'll let them go back to work. Please.

Go ahead. Please.

We have -- we have some. Should be fairly quickly.

I have a question for you. So we have a lot of very angry media all around this room, and they want one of these seats, but because of social distancing, we are keeping them empty. And they are keeping them empty. Will there ever be a time when all of those really angry, angry people -- who don't like me to start off with, but now they really don't like me -- will there ever be a time when these seats are full, like full to the brim like it used to be, where people are almost sitting on each other's lap?

And this whole row over here is packed, and now they're outside wanting to get in, and they're very jealous of all of these reporters. Will we ever have that again, or is that something that will be -- you know, it'll look like this forever?

But when the virus is gone, will the people be allowed to sit next to each other again, in your opinion, in a tight room, with a tight --

Right. We were going to do that.

And I think a big factor is the mortality rate. We're talking about the mortality rate. You know, when we first started, people were thinking about 3 and 4 percent, and now we're talking about a much lower number than that. I think it's a --

I think it's a number that will be a lot different than people thought.

But it's -- it's much lower than we originally thought. I mean, frankly, it's a lot lower.

But, Doctor, this is just very interesting, the whole thing. It's an incredible subject. When somebody is very sick, they go to a doctor, go to a hospital, they record it -- they're very sick, and then they live or they don't live. See what happens. But when somebody isn't very sick at all -- I've heard people that they don't even know they had it, and they're healing.

Then I've heard people they have like a cold or they have a runny nose, or even people that stay home and they think they have the flu. Or, in some cases, I think they have a really bad case of the flu. But all of those people, that vast majority of -- I mean, beyond vast majority of people -- they're not reporting; they're not calling the doctor, they're not calling them.

They're just getting better. So you would think it would have to be -- because the people that are sick are going to a doctor, or they're going someplace and they're going to say, "Make me better." The people that are just short of that and people that aren't even -- I mean, you know, you have many people where they literally don't even know that they have it. So now you're building up the number of cases that we talked about before.

And yet -- so you don't know any what -- you don't know how many there are. It could be a vast number. But what you do know is all the people that are really sick. Because all of the people that are really sick are going to a doctor in some form, and the doctor is reporting it in all cases. So I think the number is much lower than we think.

I'm talking about -- I'm talking about many forms.

We're talking about treme- -- look, number one, it's the country itself. You're talking about tremendous disruption, economically, but you're talking about massive depression, massive numbers of suicide.

No, I'm talking ab- -- no, I'm not talking about economic, although you could be talking about that too.

What I'm talking about is people suffering massive depression because they had a fantastic job and now they have no idea, you know, what's going on. Now, here's the good news: If they get the bill passed, we're taking care of those people. We're going to really take good care of those people beyond what any country has done for people.

But there's never been anything like this. No, I'm talking about where people suffer massive depression, where people commit suicide, where tremendous death happens. Now, in addition to that, we're talking about economic, where you, you know, really hurt a country. It could take years and years to recover.

And the longer you stay out, the harder it is to recover. I happen to think that you're going to have -- they call it the "V." I think you're going to have a very big bounce -- you know, very big bounce-back. I think it's going to be very big. We'll see.

Well, I think the bill should pass. It should pass quickly. Take care of our workers, take care of the companies that -- that pay those workers, help those companies over this rough patch. But the longer it takes, the harder it is to come back. I'd like to be able to bounce back to where we were. And ultimately, I think we're going to be even further than that.

But I'm just saying that the -- what's happening -- when I say the cure -- and the cure can be worse than the problem itself, right? That's what I -- we can't let that happen. We can't let that happen. We've learned so much, and so many good things are going to happen for our country. We can't let this continue to go on. So what we're doing is we're meeting with the doctors -- Dr. Fauci, Dr. Birx, and others -- and we're -- we've already started the discussion.

And I can say that -- you know, I'm a student like you're students. We're all learning this together. I learned a lot from Deborah, I learned a lot from Tony. I learned a lot from a lot of people that this has -- this has been their life's work. I've learned a lot. We're going to come up with a date, and we're going to do two things.

We can do two things at one time. At the same time, we're going to be very vigilant. We're going to be so vigilant in terms of all of the things that we have to do that we've been talking about for the last two weeks ad nauseam. And I think it's going to be, ultimately, a far better solution for our country.

Yeah, please, go ahead.

Deborah, why don't you go back? And you -- we want her to go back to work immediately.

Thank you. Great job. Thank you, Deborah.

Yeah. Deborah?

Come on. They won't let you go.

Now.

Now.

Thank you. Thank you.

Go ahead, please. Go ahead. One second, please.

Well, it is. It's something we're talking to a lot of people about. We'll see what happens. But we're talking to people about it. Go ahead, please.

Well, he was -- I was just with him for a long time. And --

Oh, he's at the task force meeting right now.

We have a task force meeting. He was there.

Well, he doesn't not agree. I mean, we had a long talk, and he understands there's tremendous -- there's a tremendous cost to our country, both in terms of lives and in terms of economics, and in terms of many, many years of rebuilding something that was a fine-tuned machine. It was nobody's fault. It just happened.

This horrible virus came from wherever and it just happened. It just happened. He fully understands that. No, he's a good man. I like Dr. Fauci a lot, just so you understand. No, he's not here because we really weren't discussing what he's best at, but he'll be back up very soon. Yeah, please. And we'll be discussing dates and times with him.

And we are talking about a -- I don't want to use the word "abbreviated" because so much has been gained by what we've done. But we're talking about -- not during the period -- you know, during the 14 or 15 days, but not too long after that.

Which I think is going to make a lot of people happy. It's going to make a lot of companies happy. It's going to make a lot of workers happy. Yeah, Jon?

Sure. I would certainly -- he's very important to me, and I would -- I will be listening to him. I'll be listening to Deborah, who you just spoke to. I'll be listening to other experts. We have a lot of people that are very good at this. And, ultimately, it's a balancing act. But, you know, the expression -- we can do two things at one time.

And we've got an incredible country. We have to keep it that way. And that includes not just economics; that also includes life and death. We have to keep it that way.

No, I'll get you.

Yes.

Well, I've gotten to like this room. This room is very convenient.

I can say, from the standpoint of being President of the United States, I really -- this has been a very convenient room for all of us. You people are set up. So I never even thought of closing it. So you're asking me a question that I never thought in terms of closing it.

Can you give me a good reason to close it? We could build a larger room.

I don't want to make commitments like that, because it's, you know, not something I've ever really thought about. There are certain people that would like to see a larger room built. We need a larger room. Other Presidents didn't need such a large room. But we need a larger room and there are some people -- but it's not something that is really on my mind, to be honest with you.

Yes, please

Which period?

Sure.

Well, I think --

I think we're listening to many people. I mean, that was my world. I know many of those people. I have many people that are friends of mine. Some enemies also, by the way. But, you know, it's been a good world for me. I like that world. I like those people; they're tough and they're smart. But I listen to many of them.

Ultimately, they all go into that compute. And I say, "This is what we're going to do." I have to make a decision. This is a very important man right here to my right, our great Vice President, because he's got a great instinct about things too. So I'm going to be listening to Mike. He's headed up the task force, I think, brilliantly.

I think it's going to go down as that, because he's really done a job. He's been -- not only has he been good, he's been soothing. He's really been great for the American public to watch. And I mean that, and I mean that in the most positive way. There is a solidity with Mike that you don't find in many people.

He's been soothing. He's been good for the American public; they have confidence in him. I think he's done an incredible job. And his advice is very, very important to me. So he's going to be making -- I mean, he didn't come from that world, the world of finance, but he understands the world of finance. He was a great governor in Indiana.

They did very well, financially, too.

Well, I could give you a whole list. And we'll probably even set up committees. I'd rather not give you one because then I'm going to leave out --

-- I have spoken to so many people, and I've --

What?

I am happy with him, yes. I think he's -- I really think he's caught up, and he's done the right thing. And I think, ultimately, we will be rewarded because of the decision he made over the last -- he's really stepped up over the last week. And I have to tell you, I called him today and I said, "Jerome, good job.

You really did it."

It might be. He was, you know, a little bit slower than I would have liked, in the sense of what he was doing. Now, other people might have liked it. But today I called up Jerome Powell and I said, "Jerome, you've done a really good job." I was proud of him. That was -- that took courage. And, ultimately, you're going to see the fruits.

Now, he's not finished. I mean, he's got other arrows in the quiver, or whatever they say. I will tell you, he's got plenty of arrows. But, no, I'm very happy with the job he did.

Go ahead.

By the way, I just want to say while we're thinking about it: China has very much stepped up, as you probably know, the agricultural purchases from our farmers, and some other purchases too. So they have a difficult time also right now. But they very much stepped up their purchases, and significantly. So we're very happy about that.

And the other thing: You know, I'm standing here -- in this case, with our Vice President -- trying to let you ask anything you want having to do with this subject, which, frankly, is pretty much all anyone cares about right now. But -- because I think it's very important. I don't want to stand here for two hours and do this.

But I think it's important that -- you know, I call -- I call it, "Get it out of your system." Give us any question about it, because I think it's important for the public to know. So we don't want to answer two questions and leave. We want to answer your questions. That's why we're doing this for so long.

And I think it gives our country confidence and it gives -- I think we're giving -- you know, we're all gaining knowledge. This has been an unbelievable process, but we're all gaining. So I want to, you know, stay here. Sometimes we're here for two hours and we're answering questions. At least you will say that I'm very transparent.

I think you're going to have a hard time saying he is not transparent. But we take a lot of questions from you. Unfortunately, some of them are repetitive and some of them are fantastic questions. Some of these questions are great. Some of the questions lead to us solving a problem. You bring up problems that people didn't know existed.

But I just want to let you know, so we're doing this so that we can be transparent, so that we can get everything out. Yeah, go ahead. Please.

Yeah.

Yeah, we're very, very close to them. We had a couple of great talks. Plus, I speak -- I've spoken to a number of them individually. Yeah, we're very, very closely aligned. Please.

Yeah.

That's going to make a big difference too, because that really is a process that's easy, as opposed to the current process, which is not -- as I've said, it's not pleasant.

And others, yeah.

And then, ultimately, I have to make a decision. But I certainly listen to them. I listen to a number of people. And I have a lot of respect for Dr. Fauci and for Dr. Birx. And I'll be listening to them and others that we have that are really doing a good job. Jon.

Well, you know, we have now a system, and the system is in place. And we have two very, very powerful alternatives that we have to take into consideration. And, as I said, one of the things that has really got me thinking about this -- number one, I'm looking at what's going on. And, you know, it's -- life is fragile and economies are fragile.

But one of the things is the mortality rate, Jon. When we first started, this nobody knew anything about this particular virus. Very, very little. I mean, we started off -- we were hearing numbers of 5 percent. That would -- that's an astronomical number, when the flu is .001 and two and three, right? And so, 5 percent would be an astronomical number.

Now we're seeing numbers that may be less than one, and that's not including the exercise that I just went through where many people don't report. So, everybody getting very sick is reporting, but nobody getting, you know, not very sick. And that should be part of that equation. So that just keeps reducing the number.

So the mortality rate is a, you know, that's a big -- to me, that's a very big factor. When we were hearing 3 and 4 percent -- remember, we had one day where we thought it was 5 percent and we were getting a lot of bad numbers from countries that -- I don't know why, but we were getting a lot of bad numbers.

I do wish -- again, our relationship is very good with China, but I wish they could have told us about this a little bit sooner. You know that. But the mortality rate is a big thing for me because I think we're very substantially under 1 percent now. That's -- it's still terrible. It's still the whole thing.

The whole concept of death is terrible. But there's a tremendous difference between something under 1 percent and 4 or 5 or even 3 percent. So that's something that we're learning now. And I think the number may be lower than people think because of what I've been saying. Yeah, please.

Well, I thought we had a deal last night and then the Democrats changed the deal. So -- We had a deal last night that was going to be phenomenal for the workers, which is my number one -- my number one aim. I want to take care of the workers. And we had a deal. I was pretty sure we had a deal last night.

If you would have told me at a certain time, like about 9 o'clock, I would have told you we pretty much have a deal. And then, all of a sudden, it changed. It changed fairly rapidly. And, you know, it was unacceptable. It would've been bad for our country. And they were asking for things that would have not been good.

I mean, things that that bore no relationship to what we're talking about. We said, "That's not the game. We can't play that game." So we'll see. Look, the Democrats do want to make a deal. But, Jeff, I thought we had a deal last night.

I'll work with anybody to help the American people. I will. I don't care who it is. I'll work with anybody if I feel I'm going to help the American people and the American worker. Yeah, please.

Well, you just saw the Admiral and you just saw the FEMA people, and you just saw the Army Corps of Engineers and -- you know, we're building hospitals in New York and California and State of Washington and New Jersey. I just made a commitment to Phil that we're going to help him out with some of the areas in New Jersey, which is very important.

A great state. So we're -- we're doing a great job, and we're there to help the governors. But, you know, the governors are on the front line and they can do some of it themselves. Governor Cuomo -- he's been working very hard and he worked with me on the hospitals and medical centers, because it's not just hospitals -- it's called hospital and another is medical centers, of which we're building numerous for New York.

And we have it all laid out. We have Javits Center, and then we have other locations throughout the state. And I think it's really a great plan. And we're going to have FEMA and the Army Corps of Engineers involved. And I've worked with them. You know -- you know we're building a wall. We're up to over 150 miles of wall on our southern border, which is now turning out to be even more important than we originally thought.

But I always thought it was very important having borders. And so I'm working with -- I'm working with the Army Corps of Engineers, and I see what they do and how they do it. And that's what -- that used to be my business, and I know it very well, and they're very professional. They're really good. So you're going to see a lot of good things happening in many states -- beyond the states I just mentioned -- in many states.

We're working with Governor Ron DeSantis in Florida. We're working with Governor McMaster -- right? -- in South Carolina, where they have a little bit of a breakout. Not by comparison, but a little bit. We're working with many, many governors and many, many states. Actually, states where you almost would think that they have it under pretty good control and they've done a great job.

But we're working with many states, and that's primarily FEMA and the Army Corps of Engineers. And they're capable of doing it.

Sure.

Sure.

Well, a lot of the provisions that they wanted -- like stock buybacks, I agree with that. That's good with me. I mean, I don't like them buying back stock. I like them spending money on airplanes and on their employees and their real business, not buying back stock. And I don't know if that provision is going to be put in one way or the other, but I'm all for it. And many Republicans, I can tell you, are for it and I think many Democrats are for it. But they were putting that out like it was a problem last night.

It's not a problem for me, I can tell you that.

Please.

Well, I think what you're talking about right now is at least $3,000 per family of four. Isn't that correct? It's $3,000 for a family of four, which is -- which is bold. And if this continued -- we'd have to build this up. And if this continued, we'll do something else, and we'll do more at a later date.

But that's a big -- that's a big number. If you remember, they were talking about $500 and $600. And we are all for that. It's three -- as of this moment, it's $3,000 for a family of four. Please, go ahead.

Well, we have a very strong dollar. And, you know, a strong dollar is good in many ways, but it's also tough in many ways because it makes trade much harder. It makes it much harder for Caterpillar Tractor and other companies to sell their goods to Europe or China or wherever they may be sold. So, having a strong dollar is good, but it really sounds good.

But the truth is, it makes certain things, like trade, much tougher. And our dollar -- I don't know if you've seen, but our dollar has remained very strong, especially against other currencies. Very, very strong. Which, again, makes that trading more difficult, but there's something nice about having a strong dollar, right?

You know, no matter what, I'm President. It's nice to have a strong dollar. But it does make trading more difficult.

Well, I think the Democrats want a deal and I think we want a deal, so it would be very foolish if they didn't make a deal. The American public is demanding it. I can tell you, the Republicans want to make a deal and we want to make a deal that's good for the workers, good for the country. And I really believe the Democrats want to make a deal, but they have to stop asking for things that bear no relationship to what we're talking about --

-- that are actually bad -- that are actually not good for the country.

Yeah.

Well, let's see what happens. I have to see what happens. Right now, we don't have a deal, but I think we're very close. I mean, when I left, which was quite a while ago now, because again, we're trying to answer every question so there's no -- it'd be nice if you were just exhausted and said, "That's it. We can't do any more." But there's always hands up. But -- and maybe one of those questions is great and unique.

But no, look, I want -- I want what's good for the country. And if that means meeting, I think that's great. I just want what's good for the country, great for our workers, great for the citizens of the United States. That's all. It's pretty --

Well, it's -- it's been a little while. Yeah, please.

Yes.

She's great. She's fine.

Negative. Okay? Negative.

Well, you need that to help all of these companies that have a chance of not being companies anymore. And that's going to be a good thing for the country because deals will be made. And we're talking to certain people -- some of the greatest people in the history of Wall Street, frankly, where, when they do a deal, we'll have stock for the -- for America.

We'll take back stock for the United States. We'll do -- At the same time, most importantly, we'll keep those companies healthy. But we can also make incredible deals for the country so that that number will increase exponentially. I mean, that's a great --

No, no. Look, I'll be the oversight. I'll be the oversight. We're going to make good deals. We make good deals. But these companies need it. Even it was just a simple loan, which would be -- but we can do better than that. And the companies are willing to do better than that. I mean, they got hit. Most of these companies, it was through no fault of their own.

There are a couple where it was -- you know, they were troubled before they came in. We talked about one. They had trouble; nobody can believe it, actually, in that one. But these companies are -- through no fault of their own, they have difficulty. I mean, two weeks ago, these companies were among the most solid institutions in the world.

You'd want to buy their bonds; their bonds were rated AAA, or whatever their highest rating is today. And now, all of a sudden, they have difficulty because they've been closed up. So you need something to keep them going. But that money is not going to be wasted money. That money is going to be seen. And we could multiply that number by many times coming back to the American public.

That could be a phenomenal thing. But most importantly, it's going to keep these great engines of jobs and ingenuity going. Very important. Yeah. How about one or two more, and we'll go? Go ahead, please. And then Jeff.

I don't think so. You know, I'm looking forward. I don't look back. I guess there's always something everybody regrets. There are things in your life you regret. We all regret things. But I really like to look forward. I'm a person that looks -- a forward thinker, I guess they would say. No, I think that we've handled it really well.

It seems to be -- the American public thinks that we've handled it well, if you look at polling data. But I'm not interested in myself. I'm interested in the American people. We have to get this going. We have millions and millions of jobs that were solid as a rock three weeks ago. And today, there could be questions.

And the faster we get it going, the more likely it is that those stores, little businesses, big businesses, medium-sized businesses open up. And we'll get it going very fast. I really believe this is a pent-up demand. I think that as soon as we say, "Let's go" -- and it's going to be pretty soon. It's going to be pretty soon.

It's going to be sooner than people would think. We've -- again, we're in a position to take care of our country, but at the same time, to have the country really -- really go up like a rocket ship economically. And that's great for jobs, it's great for everything else. Yeah, please.

For who?

Well, that's really up to the Governor. I mean, I think -- first of all, he's a great governor. He's done an incredible job. Governor DeSantis of Florida. And on the beaches, I guess he's recently made a decision. But you do have a lot of room on the beaches and, you know, I think it's just a decision that -- that he made originally, and then he's refined it, and then he's done something that a lot of people agree with what he's done.

But he's done a lot of things right. And he's been truly -- I mean, he cares so much about healthcare. He cares so much about the cost of prescription drugs. He's been a fantastic governor for Florida. They're very happy with him. The whole concept of the beach, it's a very interesting issue. There are a lot of open spaces; that includes parks and other things.

But rather than relying on social distancing, they're probably going to do that one a different way. But I would imagine when we make our decision, things like that would be opened up. And then people will remember what they're supposed to be doing. Well, I want to thank everybody very much, and we'll see you tomorrow sometime.

And we'll get this going, I think, really well. Thank you all very much. Appreciate it.