Thank you very much. Our nation is engaged in a historic battle against the invisible enemy. To win this fight, we have undertaken the greatest national mobilization since World War Two. And that's exactly what it's been.

We've marshaled every instrument of American power, and we've unleashed our most potent weapon of all: the courage of the American people.

These have been trying times. A cruel virus from a distant land has unfairly claimed thousands of precious American lives. To every citizen who has lost a cherished loved one: Your pain is our pain. We mourn as one national family. Our country has come together. We draw solace from the faith that God has received, and the departed -- He has taken the departed into his eternal and loving embrace. They will never be forgotten.

Over the last weeks and months, millions of Americans have joined together in a shared national sacrifice to halt the spread of this horrible disease. The Army built field hospitals and sports arenas and convention centers. The Army Corps of Engineers is great. Over 20,000 beds in record time.

The Navy sailed hospital ships to our biggest cities. Lifesaving supplies and experimental medicines were rushed to the frontlines as we launched a rapid search for groundbreaking treatments and vaccines.

We built the most advanced and robust testing anywhere in the world, and we've done more testing than any country anywhere in the world.

We suspended dangerous foreign travel. We leveraged our industrial base to produce vast quantities of critical medical gear and enacted a historic 2-trillion-dollar relief package.

Through it all, we have seen the heroism of our doctors and nurses like never before -- these are our warriors -- the bravery of our truck drivers -- such bravery -- and food suppliers -- such incredible bravery, and the determination and drive of our citizens. Through this unified national endeavor, we have made great progress. You could really say incredible progress.

Our experts and scientists report that our strategy to slow the spread has saved hundreds of thousands of lives. Models predicted between 1.5 million and 2.2 million U.S. deaths -- if there was no mitigation, it could have even been higher than that -- and between 100,000 and 240,000 deaths with mitigation. It's looking like we will come far under even these lowest numbers.

Thanks to our all-out military operation and the extraordinary devotion of our people, we believe we will experience far fewer deaths than even the optimistic projection. But there is no such thing as an optimistic projection on death. One person is too many.

Our experts say the curve has flattened and the peak in new cases is behind us. Nationwide, more than 850 counties, or nearly 30 percent of our country, have reported no new cases in the last seven days.

Because of our early and aggressive action, we have avoided the tragedy of healthcare rationing and deadly shortfalls that have befallen many other nations -- nations which, wherever possible, we are helping. In America, no person who has needed a ventilator has been denied a ventilator. We're making hundreds of thousands of ventilators. We've delivered thousands and thousands of ventilators to the states.

And actually, it's been an incredible operation. We started with very little and we ended with a lot. The United States has achieved a significant lower mortality rate than almost all other countries.

Based on the latest data, our team of experts now agrees that we can begin the next front in our war, which we're calling, "Opening Up America Again." And that's what we're doing: We're opening up our country. And we have to do that. America wants to be open, and Americans want to be open.

As I have said for some time now, a national shutdown is not a sustainable long-term solution. To preserve the health of our citizens, we must also preserve the health and functioning of our economy. Over the long haul, you can't do one without the other. It cannot be done. To keep vital supply chains running, these chains have to be taken care of so delicately. They're delicate. The balance is delicate.

We want to deliver food and medical supply. We must have a working economy. And we want to get it back very, very quickly, and that's what's going to happen. I believe it will boom.

A prolonged lockdown combined with a forced economic depression would inflict an immense and wide-ranging toll on public health. This includes a sharp rise in drug abuse, alcohol abuse, suicide, heart disease, and many other dimensions of physical and mental wellbeing. Moreover, many patients have put needed medical care on hold, creating entirely new hazards for public health.

Our country has suffered. The world has suffered. One hundred and eighty-four other countries have suffered.

Therefore, my administration is issuing new federal guidelines that will allow governors to take a phased and deliberate approach to reopening their individual states. I've dealt with them now a long time, and we've had a great relationship -- Democrat, Republican. The relationship has been good. This strategy is based on hard, verifiable data.

I want to thank Dr. Birx for her incredible leadership in crafting these guidelines in consultation with scientists, experts, and medical professionals across government. Dr. Birx will explain the guidelines in more detail in a few moments. And Dr. Fauci has been absolutely terrific. We've all worked together, and we've worked together well.

They are interested in the health of our country. And we're all interested in the viability and making us truly great again. We took the greatest economy in the history of the world, and we closed it in order to win this war. And we're in the process of winning it now.

Our approach outlines three phases in restoring our economic life. We are not opening all at once, but one careful step at a time. And some states will be able to open up sooner than others. Some states are not in the kind of trouble that others are in.

Now that we have passed the peak in new cases, we're starting our life again, we're starting rejuvenation of our economy again, in a safe and structured and very responsible fashion.

Our strategy will continue to protect senior citizens and other vulnerable populations while allowing military and other groups of incredibly talented people to go about their real business and the business that's supposed to be hard at work at doing. And nobody does it better. Our military is the greatest anywhere in the world, and we're so thankful for what they've done.

Healthy Americans will now be able to return to work as conditions on the ground allow. Instead of a blanket shutdown, we will pursue a focus on sheltering the highest-risk individuals. So important. We're establishing clear scientific, metric, and -- benchmarks on testing, new case growth, and hospital capacity that must be met before advancing to each phase. And that's each phase specifically in the reopening of our country.

This is a gradual process. As the caseload in a state continues to go down, restrictions can continue to be eased and come off. Throughout the process, citizens will continue to be called upon to use all of their weapons in this war: vigorous hygiene, teleworking when possible, staying at home if you feel sick, maintaining social distance, sanitizing commonly used surfaces, and being highly conscious of their surroundings. Those are our weapons, and they're very powerful weapons indeed.

Governors will be empowered to tailor an approach that meets the diverse circumstances of their own states. Every state is very different. They're all beautiful. We love them all. But they're very, very different. If they need to remain closed, we will allow them to do that. And if they believe it is time to reopen, we will provide them the freedom and guidance to accomplish that task -- and very, very quickly -- depending on what they want to do.

We are also encouraging states to work together to harmonize their regional efforts. We'll have numerous cases where states have worked and will be working very, very closely together.

As we reopen, we know that there will be continued hardships and challenges ahead. Our goal will be to quickly identify and address any outbreaks and put them out rapidly. If the virus returns in the fall, as some scientists think it may possibly, these guidelines will ensure that our country is up and running so that we can likewise put it out quickly.

At the heart of our strategy is the vital role of medical research, especially for therapies that will significantly improve outcomes for high-risk patients and reduce the need for urgent care. This will be tremendously valuable in allowing life to eventually return to normal. At least 35 clinical trials are already underway, including antiviral therapies, immune therapies, and blood therapies in the form of convalescent plasma. You've all heard about some of these events and some of these therapies. They've come a long way. What's been done in the last four weeks is incredible.

We will also continue to expand our testing capacity. We have now completed more than 3.5 million tests -- by far the most anywhere in the world. Areas of our country that have been hotspots have done much more testing, on a per capita basis, than South Korea. We've done more than South Korea -- and South Korea has done a good job, but we've done more.

We will continue to work with governors to advise them on how to conduct both surveillance and diagnostic testing. We have now distributed over 600,000 Abbott ID NOW point-of-care diagnostic tests. These are tests that are done on site, and, within five minutes, you know the answer: positive or negative.

In recent days, we have seen a dramatic increase in the number of tests performed by hospitals and academic institutions, with more than 120,000 tests recently reported in a single day -- far more than any country in the world has ever been able to do. And our numbers are actually going up.

As these new and better testing solutions come online, we're seeing this additional capacity reflected in the numbers. For this reason, the number of tests processed in commercial laboratories has dropped from approximately 100,000 to roughly 75,000 tests over the last week. The reason it dropped is because we have so many other tests and we don't even have to go through the laboratories. But the laboratories have tremendous additional capacity, and states feel free to use that capacity.

Some in the media falsely reported this as a bad thing, when, in fact, it is a great thing because it indicates that the states are moving to faster, more local testing solutions, including on-the-spot tests.

So this drop in the utilization of commercial laboratories is an affirmation that testing, which is at an all-time high, is growing at a historic rate. In other words, the laboratories are great, but now we have forms of testing that are much quicker, much better, and we don't have to use the laboratories. But they're there, and they have a great capacity to do the work.

As Dr. Birx has been advising our governors for weeks, we continue to have an excess testing capacity of 1 million tests per week available for use. And our capabilities are growing every single day, especially with the new tests that are coming onto the market rapidly.

As we begin a science-based reopening, we must be extra vigilant in blocking the foreign entry of the virus from abroad. Border control, travel restrictions, and other limitations on entry are more important than ever to keep the virus in check and allow Americans to get back to work.

The sacrifices our citizens have made in this time of crisis will be remembered, studied, honored, and praised for generations to come. We're really all working together. Democrat, Republican, conservative, liberal -- we're all working together. This is not about parties; this is about our country.

Now the American people are ready to rise to the occasion once again. They are ready to show the world once more that Americans can defeat any challenger. Together, we will rebuild this land that we love, we will reclaim the magnificent destiny that we share, and we will carry our nation forward to new heights of greatness and glory.

I would now like to ask Vice President Mike Pence and Dr. Birx to further explain the new guidelines. I want to thank Dr. Birx. I want to thank Dr. Fauci. And I want to thank, really especially, a man who has devoted 24 hours a day to his task force and done such an incredible job -- our great Vice President, Mike Pence.

Please, Mike.

Thank you very much. Please, Tony.

Right.

I did. I heard from a number of governors that said they're in very good shape. I also heard -- not only from the call, but I heard from some of the governors previous -- and I think you'll have some very good things to report over the next few days about states opening up.

And I think, Jon, having to do with your call on -- on sports: Depending on the area, depending where we're talking about, you're going to have large areas of our country where this has not been or has been totally eradicated. You'll be able to have those full arenas.

Now, with everything being said, a lot of great work has been done on vaccines, but you have a testing process. Therapeutics, likewise -- we have a lot of great things happening, therapeutically. That will be a step further.

But, in terms of sports, they'll probably start off -- I -- as you know, I spoke to the commissioners yesterday -- almost, I guess, of every sport. And many of them are going to be starting without the fans. So it'll be made for television. The good old days, made for television. And it'll go that way, and then fans will start coming in. Maybe they'll be separated by two seats. And then ultimately, we want to have packed arenas. When the virus is gone, we're going to have packed arenas and we're going to be back to enjoying sports the way they're supposed to be. And the same thing can be said for restaurants.

So, at a certain point in time, when the virus is gone, we're going to be back to normal.

Please, go ahead.

Well, they're going to be in place, to a large extent, and it also depends on the governors, what they want to do. You have very different states. If you look at Montana, Wyoming, North Dakota -- that's a lot different than New York. It's a lot different than New Jersey. So it's going to be very dependent on the governor.

We're recommending -- as you see in the charts, we're recommending certain things. They'll be in place, dependent on what the governor wants to do. If we see something wrong, we will be expressing ourselves very strongly.

Please, go ahead.

You're talking about those states that are in great shape already?

They will be able to go literally tomorrow, yes -- because they've met all of the guidelines if you go back -- you're going back 14 days, you're going back even a month. And they have -- the ones that I'm thinking about, the ones that I've already spoken to governors about -- they've met those guidelines, actually, pretty long ago.

Well, they've been going through it a long time, Jon, and it's been a tough process for people. You know, I told you this: There's death and there's problems in staying at home too. It's not just, "Isn't it wonderful to stay at home?" They're having -- they're suffering. This country wasn't built on that principle; it was built on an exact opposite principle, actually.

And I watched, in one particular state, where they were -- they want to get back. They want to get back. They were very strict sanctions that were put on people; that was probably the most strict of all.

But, I just think the American people have been incredible. When you look at --

Jon, when you look at what they've done, when you look at what they've been through, when you look at all of the death and all of the problems and all of the sickness, when you look at what's happened, I just think the American people have been incredible.

I think they're listening. I think they listen to me. They seem to be protesters that like me and respect this opinion. And my opinion is the same as just about all of the governors.

They all want to open. Nobody wants to stay shut, but they want to open safely. So do I. But we have large sections of the country right now that can start thinking about opening. There'll be some mitigation and they'll keep it going for a period of time -- including masks, by the way -- in areas that you wouldn't even think.

I asked a question today. I said, "Why would they wear masks in Wyoming or Montana or North Dakota?" And that's if somebody should come in from an area that isn't so successful, in terms of what they've done.

So, that will be a governor's choice, and we'll have no problem with it.

Right. So, just for the viewers watching this or hearing you ask that question: "Exhausted" is a good thing, not a bad thing. It went quickly. It is so popular. The banks have been incredible, including 4,000 community banks. Four thousand. Most people didn't know you had that many banks. Four thousand --

What they want is people want to keep this going. And we're doing it to keep the small businesses open and to keep the workers paid. And we have a $250 billion request. The Democrats like it. The Republicans love it. And to be honest, I think it's going to -- something is going to be happening. I hope so, because this is a very popular program. It was really executed flawlessly.

The first day, they changed an application a little bit. There was -- but when you look at what Bank of America did and what Wells Fargo did, and Citi and a lot of the banks -- but when you ask --

-- when you look at what all of the community banks did, it's been really incredible.

Well, we're negotiating with Democrats, and they should, frankly, approve it quickly. This is a great thing for our country. It's a great thing for small business and for the workers. And we're having a hard time getting them to approve it. I think it's going to happen. It should happen really unanimously. But they're trying to get things and we're not too happy with what they're trying to get.

Please, go ahead.

I'd rather not say that, but you'll be seeing it very soon. I mean, they'll be -- I'd rather have the governor be able to -- the governors be able to announce. And they're very proud of it. They've worked hard. Some are in an area that's less susceptible and some really was done, I think we can say, through talent. They really worked very hard.

And, you know, we have some states that got too much credit for what they've done. Frankly, I could name you a couple of those too. And I could name you a couple of them. And we have others that haven't been given credit that have done a phenomenal job.

Well, that's not going to be normal. There's not going to be a new normal where somebody has been having, for 25 years, 158 seats in a restaurant, and now he's got 30 or he's got 60 -- because that wouldn't work. That's not normal. No. Normal will be if he has the 158 or 68 seats. And that's going to happen. And it's going to happen, relatively quickly, we hope.

But that's our normal. Our normal is if you have 100,000 people in an Alabama football game -- or 110,000, to be exact -- we want 110,000 people there. We want every seat occupied. Normal is not going to be where you have a game with 50,000 people.

We're going to be watching over. We're going to see that everything is working out smoothly. We're in very strong communication with the governors.

We're going to be helping with testing. They're going to be doing the testing. It's got to be a localized thing, and it really has been since I've been involved. Because I came in and the federal government supposed to do testing of parking lots in the middle of a certain state that's 2,000 miles away. It's ridiculous. But the testing has been so incredible.

Two things: testing and ventilators. Ventilators are really tough. They're very complex. They're very expensive. They're, you know, very sophisticated machines. Some are unbelievably sophisticated. What we built -- you saw General Motors yesterday. Thousands are being issued. We have 11 companies building them. We have not had one complaint in the last week and half, which is surge time.

Don't forget, when they were calling, they were calling because in two weeks, in four weeks, in five weeks, they're going to need ventilators -- not because they need them right now. And we were right on our counts. And nobody that wanted a ventilator didn't get a ventilator. Plus, we have additional, if there is a surge. We hope there's not going to be a surge at all. But we're going to be able to build up the stockpiles of states who didn't have them, who should have had them.

And we're also going to have a big stockpile in the federal government, and we'll be able to help foreign countries -- countries that need help. Because you have comp- -- look, you have countries who will never be able to build a ventilator. It's tough stuff. We're uniquely talented in the sense that we can do things that nobody else can do.

We'll get right back to you, John.

Peter, in the back. Peter.

Well, I think -- yeah, Peter. I think 29 states are in that ballgame, not open -- not for opening, but I think they'll be able to open relatively soon. I think the remainder are just getting better. Look, New York, New Jersey are having very tough times, and they'll be there. They'll be there at some point. But they're not going to be one of the earlier states; they're going to be later, obviously.

I just spoke with the governor of New Jersey. We just spoke with Mike and a couple of folks. We had a great talk with him. Phil is a terrific guy. He's working very hard -- Democrat -- but we get along. He's working very, very hard. I guess, the fact that he's right next to this big massive city where everybody is very closely -- you know, they're -- they're together. And New Jersey has been hit unbelievably hard -- as hard as -- as hard as anybody, in the true sense. But they're doing a great job in New Jersey.

That doesn't mean, Peter -- that doesn't mean that they're going to be opening next week. That's not one that's going to be. But we have a lot of states that, through location, through luck, and also through a lot of talent -- we have states, through a lot of talent, are in a very good position, and they're getting ready to open and over the next very short period of time.

It's going to be up to the governors. We're going to work with them, we're going to help them, but it's going to be up to the governors. I think they're going to -- I think you're going to see quite a few states starting to open. And I call it a "beautiful puzzle." You have 50 pieces, all very different, but when it's all done, it's a mosaic. When it's all done, it's going to be, I think, a very beautiful picture.

And very important is what Dr. Fauci said: It could be that, sometime in the fall, there'll be some flare-ups. We're going to be in a great position with everything we've done and everything we've learned. This was something that nobody ever saw before: such contagion and very, very powerful.

People don't realize because you -- we all probably have friends -- I have a number of people that were just great people who were just decimated by what happened. Some were -- some were -- some are dead right now. They're dead. They went into a hospital. One called me; he said, "I tested positive." Four days later, he was dead. The following day after he said that, he was unconscious. So this is a tough deal.

At the same time, some people got sniffles and they didn't even realize they had a problem. And they are supposedly immune. We're going to find out about that. Even that's a little bit soon because we don't know how long the immunity lasts.

But, Peter, some states are in great shape, and they're really in great shape to open. And I think you'll have quite a few states opening soon. And they're going to be very vigilant, they're going to be very careful.

Go ahead.

Sure, we can do that. Either one, please.

Tony, did you want to say something?

Peter, I just have to say that, as we see a hotspot possibly developing -- maybe not -- but if we see a hotspot developing, we've learned a lot. We'll be able to suppress it, whack it. We'll be able to do things that people weren't even thinking about because nobody has ever gone through this.

In 1917, they went through something that was similar. Probably not as contagious, probably more powerful in certain other ways. But we are going to be able to suppress it, we think. And we're going to watch it very closely. We're going to -- we're going to be able to watch things very closely.

Please.

Yeah. Bob, please.

And one other thing, because we -- we discussed this today with the senators -- we had the senators, we have the congressmen and women. There'll be some areas of our country -- wide open plains, wide open spaces -- with not that many people, relatively speaking, where you're not going to have to do that. Senators were saying there is no reason to do that in certain states, in certain areas, where you have the wide open.

In other cases, we will be doing that. So we'll be following it. Largely, that also will be a function of governors. They know their states. So, largely, that's going to be a function of governors.

Yes.

Yeah.

We do have the capacity, but, you know, you have states without any problem. You have states with few cases, and those few cases have healed. You have states with very little death, relatively speaking. As I said, one is too many, but you have states with very little, and frankly, they're at a point where they have almost nothing.

So this is a much different case than a New York or New Jersey where they're going through -- frankly, they go through hell. And if you look at New York -- I'm looking at bed count, because you have to look at bed count, and it's really dropped. We built the Javits Center with 2,900 beds. And it was -- I mean, they built it in four days. They did an incredible job -- the Army Corps of Engineers. It was not used very much. We sent the ship -- the hospital ship into New York Harbor, and it was not used. Then we went COVID, and it still was not used very much, because the bed count has gone way down -- way, way down.

Go ahead, please.

This is -- this is not campaigning. I want to make the country better. I don't care about campaigning. This is -- this is about making our country better. I think this team has been incredible, whether it's Army Corps of Engineers, whether it's FEMA.

One thing that happened on the call today that I noticed more than anything is Pete Gaynor. So many governors that, "I want to thank you." Pete Gaynor called up. They had tornadoes in a big part of our country this weekend -- this week. And they were all saying that he has been unbelievable. They called one after another. They were thanking us for -- that's FEMA. And they were thanking us.

No, I want to heal this country. This -- this is a war. We've been through a war. We have an invisible, as opposed to a visible, enemy. I think, in many ways, the invisible enemy is much more dangerous, is much tougher.

In the G7 today, I went through country after country. We were there. We all get along great. Angela Merkel and Shinzo Abe -- Prime Minister of Japan -- and all of them. And their -- their countries have been devastated by this. Their economies have been devastated by this. A hundred and eighty-four countries all over the world.

And we went through one after another. And I was angry because it should have been told to us. It should have been told to us early. It should have been told to us a lot sooner. People knew it was happening, and people didn't want to talk about it. I don't know why, but we're going to get to the bottom of it. But people should have --

People -- I'm not saying anything. I'm saying people should have told us about this. They should have told the rest of the world too.

When I looked at Germany talking today, when I looked at France talking today -- the European Union was there represented; that represents a lot of countries -- their economies have been devastated, but they're going to build them back. But we're going to build this economy back bigger, better, stronger than ever before. You watch. And we have stimulus.

And we're going to do things, whether it's infrastructure -- which we would like to be able to do -- our roads, our tunnels, our highways, our bridges. Our bridges need help. You know, a lot of you have reported on our bridges. A lot of bridges are in bad shape. They should have been fixed 25 years ago, and they're still standing. They have to be fixed.

So hopefully we'll get an infrastructure bill.

The good news is the interest rate is close to zero. And zero interest is a good thing when it comes to rebuilding your infrastructure and your country back.

Please, in the back.

Well, I don't like to anticipate because you have a couple of states that are in difficulty that have made a lot of progress, by the way, and they're either here or they're heading down. But -- so I'm not going to go in, in terms of dates, but I think we're going very quickly now. I really believe.

I think we're going to have a lot of states open relatively soon. We're beating the date. I set a date of May 1st, and, you know, here we are. And I think you're going to have some nice surprises over the next few days. And that'll be before. And that's big stuff. Some of those states are big. They're big stuff. Very important states. And it's going to be added on and on.

And as we -- look, I don't want anyone coming back that isn't in position to come back. The last thing we want is for, let's say, a New York to come back too soon or a New Jersey to come back to soon. We want them to come back when they're ready. But they're really heading in a good direction, and I think it'll be much faster than people think. I think it'll be quicker. But it's got to be safe.

Yeah, please. In the back.

So, if we didn't do what we did, we were talking about up to 2.2 million deaths. So that's five times almost what we lost in the Civil War. Okay?

If -- if everything happens properly and if we continue to go the way we're going now, we will be significantly less than the lowest number with mitigation. So we'll be significantly less. And it's still a lot of people. One is too many, as I've said. One is too many. But we'll be under the number of 100,000, which was the minimum number projected by the model. And I give -- I give everybody up here, I give all of the people that we've been -- I mean, we -- this was a military operation with a lot of private help.

If you look at Roche, they were incredible. If you look at Johnson & Johnson now, what they're doing -- they are very far advanced on a vaccine. I think, therapeutically, we have some of these genius company -- they're truly genius companies. I'm seeing them. I'm meeting with the people that run the companies and scientists. And, I mean, what they're doing is incredible. It's incredible. It's a beautiful thing to see.

So I think we're very far advanced, and I think we're going to be in great shape soon.

Yeah, please.

Do you mean Washington State or Washington here?

Well, that's going to be up to them. They're going to have to make that determination. I mean, the governor of Washington was saying that he can't find cotton because -- you know, a swab is a very easy thing to get. And swab is -- essentially, it's a little bit more sophisticated than a Q-tip. And you got to be able to go out and find. You know, the federal government shouldn't be forced to go and do everything.

What we've done is incredible. What we've done are the -- the ones that can't be done -- like, for instance, the ventilators -- that can't be done by anybody but a very powerful, very great manufacturing country, which is what we are and what we're really getting to be.

And I have to tell you, some of these companies, what -- the job they've done -- and we're going to recognize them pretty soon -- the job they've done in terms of getting out, in particular, ventilators, because ventilators are so hard. They're so -- I say, and some people say, "Oh, it's not really as complicated." Well, it's like building a car. And you know what? The price is the same too. It's a very expensive thing for a sophisticated ventilator. It's very, very tough stuff.

Yeah, please. In the back.

Yeah, I'll let you --

I'll let you guys --

So, just so you understand -- excuse me. Just so you understand, we have tremendous testing capacity. You look at the labs; they're actually saying, "Send us." And the reason it's gone down is because we have so many other tests that, frankly, are easier because you don't have to send. They're on site. And now we have the new saliva test that just came out yesterday, which is probably the easiest of them all, when you get right down to it.

And I was seeing where Rutgers is involved -- great school, great college, great university -- and they're using that. So many people are going to want to use that. But they don't have to use the labs anymore. The labs are great, highly accurate. Very, very great companies. But they're down. They have tremendous -- as that goes down, you have additional capacity.

We have tremendous testing capacity. And to think that a month and a half ago, we had virtually nothing.

I just want to conclude: We're opening up our great country again. It's going to be over a period of time. We're working with some really great people -- people that have become friends of mine. And I'm including Democrat governors that have really done a good job; Republican governors, most of whom I've known that have done a really good job. They're all working together. We're all for the -- with few exceptions, the relationship has been outstanding.

And I want to thank Doctor, Doctor, and Mike. I want to thank the Director. Fantastic job. We've all done -- by the way, head of the FDA, he has broken hurdles that years ago, even recently, would have taken years. He was -- he got one thing done in one day that would have taken two years for somebody else. So I want to thank Dr. Hahn of the FDA.

We have incredible people that we're working with. And we're going to bring our country back, and it's going to be bigger and better and stronger than ever before. We have learned a lot. We've learned a lot about ourselves.

I want to thank everybody. And most importantly, I want to thank the American people. Thank you all very much. Thank you.