Thank you very much, everyone. Thank you. Thank you. A beautiful day in the Rose Garden. Appreciate everybody being here. Today, I'd like to provide an update to the American people on several decisive new actions we're taking in our very vigilant effort to combat and ultimately defeat the coronavirus.

We've been working very hard on this. We've made tremendous progress. When you compare what we've done to other areas of the world, it's pretty incredible. A lot of that had to do with the early designation and the closing of the borders. And, as you know, Europe was just designated as the hotspot right now, and we closed that border a while ago.

So that was lucky or through talent or through luck. Call it whatever you want. But through a very collective action and shared sacrifice and national determination, we will overcome the threat of the virus. I also announced Wednesday night, following the advice of our medical professionals who are doing a tremendous job -- and we appreciate it very much -- that we're suspending the entry of foreign nationals who have been to Europe in the last 14 days from entering the United States.

Citizens, permanent residents, and our families -- and even the families returning from Europe, will be subject to extra screening as well self-isolation for a period of 14 days. As the World Health Organization confirmed today, many of the things that -- what we said were 100 percent correct, including our designation, before them, of Europe.

Like our earlier, very aggressive actions with China, this measure will save countless lives. I appreciate a number of the folks behind me. A number of the people behind me said that that saved a lot of lives, that early designation. But it is only the beginning of what we're really doing, and now we're in a different phase.

We had some very old and obsolete rules that we had to live with. It worked under certain circumstances but not under mass circumstances. They were there for a long time; they were in place for a long time. And we're breaking them down now. And they're very usable for certain instances, but not for this.

To unleash the full power of the federal government in this effort, today I am officially declaring a national emergency. Two very big words. The action I am taking will open up access to up to $50 billion of very importantly -- very important and a large amount of money for states and territories and localities in our shared fight against this disease.

In furtherance of the order, I'm urging every state to set up emergency operation centers effective immediately. You're going to be hearing from some of the largest companies and greatest retailers and medical companies in the world. They're standing right behind me and to the side of me. I'm also asking every hospital in this country to activate its emergency preparedness plan so that they can meet the needs of Americans everywhere.

The hospitals are very engaged. New York and various other places are also various engaged. I just spoke with Governor Cuomo; we had a very good conversation. And we're working very strongly with many states, including New York. The emergency orders I am issuing today will also confer broad new authority to the Secretary of Health and Human Services.

The Secretary of HHS will be able to immediately waive provisions of applicable laws and regulations to give doctors, hospital -- all hospitals -- and healthcare providers maximum flexibility to respond to the virus and care for patients. This includes the following critical authorities: The ability to waive laws to enable telehealth, a fairly new and incredible thing that's happened in the -- in the not-so-distant past.

I tell you, what they've done with telehealth is incredible. It gives remote doctors' visits and hospital check-ins. The power to waive certain federal license requirements so that doctors from other states can provide services and states with the greatest need. Number two. The ability to waive requirements that critical-access hospitals limit the number of beds to 25 and the length of stay to 96 hours.

The ability to waive the requirements of a three-day hospital stay prior to admission to a nursing home. Big thing. The authority to waive rules that hinder hospitals' ability to bring additional physicians on board or obtain needed office space. They can do as they want. They can do what they have to do. They know what they have to do. Now they don't have any problem getting it done.

The authority to waive rules that severely restrict where hospitals can care for patients within the hospital itself, ensuring that the emergency capacity can be quickly established. We'll remove or eliminate every obstacle necessary to deliver our people the care that they need and that they're entitled to. No resource will be spared.

Nothing whatsoever. Ten days ago, I brought together the CEOs of commercial labs at the White House and directed them to immediately begin working on a solution to dramatically increase the availability of tests. Other countries have called us and worked with us, and they're doing similar things or will be doing similar things.

As a result of that action, today we're announcing a new partnership with private sector to vastly increase and accelerate our capacity to test for the coronavirus. We want to make sure that those who need a test can get a test very safely, quickly, and conveniently. But we don't want people to take a test if -- if we feel that they shouldn't be doing it. And we don't want everyone running out and taking.

Only if you have certain symptoms. Using federal emergency authorities, the FDA approved a new test for the virus. We did this within hours after receiving the application from Roche -- a process that would normally take weeks. We therefore expect up to a half a million additional tests will be available early next week.

We'll be announcing locations probably on Sunday night. I want to thank Roche, a great company, for their incredible work. I'd also like to thank Thermo Fisher. The FDA's goal is to hopefully authorize their application within 24 hours -- it'll go very quickly; it's going very quickly -- which will bring, additionally, 1.4 million tests on board next week and 5 million within a month.

I doubt we'll need anywhere near that. At the same time, we've been in discussions with pharmacies and retailers to make drive-thru tests available in the critical locations identified by public health professionals. The goal is for individuals to be able to drive up and be swabbed without having to leave your car.

I want to thank Google. Google is helping to develop a website. It's going to be very quickly done, unlike websites of the past, to determine whether a test is warranted and to facilitate testing at a nearby convenient location. We have many, many locations behind us, by the way. We cover the -- this country in large part.

So the world, by the way -- we're not going to be talking about the world right now. But we cover very, very strongly our country. Stores in virtually every location. Google has 1,700 engineers working on this right now. They've made tremendous progress. Our overriding goal is to stop the spread of the virus and to help all Americans who have been impacted by this.

Again, we don't want everybody taking this test; it's totally unnecessary. And this will pass. This will pass through, and we're going to be even stronger for it. We've learned a lot. A tremendous amount has been learned. I want to thank Deborah Birx, and I want to ask her maybe to come up and say a few words as to what's happening.

Dr. Birx is a highly respected person. I've gotten to know her very well over the last six days. And what we've done is rebuild something that was very old, very old-fashioned, somewhat obsolete. Certainly obsolete when it comes to the kind of numbers that we're talking about. Dr. Birx, please. Thank you, Deborah.

Thank you very much, Deborah. Great. I'd like to maybe have Tony -- do you want to come up? You've become a -- I think everybody out here knows you pretty well. But Tony has been doing a tremendous job working long, long hours. And you've seen a lot happen, but this has been -- it's been a great experience, and working with you has been terrific. Tony, please.

Thank you very much, Tony. If I could, some of these folks we know; they're celebrities in their own right. They're the biggest business people, the greatest retailers anywhere in the world. And one of them is Doug McMillon from Walmart. And I'd like to have Doug, if you would, say a few words, wherever you may be. Doug, please.

Thank you very much, Doug. Appreciate it very much. I'll just stay right over here. And, Richard, if you could come up, please. Richard, please. Walgreens. Thank you.

Thank you very much. Great job. Thank you very much. Brian Cornell, Target. Thank you, Brian. Thank you. Please.

Thank you very much. Great job. Is Tom here? Tom Polen. Tom? Tom Polen. Please.

Thank you very much, Tom. Great job you've done. Stephen Rusckowski, Quest Diagnostics. Please. Great job. Thank you very much.

Thank you very much. I appreciate it. And Matt Sause, please, of Roche. Matt? Thank you, Matt.

And you can do it. You can do it. A great company. David Pierre of Signify -- Signify Health. Please. Thanks, David.

Thank you very much. And we'll be changing a lot of the rules, regulations for future, should this happen in the future, which we hope it never does. But it will, I guess -- somewhere out there. There are some bad ones over the years, and I guess that'll continue to an extent, but we hope it never happens.

But we're going to be changing a lot of the old rules and specifications and regulations. Adam Schechter, who has really been of tremendous help. LabCorp. Please. Adam?

Thank you very much. Great job. Thank you. Thomas Moriarty, CVS. We all know CVS. Thank you.

Thank you, Thomas.

Thank you very much. Thank you, Thomas. Thanks. Great job. And Bruce Greenstein, LHC Group. Tremendously talented people. Thank you very much.

Thank you very much. Fantastic.

Okay, I like that. That's good. We're also announcing the following emergency executive actions today: To help our students and their families, I've waived interest on all student loans held by federal government agencies, and that will be until further notice. That's a big thing for a lot of students that are left in the middle right now.

Many of those schools have been closed. Based on the price of oil, I've also instructed the Secretary of Energy to purchase, at a very good price, large quantities of crude oil for storage in the U.S. Strategic Reserve. We're going to fill it right up to the top, saving the American taxpayer billions and billions of dollars, helping our oil industry and making us even further toward that wonderful goal -- which we've achieved, which nobody thought was possible -- of energy independence.

It puts us in a position that's very strong, and we're buying it at the right price. And that's something that would have not even been possible a week ago. The price of oil went down quite a bit, so we're going to fill it up. This is a good time to fill it up. I'd like to ask Mike Pence to say a few words, please. VP.

Thank you, Mike. Thank you very much. Seema. Where is Seema? I'd like you to maybe take that a step further, please, on nursing homes. Thanks.

Thank you very much, Seema. As I said in my address to the nation the other night, all Americans have a role to play in defeating this virus. Our most effective weapon right now is to limit the damage to our people and our country, and slow the spread of the virus itself. The choice we make, the precautions we put into place are critical to overcoming the virus, reducing its spread and shortening the duration of the pandemic -- which is what it is. The CDC has published guidelines on the Coronavirus.gov to enable -- it's Coronavirus.gov, and it's very -- very heavily used right now, I will say -- to enable every American to respond to this epidemic and to protect themselves, their families, and their communities, while the risks to young and healthy Americans remains very low.

We've learned a lot about this over the last two weeks. Anyone can be a carrier for the virus and risk transmission to older Americans and those with underlying health conditions and those who are most at risk. They have not done very well. Older Americans who are -- especially, if they have a health problem, they have not done well.

We must take all precautions and be responsible for the actions that we take and that we see other people take. We want to prevent the spread and transmission of the disease. It's incredible what's -- sports -- what's happening with the sporting world, where so many of the great sports that we've gotten so used to at this time of the year, they're not going to be meeting.

And they've done a great service actually. But that -- would be another way that it could be -- problems could be caused. But this is why I outlined on Wednesday night my admiss- -- administration's -- the fact that we've issued a requirement suspending all medically unnecessary visits to various places, but in particular, nursing homes.

We should all be working off the same playbook when it comes to protecting Americans. We have to. We need to be consistent in adopting measures to limit the spread of the virus. The virus is the same, whether it's spreading in cities, towns, or rural communities. The tools and tactics for attacking it are similar no matter where you go. No matter where you go. You have some hotspots throughout the world right now that people would have never thought possible, and they're being very seriously affected.

Key among these efforts are breaking chains of transmission between people. These measures have been adopted by many companies, universities, and schools. And we want to protect the safety and the health of their employees and their students. I encourage everyone to follow the guidelines we've issued by CDC and these commonsense measures.

A lot of it is common sense. For the areas where the virus is spreading, the CDC is advising communities to postpone large gatherings, postpone assemblies, social functions, and sporting events; stagger recess and lunch for schools that aren't canceled; limit in-person meetings; increase scheduled cleanings; and cancel work-sponsored travel -- among numerous other steps that can be taken.

Americans are the strongest and most resilient people on Earth, and in the coming weeks, we will all have to make changes and sacrifices, but these short-term sacrifices will produce long-term gain. And again, I've said we're learning a lot for the future and future problems like this, or worse. Or worse.

It could get worse. The next eight weeks are critical. We can learn -- and we will turn a corner on this virus. Some of the doctors say it will wash through, it will flow through. Interesting terms and very accurate. I think you're going to find in a number of weeks it's going to be a very accurate term.

In times of hardship, the true character of America always shines through. We live in the company of the greatest heroes and the most inspiring citizens anywhere in the world. We want to take care of our people. We want to draw on the strength of our history, draw on the strength of our people, and we will get through this all together.

We will just get through it. So much progress has already been made. And, frankly, the numbers -- because of steps that have been taken -- are at a level that a lot of people are surprised, especially when you compare them with other places with far smaller populations. The spirit and the will of our nation is unbreakable.

We will defeat this threat. When America is tested, America rises to the occasion. And to those families and citizens who are worried and concerned for themselves and their loved ones, I want you to know that your federal government will unleash every authority, resource, and tool at its disposal to safeguard the lives and health of our people.

So we're with you every step of the way. No nation is more prepared or more equipped to face down this crisis. As you know, we are rated number one in the world. We're also helping other nations -- many other nations; we're helping them a lot. And they're doing okay, in some cases. In some cases, they're not doing well at all.

But we're working with a lot of groups of people and a lot of other nations. With faith and heart and hope and love and determination, we will succeed. We will prevail. We will be very, very successful. And we'll learn for the future. Thank you all very much. If you have any questions, we can take some. Go ahead, John.

Please. And if you'd like to ask some of the folks up here, it would be fine. Please.

Well, we just don't think they're giving enough. We don't think the Democrats are giving enough. We're negotiating. We thought we had something, but all of a sudden they didn't agree to certain things that they agreed to. So we could have something, but we don't think they're giving enough. They're not -- they're not doing what's right for the country.

Go ahead, please.

Yeah.

Yeah, well, that's true. And we are looking at many different things, as you know. You know some of them -- they've been written about very widely. But we're going to be releasing a paper in about two hours stating quite a few other steps. Very important ones.

Please, go ahead.

No, we have no symptoms whatsoever. And we have -- we had a great meeting with the President of Brazil, Bolsonaro. Great guy. Very -- a very tremendous -- he's done -- he's doing a fantastic job for Brazil. And, as you know, he tested negative -- meaning, nothing wrong -- this morning. And we got that word, too.

Because we did have dinner with him; we were sitting next to each other for a long period of time.

No, we -- we have. We're talking about it, country to country, but we did discuss if he had a problem. It was reported that he may have it, and he doesn't, fortunately.

Yeah, no, I don't take responsibility at all, because we were given a -- a set of circumstances and we were given rules, regulations, and specifications from a different time. It wasn't meant for this kind of an event with the kind of numbers that we're talking about. And what we've done is redesigned it very quickly with the help of the people behind me. And we're now in very, very strong shape.

I think we'll be announcing, as I said, Sunday night, and this will start very quickly. And we -- we'll have -- we'll have the ability to do in the millions over a very, very quick period of time. So, no. And what we have done -- and we are going to be leaving a very indelible print for the future, in case something like this happens again.

But it was a -- and that's not the fault of anybody. And, frankly, the old system worked very well for smaller numbers -- much smaller numbers -- but not for these kind of numbers. Tony, maybe you'd like to say something?

Tony, please.

And, interestingly, if you go back -- please -- if you go back to the swine flu, it was nothing like this. They didn't do testing like this. And actually, they lost approximately 14,000 people. And they didn't do the testing. They started thinking about testing when it was far too late. What we've done -- and one of the reasons I think people are respecting what we've done: We've done it very early.

We've gotten it very early. And we've also kept a lot of people out.

Yes, please. Go ahead. Please.

Well, ask them how they --

-- did with the swine flu. It was a disaster.

Next, please. Next, please.

They had a very big failure with swine flu. A very big failure.

Yeah.

Well, that was recommended to me by a group of professionals, and we are looking at it based on the new numbers that are coming out. And we may have to include them in the list of countries that we will, you could say, ban -- or whatever -- it is during this period of time. But, yeah, their numbers have gone up fairly precipitously over the last 24 hours, so we may be adding that, and we may be adding a couple of others.

And we may, frankly, start thinking about taking some off. Go ahead.

It's true.

I think it has been helpful. We've been working very much with China. I've spoken, as you know, with President Xi. They went through hell, and their numbers are starting to look very good. They're really -- they're really looking very good. We're very happy about that. We are sharing data, yes. In fact, we're sharing quite a bit of data, including the fact that some of our pharmaceutical companies are working over there right now with large groups of people.

Yeah, go ahead. Please.

Yes, I did.

So we didn't discuss the border. We've had a very good relationship. Just about finished with the USMCA, as you know. He called -- actually, he called me to tell me that. I think that was the primary reason for the call. At the time, his wife had not been diagnosed. And she's a lovely lady -- wonderful lady, great lady.

And since then, I've heard -- read that the result was that she has it. And I was a little surprised. I think he was surprised also. We did discuss it prior to. She's going to be fine, but he thought that she would not, most likely, have the virus. Unfortunately, she does. But we didn't discuss the border yesterday, no. Go ahead, please.

If you have any questions for these great geniuses up here, you should -- even a business question related to what we're talking about.

Well, I don't know that I had exposure, but I don't have any of the symptoms. And we do have a White House doctor and, I should say, many White House doctors, frankly. And I asked them that same question, and they said, "You don't have any symptoms whatsoever." And we don't want people without symptoms to go and do the test.

The test is not insignificant. As far as the cruise line business, we're with them all the way. It's a great business. It's a great U.S. business, frankly. And I know how important they are to the country. That includes airlines. But the cruise line business, obviously, was hit very hard. We had a tremendous success out in Oakland where we moved it. Vice President Pence did a fantastic job with that.

We worked with UK. We worked with Canada. They took their people back. And Canada has approximately 600 people; UK, likewise, took a large number of people back to the United Kingdom. And we have people quarantined. It was a big operation, and it worked out really -- you don't hear about it anymore. It worked out really well.

Mike, you may even want to say something about that because that was really done properly.

Go ahead, please.

And I might add that we're in the process -- and, in some cases, have already done it -- ordered a large number of respirators, just in case. We hope we don't need them, but we've ordered a large number. Yeah. Go ahead, please.

Right.

Well, some are making progress; some are not, as you know. But some are making progress. And as they make progress, as they get down to the number that we all think is right -- that they know is right, we know is right -- we'll be opening it up. And some are really moving along rapidly. We hope to be able to open things up as quickly as possible.

Go ahead, please. Go ahead.

That was .

Right. Better.

Better. Not 100 percent, but 90 percent.

Go ahead.

Okay. OAN, please. OAN.

No, we have our deal with China. They're going to be buying $250 billion worth of goods and $50 billion from our farmers. And that's a great deal for our country; it's about time somebody did that. And, frankly, phase two, we'll start negotiating. I did read one article, but I don't think that article was representative -- certainly not of my conversations with President Xi -- and they know where it came from.

We all know where it came from.

Yes.

Well, I just think it's a nasty question because what we've done is -- and Tony has said numerous times that we've saved thousands of lives because of the quick closing. And when you say "me," I didn't do it. We have a group of people I could --

I could ask perhaps -- my administration -- but I could perhaps ask Tony about that because I don't know anything about it. I mean, you say -- you say we did that. I don't know anything about it.

We're spending -- I don't know. It's the --

It's the -- it's the administration. Perhaps they do that. You know, people let people go. You used to be with a different newspaper than you are now. You know, things like that happen.

Okay. Please go ahead.

We're doing a great job. Let me tell you, these professionals behind me and the -- these great, incredible doctors and business people -- the best in the world. And I can say that. Whether it's retailers or labs, or anything you want to say, these are the best of the world. We're doing a great job. We have 40 people right now.

Forty. Compare that with other countries that have many, many times that amount. And one of the reasons we have 40 and others have -- and, again, that number is going up, just so you understand. And a number of cases, which are very small, relatively speaking -- it's going up. But we've done a great job because we acted quickly.

We acted early. And there's nothing we could have done that was better than closing our borders to highly infected areas. Please, go ahead.

Yes, sure.

I hope not long, but it's there now and it gives tremendous powers for things that we need. Tremendous power, actually. And the Stafford Act and various other things that we're involved with and have studied and memorized in so many different ways and forms, it gives the kind of power that we need to get rid of this virus.

And we're going to do it very quickly. And I hope we won't need it very long, but whatever it takes.

Yeah.

Sure.

Well, Italy is having a --

Italy is having a very -- yeah -- we're in touch with Italy and, you know, it's a -- it's a country that we love. We have tremendous -- millions and millions of people, originally -- origins from Italy. And we're working with them. They're in a very -- they're in, probably, relatively speaking, the toughest position of all.

We're in touch with everybody. We're in touch with -- when I say "everybody," we're in touch with many of the countries that you know about, that you're writing about. And they're calling us asking for advice. They're asking for the advice of the people behind me. Italy has got a tough situation, but they're -- they're really -- they have really clamped down and I think they're going to see some very good results.

It's tough. What they did -- they really took their medicine, but they're going to see some much better results. Yeah, Jeff.

Well, I'll tell you, first of all, I'm not coming back from someplace.

We -- and there was somebody that they say has it. I have no idea who he is, but I take pictures and it lasts for, literally, seconds. I don't know the gentleman that we're talking about. I have no idea who he is. I haven't seen the picture. I said, "There's a picture of somebody," but I take sometimes hundreds of pictures a day.

And that night I was taking hundreds of pictures. So I just don't know. Now I did sit with the President for probably two hours, but he has tested negative. So that's good.

Please, go ahead.

Go ahead, please.

I would say, if you stay home, it's not bad. It's not bad. Now, there are certain parts of the country that are -- essentially, have no -- have zero problem. Washington has been very tough -- in particular, a nursing home. And, but Washington -- the State of Washington has been very tough. It's been a big percentage of -- when you talk about the 40 deaths, that's been has been a big percentage of the deaths, as you know very well.

And they all came from a very certain area, unfortunately. Please, go ahead.

Go ahead. Okay.

Yes.

Well, in light of the results, as we discussed before -- in light of the results, we're going to be looking at it. And I know the task force is looking at it very strongly -- the Vice President, everybody. It was looking good, but they've --the results have been building up pretty rapidly. So we'll -- we'll be taking another look at that.

Yes, absolutely. Go ahead, please.

I think they have to listen to their doctors, and I think they shouldn't be jumping to get the test unless it's necessary. But I think they have to listen to their doctors. And I mean, I don't know the -- I haven't seen the picture. Somebody said there's a picture with somebody taking a picture with me, but I haven't seen it. But I can tell you --

Well --

Well, I didn't say I wasn't going to be tested.

Most likely, yeah. Most likely.

Not for that reason, but because I think I will do it any way. Fairly soon.

We're working on that. We're working out a schedule.

You go ahead, please.

Go ahead.

Yeah.

Well, that's been true for a while. But I'll let Mike -- why don't you answer that, Mike, please?

I think you have to remember, though: We're working very closely with states, and you have a smaller form and more targeted form of government going in and doing it -- like, in New York, where the relationship is very good; like Gavin Newsom, where he made some very complimentary -- because that's California -- he made some really complimentary comments the other day about how we're working together.

We worked on the ship together, but we worked on a lot of other things together, having to do with this. And we're -- well, really, the relationship that we have -- I can't think of a bad relationship. We're helping them. We're funding them, in some cases, depending on what it is you're talking about. And we're all working together very closely.

So we've done, really, I think a tremendous job of teamwork with the different states. All right. One or two more. And if you have -- if you have questions for these folks -- does anybody have a question for the folks up here? Who has a question up here? You have? Okay, go ahead. If you have a question, go ahead.

Okay. I thought -- I knew you would.

I was waiting for that. Go ahead.

Ask them first, please.

Well, I didn't suggest that it could happen, but I can tell you it's an industry that was very badly impacted by what's going on with the virus. And it's a great industry. It's a very important industry and we will be helping them. And we will be helping the airline industry, if we have to -- assuming we have to. So far, people haven't been asking.

But if they should be asking, we'll -- we want to make sure our airlines are very strong. And then, one day -- and one day, all of a sudden, it wasn't looking so good. Interestingly, we were just talking -- I was talking to Doug, and the numbers they're doing from the retailing standpoint -- I guess, because of this, your business is like the opposite.

All of you have done -- you've been selling a lot of -- a lot of stuff. Do you want to answer the question, as to the hand sanitizers?

Please.

Alex, please.

Okay. One more. Go ahead. Go ahead. No. Over here. Behind you. Behind you.

That's true. Thank you.

Well, on small businesses, the Small Business Administration is now stacked with money to help them, and we're going to make the money readily available if they need it -- small businesses. We had a great time in India. It was an incredible two days, and he's a great friend of mine. And he's a friend of his people, because he was greeted incredibly warmly, as was I. And that stadium -- that was an incredible event.

And I loved being with him, so just say hello to him. But we -- we talked about everything. We talked about far more than just borders. And as far as President Xi -- likewise, he's a friend of mine. I believe that we are dealing in good faith. And we just worked to, as you know, and as I just said -- we just worked an incredible deal.

A big deal. One of the biggest deals ever made of any kind. Big even by the standards of some of the people here -- the deal with China. But I think that they want to get to the bottom of things also. We're working -- our drug companies, our pharmaceutical companies are working very closely with China and with India, as you know, and with -- all over the world.

And they're all over the world. These are magnificent companies that are very, very knowledgeable. And it's -- we're very lucky to have them, because I think you're going to come up with -- whether it's therapeutic or whether it's just help -- helping getting better. And then ultimately, a vaccine, which takes a little bit longer because of the test periods and a couple of other reasons.

You're going to have it very quickly because of the great knowledge. And they'll have it very quickly. They've made a tremendous amount of progress. Thank you all very much. We appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you very much.