Thank you very much. Thank you. Today I'd like to provide you with an update in our war against the coronavirus. Thanks to our comprehensive strategy and extraordinary devotion to our citizens -- we've had such tremendous support all over -- we continue to see encouraging signs of progress.

Cases in New York area, New Orleans, Detroit, Boston, and Houston are declining. Denver, Seattle, Philadelphia, Washington, D.C., Atlanta, Nashville, Indianapolis, and St. Louis are all stable and declining. All parts of the country are either in good shape, getting better. In all cases, getting better. And we're seeing very little that we're going to look at as a superseding hotspot. Things are moving along. Really, a horrible situation that we've been confronted with, but they're moving along.

As we express our gratitude for these hard-fought gains, however, we continue to mourn with thousands of families across the country whose loved ones have been stolen from us by the invisible enemy. We grieve by their side as one family -- this great American family. And we do grieve.

We also stand in solidarity with the thousands of Americans who are ill and waging a brave fight against the virus. We're doing everything in our power to heal the sick and to gradually re-open our nation, and to safely get our people back to work. They want to get back to work, and they want to get back to work soon. There's a hunger for getting our country back, and it's happening, and it's happening faster than people would think.

Ensuring the health of our economy is vital to ensuring the health of our nation. These goals work in tandem. They work side by side.

It's clear that our aggressive strategy to slow the spread has been working and is saving countless lives. For those who are infected, we have taken unprecedented action to ensure they have the highest level of care anywhere in the world. The federal government has built more than 11,000 extra beds, shipped or delivered hundreds of millions of pieces of personal protective equipment, as you know -- in fact, some of the people here are going to be talking about it; some of our greatest executives -- some of the greatest anywhere in the world -- and distributed over 10,000 ventilators.

And we now have, in a very short period of time -- many have been delivered, and hundreds of thousands are being built. And frankly, every governor has more ventilators right now than they know what to do with. They're actually shipping them to different locations, and we're shipping some to our allies and others throughout the world, because we have ventilators like -- the job that they've done in getting this very complex piece of equipment built is actually incredible. You don't hear about ventilators anymore except in a positive way.

We've launched the most ambitious testing effort, likewise, on Earth. The United States has now conducted more than 5.4 million tests -- nearly double the number tested in any other country. More than twice as much as any other country. Think of that.

Moments ago, I came from a meeting with some of our nation's largest retailers, including Walmart, Walgreens, CVS, Rite Aid, and Kroger. We're joined by leaders of those great companies. And we also have with us the leaders from the world's top medical diagnostics companies and suppliers: Thermo Fisher, LabCorp, Quest, U.S. Cotton, and the American Clinical Laboratory Association. These are great -- great companies.

These private-sector leaders, along with others such as Roche, Abbott, Becton Dickinson, Hologic, and Cephe-- Cepheid, have been exceptional partners in an unprecedented drive to expand the states' capabilities and our country's capabilities. The job they've done has been incredible. The testing that's been developed and being developed right now has been truly an amazing thing.

I want to thank Abbott Laboratories for the job they've done. I want to thank Roche. And in particular, those two have really stepped forward. Abbott with a five-minute test that people can take, and in five minutes they know what the -- what the answer is.

I'd like to ask, if I could, the executives of these great companies -- and they are -- they have really helped us a lot over the last 45-day period. We're talking about a 45-day period when many of us met. And since then, what Walmart and the others have done has been nothing short of amazing.

So I just want to ask them to come forward and say a few words about their company. Plus, they're going to make a big contribution to our country.

Please. Come forward, please. Thank you.

Thank you.

Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Please, go ahead. Please.

Thank you very much. Great job.

Thank you very much. Great job.

Thank you very much. Great job. Thank you.

Great job. Thank you very much.

Thank you very much. Thank you.

Thank you, Doug. Great job. Thank you.

Thank you very much.

So thank you all very much. It's incredible what we've done together over a short period of time. I want to thank our Vice President for the task force and the work. Every day, it gets better.

And we had a fantastic goal with the governors today, and I would say that they are as -- as thrilled as they can be, considering that the fact is that there has been so much unnecessary death in this country. It could have been stopped and it could have been stopped short, but somebody a long time ago, it seems, decided not to do it that way. And the whole world is suffering because of it -- 184 countries at least.

But I want to thank all of these great businessmen and women for the job they've done. They have been fantastic with us, working with us. And, as you know, for several weeks, my administration has encouraged the governors to leverage unused testing capacity in states. Very few understood that we have tremendous capacity.

Then, one week ago, we provided each governor with a list of names, addresses, and phone numbers of the labs where they could find additional testing capacity in their states. Within 48 hours, the number of tests performed across the country began to absolutely skyrocket.

On Saturday alone, more than 200,000 test results were reported, which is a gigantic number -- bigger than any country anywhere in the world for a much longer period of time; a number that is an increase earlier in the month when we tested roughly less than 100,000 a day. So we much more than doubled it, and that will be doubling again very shortly.

We are continuing to rapidly expand our capacity and confident that we have enough testing to begin reopening. And the reopening process -- we want to get our country open. And the testing is not going to be a problem at all. In fact, it's going to be one of the great assets that we have.

Today we're releasing additional guidance on testing to inform the states as they develop their plans for a phased and very safe reopening. Our blueprint describes how states should unlock their full capacity, expand the number of testing platforms, establish monitoring systems to detect local outbreaks, and conduct contact tracing. We have it all.

Other countries are calling to find out what are we doing and how do you do it. And we're helping them. We're dealing with a lot of countries, helping them on testing, just like we did on the ventilators.

I directed our Medicare program to make it easier for seniors to get the testing that they need. And the pharmacies -- as you know, we are allowing pharmacies now to do testing. And we have other testing locations that we're going to be allowing also, but having pharmacies get involved in testing is a very big deal. We're also asking governors to do the same in their Medicaid program. So they're going to be able and authorized to do the same in Medicaid. So it's a big -- that's a big deal.

So we're deploying the full power and strength of the federal government to help states, cities -- to help local government get this horrible plague over with and over with fast. There's tremendous energy in our country right now. There's energy like people haven't seen in a long time -- a spirit that they have not seen. And we're doing very well -- very well -- considering what happened to us and considering if you look at what happened to others.

This is something that the world has not seen for a long, long time. You can probably go back to 1917, where it was a terrible period of time. You all know what happened in 1917. That's over 100 years ago.

With that, I'd like to introduce, if I might -- Dr. Birx, if you could come up. And then, Admiral, you'll come up. And between the two of you, you'll explain the entire process and how much progress we've made and where we're going.

Thank you very much. Thank you.

Very good. Thank you. Good job.

Admiral, please.

Thank you very much. Thank you. Great job. Thanks, Brett.

Okay. So with that, we're here to answer some questions, and Mike is up here also. So, we'll answer.

Steve, please go ahead.

Well, we want them to do it. We recommend that they do it as quickly as possible, but safely. We want everyone to be safe. And I think you're seeing that. You're seeing a lot of governors get out and they want to open it up. Many are thinking about their school system. Not a long way to go in the school system right now for this season, for this year, but I think you'll see a lot of schools open up even if it's for a very short period of time. I think it would be a good thing.

Because, as you see, in terms of what this vicious virus goes after, young people seem to do very well. Young people seem to do very well.

So I know that there are some governors that aren't necessarily ready to open up their states, but they may be ready to open up their school systems. We'll see. But that's their choice. But the word is "safety." Okay? Rapid, but safety.

Yeah, please. Go ahead, please.

Yeah.

Well, I think it's a very unfair question because you have many great professionals, some of them you have great respect for, and you have many people in the other party -- you mention Alex Azar, but you have many people in the other party that have said the same thing and with even more confidence. So a lot of people didn't get that right.

I was -- I was very fortunate, whether it was through luck or whatever, that we closed the border. We put a ban on China -- other than our citizens coming in. We had our citizens -- you can't keep out American citizens. You know, "Gee, you can't come back into your country." That's a little tough to do.

But we put a ban on China that was very fortunate. But I could tell you that Nancy Pelosi was dancing in the streets in Chinatown. She wanted to go, "Let's go out and party." That was late into February. So you don't mention that, but you could mention that.

Go ahead. Any other? Please, go ahead.

Yeah, please. Stand up.

You -- you should have no complaints.

Please.

Well, I can only say what we're doing. We're reporting very accurately. If you look at other countries, other countries are not. I mean, you can look at China. You can look at numerous countries where I don't think those are right numbers.

I can only say what we're doing. It's very important to us to do very accurate reporting, and that's what we're doing.

Jon, go ahead. Please.

Thank you. Please.

Yeah.

Well, I just came out and I hadn't heard. I heard there was a glitch. We'll find out whether or not that's so. Certainly it did work out very well for the original amount of money. This is the second amount. And I'll find out about that. We'll find -- we're relying on the banks to go out and do an accurate job.

Yeah, please. In the back.

Well, I wouldn't mind doing that. I don't know what the legal status of something like that -- I would like to do that, as far as I'm concerned. I'm not involved in that process, but I would certainly like to have it listed. I'd have to find out if there's a legal problem. But if there isn't, I would do it gladly.

Please.

Well, Charlie, there are a lot of ways you can hold them accountable. We're doing very serious investigations, as you probably know. And we are not happy with China. We are not happy with that whole situation because we believe it could have been stopped at the source, it could have been stopped quickly, and it wouldn't have spread all over the world. And we think that should have happened. So we'll let you know at the appropriate time, but we are doing serious investigations.

Well, we've already discussed that, and especially having to do with medical supplies and others -- and others. If you look prior to this virus, the deficit was coming way down under my administration because I put massive tariffs on China. We took in tens of billions of dollars. Gave some of it to the farmers who were unfairly targeted by China. Nobody has ever done that before. We never took in 10 cents from China.

Now, all of a sudden, I think you know very well, we've taken in tens of billions of dollars. I helped the farmers by giving them, two years ago, $12 billion -- all coming from China -- and we had plenty leftover too. And then the following year, $16 billion. And this year, we're also going to help our farmers. But nobody has ever done a thing like that. Because they were targeted unfairly by China.

So we're doing a very strong investigation, and we'll let you know what the result of that is. We should be able to get the answers too.

Go ahead. Please.

Yeah, we're looking very much and reliant very much on the local areas, the governors. And that's been the way it has been for me, maybe not for everybody. But for me, that's the way it's been at the beginning and from the beginning.

The governors -- some of them -- are doing an extraordinary job. Not all of them, but some of them. And I think all of them maybe hasn't have a chance to do that. Some will be a little bit different. The areas are much different. Manhattan is much different than Montana. You have a lot of different circumstances, but -- and obviously, if you look at the virus, it hits some areas. Hasn't hit very much other areas, not even at all. Almost not at all.

But the entire country has been infected. West Virginia -- as an example, I spoke to Jim Justice, the governor of West Virginia, and they were along before anything hit and they had numerous deaths, even in West Virginia. And they were really the last one to be hit.

So we're dealing with the governors. We had a really great call today, as I told you. Very, very solid. These are -- these were not complaining people. These were people that were -- they had everything they needed. They had their ventilators. They have their testing. They see their testing is growing. They're growing their testing. We're helping them. We're getting them what they need. And that was a group -- I wish -- I mean, I'm sure some of you were on the line, even though supposed to be. And I think you know what the result you weren't of that call was.

Please, go ahead.

Well, we can do something much easier than that. We have ways of doing things a lot easier than that. But Germany is looking at things and we're looking at things. And we're talking about a lot more money than Germany is talking about.

Yeah, please go ahead.

We haven't determined the final amount yet.

It's very substantial. If you take a look at the world -- I mean, this is worldwide damage. This is damage to the U.S., but this is damage to the world.

Yeah, please.

Well, you'd have to ask Attorney General Barr, but I think he wants to see -- like everybody, he wants to see people get back and wants to see people get back to work. He doesn't want people to be held up when there's no reason for doing it. In some cases, perhaps it's too strict. He wants to make sure people have their rights and they maintain their rights, very importantly.

So a lot of people would agree with him. But you'd actually have to ask that question specifically, from a legal standpoint, to Attorney General Barr.

It would depend on the state. It would depend on the circumstances of the state. I mean, some states are, you know, perhaps a little early, and some states are a little bit late. And the Attorney General -- I read that and I saw that -- and, frankly, the Attorney General doesn't want to have rights taken away. Because, you know, there are some people, they're not allowed to open up a store or -- you know, they're going to lose their livelihood.

And, by the way, that causes death also, between all of the things that happen. And this has been a big study. You know, the fact that people aren't allowed to have their freedom causes a tremendous amount of problems, including death. So that's what he's talking about.

Please, in the back.

I can't imagine why. I can't imagine why. Yeah.

No, I don't. No, I can't imagine -- I can't imagine that.

Yeah, go ahead, please.

Well, that -- it doesn't really matter what they say there -- and we just left him; we just had a meeting --but -- because we're going to have much more than double it very soon.

Now, there are big believers in testing, and then there are some governors that don't feel as strongly about it at all. You understand that. They feel much differently about it.

But we're going with maximum testing, because it's something we're very capable of doing. But we'll be much more than doubled.

You know, Mike, I'd like you to answer that. We're going to be much higher than doubled on testing very shortly.

Mike, please.

Go ahead, Jon.

I think it's very important to know -- and this you can get from any other country, I think, if they're being honest -- not only do we have the most testing in the world by far, but we have, by far, the best testing.

OAN, please. Go ahead.

I will only say this: I think that General Flynn is a wonderful man. He had a wonderful career. And it was a disgrace what happened to General Flynn. Let's see what happens now. But what happened to General Flynn should never happen again in our country. What happened to other people should never happen again in our country. What happened to your President of the United States should never again be allowed to happen.

Go ahead, please.

I don't know. But I can tell you the third and the fourth quarter, in particular, are going to be, I think, spectacular. We were talking about it with the executives. I think we're going to have a phenomenal third quarter. Nobody, you know, except one country, can be held accountable for what happened. Nobody is blaming anybody here. We're looking at a group of people that should have stopped it at the source.

But -- so what happens in second, happens in second. What we are doing is -- I think we're going to have -- you're going to see a big rise in the third, but you're going to see an -- an incredible fourth quarter, and you're going to have an incredible next year.

I think you're going to have a recovery. Look, I built -- they were just telling me inside, and it's fact -- I built the greatest economy -- with the help of 325 million people, I built the greatest economy in the history of the world. And one day, because of something that should have never been allowed to happen, we had to close our country, we had to close our economy.

I built it. We had the best employment numbers and the best unemployment numbers for Hispanic American, for African American, for Asian American, for everybody -- best stock market numbers. And, by the way, the stock market was up very substantially today and people are seeing a lot of good things. A lot of very smart people investing in the stock market right now. It's at 24,000 -- approximately 24,000.

And if you would've said, with a tragedy that this country had to endure and go through, with all of the death and the people that died and were so badly hurt by what happened, and you can only say God bless them -- but if you would've said that our country would be in the position we're in now -- we're ready to move forward.

We'll never forget loved ones. We'll never forget these great people that sacrifice for a reason of incompetence or something else other than incompetence. What happened at a point where they could have protected the whole world -- not just us, the whole world.

But we had the greatest economy ever in the history of our world, and I had to turn it off in order to get to a point where we are today. And now we're making a comeback. And I think we're going to have, economically -- from an economic standpoint, next year -- an unbelievable year. And I think that you're going to see a fantastic fourth quarter, and the third quarter will start to build. But the second quarter, obviously, you're going to have GDP lack of growth.

I'm looking at the head of Walmart. What a job Walmart has done in going through something. I mean, they were -- they were doing yeoman's work, including getting us millions of -- of, really, very, very protective outfits. And -- and -- I mean, the job that Doug and Walmart did was incredible. Millions of outfits. And those are high quality. I've seen them. Those a high quality. That's what we need.

So people have stepped up to the plate. I think we're going to have a really good -- I think it's good to start building. I think it's going to build fast. I think it'll be a tremendous, tremendous comeback.

And, you know, so I say I built the greatest economy -- with all of the people that helped me and all of the people in this country, we built the greatest economy the world has ever seen. And we're going to do it again. And it's not going to be that long. Okay?

Yes, please. Go ahead.

Well, we're looking at that, and it depends on how long it's taken Europe to heal. Italy is starting to make a comeback. I'm very happy to see that, with my friend, the Prime Minister. He's -- it's tragic what went on in Italy and Spain and France and Germany, frankly, and every -- every country over there. It's tragic. But we'll be looking at what's happening in Europe. And certainly, we want to do that and they want to do it too. They want to do it very badly.

Yeah.

Say it?

On Kim Jong Un? I can't tell you exactly. Yes, I do have a very good idea, but I can't talk about it now. I just wish him well. I've had a very good relationship with Kim Jong Un.

If I weren't President, you'd be in war. You would've been in war with Korea. You would have been in war with North Korea if I wasn't President -- that, I can tell you. He expected that -- that, I can tell you.

I -- I hope he's fine. I do know how he's doing, relatively speaking. We will see. You'll probably be hearing in the not-too-distant future.

All right. One or two more. Go ahead, please.

Yeah.

I never even thought of changing the date of the election. Why would I do that? November 3rd. It's a good number. No, I look forward to that election.

And that was just made-up propaganda -- not by him, but by some of the many people that are working, writing little statements. I see all the time: "Statement made... " You say, "So, statement made per Joe Biden." Sleepy Joe. He didn't make those statements, but somebody did. But they said he made it. No, let him know I -- I'm not thinking about it at all. Not at all.

Go ahead. In the back, please. Please.

Oh, I don't know. I haven't seen the report. I haven't seen the report.

Yeah, please. Go ahead.

He didn't say anything last Saturday.

Nobody -- nobody knows where he is, so he obviously couldn't have said it. If you have a -- this is breaking news.

That Kim Jong Un made a statement on Saturday, I don't think so.

Okay, go ahead. Let's do -- let's do one more. Please, in the back.

So, yeah, we've lost a lot of people. But if you look at what original projections were -- 2.2 million -- we're probably heading to 60,000, 70,000. It's far too many. One person is too many for this.

And I think we've made a lot of really good decisions. The big decision was closing the border or doing the ban -- people coming in from China -- obviously, other than American citizens, which had to come in. Can't say, "You can't come in. You can't come back to your country."

I think we've made a lot of good decisions. I think that Mike Pence and the task force have done a fantastic job.

I think that everybody working on the ventilators -- you see what we've done there -- have done unbelievable. The press doesn't talk about ventilators anymore. They just don't want to talk about them and that's okay. But the reason they don't want to talk -- that was a subject that nobody would get off of. They don't want to talk about them.

We're in the same position on testing. We are lapping the world on testing. And the world is coming to us. As I said, they're coming to us, saying, "What are you doing? How do you do it?" And we're helping them.

So, no, I think we've done a great job. And one person -- I will say this: One person is too many.

Thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you.