He keeps all these people waiting all this time.

Well, thank you very much, everybody, for being here. That's quite a scene driving up. You see that kind of destruction, actually incredible. To see that is incredible. The power of nature, nothing you can do about it, but you got to get a little bit better crew and to do a better job than has been done by the White House.

It's been not good, not good. I'm here today in western North Carolina to express a simple message to the incredible people of the state. I'm with you, and the American people are with you all the way. We're going to continue to be with you. We'll see what happens with the election and we're -- on January 20th, you're going to have, I think, a new crew coming in to do it properly and help you in a proper manner.

To every family that lost loved one or a loved one, this terrible storm, we ask God to give you strength and comfort and peace. You will have comfort and peace. It's been a terrible ordeal, and this area was hit about as hard as anybody has ever seen. To all those homes -- and your homes have been destroyed.

Many of you are rebuilding, and many of you are going to just start all over again. And the communities were ravaged and destroyed. We're praying for you, and we will not forget about you. We will never forget about you. We're going to be working with you for a long time to come to get it back together.

When I'm president, I will stand with you until the communities are fully rebuilt. Every single inch of every property will be fully rebuilt greater and more beautiful than it was before. You're going to have better. What happened to this neighborhood and the communities all across North Carolina, South Carolina, Florida, Alabama, Virginia, Tennessee was an act of absolute devastation.

Helene's vicious flood waters tore wives from the arms of their husbands. Mudslides buried the entire families -- and buried entire families. Grandparents died alongside their grandchildren. Homes, towns, farms, roads, bridges, schools throughout the region, they now lie in ruin. So beautiful -- so beautiful -- an area so beautiful it was, but it will be more beautiful.

But you can never forget the death. Ay, the death -- all of America shares your sorrow and your grief. Over the past few weeks, this region has seen an extraordinary hardship, but in the midst of such terrible tragedy, we have also seen the extraordinary love that binds us together as Americans. And it does indeed.

I want to thank our great first responders. I -- they've never let us down. They never -- this was a tough one, but they never let us down. And the emergency personnel who leapt into action with such great heroism, including the incredible firefighter and his nephew who lost their lives trying to save their neighbors.

A lot of heroes really developed with this. They'll be talked about for a long time to come. They will not be forgotten. Thanks also to the many wonderful charities and service organizations that have become so familiar to so many. The burden of the response has been incredible. In the wake of this horrible storm, many Americans in this region felt helpless and abandoned and left behind by their government.

And yet, in North Carolina's hour of desperation, the American people answered the call much more so than your federal government, unfortunately. Citizens poured into western North Carolina from all over the country, bringing food, water, fuel, medical aid, even helicopters. And their own rescue standards started, and they started at a very high level.

Incredible what they've done. Having no experience, they learned very quickly, but they've helped so much. Nothing is more inspiring than to see the American spirit triumph over adversity with the most selfless acts of generosity and love. One of the patrons who stepped forward to help was Adam Smith, a former Green Beret.

Adam transformed the parking lot of a Harley-Davidson dealership into a makeshift air base to help distribute supplies. Did an incredible job, Adam. What an amazing act of citizenship and service. And I think Adam might be here. Where's Adam? Adam, come on up here. Say a few words, Adam. Thank you very much.

Thank you very much. Thank you. Great job. I've seen him on television quite a bit. What a job you've done? Thank you.

Yes. Thank you.

Oh, that's beautiful. Thank you very much.

Thank you.

Thank you very much. I'm going to save that.

Thank you. Please.

Thank you very much. Thanks, Adam. Great job.

Great job.  Thank you very much. We're also joined by Brian Burpeau, owner of Diamondback 4x4 where we are today. And, Brian, you have a very interesting story to tell. Do you mind telling it?

Thank you very much.

You won't be.

You won't be.

We'll get it done. We'll get it done.

Great job. And Mike Stewart, the owner of Pine View Buildings is here. Mike. Mike, please. How are you?

Good job.

Come here. Come here.  I never heard anything -- and that was from the heart. No speechwriter could write that good, right?

Yes.

Yes, please.

Wow. Wow, that's something. You don't hear that often. It's incredible, and I appreciate that from both and from everybody. That's really nice. I would -- I would like to thank some of the people that have come: Senator Ted Budd, who's been so fantastic, a great senator and become a very popular senator, highly -- highly respected in Washington, D.

C. And he's here. And I'd like him just to say a couple of words. Ted, if you don't mind, please, come on up.

Thank you.

Thank you, Ted. Great job.  Interestingly, I came actually right after the storm. I'd like you to know that. And I came to North Carolina, but this was so rough, so bad we couldn't come in. Didn't want to come in actually because I want you to do what you had to do. I didn't want to be in anybody's way, but we were in North Carolina immediately right after the storm.

First -- first one. And I said, "You've got to let them just work for a little while." And believe it or not, a lot of progress has been made. You look at how it is, hard to believe, but a lot of progress has been made. So, it was an honor to -- to be here very early. Thank you very much. Also, along with the senator, who really has been doing fantastically well -- I'm proud of him.

Representatives Chuck Edwards and Virginia Foxx. OK. Where's Chuck?

Please.

Thank you very much.

That's really nice. Thank you very much.

Good job.  Well, thank you very much. Tim Moore is here. You're a very special House speaker, and he's been a great friend of mine for a long time. And thank you very much for -- for -- where are you, Tim?

Come on. Say a couple of words.

Thank you. Great job.  And Shane Hilliard, you're wonderful Sheriff. Appreciate it, huh? Great job. You've been busy, I guess a little bit, huh? A little bit busier than you're supposed to be.

Thank you, Sheriff. And a friend of ours, Linda McMahon, who's been incredible. She was in charge of the small business group in Washington. And it was actually a big business, and she did incredibly. They told me the other day you were the best there ever was at that, and we appreciate it very much.

Great job. Thank you very much, Linda. I also want to thank everyone who supported the GoFundMe. We set it up right after the storm left, almost immediately. And I authorized a lot of people to help. And those affected by Hurricane Helene were badly affected, and nothing can really take -- really make amends for what happened, especially when it came to the death.

The property, you're going to end up having bigger and better and nicer and everything, but the death was horrendous. And to date, we raised $8 million, of which 7 million has been distributed to the various charities that are helping you. And the rest is going to go. And if you people have some recommendations, I'd like to have them.

We helped Franklin Graham. He's done such a great job and some of the others that have done a great job. And if you have recommendations, I'd like to have them because we have more coming, and we have more already in the till. So, we raised $8 million, which is great. That's contributions from a lot of great people, OK? But give us -- give us those recommendations, if you would.

I'd like to take them and do it the way you'd like to do, right? Thank you very much. We've distributed these funds directly to the organizations already. And there's going to be a lot of additional funds coming, I believe. Today, I'm promising the people of this state that when I'm president -- if I'm President -- I feel better saying that because you never want to take something like that for granted.

I feel actually a little bit better. They always say, "Oh, please, please. Don't say that, sir. Say when." We have to vote, and they have to get out and vote. And we can't have four more years of what we've just had. That I can tell you. But I will support and totally complete the rebuilding of every region and town and city that was devastated by the hurricane.

And I will slash through every bureaucratic barrier that you're having already and having problems with right now -- I understand pretty badly -- to help you get back on your feet. And I will personally recruit businesses from all over the world to help restore the prosperity to the region. They'll be moving in.

There are going to be a lot of businesses. Businesses are going to be moving back to our country through the proper use of taxation, incentives, and tariffs, one of the most beautiful words that nobody understands or very few people understand. He understands it. But we're going to be using tariffs and good proper taxation.

And very importantly, incentives. And we're going to have a lot of people moving back to your state and this region. But your state, they're going to be very interested in North Carolina. We'll stop throwing our money overseas, and we're going to let our country benefit. We're going to put America first.

It's time we put America first. We've been helping countries for 50 years. We've been helping them for 50 years, never stops. And when we need help from them, they're not there. So, that's the way it is. But it's vital that we not let this hurricane that has taken so much also take your voice. You must get out and vote.

The polls are open for early voting every day between now and November 2nd. And, you know, the thing that amazes me most is areas such as this and others where there's -- it's so hard to vote. People have lost their homes. They've sometimes lost members of their family. Do you know they've set a record in voting? Can you believe it? I mean, last year, everything was beautiful, perfect, no problem.

They beat -- last year, they beat -- they beat every record and presidential records, too. Your voting records have all been beaten. And people -- I don't know. I don't even know where they're living. Their house is gone and -- and they were standing in line ready to vote. So, you have -- you have amazing -- you have amazing people here, Michael.

Really amazing. One of them is Michael Whatley. He was the head of your Republican Party. He was so good and did such a great job. We won the state twice, but he did such a great job. I said, "That's the guy I want," because he was very, very much into stopping the steal. We don't want the steal. We want a fair election, an honest election, and you got it here.

He actually hired 603 lawyers. Can you imagine that? And I said, "Who's that guy? That's the guy I want." And now, he heads the whole party, the whole shebang. And now, I can blame him if something happens, and I'll say, "Well, I made a mistake." I'll send him back. I'll send him back, but I don't think that's going to happen based on what we're hearing from early returns, which are really phenomenal.

The early returns are phenomenal. If you had to relocate because of the storm, you do not have to return to your home. County, you can request a ballot for your temporary housing location, but you need to make sure you do it today. Today is your last day. So, get out and get that done and vote. But so far, you've really been -- I don't have to talk to anybody.

They're setting -- literally setting records with this kind of devastation. I think it's an amazing tribute. That's an amazing tribute that -- that something like that could happen. So, to everyone here in North Carolina, we love you. Together, we'll pull it through. We -- we bless you, and God bless you, and God bless America.

We're going to -- we're going to make our -- our nation stronger and better, more beautiful, and a more joyful. To use a phrase from somebody else that doesn't really believe it -- but we're going to make it a more joyful place. We're going to do things that nobody thought were possible. We're going to have -- we're going to have our country back.

We're going to grab our country. We're going to take it back. We're a nation in decline. We're not going to be a nation in decline for much longer. That I can tell you. And we're going to make America great again. Very simple. It's a very simple slogan. It's the greatest movement in the history of our country.

We are going to make America great again. I'd like to ask, if I might, Michael Whatley to come up and say a few words. He's been working about 29 hours a day, I would say on average, right? He's been working very hard. And please come up and say a few words, Mike.

Linda, would you say a few words? Linda McMahon.

Thank you, Linda.  Do you have any questions, please?

Please.

Well, I would be in favor of it. Yeah. This is a very unusual situation, and I would be in favor of it. Now, you know, in theory, they're supposed to have it, but they spent a lot of money on bringing illegal migrants, people that came into our country illegally. And taking them in and all of the money they've spent, numbers that nobody can even believe.

So, they don't have any money for the people that live here. They got hit by one of the worst storms -- possibly the worst storm ever, but one of the worst storms in the history of our country. And it's a shame because they should have the money. They spent money that I don't believe they're supposed to be spending for that, as you know.

So, I think it's a disgrace what happened with FEMA, what's happened with their rescue effort. Their rescue effort was almost nonexistent. And, by the way, I want to thank a man who was really incredible. When I came here -- close to here, but not -- I couldn't come here because it was not the appropriate thing as I told you.

But I got to know a couple of people from North Carolina, officials that were terrific, doing a very good job, very much involved. And they said, "Do you know Elon Musk?" I said, "I happen to know the gentleman. What's your problem?" "Do you think you could get Starlink?" I said, "What is Starlink? Explain to me."

That was communication because, as you know, your communication, I see the poles all ripped down all over. You had almost no communication here. And I said, "So, what do you need?" He said, "We need Starlink, and we can't get it. There's nobody that knows anything about how to get it." So, I called Elon and literally -- actually estranged before I hung up, they called that man that I spoke to.

I said, "Elon, I just asked you and we're still on the phone. How'd you do that?" So, he did -- I don't think he wanted to tell me, but it was pretty amazing. And he got it here really in record time. There was some delays that shouldn't have happened on behalf of the federal government, but that was straightened out.

But he had Starlink here, and your communications went from nonexistent to probably almost better than what it was before. And so, I want to thank Elon Musk for having done a great job. He took care of a very important need, probably saved -- Ted, probably saved a lot of lives because this was really an emergency.

And you had it -- you had it here like almost instantly. It's very hard to get, too. It's been pretty popular and very hard to get. Thank you.

Right.

Well, I'm not hearing the good things about the governor here like I'm hearing about the governor in Georgia as an example. I'm hearing the governor in Georgia has done a very good job, and I -- I don't really know the governor here, but I'm not hearing that he's done a very good job. So, that's the only thing I can say.

And certainly, you have all heard the same stories that we all hear, that FEMA has done a very poor job. Our FEMA, when we had a problem, we -- we did record rescues and we -- the job that FEMA did under the Trump administration was really incredible. But they had spent -- in all fairness to FEMA, they had spent hundreds of millions of dollars doing other things, things that I don't think bear any relationship to this money.

That was -- they were not supposed to be spending the money on taking in illegal migrants maybe so they could vote in the election because that's a lot of people are saying that's why they're doing it. I don't know. I hope that's not why they're doing it. So, they really didn't have any money. They don't have very much money.

And now, they're saying, can we have a special vote? Let's have a special session. I'm in favor of that. But somebody has to get back to why did they spend hundreds of millions of dollars on something that they were not supposed to be spending it on? OK.

Look, voting is the least of it right now. They got to vote. They want to vote because it's very important, but they have to survive. That's why I can't believe the early voting. I mean, the early voting is records. I can't -- you know, when they told me that, I was shocked. I got a call from Michael Whatley.

He said, "Sir, you're not going to believe this, but they're setting records in North Carolina voting." And it's just that they're great people. I mean, they lost their house, and they're standing outside voting. So, obviously, we want them to vote, but we want them to live and survive and be happy and healthy because this is really a tragedy. It's really something. Yeah?

No, I think in a way it's the opposite. I mean, we're so impressed. And I think they have a pretty good system here, and Michael Whatley was responsible to a certain extent. And the new people that took Michael's place, I think -- I have not heard any complaints about that. I mean, the amazing thing is they've come from nobody even knows.

Everybody knows them, and it was like they have no home. They stayed in the woods. I heard cases where they're staying in the woods because they wanted to vote. And then they voted, and then they went wherever they went. And they're going to come back hopefully and rebuild. And hopefully, I'll be the one that helps them rebuild, and we'll help them.

But no, these are incredible people, incredible spirit and heart. Very few people -- I mean, who would do that? It's a great state, really great state.

I don't know if it helped. I -- I don't even like to think about it that -- I mean, it's a tragedy. It's a tragedy. But the fact that they'd come out and vote in record numbers is pretty amazing to me.

Yes.

Well, the first thing I'd say is, "We love you," because that's really something special, really. For them to do that, I was surprised. I figured we'd have 50 percent, 30 percent of the vote. We had record votes compared to the last elections, last presidential elections even. But compared to any election -- and, you know, you're reporting on it also.

I think you were probably surprised like I was. But I would just say, "You're special people." These are special people. These are people with heart. These are people that love your state. They love our country, very special people. I was -- I was -- I would have been -- I mean, honestly, I would have been happy if they -- if we had 50 percent.

How can it be possible? And these tend to be Trump areas. I mean, not to get too political, but they tend to be very Trump areas. And that the people would come out like that, I think it's a great sign. It's a great sign.

Well, I've seen some pretty bad devastation. I've seen -- I've seen the tornado devastations, and they're pretty incredible. This is much more spread out, but you would see a line like it was cut by a razor blade of a tornado that went through an area. And it was literally -- a foot left, it was perfect, and a foot right, it was down to dirt, big trees ripped out and thrown -- you know, miles away, the power of the tornado.

So, I've seen that. But that was a much narrower thing, but you certainly didn't want to be in the way of it. I've seen trailer parks where they were -- they weren't even -- they were there very nice and they were -- literally, there wasn't a thing left. The pipes were ripped out of the ground. So, I've seen some pretty bad ones. I've seen some really bad ones, yeah.

One second, please?

Well, climate change, you know, we want -- as I say, we want crystal clear, beautiful water, and we want clean air. And we had that during the Trump administration, but we also had the best job numbers in the history of our country. We weren't losing jobs. We won in terms of climate change because when you look at the rest of the world and you look at China and you look at the fact that they spent no money on climate change.

I mean, John Kerry goes over and he speaks to President Xi, and they yes him, yes him, yes him and then laughs at him as he leaves, and they do what they're doing. We spend a lot of money in this country. You know, we have to -- it's a double -- it's a double entendre. But you know what? I'll tell you what.

We had the best -- the cleanest air on record, and we had the cleanest water on record. And that's very important. And we also had the best economy in the history of our country. So, we had everything going well. And -- yeah. So, I'm very much into that, but I really focus on the water and the air, very important. Yes, ma'am, please.

Independent voters?

Oh, undecided. Well, it's hard to believe if you have undecided voters. I do hear about them, but you possibly do. But I think, look, if you believe in what's happening with the polls, if you believe in what's happened -- they have a new phenomenon now. The -- we'll call them the betting polls. I don't know if people are gambling on them.

I can't imagine that's a proper thing to do, but perhaps they are. But one of them just came out, I guess, the big one. We're 63 to 33, something like that. That's a pretty big margin. I don't know if they know what they're doing. I have no idea who they are, but it's a very big poll they quoted all the time on television.

And we're at 63, and they're in the 30s. Meaning they, meaning her. But I don't think she's qualified to be running. I really don't. And I think she is a threat to democracy -- our democracy, the way they took it away from Biden. And I'm not a fan of Biden, but remember this. He got 14 million votes.

She got no votes, and she was, in fact, the first one to quit out of 22 people. And she's running. So, you know, you would call that probably a threat to democracy. But we seem to be doing very well in -- in the polls. Thank you. Yeah, please.

Yes.

Well, I've gone 52 days without a day off, which all of these people would respect. But they do it the same because they're just like -- we're called workers, right? We're workers. For better or worse, we're workers. I don't know if it's the best thing. We didn't -- we didn't have to be. A lot of them didn't have to be.

I didn't have to be. I could have been on a beautiful beach, but I'd much rather be right here with you because we're going to turn the country around. Beyond the area, we're going to turn the whole country around. Look, my message is that I've been going full blast. Yesterday, you saw that. We had early in the morning till late in the evening, we left the football game.

We went to a McDonald's yesterday. That was quite a stop. That was quite a stop, though. We had thousands and thousands. They had 25,000 people around circling the -- the building. I wouldn't say that Secret Service was thrilled, but that's the way it is. It was -- it was a love fest, though. It was incredible and it just -- it did take off.

It took off. And then we did two more stops. We did a -- we did a town hall, big town hall with Sage and some people, and it was very successful. But no, the McDonald's stop was very unique. There's no question about that. They really -- they really -- I'm sure McDonald's liked it, but it was -- it just took off.

You know, you never know about life, and you never know what's good, what's bad. You do something that's going to be great, it's OK. And you do something that's supposed to be OK. This was supposed to be a routine stop, and it turned into a monster, but it was a beautiful monster. There was a lot of love.

I'll be doing the same thing. I'm going to be campaigning. I have no days off. So, I'll be going into the 60s or 70s in terms of no days off. I don't want a day off. We have to win. We have to win. We have to save our country. And we have to just make America great again. That's the message, and it's a simple message.

And everybody behind me believes in it just as strongly as I do. I know every one of these people either through who they are or what they do. I know every one of them. They're hardworking people. They're great people, and they love our country and the state. OK, maybe one or two more. Yes, please. Please.

I can't hear you. You have to speak louder.

There were already plans to get Starlink. Well, they didn't get it because all I know is a top official, who was working -- who happens to be a Republican, was very concerned that they didn't have any communication. And they weren't able to get Starlink. And I called Elon who endorsed me -- who gave me one of the most beautiful endorsements of anybody, frankly.

And he was -- you know, he's celebrating the launch and the landing of the most incredible landing of a rocket that I've ever seen. I called him up. I said, "Is that your rocket?" "Yep." I said, "Can Russia do that?" "Nope." And they won't be able to for a lot of years. And I said, "What about China?" "Nope, they can't do it."

What about the USA outside of you? "No, they can't do it either." No, he's a unique character, I'll tell you. He's great. He's great, a lot of spirit, a lot of -- and he's a -- certainly a brilliant guy. And we're lucky. But in this case, the Starlink, I've learned a lot about it. It's incredible. You don't need the wires; you don't need digging; you don't need anything.

It goes right up to a satellite and comes right back down. And he did a fantastic job. I don't know, maybe they were trying, but certainly he didn't know about it. Nobody knew about it. And, you know, obviously they weren't able to get it.

Yeah?

Well, I think you have to let people know how they're doing. If they were doing a great job, I think we should say that, too, because I think they should be rewarded. But if they're not doing, does that mean that if they're doing a poor job, we're supposed to not say it? These people are entitled to say it.

And these are honest people behind us. If FEMA were doing well, they would be saying they did a good job. They're not, for the most part, political people. For the most part, they're not political people. But you've obviously seen nothing but, you know, very bad statements coming out about the job that FEMA and this administration has done having to do with this area, North Carolina as a whole.

And by the way, other states also, they're also complaining. But look, a lot of the money is gone. They don't have any money. They have to have -- they have to have a meeting in Washington -- a special meeting in Washington to get money. It's all gone. They've spent it on illegal migrants. Many of them are murderers, many of them are drug dealers, many of them come out of mental institutions and insane asylums, and many of them are terrorists.

And they spent money to bring these people into our country, and they don't have money to take care of the people from North Carolina and other states. So, you know, I think you have to be able to speak. Does that mean let's not talk about it? Because by doing that, they'll do a better job the next time. It's very important. Yeah, one more question.

Well, I haven't. Unfortunately, I know the other side, and they are not good. But I have not seen. Michael, have you seen anything that looks suspicious or -- we're very early in the process but --

Let me ask you. Do you think I'll win North Carolina?

I think so. I think -- I think we're going to do good, and we have Lara. So, you know, Lara is a fantastic person, an unbelievably smart person, works with -- works with Michael and everybody else and knows everybody here, and she loves this state. They named their daughter, Carolina, so that's a pretty good -- that's off to a -- but she's fantastic.

So, Lara is here, and she's here in the state right now, working in another part of the state. But she loves this place, and she's got a big voice. He's got a big voice, a very smart person, a very good person. I want to thank everybody. We're going to another section, as you know, of North Carolina.

We're going to do two more. And so, maybe, we'll see you then. But I want to just thank all of the people behind me. They want to get back to work. And thank you, all, very much. Great. Thank you.

Beautiful words.

But he means it form the heart. That's even better.

He's great.  Thank you. Thank you, everybody.

Thanks, Tim. Good job.

Thank you.  Keep doing that television.

He looks good on television. He looks like the real deal, right?

Thank you. Thank you very much.

I haven't seen it. Thank you very much.