Well, thank you, Steve. And thank you, Brandon and Paul. It was very revealing what you said, and I appreciate it. And I think the whole country appreciates it. Kamala Harris was appointed border czar, as you know, in March of 2021. And since that time, millions and millions of illegal aliens have invaded our country, and countless Americans have been killed by migrant crime because of her willful demolition of American borders and laws.

Working together with Crooked Joe Biden, Kamala Harris supported a radical-left policy of nationwide catch and release, halting all deportations, ending Remain in Mexico, so important, shredding my Safe Third agreement, stopping the wall construction. We built hundreds of miles of wall. We had a little bit left to go, and we were going to add another 200 miles in addition.

And it was going to be finished in less than three weeks, and they didn't want to build it. That's when I first figured that they actually want open borders. Nobody could believe it. And also taking 93 executive actions to throw open our borders to the entire world. They took these executive actions.

Nobody could believe it. As a result of her dangerously extreme immigration policies, the largest invasion in history is now taking place at our southern border, and it's getting worse, not better. They gave it a Band-Aid a few weeks ago, but the Band-Aid has not been working at all. It's made it worse.

Last month, it was reported that more than 50 radical Islamic terrorists are loose in the United States after being let go through the open border, right through our open border. And Kamala and Joe Biden have no idea where they are, who they are, or anything about them. I don't think they even care. In her entire time as vice president and border czar, Kamala has reportedly never spoken to the chief of the Border Patrol.

And you can ask the two gentlemen right now. Probably, she's never spoken to him. She visited the border only a single time, far away from the epicenter of the invasion. You don't even call it a visit. She went to a place that has no problem and was there for a very short period of time. So, essentially, she never visited the border as we know it.

As a senator, Kamala Harris endorsed the radical-left crusade to dismantle ICE and ISIS. These are incredible patriots. These are brave, brave people, and very few people could do a job like that. And she wanted it dismantled. She compared our patriotic ICE agents to members of the KKK. She suggested they were members of the KKK.

She supports the total decriminalization of illegal border crossings and making illegal immigration the equivalent of a parking ticket. She raised her hand in favor of giving free taxpayer-funded health care to illegal aliens but not to our soldiers and our people that have served our country so brilliantly, so valiantly, who are living on the streets.

She supports mass amnesty and citizenship for all illegal aliens. She wants everybody to get amnesty, 100%, even if they're criminals, which will obliterate Medicare and Social Security for American seniors. That will be the end of Social Security and Medicare. Kamala Harris also voted in favor of deadly sanctuary cities, which shield illegal alien criminals, murderers, and gang members from deportation and arrest.

And as weak-on-crime prosecutor and sanctuary jurisdiction of San Francisco, Kamala refused to seek the death penalty against anybody no matter how devastating, whether it's MS-13 gang members. No matter how bad the killing was, the murder was, no matter what they did, she refused to have the death penalty.

And by the way, I was with a gentleman last night who's leaving San Francisco. A rich man, a successful man, a man that everybody knows very well. He's moving to Palm Beach, Florida, and I said, "Why?" He said, "You cannot live in San Francisco." "It's not livable," he said. I've never forgotten. I mean, it's not livable is a statement I won't forget.

Fifteen years ago, it was one of the greatest cities in the world. And today, they say it's not livable, and people are fleeing. And it's all I said, "Why?" He said, "She started it when she was the DA." She started it. She's destroyed San Francisco, which is a hell of a thing to do. If she becomes president, Kamala Harris will make the invasion exponentially worse.

And just like she did with San Francisco, just like she did with the border, our whole country will be permanently destroyed. So, I will terminate every open-borders policy of the Biden-Harris administration. On day one, I will seal the border, stop the invasion, and keep America safe. We will make America great again.

Thank you, all, very much. And Steven, if they want to take some questions, that's fine with me.

Yes. Bill Melugin.

Go ahead. We've got to get the name pronounced right, Bill.

Oh, yes, absolutely. I'd want to. I think it's important. I'm not thrilled about ABC because they're truly fake news. I watched last night, they're actually trying to make a hero out of Joe Biden when he was the worst president in history. And they were doing things like with Kamala, like what a wonderful thing it is that she is running like, you know, it's -- she is not the candidate that they should have.

You know it. I know it. We all know it. So, you know, I'm not thrilled with ABC. I guess they commit, but I have at least equal say. and I don't like the idea of ABC. I would be willing to do more than one debate actually.

Hi, Alex. Sure.

The answer is yes, I will be taking at least another trip or two trips or three trips, whatever is necessary. We have it figured out between Tom Homan, the two gentlemen on the phone right now, Brandon and Paul, and so many others. We have -- we have a lot of knowledge of the border. I've been there many times and built, as you know, hundreds of miles of wall.

As far as her as a candidate, I think it's probably similar. I noticed the polls are virtually identical. A poll came out a little while ago. I'm up 11 points, and I think I was up 10 points on Biden. She's the same as Biden but much more radical. She's a radical-left person. And this country doesn't want a radical-left person to destroy it.

She's far more radical than he is. She wants open borders. She wants things that nobody wants. She --you take a look at the car mandate, the electric car mandate, everything. Really, what you should do is take a look at San Francisco now compared to before she became the district attorney, and you'll see what she'll do to our country.

So, I think she should be easier than Biden because he was slightly more mainstream but not much. Thank you, Alex.

Oh, that's very good. Thank you.

Well, she ran for president, and she failed badly. She never even made it to Iowa. She started off -- she had a little name value and came from a large place, as you know, from California, and she had a little name value. And the name value didn't last long because she ended up dropping like a rock as soon as people got to know her.

She was decimated in debates by -- Tulsi, I know really hit her hard, and some others really hit her hard. And she was decimated in the debates. She was by far the nastiest to Joe Biden. That's why I was so surprised that he took her. There was nobody nastier than her. She played the race card at a level that you rarely see.

And she really was very nasty to him, and then he picked her. So, I don't get that exactly. Now, they act like they're great friends, but you don't really recover from that. I would not recover very easily from that. I wouldn't have picked her. I think she is going to be -- hopefully, frankly, for this country.

I think similar things are going to happen has happened to her before. She's been on the big stage. She started off at a high level for false reasons. Nobody really knew who she was. And within a period of four weeks and five, six weeks -- and she was decimated, and she never made it to Iowa, the first state.

And never even came close to me. She went down to practically zero. So, if she campaigns that way now, and this is only going to be tougher. Although, she does have a lot of support from the fake news. There's no question about that. But if she campaigns the way she campaigned then, you know, I suspect she won't be too tough. Thank you.

Hi, Henry. Sure.

Well, I haven't agreed to anything. I agreed to a debate with Joe Biden, but I want to debate her, and she'll be no different. I mean, because they have the same policies. I think debating is important for a presidential race. I really do. I think that you have to get -- you sort of have an obligation to debate if you're the candidate of the Republican Party.

It is a two-party system. I mean, you can't -- there's no such thing as three party in this system. It's just a two-party system, plain and simple, and it was designed that way. And that's the way it is. And I think if you're the Democrat nominee or the Republican nominee, you really have an obligation to debate. So, I think it's very important.

No, I'd do the same pick. He's doing really well. He's -- he's really caught on. And as to your first question, I'd be using local police, would use the local police. They know everything about the criminals. And you'd certainly start with the heavy-set criminals. Look, we have people that -- we have murderers being dropped in.

We have drug lords being dropped in. Our local police have to be allowed to do their job. They want to do their job. They're strong. They're smart. And they love our country, and they'll do a great job. They know their middle name. They know everything about them. And we'll work with the local police to root them out of the communities.

We have killers that have been left in and -- and, frankly, we have terrorists. Many terrorists have come in, too, so I would be working and we would be working with local police. We have to get the really bad element out as quickly as possible. And I'll be working with Paul and with Brandon with -- with Tom Homan and everybody.

And we'll -- we'll make the border safe again, and we'll get rid of the criminals that have been deposited in our country. Our country has become a dumping ground for criminals. And we will get them out and we'll get them out fast.

Hi, Diana. Hi. Thank you.

Well, Obama can't stand him, and he can't stand Obama. Obama had a part because he said he wasn't going to support him. Nancy Pelosi dumped him. They all dumped him, and they said either you get out nice or we're going to go after you. And that's what happened, and he -- he had no choice. There's no question about it.

And as you know, I have plenty of friends on the other side, too. And he had no choice. Look, he's been a horrible president. He's the worst president we've ever had. This call is about him because he allowed our borders to be open. We had among the best times we've ever had on the border. We -- I took over a bad situation with the border, but it was nothing compared to what it became under Biden.

And I was able to fix it. And we built the walls, and we did the Remain in Mexico, and all the different things. And we made it very good. And then I made it really good toward the end. In fact, the famous chart, which I fortunately -- I love that chart. The chart, the reason I looked to the right during the rally on Saturday, as you know, was to talk about that chart.

And that's a very important chart to me for a lot of reasons. But that chart shows that we had our lowest number ever in my last week, and that was done by Border Patrol. In my last week in office, we had the lowest number of illegals coming into our country ever. So, it's a -- it's one of those very sad things.

They told him to get out, you're not going to win. I was really beating him badly in the polls. I think it really started with the debate. The -- the debate was really his ending. He was not good at the debate, and I think I was good. I was -- some people say I was very good, but whether I was or not, he was not good.

And I think that was the end of Biden, frankly. And I think the -- the politicians, the -- you could call them elites in the party or you could call them the non-elites because I think they're generally non-elite. But the people in the party said, "You get out." They gave him a chance, and they said if you don't get out now, we're going to go after you. And that was it. He got out.