Well, thank you very much, everyone. Great honor to be here with my friend. I'm delighted to welcome President Macron back to the White House. We've been together quite often, but not that often in the White House. We honored the president, first lady of France not so long ago. It was a beautiful evening and we will not soon forget it. That was a beautiful day and evening, and many fond memories.

I also want to thank Emmanuel for hosting me in Paris last December after a historic election win, to witness the reopening of the spectacular Notre Dame Cathedral, where you did an outstanding job in bringing it back together. That was a sad day, watching that burn. And five years later, you had it up and it was, they say more beautiful than it was before, so I think that's a great achievement.

It was not easy. France is America's oldest ally. Our cherished partnership has been a force for freedom, prosperity and peace from the very beginning. We're now working on some very interesting developments. One, in particular, as you know, the war between Russia and Ukraine. In the American Revolution, French support helped us to seize our destiny as an independent nation.

In the first and second world wars, our citizens shed blood together on the battlefields of Europe. And I'll never forget joining President Macron six years ago in the 75th anniversary of D-Day. That was some day. The purpose of our meeting today is to end another battle, a really horrible one, a war, something that we haven't seen since the second world war, that is ravaging European soil, the deadliest and most destructive conflict that one can imagine.

I've seen the pictures. I've seen the satellite photos and lots of other photos and it's a horrible thing that's happening. Thousands of people are dying a week. This very day is the third anniversary of the invasion of Ukraine, which would never have happened if I was president. That was not going to happen.

The horrors of this gruesome and bloody war can scarcely be overestimated. Hundreds of thousands of people, Russians and Ukrainians in particular have needlessly died. An entire generation of Ukrainians and Russian men has been decimated. 1000-year-old cities have been turned into rubble. Those beautiful spires that you used to see there, they were most beautiful in the world, they say, are lying in heaps of rubble, blasted to smithereens.

And it's time to end this bloodletting and restore peace and I think we're going to do it. We've had some great conversations, including with Russia. Since my return to the White House, we've made more progress toward that goal in one month than occurred in the past three years. And I've spoken with both President Putin and President Zelenskyy.

And again, a lot of good things toward peace are happening, moving it, I think pretty quickly. Last week, Secretary of State Marco Rubio, National Security Advisor Michael Waltz and Special Envoy Steve Witkoff conducted successful talks in Saudi Arabia with the delegation from Russia. And I'd like to thank the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and the King and Mohammed, great people.

They're really working hard to get this done. Our focus is on achieving a ceasefire as soon as possible and ultimately a permanent peace. My meeting with President Macron today was another important step forward in that sphere. because he's been very much involved right from the beginning in trying to get it over with and we're going to get it done.

I believe that Emmanuel agrees with me on many of the most important issues. Chief among them is, this is the right time. It may be the only time. That's a very interesting and horrible situation and that could evolve into a third world war. We're not going to let that happen. Should have never started, but it did.

And what a mess, what a horrible bloody mess. I'm also pleased that President Macron agrees that the cost and burden of securing the peace must be borne by the nations of Europe, not alone by the United States. And Europe must take that central role in ensuring long-term security of Ukraine, which they want to do, and that's not a very big step.

A big step is what's going to happen over the next few weeks. The United States has put up far more aid for Ukraine than any other nation, hundreds of billions of dollars. We've spent more than $300 billion and Europe has spent about $100. $100 billion, that's a big difference and at some point, we should equalize, but hopefully we won't have to worry about that.

We have other things happening that maybe take that out of the realm of necessity. And while we've given vast amounts of military aid and money in form of grants, much of Europe's contribution has been economic relief structured as loans for which they'll be repaid. Like the Europeans, I believe that taxpayers and the United States also deserve to recoup the colossal amounts of money that we've sent.

The previous administration never even thought of that. They didn't think of a lot of things, like why did they let it start in the first place. That is why we must have an agreement with Ukraine on critical minerals and rare earths and various other things as security. And I think that that's happening.

I think we've made a lot of progress. I had a report just given to me before walking in, that we've made Emanuel a great deal of progress toward getting that. I've been elected by the American people to restore common sense to Washington and indeed to the world. And I believe strongly that it's in the best interests of the United States, the best interests in Europe, the best interests of Ukraine and indeed the best interests of Russia, to stop the killing now and bring the world to peace.

My administration is making a decisive break with the foreign policy failures of the past administration and frankly, the past. I ran against a very foolish foreign policy establishment and their recklessness has led to the death of many, many people. Under our administration, we're forging a new path that promotes peace around the world.

And when I left office for the first administration, first term, we had no wars. We had no problems. We didn't have October 7th with Israel. We didn't have Russia and Ukraine going at it. We didn't have the problems in other parts of the Middle East. We didn't have inflation. It was a whole different world.

And you know what else, we didn't have millions of people pouring through our borders, many of them criminals released from other nations and put right into our land, murderers and drug dealers, gangs. We didn't have any of that. It's a different time. But now we have it and we're fixing it. We'll fix it all up. We'll get it done as quickly as possible.

And we've made a great deal of progress. People are saying it was the best month for a president in our country's history. I hope that's right. But I feel it's right. We've done a lot of things in a very short period of time, four weeks. As I've said before, it's my hope that my greatest legacy, however, will be as a peacemaker and a unifier.

I want to bring peace, not war. I thank President Macron for joining us today in this urgent work we're doing. We have some wonderful people up front right here that have worked so hard. And Steve Witkoff, thank you very much. And Michael Waltz, thank you. Scott, thank you very much. And JD, thank you. They've really done a job.

They worked very hard. It's a real passion to get this war ended. And I'd like to now invite Emmanuel to say a few words and then we'll take questions. And again, Emmanuel, it's a great honor to have you with us at the White House. Thank you very much. Please.

Thank you, Emmanuel. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you again. OK, thank you very much. Brian, would you like to ask a question? Go ahead.

Well, I was honored by it. It was a big poll and it's usually a poll that leans on the other side of things, the other side of the world, so to speak. But the Harvard poll is a respected poll, and it has us not only leading but leading by a lot and leading on every single issue that we've talked about. And as I said, we've become the party of common sense, and I think that's a very important element now, common sense, because what's happening in the world and even in this country.

Some of the things that took place, many of them are now canceled and the rest are being canceled as we speak, but we've moved very rapidly, and I think very effectively. So, I was honored by that poll. Thank you very much. Appreciate it. Go ahead. Please, go ahead.

Yes, go ahead.

Yeah, I think the meeting in Saudi Arabia was a fantastic one. We met with the crown prince who's a fantastic young guy. He's young but with great imagination and tremendously respected all over the world. And he goes right to the king and the King is incredible. I've gotten to be friends with both of them very much.

And they want to see this ended and they're going all out to make sure that it is ended. I think Russia, likewise, I've spoken to President Putin and my people are dealing with him constantly and his people in particular and they want to do something. I mean that's what I do, I do deals. My whole life is deals.

That's all I know is deals and I know when somebody wants to make it and when somebody doesn't. I will say this, before I came here there was no communication with Russia whatsoever and Russia wasn't answering calls. They were not talking to anybody. They wouldn't talk to anybody. And people sort of accepted that as being that they want to go forward and just keep going without stop.

But when I got here, one of the first calls I made was to President Putin, and we were treated with great respect, and they want to -- they want to end this war. So, that's a big thing because I didn't know if I could say that, but it's a big thing. They want to do it. And the group in the front row that I introduced, they're very -- all very active in it. And we're working on deals right now, transactions right now and in particular, the big one is to get the war stopped, whether it's ceasefire or direct to an agreement.

I'd like to go directly to an agreement. But a ceasefire will always happen a little bit quicker and every day you're saving thousands or at least hundreds, but thousands, in some cases, lives. So, we want to see if we can get that done very quickly. Yes, for the president, please.

I think it's very much to the benefit of Russia to make a deal and I feel that we will do that. It is what it is. Again, it's a war that should have never been started. It's a war that would not have been started if I were president. But it did start and it's at a terrible level where cities are burned down and shot down to the ground.

It looks like demolition sites, a whole big pile of demolition sites and we've got to get it stopped. Too many people, too much agony. The whole culture is destroyed. When you rip down some of those ancient -- really ancient or near ancient buildings, it's so sad to see, but I think it's very much to the benefit of -- there's tremendous distrust on both sides.

That's why it's good that I'm coming in now, but I think it's to the very much benefit of Russia to make a deal and to go on with leading Russia in a very positive way. That's what you have to do. But I really believe that he wants to make a deal, may be wrong, but I believe he wants to make a deal. Yeah, go ahead, please.

We're on time with the tariffs and it seems like that's moving along very rapidly. We've been mistreated very badly by many countries, not just Canada and Mexico. We've been taken advantage of. We were led by, in some cases, fools because anybody that would sign documents like they signed, where they were able to take advantage of the American people like has happened over the last long period of time, except for a little four-year period that took place four years ago.

But anybody that would agree to allow this to happen to our country should be ashamed of themselves. No, the tariffs are going forward on time, on schedule. This is an abuse that took place for many, many years. And I'm not even blaming the other countries that did this, I blame our leadership for allowing it to happen.

I mean, who can blame them if they made these great deals with the United States, took advantage of the United States on manufacturing, on just about everything, every aspect that you can imagine they took advantage of. I look at some of these agreements. I'd read them at night, and I'd say who would ever sign a thing like this?

So, the tariffs will go forward, yes, and we're going to make up a lot of territory. We're going to -- all we want is reciprocal. We want reciprocity, we want to have the same. So, if somebody charges us, we charge them. It's very simple, but it will be very good for our country. Our country will be extremely liquid and rich again.

Plus, we're doing other things, as you know, we're finding tremendous waste, fraud and abuse at levels that nobody thought possible. You're seeing what's going on, and that was also part of the Harvard poll. Do you agree with what President Trump is doing with Elon and others that are looking for the waste, fraud and abuse?

And the numbers were staggering. It was like 70 percent to 2 percent. Everybody wants to find out. They don't like it. And you know, the radical left, or whoever it may be, starts screaming about the Constitution. But it has nothing to do with the Constitution. It has to do with fairness to this country.

It has to do with being ripped off. And when you read the things that all of these billions, and I mean many billions, hundreds of billions of dollars have been spent on, that's all you have to do is stand up here and read them. I could stand up all day and read the kind of things where we're spending all of this money.

The good news is that when you think of how rich a nation we can be, when we get rid of this. You know, sometimes you'll buy a company, and you'll see it was really well run, they accounted for every penny. Well, not much you can do there. You got yourself a bad deal. This one is the exact opposite, tremendous fraud, tremendous waste.

And when you think of what it is, Elon uses an expression, caring. If we had people that cared, just cared a little bit when they did contracts, when they negotiated with outside vendors on behalf of the United States. That's what I'm doing now. I'm negotiating for the people of the United States, so we're doing a great job of it. I will say we found, it'll be hundreds of billions of dollars of waste and fraud and abuse.

Thank you. Please.

OK, please go ahead.

Well, I guess it's a little strange question because you ask whether or not we're going to, on behalf of the United States, contribute to Ukraine. I mean we're in there for about $350 billion. I think that's a pretty big contribution. I do appreciate the first part of your question, however, because I think they've done an incredible job with the Cathedral of Notre Dame.

I think the president has done -- I know he headed it up and I know how hard he worked. And it took a period of time, but really not a long period of time considering what that was, so delicate, so beautiful. And I was there, and I saw the work and I'm very good at construction, I know good construction, I know bad construction.

They did a beautiful job and this man has to be given a lot of credit for that. It's an incredible cathedral. Most people thought it couldn't be saved and, if it was, it would have to be built in a different form. And we didn't want to see a different form. We wanted to see the same form that you built. So, I just want to congratulate you.

That was an amazing job. I don't think you've gotten enough credit for it. Some day you will, some day you will.

Emmanuel, thank you very much. Great job and it's been wonderful being with you. Say hello to your beautiful wife and we will see you again soon. We'll be speaking often; we'll get this thing worked out. We're going to get it done, so important and great job.