Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Please. Great honor. I'm thrilled to welcome the Prime Minister of India, my friend, Narendra Modi, back to the White House. We spent a lot of time here and a lot of time in India and he's a very special man. Prime Minister, it is a pleasure to extend to you the same hospitality that you showed Melania and myself when we traveled to your beautiful country five years ago.

It's hard to believe so long ago and it seemed like yesterday. It was beautiful. We opened the cricket stadium, 129,000 seats, I think the largest stadium in the world, and it was an incredible period of time. There is truly a special bond between the United States and India and the world's oldest democracy and the world's largest democracy and I believe the world's largest country in terms of the numbers of people.

And today, the prime minister and I are announcing a framework to strengthen those ties even further economically, and the U.S. India Compact for the 21st century is a historic initiative that will deepen every aspect of our partnership and our friendship. Starting this year, we'll be increasing military sales to India by many billions of dollars.

We're also paving the way to ultimately provide India with the F-35 stealth fighters. In 2017, my administration revived and reinvigorated the Quad Security Partnership. In our meeting today, the prime minister and I reaffirmed that strong cooperation among the United States, India, Australia and Japan and it's crucial really to maintaining peace and prosperity, tranquility even in the Indo-Pacific.

In addition, the United States and India will be working together like never before to confront the threat of radical Islamic terrorism, a threat all over the world, actually. Today, I'm pleased to announce that my administration has approved the extradition of one of the plotters and one of the very evil people of the world, and having to do with the horrific 2008 Mumbai terrorist attack to face justice in India.

So he's going to be going back to India to face justice. As we deepen our defense partnership, we'll also strengthen our economic ties and bring greater fairness and reciprocity to our trading relationship. As a signal of good faith, Prime Minister Modi recently announced the reductions to India's unfair, very strong tariffs that limit U.S. access into the Indian market very strongly.

And really, it's a big problem, I must say. India imposes a 30 to 40 to 60 and even 70 percent tariff on so many of the goods and in some cases far more than that. And as an example, a 70 percent tariff on U.S. cars going into India, which makes it pretty much impossible to sell those cars. Today, the U.S. trade deficit with India is almost $100 billion.

And Prime Minister Modi and I have agreed that we'll begin negotiations to address the long running disparities that should have been taken care of over the last four years, but they didn't do that, in the U.S. India trading relationship with the goal of a signing an agreement. And really, we want a certain level playing field, which we really think we're entitled to and he does also in fairness.

So we're going to work on that very hard and we can make up the difference very easily with the deficit, with the sale of oil and gas, LNG, of which we have more than anybody in the world. The prime minister and I also reached an important agreement on energy that will restore the United States as a leading supplier of oil and gas to India.

It will be hopefully their number one supplier in the groundbreaking development for U.S. nuclear industry. India is also reforming its laws to welcome U.S. nuclear technology, which is at the highest level, into the Indian market. This will bring safe, clean and affordable electricity to millions of Indians and tens of billions of dollars to the U.S. civilian nuclear industry in India.

And under the framework we are announcing today, the United States and India are also joining forces to ensure that artificial intelligence and other advanced technologies are developed by two of the most, really two of the most advanced nations intellectually and otherwise, technologically anywhere in the world.

There's nobody very much closer. We have an incredible relationship there and this is where it seems to be heading. And artificial intelligence, complex, a very complex subject, but it seems to be where people want to be and they want to go. And we're leading right now by a lot, but other people will try to catch us. I don't know if they're going to be able to. We're going to make it available.

We're going to make tremendous amounts of electricity available and we're going to let the people that are buying the electricity make their own electric plants, electric generation plants. And we've never done this in our country, but we're going to get it done very quickly. Lee Zeldin and his group are going to get the approvals in very rapid form.

And we're calling it a national emergency and that's exactly what it is. So we're going to remain at the top of the AI or artificial intelligence, I think, for a long time to come. And we're going to be working very closely with India and other countries on that. But right now, we're the leader by quite a bit.

Finally, we agreed to work together to help build one of the greatest trade routes in all of history. It will run from India to Israel to Italy and onward to the United States, connecting our partners by ports, railways and undersea cables, many, many undersea cables. It's a big development. It's a lot of money going to be spent and we've already spent some, but we're going to be spending a lot more in order to stay advanced and stay the stay the leader.

I'm pleased to report that with today's announcements, the friendship between the United States and India is the strongest I believe it's ever been. I think our relationship is the best it's ever been between two leaders of the two countries and it's an honor to say that. I'd like to now invite the prime minister to say a few words and then we'll take some questions.

And we appreciate you all being here. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.

Thank you very much.

OK. Thank you very much. That was excellent. We'll do a few questions, please. Please, go ahead. Please, go ahead. Yeah, yeah, blue shirt.

You're going to have to go louder.

I can't understand a word he's saying.

Go ahead, back there.

That's your question, but I'll answer it. I agree with you, gross incompetence. We're going to have a fantastic relationship and it has been--look, the whole world has been set back over the last four years by the weakness of the United States, the weak leadership of the United States, but I think we've taken care of it in just three weeks.

It seems to me that even some of the media that we wouldn't prefer has been writing that this is a much different country right now, that the world has a light over it, not only our country but the whole world. The prime minister told me that before too, even over India. The world has a light. They need the United States to be strong and powerful, but good and I think that's happened and I think it's happened in a very short period of time.

But I will tell you, we're going to have a fantastic relationship and it will make both countries much stronger. Yes, go ahead, please.

OK. Fine.

Well, I don't think India had a very good relationship with the Biden administration. Biden, they wouldn't sell them oil and gas, which is rather hard to believe because it's a good thing to do and a lot of things happened that weren't very appropriate, I thought, between India and the administration, the Biden administration.

But as you said, we're giving a very violent man, it seems to me, I mean, I don't know that he's been convicted yet or will be, but let's assume he's a pretty violent person. We're giving him back to India immediately and there are more to follow because we have quite a few requests. So we work with India on crime and we want to make it good for India and it's very important.

So that kind of a relationship is very important to us. OK? Go ahead, please.

Go ahead.

Sure. Well, India has been to us just about the highest tariffed nation anywhere in the world. They have been very strong on tariffs and I don't blame them necessarily, but it's a different way of doing business. It's very hard to sell into India because they have trade barriers, very strong tariffs. We are, right now, a reciprocal nation.

We are going to, if it's India or if it's somebody else with low tariffs, we're going to have the same. Whatever India charges, we're charging them. Whatever another country charges, we're charging them. So it's called reciprocal, which I think is a very fair way. We didn't have that. I was going to do that in my other term and we had the greatest economy ever in the world.

There's never been an economy like we had and then we got hit with COVID. We had to focus on that. And I wasn't really in the mood to be putting it on Italy and Spain and France and India, frankly, and a lot of other countries because the world was very troubled until we got rid of that nightmare. But we had the strongest economy anywhere in the world during that fairly long period of time during my first term, as you know.

And we didn't do the tariffs. We would have done the reciprocal tariffs. But we decided, and I decided, I think on a human basis, on a humane basis not to do them because of the fact that there was such suffering all over the world. The last thing we needed to talk about is trade problems, but now we do. We see tremendous future for our country, but we felt that now it's finally time after 45 or 50 years of abuse that we will do--and this isn't India.

This is among a lot of nations. The European Union is very difficult for us, very, very difficult. They tax our companies at levels that nobody's ever seen before. They take advantage of a lot of things. So we're not happy about that. China, of course is terrible and we've never taken in $0.10 until I was president.

We've taken in hundreds of billions of dollars from China since I've been president in the first term and now. And we have to do that just as a mechanism of fairness and that's what I've done. And so we are being reciprocal with India, whatever India charges, we charge them. So frankly, it no longer matters to us that much what they charge because whatever they charge--I had discussions with India and the first term about the fact that their tariffs were very high and I was unable to get a concession.

So we're just going to do it the easy way and we're just going to say whatever you charge, we charge, and I think that's fair for the people of the United States and I think it's actually fair for India. OK? Go ahead, please. Ask to the prime minister, please.

Ask to the prime minister, please.

Well, maybe I'll just go first on this one. We had some talks, and we told the European Union, we told the NATO people -- largely they overlap -- you have to pay more money because it's unfair what we're doing. We're doing a tremendous amount more. We're probably $200 billion more going into Ukraine using for Ukraine to fight.

And Europe has not really carried its weight in terms of the money, it's not equitable. And we want to see a counterbalance. We want to have them put up more money. They have to do that. At the same time, we had a very good conversation with President Putin the other day, yesterday, and we also had a very good conversation -- I did both in both cases with President Zelenskyy.

And I think we're going to be able to do something. I think we're going to be able to make a deal. And I hope so because it's a horrible war. It's a very terrible, bloody war with a million and a half soldiers at least already dead on the battlefield, lying all over the fields, like nobody has ever seen anything like it since -- certainly since the Second World War. And so, I think we're going to be able to do something.

We're working with President Zelenskyy and with President Putin, and my impression is that they -- I know that President Zelenskyy wants to make a deal. And I also feel that I know that President Putin wants to make a deal. I wanted to know that before I began any detailed discussions. But the meeting and the conversation, also the meeting with Steve Witkoff in Moscow was a very successful one, and my phone call with him was a very successful one.

Please.

Go ahead, please. Yeah, please. Sir, go ahead, please.

Russia has gotten themselves into something that I think they wish they didn't. If I were president, it would not have happened, absolutely would not have happened, and it didn't happen for four years. If you look at what has taken place -- under President Bush they lost a lot, under President Obama they lost Crimea, under Biden it looks like they could lose the whole thing, under Trump they lost nothing.

Ukraine lost nothing. They didn't give up anything. And you take a look at the other three presidents surrounding me, they gave up a lot. I think that when you look at Ukraine and when you look at the mess that they're in, it's got to be ended, and it's got to be stopped. Now, Russia has taken over a pretty big chunk of territory and they also have said from day one, long before President Putin, they've said they cannot have Ukraine be in NATO. They said that very strongly.

I actually think that that was the thing that caused the start of the war. And Biden said it and Zelenskyy said it, and I think that was one of the reasons -- one of the starts of the war. But from long before Putin, they said you cannot have Ukraine going in, in any way, into NATO. And I start from that standpoint.

I think everybody knew that. Now, if a better deal can be negotiated, if they are able to make a deal where they can do that, that's fine with me. I really don't care. I want -- I want that bloodshed to stop. I don't want to see -- you know, we have an ocean between us and the site we're talking about, the site of death, we're calling it the fields of death.

We have a big ocean in between us. This is more important for Europe. We shouldn't be in, they have to equalize and they're going to have to do it fast, but they have to equalize. But as far as the negotiation, it's too early to say what's going to happen. Maybe Russia will give up a lot, maybe they won't, and it's all dependent on what is going to happen.

The negotiation really hasn't started. But I will say as far as NATO is concerned, from many years before President Putin, I will tell you that I've heard that Russia would never accept that. And I think Ukraine knew that because Ukraine wasn't in and never requested to be in until more recently. So, that's the way it is and I think that's the way it's going to have to be. Go ahead, please.

All right. Go ahead, please, with the tie. With the tie, yeah.

Yes, go ahead.

Oh, he's a much tougher negotiator than me and he's a much better negotiator than me. There's not even a contest. OK? Yeah, go ahead. Please, go ahead. Go ahead.

Well, I think we are going to have a very good relationship with China. I got along with President Xi very well until COVID, that was a bridge too far. But until then I got along with President Xi very, very well. We were very close as leaders go. I don't want to be naive, but as leaders go, I think we were very close.

And I think that China is a very important player in the world. I think they can help us get this war over with Ukraine and Russia. And I look at India, I do see the skirmishes on the border, which are quite vicious, and I guess they continue to go on. If I could be of help, I'd love to help because that should be stopped.

That's been going on for a long time and it's quite violent, it's quite violent. But I would hope that China and India and Russia and US, and all of us can get along. It's very important. You know, the power of weaponry today is -- and not only nuclear, but nuclear in particular. The power of weaponry is very important.

I said before that I had very constructive talks in my first term with President Putin about the denuclearization of the two countries, and then we were going to go to China after we worked some kind of a deal. And we had the confines of a deal. We were -- I thought we -- he really wanted to do it, so did I, denuclearize.

And it's so -- it's such a beautiful term when you think about it, in other words, to bring it down because the power of those weapons is too great. And I did speak to President Xi about that, and I was getting also a very good response. He's building a very strong nuclear power. He's not very close to Russia or the United States right now, but he will be soon.

I mean, he'll catch up over the period of four or five years, they say, but it would be a great thing if we could. On a military basis, we're going to spend this year $900 -- let's say $915 billion on military. Russia, without the war, was spending close to $100 billion. But with the war, I can't tell you what they're spending but they're spending a lot.

And China is spending $400 and $450 billion. We're over $900 billion. And I said, you know, it doesn't really make sense, does it we're spending the money against each other and we could spend that money for better purpose if we got along. And I'll tell you, I think that something like that will happen. First, when I left, as you know, four years ago, we didn't have Israel and the Middle East.

We didn't have October 7th, a disaster, the disaster. Nothing was happening. Iran was not in -- gonna to do anything because Iran did not have much money at that point. They were broke. They were totally broke. They didn't have money for Hamas or for Hezbollah and you didn't have Russia with Ukraine and that would never have happened.

But now I come back and the whole world is on fire. So I have to put out the fires. But after I put out the fires, I'm going to meet with China and I'm going to meet with Russia and we're going to see if we can de-escalate, if we can bring it down military, especially as it pertains to nuclear. Please.

Everybody, thank you very much. Thank you very much and I very much appreciate the prime minister visiting our great country and I do really appreciate it. We have so much in common and all we want to do is have peace and we want to have strength and we want to have lots of different things together. But the relationship with India and with the prime minister has never been better.

Thank you very much.

Thank you.