Well, thank you very much Mr. President. That was, uh, very profound. And I will say that I believe we had a very productive meeting. There were many, many points that we agreed on, most of them I would say, a couple of big ones that, uh, we haven't quite got there, but we've made some headway. So, uh, there's no deal until there's a deal.

I will call up NATO in a little while. I will call up, uh, the various people that I think are appropriate, and I'll of course call up President Zelenskyy and tell him about today's meeting. So it's ultimately up to them. They're gonna have to agree with, uh, what Marco and Steve and some of the great people from the Trump administration who've come here.

Scott and, uh, John Radcliffe, thank you very much. But we have, uh, some of our really great leaders. They've been doing a phenomenal job. We also have some tremendous Russian, uh, business representatives here. And I think, you know, everybody wants to deal with us. We've become the hottest country anywhere in the world in a very short period of time.

And, uh, we look forward to that. We look forward to dealing. We're gonna try and get this over with. We, we really made some, uh, great progress today. I've always had a fantastic relationship with President Putin, with Vladimir. We had, uh, many, many, uh, tough meetings, good meetings. We were, uh, interfered with by the Russia, Russia, Russia hoax.

That made it a little bit tougher to deal with, but he understood it. Uh, I think he's probably seen things like that during the course of his career. He's seen (laughs), he's seen it all. But we had to put up with the Russia, Russia, Russia hoax. He knew it was a hoax, and I knew it was a hoax, but what was done was very criminal.

But it made it harder for us to deal as a country in terms of the business and all of the things that we'd like to have dealt with. But, uh, we'll have a, a good chance when this is over. So just to put it very quickly, I'm gonna start making a few phone calls and tell 'em what happened. But we had it extremely productive meeting and many points were agreed to. Uh, there are just a very few that are left, some are not that significant.

One is probably the most significant, but we have a very good chance of getting there. We didn't get there, but we have a very good chance of getting there. I would like to thank, uh, President Putin and his entire team, whose faces who I know in many cases. Otherwise, other than that, whose, whose faces I get to see all the time in the newspapers.

You're very, you're almost as famous as the boss. But, uh, especially this one right over here (laughs). But we had some good meetings over the years, right? Good productive meetings over the years, and we hope to have that in the future. But let's do the most productive one right now. We're gonna stop really, 5, 6, 7,000, thousands of people a week from being killed.

And President Putin wants to see that as much as I do. So, uh, again, Mr. president, I'd like to thank you very much, and we'll speak to you very soon and probably see you again very soon. Thank you very much, Vladimir.

Oh, that's an interesting one.

I don't know, I'll get a little heat on that one, but I, uh, I could see it possibly happening. Thank you very much, Vladimir.

And thank you all. Thank you. Thank you.