Thank you very much. Thank you very much, great honor. Today it's my privilege to welcome the prime minister of a very special place, the United Kingdom, to the White House. Prime Minister Starmer, you've been terrific in our discussions. You're a very tough negotiator, however. I'm not sure I like that, but that's okay . Very, very special person.

The prime minister and I have gotten off to an outstanding start. The US and UK have a special relationship, very special, really like no other, passed down through the centuries. And we're going to keep it that way. We're going to keep it very strong as it is. Very importantly, I was just notified by letter from King Charles that he's extended, through the prime minister, a historic second state visit to the United Kingdom.

And that's a great honor because it's never happened before. One person has never been extended that honor, and I really do call it an honor. But it's not for me, it's for our country, it's respect for our country. So, I just want to thank you, and I want to thank King Charles, thank you very much. And we accept.

I don't know if the media is going to follow us, I have a feeling they might . Okay, thank you very much. Appreciate it. I'm pleased to say that the bust of one of the prime minister's greatest predecessors, Winston Churchill, is now back in the rightful place in the Oval Office and we're very proud of it. Our meeting today and the various breakout sessions we had were tremendously productive.

Most importantly, I provided the prime minister with an update on our efforts to end the bloody and horrible war in Ukraine with Russia, which would never have happened if I were president. That was not going to happen, I promise you that. After three years of hellacious conflict, approximately 1 million Ukrainians and Russians have been senselessly killed.

But the number I believe is much higher than that. Countless schools, hospitals, towns and beautiful ancient churches have been absolutely obliterated. To begin the process of ending this spiral of death, I had historic back-to-back calls with President Putin, very successful calls, I might add. And President Zelenskyy and my team also spoke with the secretary general of NATO and numerous occasions.

And we're working very hard to get that war brought to an end. I think we've made a lot of progress, and I think it's moving along pretty rapidly. And I want to thank all of the people that are here that have been working on it. And we'll let you know what happens, it'll either be fairly soon or it won't be at all.

In addition, this week I met with President Macron of France, as you know, and held talks with members of the G7. Tomorrow the progress toward peace will continue when President Zelenskyy visits the White House. He'll be here tomorrow in the early part of the day, and we'll be signing an historic agreement that will make the United States a major partner in developing Ukraine's minerals and rare earths and oil and gases.

And we have a great understanding. I think it's going to be great for Ukraine. We're going to be at the site, and we'll be -- we'll be digging, we'll be dig, dig, digging. Dig we must. A big utility in New York, Con Edison, they used to have a sign, Dig We Must, and we will be digging. But much of the European aid to Ukraine has been sent in the form of loans for which they expect to be paid back.

And we didn't have that honor under the Biden administration. He sent money or just sent money after money after money and never had any knowledge of ever seeing it back, maybe $300 billion to $350 billion. But under the breakthrough agreement, very unusual, which everyone said was difficult to get, but it's really very good for Ukraine and very good for us. The American taxpayers will now effectively be reimbursed for the money and hundreds of billions of dollars poured in to helping Ukraine defend itself, which by and of itself is a very worthy thing to do. We've paid far more than any other country and, with most of our support, it's been paid in military, the finest weapons anywhere in the world.

This includes vast amounts of military hardware, ammunition and various other things that we now have to start rebuilding our own stockpiles. Additionally, the Minerals Agreement will provide the basis for a more sustainable future relationship between the United States and Ukraine and thus stimulate the long-term prosperity that will help the Ukrainians rebuild their country, it's been demolished, and the ruined infrastructure.

The infrastructure, as you know, is in very bad shape. In just over one month our administration has already achieve more progress toward peace than years in the other administration, where they did nothing toward peace. They didn't understand what was happening. Our approach is basically common sense, as I said.

So many of the things that we do are based on common sense. If you want peace, you have to talk, both sides. As I discussed with Prime Minister Starmer, the next step we're making is toward a very achievable ceasefire. We hope that that can happen quickly because thousands of young people, in this case, we're not talking about Americans, we're talking about Ukrainians and Russians are being killed every week, thousands.

And it's a rough battlefield. It's a flat piece of land and the bullet only stops when it hits somebody. And this week, I saw the reports and I don't even want to say what they are, but thousands of people, young people, young, vibrant, people died and we want to stop that, senseless, should it never happened.

This will lay the groundwork for a long-term peace agreement that will return stability to Eastern Europe and hopefully ensure that such a terrible war will never happen on European soil or for that matter, anywhere again. It's a horrible thing that's going on. The disaster in Ukraine shows exactly why it's so important for the United Kingdom and other NATO partners to make large investments in their defense capabilities.

In many cases, four percent or five percent of GDP would be appropriate. I know that they're raising it. I just read an article, a great article about the work you're doing in the UK as to the military. You're raising it quite a bit, which is a great thing to do for your country. It's a great thing to do. It's sad that we need that, but probably need that.

So congratulations on that. I know you got it through. After years of chronic underfunding, there's an urgent need to catch up for some countries and I want to thank the prime minister once again for traveling here today. Working together, I believe that we'll once again demonstrate the power of our country's unique friendship.

This is indeed a unique friendship. It's been many years and I think it's only gotten stronger and we will make sure that it stays that way. We're going to have a great trade agreement. One way or the other, we're going to end up with a very good trade agreement for both countries and we're working on that as we speak.

I think we'll have the confines. I think we'll have something maybe even in terms of possibilities agreed to very shortly. JD's working on it, our vice president. And Scott, and I'm just looking at this old friend, Mike. You're going to work on it. Everyone's going to work on it. We'll see if we can do something pretty quickly, but we're going to make some great trade agreements with the UK and with the prime minister and it will happen very quickly.

So I just want to thank you again, and please thank King Charles for the invite and I look forward to your giving our acceptance on behalf of the United States of America. Thank you very much, sir. Thank you.

Thank you very much. What a beautiful accent. I would have been president 20 years ago if I had that accent.

Thank you. . Thank you. We'll take a couple of questions. OK. Let's see here. Go ahead, please.

So I'll go ahead, the first part. The tariffs are necessary because we've been treated very unfairly by many, many countries, including our friends, friend and foe. But we've been treated very unfairly in trade, at levels that nobody's really ever seen before. And especially under the Biden administration, they really took advantage of the United States.

I put massive tariffs on China during my four years. We had the best economy in the history of our country, probably the best economy, maybe the best economy in the history of the world. And I used tariffs to even things up. And in particular with China, we took in hundreds of billions of dollars and we had no inflation.

And it's a myth, it's a myth that's put out there by foreign countries that really don't like paying tariffs and especially to even up. So we've been treated badly by a lot. We're using tariffs, and I find and you just have to look at the numbers, but I find that it's not about inflation, it's about fairness.

And the inflation for us has not existed and I don't think it's going to exist. We're going to bring our car industry back. We're going to bring our chips back. We're going to bring so many things back to our country, including pharmaceuticals and drugs. And the thing that's going to get us there is tariffs.

And I say often it's my favorite word in the dictionary, but I always preface it by saying now, because I got into a lot of trouble with the fake news, where they say that's not good. So I say, God, love, family, wife, they're all my favorite words but tariff is about number four or five on the list. But I will tell you it's going to make our country rich and it's going to stop us from being a laughing stock all over the world.

Because we have been taken advantage of like no country has ever been taken advantage of. Thank you very much. And do you want to answer?

That's enough. Thank you. Please. Go ahead. Go ahead. Yes. Thank you.

Hi.

Well, they didn't do well with President Obama. He never got a lot of things done and he didn't get a trade deal done that was of any importance or magnitude. We've had great discussions on trade and I think we're going to have a deal done rather quickly, as quickly as it can be done. We're going to have something I think rather quickly.

We expect to do that. OK? Please.

Jeff, go ahead.

I support it. I don't think we're going to have any reason for it. I think we're going to have a very successful peace and I think it's going to be a long-lasting peace and I think it's going to happen hopefully quickly. If it doesn't happen quickly. It may not happen at all and we want it for two reasons.

Number one, I want to see on a humane basis, I want to see soldiers stop getting shot because largely it's soldiers now. Towns have been obliterated, but it's largely that and I don't want to pay billions and billions and billions of dollars, nor does the prime minister or anybody else on a senseless war that should have never happened.

And we're going to get it taken care of, but I think it's going to be a piece that's going to be long lasting. Do you have a question for the prime minister?

OK. Please, blue.

Well, we're never going to know that answer, but by our being in Ukraine and doing the exploration and also the digging and taking the rare earth, which we need in our country very badly, we'll be doing a substantial amount of work, probably about at least what we have in there and we hope to be able to do that.

You never know when it comes to that. You dig and maybe things aren't there like you think they're there, but we'll be spending a lot of time there. It'll be great for Ukraine. It's like a huge economic development project. So it'll be good for both countries. OK? Please.

And I think we're going to have a very good meeting tomorrow, 11:00, and I think we're going to have a very good meeting tomorrow morning. We're going to get along really well. OK? We have a lot of respect. I have a lot of respect for him. We've given him a lot of equipment and a lot of money, but they have fought very bravely.

No matter how you figure it. They have really fought. Somebody has to use that equipment and they have been very brave in that sense. Yeah, please, go ahead.

So we're working very hard on the Middle East and Gaza and all of the problems and it's been going on for years and years and centuries and centuries.

It's a tough neighborhood, but it could be a very beautiful neighborhood. And I think we're going to come up with some pretty good solutions. But phase one is almost complete. We've had some people that have been very seriously injured, very seriously hurt both physically and mentally. They've come out of there very, very -- and some of them in very, very bad shape.

It's shocking. Many young people -- young people aren't in bad shape. Young people are strong, healthy. They don't die. People have come out dead, young people and old people. It's a rough situation, but I think we're going to make it much better. And I think that we've had a huge impact on that since we've been in just the four weeks.

I think we've had a huge impact on Gaza, the Middle East, and we have some pretty good talks going on concerning lots of other people that are going to make it better. So, we'll see what happens. Nobody really knows, but we'll see what happens. But I think we've had a very positive impact. Prime minister?

Thank you. Yes, in the red, please. Pink, red, flaming red. Go ahead.

Yeah, thank you very much. We're open to many things, but before I even think about that, that's almost pleasant to think about because that would mean that peace has been arrived at. We have to arrive at that peace, and you went three and a half years with an administration that never even really had a meeting.

They didn't have a meeting on peace and there was no prospect of peace. I think frankly Russia wanted to go through the whole long deal. I don't think they do anymore. I don't think they do. We had a very big impact on that whole situation. But I don't like talking about phase two until I get phase one. Phase one is they have to make peace, and we have to get Russia to agree.

We have to get Ukraine to agree, and I think we will -- I think we've come a long way. I believe we're going to get it done. I wouldn't say that if I didn't think so. And I think it will be very important, very historic and we're going to save a lot of a lot of lives.

And think of that, she came home with her fingers and part of her hand blown off.

How bad does it get? And we had others that came home in much, much worse shape than that. It's a terrible situation. Please, yes.

He tried . He was working hard, I'll tell you that. He earned whatever the hell they pay him over there. But he tried. We -- I think there's a very good chance that in the case of these two great friendly countries, I think we could very well end up with a real trade deal where the tariffs wouldn't be necessary.

We'll see, but he's -- he earned -- whatever they pay him he earned today. He was working hard at lunch. And I'm very receptive to it. I think we -- in all fairness, in all seriousness, I think we have a very good chance at arriving at a very good deal. JD and Scott and Howard, all the people are working on it, and I think we have a good chance at arriving at a deal that could be terrific, really terrific for both countries.

OK? Thank you.

I think we'll have two deals, I think we'll have a deal on ending the war and I think we're going to end up with a great trade deal with you. And it's an honor to be with you and I want to thank everybody very much. Thank you very much. Thank you.