Thank you very much. Thank you very much. It's a great honor to be with the prime minister. We had a picture taken a little while ago. And it was so nice, I thought I'd present it to you on stage. And here is the picture.

I wish I was as handsome as him, but I'm not.   Thank you.

remember that day. Thank you very much everybody. Appreciate it. I'm delighted to welcome Japanese Prime Minister Ishiba Shigeru to the White House for the first time. And prime minister, it's an honor to have you with us. A great honor. Japan is a great country. Thank you very much. Japan is strong and proud.

It's a nation that is home to one of the great civilizations in the history of the world. For nearly 80 years, the American Japanese people have enjoyed a friendship like few others, have had a great friendship across the vast ocean. And we found ourselves united by bonds of history, commerce culture, mutual, admiration and great respect.

After our meeting today, I'm confident that the cherished alliances between our two countries and others also will continue to flourish long and into the future. The military cooperation between the United States and Japan is one of our closest security partnerships. And it's one of the closest we have anywhere in the world.

Our service members work together every day to defend our common interests. Japan is committed to double its defense spending by 2027 compared to my first term. They've invested a lot of money because of my first term. We worked on that very hard with Shinzo. You know, the great Shinzo Abe, and we look forward to seeing even more so. Shinzo and I worked very, very long and hard.

And those numbers are very reflective after my first term. And now they're going up very substantially based on our conversations today. In addition to being vital for our shared security, Japan is one of the top purchasers of US military exports and equipment. And I'm pleased to say that this week my administration approved nearly $1 billion in foreign military sales to Tokyo.

The United States is totally committed to the security of Japan. We will extend the full strength of American deterrence capabilities in defense of our friend and ally 100 percent. In the years to come, the prime minister and I will be working closely together to maintain peace and security. And I also say peace through strength and all over the Indo-Pacific.

And to that end, we also remain committed to the effort I began in my first term to ensure safety and stability on the Korean Peninsula. Prime Minister Ishiba and I spoke long and hard about a vital economic relationship between our two countries and the continuance of that relationship. The United States and Japan trade over $ 300 billion in goods and services each year.

Japan has invested nearly $ 800 billion. And that's going to go up very, very substantially in the coming months, more than any other country. And they're going to have some competition. We have a lot of people coming in and investing in the United States. I think our -- our -- uh, the feeling throughout the world has never been stronger about this country.

As a result of our victory in 2024, the Presidential election, the Japanese investment and technology giant, SoftBank announced plans to invest between $100 and $200 billion. And we have many other companies investing that number, higher than that number, some a little bit less. But we have trillions of dollars of investment pouring into our country now that you didn't have just a short while ago.

Today, our teams discussed how our two nations can do even more to stay on the cutting edge of artificial intelligence along with the quantum computing semiconductors and other critical technologies. And they're coming out. The problem with technology of that kind it's obsolete in about two days, so we have to start all over again.

It doesn't last long. We agreed to cooperate even more closely to combat the Chinese economic aggression which is quite aggressive. I'm also pleased to announce that Japan will soon begin importing historic new shipments of clean American liquefied natural gas in record numbers. It will be record numbers with our secretary of the Interior.

We were talking. I think Doug is here. Hello, Doug. Please stand up, Doug. Doug Burgum, everybody. We're talking about the pipeline in Alaska, which is the closest point of major oil and gas to Japan by far. Less than half the Half the distance of any other location. We're talking about a joint venture of some type between Japan and us having to do with Alaska oil and gas.

And that's very exciting. They're very excited about it, and so are we. As we deepen our economic relationship, I made clear that the United States will be conducting trade with all countries based on the principle of fairness and reciprocity. Chronic trade deficits not only undermine our economy, they really do and we're going to get rid of the trade.

We have a trade deficit with Japan of over $100 billion, but we're going to work that out and I think very quickly. Frankly, we can do it just on oil and gas, we can work it out, so we intend to do it very quickly. We both understand that. And as America welcomes new foreign investment, we also want to ensure that companies build their products and factories here in America not simply buy the assets that we have.

And Japan is going to be opening up auto plants. New auto plants are being built currently. As we -- as we speak, they've just been started. Toyota is one and Nissan is going to be doing something very exciting about -- about US steel. They'll be looking at an investment rather than a purchase. We didn't -- like the idea of US Steel is a very important company to us. It was the greatest company in the world for 15 years, many years ago, 80 years ago.

And we didn't want to see that leave. Um, and it wouldn't actually leave, but the concept psychologically not good. So they've agreed to invest heavily in US Steel as opposed to own it. And that sounds very exciting. And we're going to meet with Nissan next week, the head of Nissan, very great company. And they'll work out the details.

I'll help. I'll be there to -- to mediate and arbitrate. And then, I had the privilege of working closely with the great prime minister, as you know and you knew him very well, Shinzo Abe, the longest serving prime minister in Japan's history. Likewise, I expect that this prime minister is going to be a great one.

I really believe that. He's going to be a great one. I've gotten to know him, for not long, but I can see what they have. He's got -- he's got -- he's got the qualities of greatness. He's going to do a fantastic job for -- for Japan and for the Japanese people. And I'd like now to invite the prime minister to say a few words and then we'll take some questions.

Mr. Prime Minister? Thank you. Thank you very much.

Thank you. Any questions, please? Peter?

Oh, I think she'll be Ok with it somehow.

Well, it doesn't, but they get it very easily. I mean, we don't have very good security in our country. And they get it very easily. And what we're doing, if you look at, uh, what has just taken place with respect to some of the investments that have been made on another agency that people have been talking about for years, but nobody did anything about it, uh, it's absolutely obscene, dangerous, bad.

Very costly. I mean, virtually every investment made is a con --job. There's nothing of value to anybody and unless there's a kickback scheme going on, which is possible and we're going to be doing more and more of that. We're going to be looking at Department of Education. We're going to be looking at even our military.

We're going to be looking at tremendous amounts of money, Peter, being spent on things that bear no relationship to anything and have no value. We're talking about trillions of dollars; it will be in the end trillions of dollars being absolutely wasted. And perhaps illegally, I would say certainly in many cases illegally, but perhaps illegally overall.

And I'm very proud of the job that this group of young people, generally young people, but very smart people, they're doing. They're doing it at my insistence. It would be a lot easier not to do it, but we have to take some of these things apart to find the corruption and we found tremendous corruption.

Well, I see the same ones. I see Maxine Waters, a low life. I see, you know, all these people, they don't love our country, they don't love our country. We want great education. So, they rank 40 countries in education. We're ranked dead last, dead last, but the good news is we're number one in one category.

You know what that is? Cost per pupil. We spend more per pupil than any other country in the world. You look at Norway, Denmark, Sweden, various countries all up and down, Finland, China does very well in education. And then you look at us, we spend much more money than they do per pupil or any other way.

But we spend much more money than they do and yet we're ranked -- this year Biden's last year, congratulations, Joe. We're ranked dead last. So, what I want to see is education -- number one, I like choice, we all like choice. But beyond choice, long beyond choice, I want to see it go back to the states where great states that do so well have no debt.

They're operated brilliantly. They'll be as good as Norway or Denmark or Sweden or any of the other highly ranked countries. There will be -- you'll probably have 30, I figure 35 to 38 states will be right at the top and the rest will come along. They'll have to come along competitively. And by the way, we'll be spending a lot less money, and we'll have great education.

Well, I don't know about the particular thing, but if the vice president said that -- did you say that? I'm with the vice president? Thank you, Peter. Yeah, go ahead please. Yes, red dress.

Well, I want our military to be the strongest. I also don't mind spending so much money on the military because we build it here. It's made in the USA, all made in the USA. We have -- you know, I rebuilt our military during my first term, did a great job. We left some of it behind in Afghanistan, stupidly.

There was no reason for that. But it was still as much as it was. It was billions and billions of dollars, but it was a small part of it. But we're going to have the strongest military by far. We have great people. I want to congratulate Pete Hegseth for having gone through the gauntlet. He went through a lot, but he got through and he's going to be a tremendous -- I have no doubt he's going to be a tremendous leader.

And other of the leaders sitting here, they're in their own fields, they're going to -- we're going to do something very, very, very great and we expect great things. But I expect the strongest military by far in the world, far stronger than China, far stronger than anybody. And that's the way it is. Thank you very much.

Would you like to ask a question, please. Go ahead.

Well, I think that he is going to be a great prime minister. I think he's a very strong man, very, very strong. I have great respect for him. I've known him for a long time through a reputation. Shinzo Abe thought the world of him, and I think he's going to do a fantastic job as prime minister, a very strong person.

I wish he wasn't so strong. I wish he was a little bit weaker than that, but that's what I got . I have to get strong guys all the time. He's going to be a great prime minister. I also, in terms of tariffs -- I mean, we're going to have tariffs, mostly reciprocal tariffs, where we go with -- and I'm going to be probably meeting on that Monday or Tuesday, have an announcement, probably a news conference, but probably reciprocal tariffs where a country pays so much or charges us so much and we do the same.

So, very reciprocal because I think that's the only fair way to do it. That way nobody's hurt. They charge us, we charge them. It's the same thing. And I seem to be going in that line as opposed to a flat fee tariff. Ok, yes, go, please. Please go ahead. Why don't you go ahead?

Thank you very much. Go ahead please. Yeah.

They're doing it as an investment, no longer a purchase.

I didn't want it purchased, but investment, I love. And they're going to do a big investment subject to getting the deal done. And they'll be doing a big --

I'm Ok with that, sure. And for the prime minister, what was your argument to the president related to US Steel? And one more on tariffs, Mr. President, if I could. Um, you -- you said on tariffs that you'd like them to be reciprocal back and forth. What -- what was the reception from the Japanese prime minister when you said that or when you talked about -- Well, we didn't discuss tariffs too much.

We really discussed many other things, including the pipeline in Alaska. Which I think is going to be maybe the most exciting thing with Doug and Chris. We discussed that at length the pipeline. I mean, it seemed to be of great interest to them. It's -- we have potentially more oil and gas than in Saudi Arabia just in Alaska.

We have the most of any country in the world. It's a big asset for the United States, but we haven't used it. We go to Venezuela. We go to other places to take oil and gas. And we have more than anybody. It's an amazing phenomena that took place over the last four years. Nobody understands it, including the people that were in charge of it. They had no clue what they were doing.

So it was a -- it was a big problem. They were surprised actually too. They were saying why -- why didn't they -- they -- they wouldn't sell them LNG. They wouldn't sell it. Japan wanted to buy LNG and Biden wouldn't sell it. And I'm trying to figure that one out. Maybe it was the environment. You might ask -- answer that question.

He's curious about that himself, I think. Thank you very much. If you want to answer that, you may about LNG, that the United States wouldn't sell you LNG.

I want to just say that on the ethanol, Iowa is going to be very happy. All of the -- Nebraska. All of our farm states are going to be very happy. They want ethanol and we'll be able to provide it. So our farmers, who I like, and they like me, I think they're going to be very, very happy. We've opened the sale of LNG.

Immediately, actually. We did a few days ago. And China -- right now, not only China, everybody wants to buy it. We have more than anybody and they're all buying it. But Japan, in particular, we're very happy that they're going to start immediately. And we can supply it to the world, but we're supplying it to Japan.

And they're going to always be right up in the front of the line. Yeah, go ahead, please. Go ahead.

Yes, I have. The Pentagon. Education. Uh, just about everything. We're going to go through everything. Just as it was so bad with what we just went through with this horrible situation we just went through. And I guess 97 percent of the people have been dismissed. It was very, very unfortunate. You're not going to find anything like that, but you're going to find a lot.

And I've instructed him to go check out education, to check out the Pentagon, which is the military. And you know, sadly, you'll find some things that are pretty bad, but I don't think proportionately you're going to see anything like we just saw.

No, but I'll fire some of them because some of them were corrupt. I have no doubt about that. I got to know a lot about that business. That world. I got to know a lot about that world. And we had some corrupt agents. And those people are gone or they will be gone. And it will be done quickly and very surgically.

Did you have a question for the prime minister?

Talk up.

I don't know. I don't know. I know we have some that are very corrupt. And we don't like it. We're going to bring back the reputation of the FBI. Kash Patel is going to do a great job. And we're going to bring back the reputation of the FBI, which has been hurt very badly. It's been devastated over the last four years.

It's actually a good question and we will have relations with North Korea and with Kim Jong Un. I got along with them very well, as you know. I think I stopped a war. I think if I wouldn't have won that particular election, you would have ended up in a very bad -- a very bad situation. But I did. And we had a good relationship.

And I think it's a very big asset for everybody that I do get along with them. I like -- I mean, I get along with him, he gets along with me. And that's a good thing, not a bad thing. And I can tell you that Japan likes the idea because their relationship is not very good with him. And uh, if I can have a relationship with not only him, but other people throughout the world where there seem to be difficulties, I think that's a tremendous asset for the world, not just the United States.

Go ahead.

Go ahead.

Well, we haven't discussed that much. I'll tell him to go here, go there. He does it. He's got a very capable group of people. Very, very, very, very capable. They know what they're doing. They'll ask questions and they'll see immediately as somebody gets tongue tied that they're either crooked or don't know what they're doing.

We have very smart people going in. So I've instructed him go into education, go into military, go into other things as we go along. And they're finding massive amounts of fraud, abuse, waste, all of these things, so. But I -- I will pick out a target and I say go in. There could be areas that we won't, but I -- I can -- I think everything is fertile.

You know, we're a government. We have to be open. And as an open government, I don't know, I guess you could say maybe some high intelligence or something. And I'll do that myself if I have to. But generally speaking, I'll just say, go. But he will be looking at education pretty quickly and he will be looking at military, too.

Absolutely.

Well, they don't really have to be looked at by him. They can be looked at by us. Social Security will not be touched. It will only be strengthened. We have illegal immigrants on Social Security and we're going to find out who they are and take them out. We have, uh, illegal immigrants in other Medicare.

We have -- uh, we found a lot of bad people, a lot of people that shouldn't be on that were put on when -- through California. They come -- a lot of them come out of California.

They come -- a lot of them come out of California, we're not going to stand for that. So, we're going to strengthen our Social Security, etc. We're not going to touch it other than to make it stronger. But we have people that shouldn't be on and those people we have to weed out. Most of them or many of them so far have been illegal immigrants, they shouldn't even be in the country.

Do you have a question for the prime minister?

That's a very good answer,  very good answer. Wow, that's very good. He knows what he's doing. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you. Thank you.