Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-greeley-co-october-30-2016

Donald Trump: Thank you everybody. Thank you. Thank you very much. Well it is a great group of people. Thank you. What a great crowd. Wow, look at this. In nine days we are going to win the state of Colorado and we are going to win back the White House, we are. And I must tell you -- if your ballots. You've got to get the ballots in. Who has sent their ballots in? Now, do you think those ballots are properly counted.

Donald Trump: Do you think? So when you send them in. Do you think they're properly counted? You can check in your ballot to make sure it's counted properly. I know they're all saying, "Oh, of course, everything is so legitimate, everything is so." Perhaps I'm a more skeptical person, OK. Nobody's upset with that right?

Donald Trump: I saw Obama saying the foundations of our country are based on this. But eight years ago, when he was running, he was saying that it was crooked as hell in Chicago right? Just like he said Obamacare is wonderful. Keep your plan. Keep your doctor right? So you can -- you can get a ballot if you need it tomorrow slows today but can you get a ballot tomorrow at university center and you can put your ballot in. But so what we are on the threshold of something so incredible.

Donald Trump: It's so incredible so excited. But you're to get those ballots so you can go to university center and they'll give you a ballot, a new ballot. They'll void your own ballot to give you a new ballot and you can go out and make sure it gets in. Now in some places they probably do that four or five times but we don't do that.

Donald Trump: But that's great. So by tomorrow hopefully almost everybody will have their ballots in. We're on the cusp of an incredible historic change that's going to transfer power from a failed political establishment that it looks like it's failing pretty big right now and returned the power to our families communities and citizens.

Donald Trump: So the early voting is under way. Get those ballots in. Real change begins with immediately repealing and replacing Obamacare. What a mess. It's just been announced, that the citizens of Colorado are going to experience a massive double digit hike in their Obamacare premiums next year. Now I know what it is. But I want everybody to have a good time so I refuse to tell you because I don't want to ruin your evening.

Donald Trump: And by the way, this crowd there are thousands of people outside. And you have the Denver Broncos. Your team is playing right now. You know when I came over I said, "Isn't Denver playing right now?" And they said, "Yes." I said, "Do we have people?" They said, "Mr. Trump this thing you could have sold it out three different times." So that's great.

Donald Trump: Should we do a little shorter version so you could go home and watch football? [Audience calls out "No"] No, I love you too. I don't know if you know the NFL is way down in their ratings. And you know why. Two reasons, number one is this politics, they're finding is a much rougher game than football and more exciting and that's honestly we've taken a lot of people away from the NFL.

Donald Trump: And the other reason is Kaepernick, Kaepernick. Ah, that's fine. But elect me and we will stop the horrible hikes that you're seeing with Obamacare. We will stop the Obamacare madness. 90% of Colorado counties are losing insurers next year as a result of Obamacare. Some of you are going to have one person one group to deal with.

Donald Trump: That's not good. Good luck in the negotiation. In Minnesota, where the premium increase, will be close to 60%. The Democratic governor has said, "The Affordable Care Act is no longer affordable." Hillary Clinton wants to double down on Obamacare making it even more expensive. In fact, much more expensive.

Donald Trump: She also wants to raise your taxes through the roof by the way. Lots of luck like -- like taxes aren't high enough for the people of this country. I'm asking for your vote so we can replace Obamacare and save health care for every family in Colorado and in the country. And in the country. Real change also means restoring honesty to our government.

Donald Trump: My contract with the American voter begins with a plan to end government corruption. Our plan -- our plan includes a constitutional amendment to impose term limits on all members of Congress. I will impose a lifetime ban on foreign lobbyists raising money for American -- look, I don't have them raising. Who knew they could even do that.

Donald Trump: Then you wonder why we're making bad deal was, you know, we make all these horrible deals with other countries. People say "I wonder why." Well, take a look at that. So we will impose a ban, permanent ban on that. I want the entire corrupt Washington establishment to hear and to heed our words. OK. Our words, our.

Donald Trump: When we win on November eight, we are going to Washington D.C. and we are going to drain the swamp. We are, we are. We all know about Hillary's mounting legal troubles. That she's brought up to herself with her willful and deliberate criminal misconduct. Hillary Clinton is not the victim by the way, she's not the victim.

Donald Trump: You, the American people, are the victims of this corrupt system in every way. And this is your last chance to change it. I really believe this, this is your last election where you're going to have a chance, and if we don't win between Supreme Court justices and all of the other things that are going to be so important it will be very, very sad.

Donald Trump: Very, very sad. I [Inaudible] think most of the people in this room believe that this will be your last chance to win. Not gonna happen again. And by the way, we're leading in so many polls we're leading by four points in Florida. Of all people that New York Times just put us at four points up in Florida, and that's low.

Donald Trump: They have lines in Florida, early voting, that are stretching four and five blocks. They never had lines before people walk in they vote. We're leading in Iowa. We're leading -- we're leading in North Carolina. We're leading in the great state of Ohio, big lead. We're leading all over the place and we're leading numerous national polls and those polls are all before, the bombshell of corruption, that was additionally expose or exposed for a second time on Friday.

Donald Trump: So this was all -- this was all before the big bombshell these polls came out. So I don't know what that's going to mean. I can tell you I wouldn't be voting for. We could speak for days, for weeks, months about Hillary's many crimes against this country. And its people and her efforts to conceal those crimes by destroying 33,000 e-mails.

Donald Trump: You know I'll be honest. I think that Washington D.C. sees these rallies we have. The biggest ever. It's what are the great movements of all time even the very dishonest media, the world's most dishonest people. They say it ,they say it. It's considered one of the great political phenomenons.

Donald Trump: And I will tell you but -- to me if we don't get there if we don't win in November 8 I don't consider it. A couple of them said, "Doesn't matter. What you've done will go down in the history books." they say. May be for you not for me. I've spent tremendous hours and energy and tremendous amounts of money as you know.

Donald Trump: Think it'll be in for, could be over a hundred million dollars. Which is nice because that's one hundred million we don't collect from donors and special interest. Where we have had, we've had tremendous support but where we have had the best support in all fairness is the small donor. The $61, I think, it average is something like $61. No Republican has ever been able to do that but, to me, it's an honor.

Donald Trump: Now I'll tell you, if we lose I will say, it was the greatest waste of time energy and money of my lifetime. OK. Forget -- forget going down to the history books. We're going to win. I think we're going to win. And I think -- I think went you read -- when you read WikiLeaks. When you see that Podesta, I tell you what, I would fire him so fast.

Donald Trump: He speaks so badly about her. She's got bad instincts. She, Oh ,I won't even say it. He says things about her that I won't say about her. Do you believe it. I would fire John Podesta so fast, whoever he is, I don't think I ever met the guy. But he says such bad things about her and others say such bad things to basing what you learned from -- from looking.

Donald Trump: I'll tell you what, if she never heard the word e-mail do you think she'd be a very happy woman today? It was just learned, by the way, that they found 650,000 e-mails on the current investigation of somebody else. You know, in the diamond business, in the coal, this is called, don't worry we're putting your miners back to work, clean coal, clean coal.

Donald Trump: They call this could be the mother load. You know, this could be the 33,000 that are missing. This could be the 20,000 that are missing. This could be the 15,000 that are missing. Three weeks ago they're missing a big box of e-mails. Think of it 650,000. What do you have to do to do 650 just -- if you sat and did like this.

Donald Trump: One, two, three. You'd be there for weeks. How can you have 650,000 e-mails anyway. They have 650,000 that they found was just reported. I would think they have some real bad ones. But we're going to find out. Look, hey, maybe not, maybe not. No doubt in the next nine days Hillary and her special interests will say and do something.

Donald Trump: To detract. From her crime and to distract. And also, to distract from the issues facing our country. As the Obama campaign once said, "Hillary will say anything and change nothing." You know she said that about her right? Ask President Obama. And you remember, you know, she's supposed to be everything so nice that hugging and kissing and by the way, President Obama should not be focused on Hillary Clinton getting elected.

Donald Trump: He should be focused on bringing your jobs back on beating ISIS. And for years I've heard the nastiest quote. It was a quote that if you can't control your own house, you have no right essentially to be in the White House. Right? And I said, "What a nasty quote. I would never say that quote. I would be so badly criticized for that." And then I found out, three days ago, Michelle Obama was the one that said.

Donald Trump: About Hillary, when they ran against Hillary. And then, Oh, you saw this with Biden. You know, tough guy. He's a tough guy. He's so tough that he's doing a great job of defeating ISIS isn't he? He's doing a great job in negotiating the Iran deal right? They laugh at us. But he's called me to the back of the gym.

Donald Trump: I dream about that. A dream. But you know, what I do like this watch. Watch. And he's down. He's down. He would go down so fast but somebody said something today that was very interesting. They said, "you know he made that statement. I'd like to take him to the back of the gym." I wish you'd talk that way to the ISIS right?

Donald Trump: I'd like to take him to the back of the gym and somebody said you know the announcers, these crooked people back here. They're disgusting. Now they were all saying, "Oh, what a wonderful statement. Oh was so wonderful." the way he said that .Always that good. Now, if I would've said I'd like to take Biden to the back in the gym they'd say, "He's a bully.

Donald Trump: He's a mean, mean, horrible man." right? "He's a horrible man." But with Biden I thought it was always so nice. One person even said, "That was so cute." Oh boy, folks we better win on November 8. We got to get rid of this. [Inaudible] You know Hillary said that she was gonna make him secretary of state.

Donald Trump: Now, you turned it down. He's -- the guy's exhausted but he's -- he's almost as tired as she is but not quite. But, she said he would be secretary of state. So they called. Do you have a comment. I said, "Yeah." These are the guys that have been raising taxes. These are the guys that came up with Obamacare.

Donald Trump: These are the guys who can't beat ISIS. These are the guys that are letting drugs pour into our country. We have no borders. We have no anything. Murder rate is the highest it's been in 45 years. Who the hell wants him as secretary of state. These people are there. We want to have fresh, strong, smart, tough people.

Donald Trump: But people with heart. We want people with heart. Even I will continue to address and expose the criminal corruption of Hillary Clinton and it's threat to the survival of our democracy. But I also want to spend these next nine days with the wonderful people of this country talking about my vision for making America great again.

Donald Trump: And let's talk positive. Let's talk positive. I'm starting to think we'll go positive because you know. It's all, you know, there are borders, our military's depleted everything. Let's talk about fixing our military, fixing our border. We're going to talk positive. At the core of my contract is my plan to bring back jobs.

Donald Trump: Right now, 70 million American women and children live in poverty or near the brink of poverty. 43% of African-American, school age, children live in poverty. 34% of Hispanic, school age, children live in poverty. There are 40,000 homeless veterans, our great people. Do we have any veterans in the audience . Yeah, a lot, 40,000 homeless.

Donald Trump: Yet we spend hundreds of billions of dollars providing benefits to illegal immigrants. We take care in many cases of illegal immigrants. More so that we take care of our great veterans that let us be here. We have a story, there was a story over the weekend you probably saw the veteran, he lives out of a dumpster.

Donald Trump: He gets his food from a dumpster and it was a great veteran a brave veteran and he lives out of a dumpster. We're not going to have that folks. we're not going to have that. And Hillary Clinton said, "The Veteran's Administration is doing just fine." It's not. People are waiting in line for two weeks before they can even, people are dying waiting on line for a simple prescription or procedure.

Donald Trump: It's terrible. So we're going to take care of our veterans and the veterans know it and we are overwhelming. They do polls of the veterans we are overwhelming and we're going to follow through unlike like these politicians or so many years. Hillary's refugee plan would cost $400 billion that's enough to rebuild the inner cities of America.

Donald Trump: It's time to put America first. As your president, I will go into the poorest communities and work on a national plan for revitalization. We will replace decades of failure with generations of success. We will bring prosperity to our poorest communities and neighborhoods. Safety to our most dangerous areas and hope to those places which have not known hope in a very, very long time.

Donald Trump: Add to the African-American community that lives so many in these inner cities. We're going to help. It's unsafe. You can't walk to the store and get a loaf of bread. You get shot. It's unsafe. The education is no good and there are no jobs. And I always say it, I say give me a chance what do you have to lose.

Donald Trump: Give me a chance. The Democrats have been running this thing for up to 100 years uninterrupted and all they do is they want your vote. They want your vote and then they'll say, "Thanks so much. See you in four years." they don't do a damn thing. So to the African-Americans out there that are watching on television and in the room I say, "Give me a chance.

Donald Trump: I will not disappoint you." America has lost. Thank you. One third of its manufacturing jobs since Bill Clinton signed NAFTA. By the way, the worst trade bill ever signed in history. America has lost. Listen to this, 70,000 factories since China entered the World Trade Organization under the Bill and Hillary backed disaster.

Donald Trump: Colorado lost more than 100,000 manufacturing jobs since Clinton's NAFTA and China's trade deals went into effect. We're living through the single greatest jobs theft. In the history of the world. What the world has done to us because of stupid corrupt politicians. What the world has done to us. A Trump administration will stop another disaster which will come about.

Donald Trump: If I'm not president. The Trans-Pacific Partnership renegotiate NAFTA. We have to. And we are going to stand up to China on its currency manipulation and I've done so much business with China. We're going to be fine with China. Problem with China. They have no respect for our country. They have no respect for our president.

Donald Trump: They'll respect us again. The meantime, they're building a massive fortress in the middle of the South China Sea. So they take our money. They take our jobs they make everything for us we bring it in no taxes no nothing. And yet it's almost impossible for us to do business over there. I don't if you know.

Donald Trump: It's not a -- it's not a two, this guy -- this big guy with a cowboy hat right? No? Big good looking guy. And I like him you know why he's a serious supporter right. My guy but it's like a one way street whether it's China, Mexico it's just boom. Everything goes and they get everything, we get nothing, we get unemployment.

Donald Trump: We get close factories it's got to stop. And it's so easy -- it's so easy. Because your politicians have never told you what to do. When they leave and they fire everybody and they go to let's say Mexico they make their air conditioners or their cars or whatever they make and we charge them now, nothing.

Donald Trump: So they make up, they send them but we have unemployment and close factories. Now when I tell them before they leave us, please don't leave. They'll say, "No sir, we're leaving." So here's the story, you want to leave. You want to play cool. So you go ahead and leave enjoy your factory in Mexico. That's a little hot but that's OK. Don't worry you'll get used to it. But every time you make an air conditioning unit carrier.

Donald Trump: Who left Indianapolis. Every time you make an air conditioning unit and you think you can sell it into our country tax free. Not going to happen anymore. No, no. 35% tax. 35% tax. And you know what's going to happen? When they hear that. They're not leaving folks and for the few companies that might want to take a chance that's OK. We're going to make a lot of money.

Donald Trump: OK? Its OK. Do you agree with that? Right. You know how many companies we've lost we're losing all this stuff as we're standing here today. You have people, the leaders of your companies, negotiating to leave Colorado, want to leave Ohio, and to leave Pennsylvania and North Carolina and Wyoming. Oh no it's Wyoming.

Donald Trump: Wyoming is going to love me. They love a thing called clean coal in Wyoming right? Wyoming. Great place. Tell your friends in Wyoming. The miners go back to work. OK. Would you do that? All right tell them. The miners are going back to work in Wyoming and in West Virginia and in Ohio. And by the way, the steelworkers too.

Donald Trump: We're going to lower taxes on American business from 35% to 15%. We're going to cut taxes for the middle class families by hundreds of billions of dollars a year. Middle class families have been hurt so badly like their forgotten people. They're like the forgotten people. Not anymore. And we'll end the war on American energy.

Donald Trump: Hillary Clinton has said, "By the time we get through all of my conditions, I do not think there will be any places in America where fracking will continue to take place. I mean fracking is actually not as good as people think. But essentially it's a new technology and it's had an unbelievable impact. And we have under our feet so much wealth.

Donald Trump: Don't forget we have $20 trillion, we got to pay it off. And we have so much wealth. And we want, and you know environmentally, I've received many environmental awards but I want crystal clear, crystal clean water right? I want such clean air. I want that air to be clean and I want safety. Other than that folks.

Donald Trump: That's what I want. We want water, we want air and we want safety. You see this new -- this new PAC that Obama made where we're paying billions and billions and billions of dollars. And I don't think you have any idea where to even go global warming pact. And all it does is make it impossible for our businesses to compete.

Donald Trump: So we'll make a couple of little changes when we get it. Hillary Clinton also wants to put your miners out of work. My administration will put the miners back to work and we will unleash the power of clean coal, oil, natural gas and shale energy. We will become a rich nation once again. But to be a rich nation we must also be a safe nation.

Donald Trump: Hillary wants a 550% increase in Syrian refugees over and above the thousands that are already coming in under Obama. When I'm elected president. We will suspend the Syrian refugee program and we will keep radical Islamic terrorists the hell out of our country. Sorry, sorry. A Trump administration will also secure and defend the borders of the United States.

Donald Trump: And yes, we will build a wall, and yes, Mexico will pay for the wall. They will pay for the wall. Crooked Hillary has pledged open borders which means there goes your country and she supports sanctuary cities. No longer folks. But she wants open borders. You saw that during the debate. WikiLeaks got her again.

Donald Trump: She never talked open borders she wants open borders. We could have 600 million people pour into our country. Think of it. Once you have open borders like that. You don't have a country anymore. Countless Americans are killed by illegal immigrants because our government won't do its job. Here in Colorado detective, who you know, Danny Young and Detective John Bishop were providing security at a baptism.

Donald Trump: When they were ambushed by an illegal immigrant who had multiple prior run-ins with law enforcement. A very bad actor. The illegal immigrant shot and killed Detective Young and wounded Detective Frazier the perpetrator was a known gang member and a person that people that knew him dead get him out of our country or incarcerated.

Donald Trump: It was too late. Also here in Colorado. Patricia Gunther and Deborah's direct along with a small toddler were killed by an illegal immigrant who had been arrested 16 times by seven different police departments throughout the state of Colorado. When I become president this crime wave will end and it will end very quickly.

Donald Trump: You go to take a look at the remembrance project. These are people whose children sisters and brothers every guy I'm just so sad to say I've gotten very friendly with a lot of their unbelievable and in most cases parents, where young -- young children were killed so many of them -- so many of them. We will end illegal immigration.

Donald Trump: Deport all criminal illegal immigrants and save American lives. We will save America. Under Hillary Clinton, when she was secretary of state, when they caught an illegal criminal -- illegal criminal. Could be a murderer, could be a drug pusher, could be a bad gang member. They would bring them back to their country and their country very smart would say, "We don't want them." Don't, we're not taking a bet.

Donald Trump: So that bring them back into the United States because they call her that say meaning her people. Bring them back, bring them back. We don't want. So they're now all over our country. I guarantee you, whether it's four years or eight years that won't happen. One time, when we bring them back they take it. We'll also repeal the Obama-Clinton defense sequester and rebuild our badly depleted military.

Donald Trump: In addition to General Flynn. We have the endorsements. How good is General Flynn? Is he good? We have the endorsements of over 200 admirals and generals and 22 Medal of Honor recipients. Great people gotten to know a lot them. Our Air Force is the smallest and oldest that has ever been. The smallest and oldest.

Donald Trump: We will rebuild our Air Force with new modern planes and we will also invest in the space technology and crucial work being done at Buckley Air Force Base. We'll step it up. We also need a new foreign policy that puts America first. Finally. Hillary brought disaster to Iraq, Syria, Libya. She empowered Iran.

Donald Trump: And she unleashed ISIS in the vacuum. In the vacuum. Hillary failed. Our Washington, I mean, if you take a look, our Washington establishment this week, they've spent $6 trillion on wars in the Middle East. And now, the Middle East, as far as we're concerned and as far as humanity is concerned it is -- it's in far worse shape than it's ever been.

Donald Trump: You go back 15 years ago there was nothing like that. So we spent $6 trillion. We could have rebuilt our country two or three times over. And the Middle East is in far worse shape and far more dangerous. We have the Great Migration. All of the problems look at what's happening to Germany. Look at what's happening to France, Paris, Greece.

Donald Trump: Six trillion dollars and we're in much worse shape. Think of it, that have rebuilt our country. They've dragged us into foreign wars that have made us less safe and that we don't win they have left our borders wide open at home and they've shipped our jobs and wealth to other countries. To all Americans, I say, it is time now finally for new leadership.

Donald Trump: Hillary wants to raise your taxes. To almost 50%. I'm lowering your taxes big league. My contract calls for the biggest tax cut since Ronald Reagan. Hillary opposes school choice and wants federal bureaucrats to make education choices instead of parents. My contract guarantees school choice and puts a rapid end to Common Core.

Donald Trump: We're bringing our education local. Hillary Clinton oversaw massive cuts. To the military budget and said the problems at the V.A. are not widespread. 22 suicides a day. Nobody even believes that number. 22 there were two numbers I couldn't believe. When I hear 70,000 factories gone. I never -- It doesn't sound like it's 70,000. And the other one I can't believe 22 suicides a day, events.

Donald Trump: And a lot of that is because of lack of service lack of whatever it takes. Lack of care -- lack of care. My contract reverses the defense cuts rebuilds our military when we need it almost as badly as ever before and gives veterans the right to see the doctor of their choice. Hillary Clinton attacks the integrity of police officers.

Donald Trump: She attacks the integrity of police. My contract calls for funding training and supporting the incredible men and women of law enforcement. Hillary Clinton wants to release more violent offenders from prison. And frankly from other countries as they illegally enter. My contract calls for a national plan to reduce violent crime and treats safety as a civil right on murder rate is the highest it's been in 45 years.

Donald Trump: Hillary wants to effectively abolish the Second Amendment. I always endorse. Oh that's right. That's right. That's the response in Colorado. That's a bigger response that I usually get. That's a big response. So I got -- I got the earliest endorsement ever from the National Rifle Association. We're going to save you a Second Amendment.

Donald Trump: We are going to save your Second Amendment. You don't have to worry about it. My contract calls for saving the Second Amendment and protecting the right to keep and bear arms. Very important. Hillary wants immediate amnesty open borders and virtually unlimited immigration from the most dangerous regions in the world.

Donald Trump: My plan ends illegal immigration and suspends immigration from terror prone regions. Now, I have to tell you we're going to have the wall. We need it. We're going to have a strong border but we're going to have big beautiful doors in the wall and people are going to come into our country and they're going to be proud to come in. And they're going to come in on merit.

Donald Trump: We going to, also, take people on merit. People that can help us grow the country, great people, but I just want to let you know. People will enter and come into our country. People that you love and people that will love you. But they will come in to our country legally. And we're going to speed up the process.

Donald Trump: We're going to very, very strongly speed up the process because it's forever. And it's very unfair. You know, when you have people that are in line for 10 years you can't get in and then you have somebody crosses the border and you're supposed to do that. Who's that? Oh, you know what I'm talking about father right?

Donald Trump: I love father. What is your name Father? Father Andre. Does anyone know Father Andre I've heard about Father Andre. Thank you Father Andre. So we want to speed up that process and make it a fair process. Hillary wants radical judges who will impose their personal opinions from the bench. My contract calls for the appointment of judges who uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States.

Donald Trump: And those are your federal judges. But justice is also of the Supreme Court of the United States. Great, great people we're going to appoint and great intellect. Hillary wants to go even further than Obama on illegal executive actions. I will terminate every single illegal Obama executive order and we'll restore the constitutional law.

Donald Trump: I will restore the constitutional law to this country. Finally, Hillary wants us to think small, wants us to believe things can change and once our lives to revolve around Washington D.C. I am asking you to dream big to push for bold change. And to believe in a movement powered by the people and by their love of our country.

Donald Trump: Thank you. [Audience Chants "USA"] Thank you. Is there any place better to be than a Trump rally. No place. And even with your Broncos playing. This is really good. And John Elway is a very good guy by the way. I played golf with John Elway quite a while ago. I want to tell you something in case you didn't know it. [Mosquito enters] Oh it's a mosquito.

Donald Trump: I never liked mosquito I like him even less now. But I played golf with John Elway and I will tell you something you will not be surprised at. He hits the hell out of the ball. He is long. He's got a thing called club head speed but who would be surprised at that. But he's a great guy and he's done a great job.

Donald Trump: I've been very lucky. I've led a great life. Now I want to give back to the country which has been so good to me. I've spent a career finding the untapped potential in projects and in people. Everywhere I look at this country all I see is untapped potential waiting to be set free. I'm tired of politicians telling Americans to defer their dreams to another day when they really mean to another decade.

Donald Trump: America is tired of waiting. The moment is now. It's not going to happen again. All we have to do is stop believing in our failed politicians. And start believing in each other and in our country which is so amazing. There is no challenge too great. No dream outside of our reach. Don't let anyone tell you it can't be done.

Donald Trump: It can. And I know it so well. And don't forget I spent my life on the other side. I was an insider. I was, maybe, the ultimate insider. I know them. I understand the game but I also looked across and I said our country is dying. We can't continue to lose almost $800 billion a year on bad trade deals that are there because of political interests.

Donald Trump: Because of donors and special interests. Because of campaign contributions they don't care about the country. But we can't continue to make deals like that horrible Iran deal where we give them $150 billion back or when we give them $1.7 billion in cash -- in cash and then they humiliate us by taking our 10 sailors and all sorts.

Donald Trump: And they would have kept them except that the money started pouring in two days later. So I saw what was happening and I said I love our country too much. Not that this is easy. I could be home very much enjoying watching the Denver game. I could be very much enjoying myself sitting in New York or in Florida or wherever I'm sitting watching the Denver game right.

Donald Trump: As an example but we had to do this. And again, I said it once more. There has never been in this country, Bill O'Reilly, smart guy, tough guy. He said the single greatest political phenomenon that he's witnessed in his lifetime. We don't want to blow it in November 8. We don't want to blow it. The future lies with the Dreamers not the cynics and the critics.

Donald Trump: Hillary has been there for 30 years and she has accomplished nothing. She's just made things worse. She's the candidate of yesterday we're the movement of the future we are. Our movement represents all Americans from all backgrounds and all walks of life. We are asking for the votes of Republicans, Democrats, Independents and first time voters.

Donald Trump: We're asking for the vote of every American who believes truth and justice, not money and power, should rule the day. We are fighting for every citizen who believes that government should serve the people not the donors and not the special. We are fighting to unlock the potential of every American community and every American family who hope and pray.

Donald Trump: And yearn for a better future With your vote, and we are just nine days away from the change you've been waiting for your entire life. We will win. Together we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America safe again and we will make America great again. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you Colorado. God bless you everybody. God bless you get out and vote. Get those ballots in. University Center tomorrow. Thank you.