Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-grand-junction-co-october-18-2016

Donald Trump: Thank you everybody. Thank you. Incredible. It's amazing. Thank you. Wow, this is incredible. Do you know? We have people wrapped all the way around the hangar. As deep as I see. I hope they can come over here. Should we let them over here? Yes. Right? Right? These are people from the Western Slope. We'd better let them over.

Donald Trump: Right? Come on over, folks. Get over here. We got thousands of people back there. Well that's 21 days. We're going to win the state of Colorado and we're going to win the White House. [Audience cheering] We're going to win the White House. I'll tell you what? We're going through some very interesting times.

Donald Trump: But it's going to be so exciting and November 8th. That's the big day. Get out and vote right? Get out and vote. And make sure to mail the ballots you have those ballots, those very beautiful ballots. Election Day, early voting. I think it's starts what the 24th? Is it the 24th? [Audience shouts "Yes."] Yes.

Donald Trump: So do the early voting if you can. Definitely November 8th. We get out, we're going to win. We're going to take back the White House. We're going to put America first again. [Audience cheering]. We're going to deliver real, real change. It's going to be a beautiful thing. And we are going to end the government of corruption, which it has definitely been.

Donald Trump: And we're going to drain the swamp in Washington D.C. and that's what it is. We're also going to renegotiate our terrible trade deals, end illegal immigration, stop the massive inflow of refugees, reduce surging crime all over our country, cut taxes and regulations, she wants to build your taxes, rebuild our military, which is in pretty sad shape right now, unfortunate.

Donald Trump: It's very depleted. We have the greatest people in the world in our military but it is really become depleted and we're going to fix it and make it better. And hopefully never have to use it but it's going to be there. We're going to take care of our vets and repeal and replace Obamacare. [Audience cheering] We're also going to unleash American energy including shale oil, natural gas, clean coal.

Donald Trump: That means getting rid of job killing EPA regulations that are unnecessary. So many unnecessary. We're going to put the miners right here in Colorado back to work. We're going to put them back to work. Who's a miner? Raise your hand. You. You don't look like a miner. A lot of miners. All right. Get ready to go to work.

Donald Trump: Get ready to go to work. You want to go back to work? You're going to go back to work. Your jobs will come back under a Trump administration. Your incomes will go up under a Trump administration. Your taxes will go way, way down under a Trump administration. Your companies won't be leaving Colorado under a Trump administration.

Donald Trump: We're going to have a new government that serves the people. Hasn't done that in a long time. Hillary Clinton is the most corrupt person ever to run for president. [Audience chants "Chanting something"] You heard about the newly released FBI documents? They reveal just how corrupt she is. And it is. Undersecretary of State, Patrick Kennedy, illegally pressured, who really illegally pressured, the FBI to unclassify e-mails from Hillary's illegal server.

Donald Trump: That server is a disaster. And you know, I just ripped out an article out of a paper just today where a four star general, one of the most highly respected people in the military, was charged with something and he's agreed to a devastating sentence. And it's very sad to see. And I spoke to General Kellogg and I spoke to General Flynn, who you know, they're here someplace.

Donald Trump: Where are they? Come here Generals, come here Come here. Come here. Where is General Kellogg? These guys are great. Great guy. [Audience chants "U.S.A."] Come here. Amazing. I just spoke to the Generals. These are real Generals too. These are real guys. I love having him on my plane but when I'm on my plane with them I sort of feel like I'm number three.

Donald Trump: Does that make sense? You know, they're Generals. But I will tell you, I just cut out the article. Major article in The Wall Street Journal and it talked about a certain General. A highly decorated man, a very respected man. And he just pled guilty to doing exactly what she did except, like 2% of what she did.

Donald Trump: General do you want to mention that?

Michael Flynn: And -- and he -- he basically took responsibility and accountability for his actions. She did not. And she deserve -- and she -- he did -- he did a 10th of what she did. And he's going to find himself probably, serving a jail sentence. And Hillary Clinton did exactly the same. Lie to the FBI under oath. I'm going to -- Unbelievable.

Michael Flynn: Unbelievable.

Keith Kellogg: Both Mike and I know General Cartwright. He's an honorable man. And he did what you'd expect of a senior officer. He took full accountability, full responsibility. For something that was minuscule compared to what she has done. And he's going to accept the responsibility and the consequences, which is probably a fine jail time, and the loss of a security clearance for the rest of his life.

Donald Trump: I mean honestly, it's unbelievable. Right? Unbelievable.

Keith Kellogg: Right here, The next president of the United States. Right here.

Donald Trump: Thank you fellows. Great. Great guys. Great guys. But think of General Cartwright for doing 3% of what she did. And. Life is destroyed. The State Department was trying to cover up Hillary's crime of sending classified information on a server our enemies could easily access. Now, think of what we just said about a four star general.

Donald Trump: Just happened, I just actually picked the article, I said, "Is this something like what happened with her." They said, "This is a tiny fraction of what she did." It is so -- it is so disgraceful. She shouldn't be allowed to run for the office of president. [Audience cheering] The FBI documents show that Patrick Kennedy made the request for altering classification as part of a quid pro quo.

Donald Trump: Nothing's going to happen. Do you think any of this is gonna happen? [Audience shouts "No"] You know we're wasting time. Do you think anything's -- We might as well. In fact, today, this story came out and they had it like a little story because almost as corrupt as crooked Hillary Clinton, is the media, right back there.

Donald Trump: Believe me. Believe me. Clinton and her cronies has sacrifice your security, your family's safety and your country's safety as though it meant nothing at all to her. Remember also that Hillary lied under oath to Congress saying she had never sent or received classified information on her insecure server and pretended not to know what the letter C meant.

Donald Trump: Confidential information that was classified right? Hillary then told the FBI she couldn't remember 39 -- right? 39. Thirty nine times and then, in written testimony last week under oath, she couldn't remember another 21 times. Bad memory. Got a bad memory what can you do. Take a look at the General Cartwright story.

Donald Trump: This elaborate criminal cover up included Hillary's deleting and bleaching 33,000 emails. The disappoint -- the disappearance of 13 phones, some of which, were hammered. Boom, boom. Hammered. Who hammered their phone when they got rid of it? Anybody here? Ah, oh this guy we've got to watch him. Check him.

Donald Trump: Two boxes of e-mail evidence is now missing as of two weeks ago. Missing. And the destruction of laptops. This is many times worse than Watergate. And we're going to put an end to it, come November 8. [Audience cheering] Now they say we're tied in Colorado. I don't think so. I'll be honest. I mean, something's going on here.

Donald Trump: Something's going on. You know, they say we're tied. Everyplace I go we have thousands. And you can't honestly, you don't know what's on the other side of this wall. You won't even believe it. But they say we're tied. I don't think we're tied. Another one says we're too up. One says we're four up. One said we were six or seven down.

Donald Trump: That was the one that they show on television. They don't show the other ones. These people. But they say -- let's say we're tied, then how come we have thousands and thousands of people. Thousands and thousands. Sort of an amazing thing. Oh and these people here. They're getting $1,500 to do that. Fifteen hundred dollars.

Donald Trump: You see how professional they are. Look at that guy, now he's just walking out. So yesterday there was a story that the DNC, Democratic National Committee, is sending protesters in here paying them $1,500. Look at that guy, he's like a pro. They got him out. Now he's just walking. You know it's disgusting.

Donald Trump: It just came out yesterday and I thought so. But the way they got him, he walked out. By the time he got to the door it was all over. Puts everything and now he's off. It's look at it -- look at it. Look. And you know what, it's all over the Internet. The mainstream media hardly wrote about it. And they caught him yesterday.

Donald Trump: Not him. They pay $15 hundred and they give iPhones to everybody if you go in and disrupt. This is what we're dealing with with these people. These are bad people and the press doesn't cover it. And now, look they're covering him being taken out. And they'll say a protest like he's this innocent little lamb.

Donald Trump: And then you wonder why our country is in trouble. Then you wonder why our country's in trouble. Take a look at what's happening now in Mosul. They give him four months warning. They want to get ISIS. They want to get the leaders. They announced four months ago, "We're going in to get the leaders." The leaders are smart, they say, "Hey they're coming in and to get us let's get the hell out of here." They're gone.

Donald Trump: And they're meeting resistance on top of everything else. Oh boy, whatever happened. You remember the expression the element of surprise. You get them and then you tell the public and they'll be very happy to hear it a week later, right? These people are so just sad. Another series of leaked emails show top officials in the Clinton campaign scheming to take massive sums of money from registered foreign lobbyists.

Donald Trump: But don't hear, the media talking about it. We all talk about it. WikiLeaks, proved. And by the way, they're not being covered. They want to cover fictitious stories about me. It's fiction. They want to cover fict -- They just want to cover fictitious stories on me. Wikileaks has provided things that are unbelievable.

Donald Trump: The media you have to remember is an extension of the Hillary Clinton campaign. It Is an extension. And without that, she would be nowhere. The press has created a rigged system and poised in the minds of the voters. Many of the voters. Of course, a lot of voters, their minds are just fine. They know exactly what's going on. They've rigged it from the beginning by telling totally false stories.

Donald Trump: Most recently about phony allegations where I've been under attack constantly. Instead of covering Wikileaks and all of those things, they attack business, they attacked my family, they even attacked by temperament. That's always been my best thing. I built an incredible company. True. True. I have built an incredible company.

Donald Trump: I'm fortunate to have a -- a beautiful and great family, loving family. And my temperament, it's been -- Hey, we have a winning temperament. We know how to win. We don't win anymore, right? Our country -- our country does not win anymore, folks, doesn't win. Look when do we win? We can't win with our great military because our leaders won't let us by the way, just so you know.

Donald Trump: It's not the military, our leaders won't let us. We don't win in the economy. Look at our jobs report from last week. It was a disaster. Our jobs report last week was catastrophic. And that's the last one before the election. So maybe that should help. This is an election about the truth. It's going to be about the truth.

Donald Trump: I didn't need to do this folks, that I can tell you. A lot of people cannot handle the truth but no matter what people may think of me, the one thing they know is that I'm always going to tell you what's happening, what's happening with our country. I'm telling you the good and the bad. But it's going to start being the good.

Donald Trump: I mean, you can't believe anything you see. I don't even believe the polls. I see these polls and they're not terrible. They're sort of good. Actually, if the people come out and vote, they're very nervous. I have a feeling this is another Brexit. This is going to be interesting. They don't want to show you the good thing.

Donald Trump: And if they take five polls of the same group they'll always show the bad one. But the bad ones fine. It's fine. You got to get out and vote. I'll tell you what? We are going to have one of the greatest victories in political history. If we get out and vote. And when Hillary develops the energy to go to events, she's got very small crowds.

Donald Trump: If she came up here as an example, if she came here, she would have let see. [Audience shouts "Boo"] Maybe the little group on the right hand corner but it wouldn't be them. I think the media's trying to discourage our people from getting out and voting. I do. To very crooked group of people. Without the media and all of the other corrupt entities that have helped her along the way.

Donald Trump: Honestly, she'd be nothing, folks. She'd be nothing. Tomorrow night's gonna be interesting. [Audience cheering] Now, she's home sleeping and I'm working. So that's the ways. The way it's going to be in the White House too. She'd be sleeping, I'd be working. Even my worst critics agree, the media has come after us like they have never ever, ever come after anyone before.

Donald Trump: Never. I mean, I'm like. There's never been a hit or a pylon and even they admit it. They even say it. The failing New York Times and it is failing. It won't be in business in my opinion more than three or four more years. They said in am -- in an article, in a major article. Let's face it. Balance has been on vacation since Mr. Trump stepped onto his golden Trump Tower escalator to announce his candidacy.

Donald Trump: So true, they admit it. And then they go on to say, "We don't care. We don't care. We'll do whatever is necessary to defeat him and to defeat those people." That's what they want to do. They want to stop our agenda for change but we won't let them. History is watching us now waiting to see if we will rise to the moment.

Donald Trump: The moment is going to be November 8. It's very simple. And we will. We've just begun to fight. They even want to try and rig the election at the polling booths where so many cities are corrupt and voter fraud is all too common. And then, they say, "Oh, there's no voter fraud in our country. There's no voter fraud." No, no there's no voter fraud.

Donald Trump: Take a look at Saint Lewis, take a look at Philadelphia, take a look at Chicago. And then I have even the Republicans saying, "Oh, this is so wonderful." Look. Look. If nothing else, people are going to be watching on November 8. Watch Philadelphia, watch St. Lewis, watch Chicago, watch Chicago, watch so many other places.

Donald Trump: But then you ever notice, just say, there's no voter fraud. Now, there's a voter fraud also with the media because they so poisoned the minds of people by writing for stories. They are the what? I believe, actually, they are more crooked than crooked Hillary. I really do. That's a lot. [Audience cheering] That's a lot.

Donald Trump: That's a lot. In 2014, the Washington Post, that's another beauty, published an article entitled: Could non-citizens decide the November election? OK? That's Washington Post. The article found that 14%. It's all right. Oh. [Audience member calls out "No, get the trash out"] Oh, they're having a good time.

Donald Trump: Were they friend or foe? [Audience shouts "Foe"] The article found, that 14% of non-citizens were registered to vote. And it also found non-citizen voting may have given Democrats the pivotal 60th vote needed to pass horrible Obamacare. OK? [Audience shouts "Boo"] Now, just think of that for a second. And then you heard like 1.8 million people are dead or shouldn't be on the lists.

Donald Trump: Right? You've got dead people voting. How did that happen? I don't know. And then I listened to all of these politicians saying the system is wonderful. Got to fix the system. The system is also rigged by the donors giving hundreds of millions of dollars to Hillary Clinton's campaign. The reason Crooked Hillary pushes for NAFTA or the Trans-Pacific Partnership and for completely open borders is because her international donors control her every single move.

Donald Trump: If we let the Clinton cartel run this government, history will record that 2017 was the year America lost its independence. That's true. That's true. It will not happen on our watch. OK? [Audience cheering] [Audience chants "Trump"] It's like, when they look back at us at this time and you know history. We will not be the ones that they talk about the replacement of the great Trojan horse.

Donald Trump: Right? You understand that. We're not going to be the fools that allow that to happen. And I say it again, when it comes to Washington D.C., it is time to drain the damn swamp. That's why, I'm proposing a package of ethics reforms to make our government honest once again. First, I'm going to institute a five year ban on all executive branch officials lobbying the government after they leave government service.

Donald Trump: They become rich. They become rich. Second, I'm going to ask Congress to institute its own five year ban on lobbying by former members of Congress and their staffs. They become rich. I mean, these staffs become rich. Third, I'm going to expand the definition of lobbyist so we close all loopholes that former government officials use by labeling themselves consultants and advisers.

Donald Trump: When we all know they are just lobbyists. Right? Lobbyists. Fourth, I'm going to issue a lifetime ban against senior executive branch officials lobbying on behalf of a foreign government. Right? And fifth, I'm going to ask Congress to pass a campaign finance reform that stops registered far lobbyists from raising money in American elections.

Donald Trump: Right? There's another major announcement I'm making today as part of our pledge to drain the swamp. If I'm elected president, I will push for a constitutional amendment to impose term limits on all members of Congress. [Audience cheering] I'm proposing a term limit of six years from members of the House and 12 years for members of the Senate.

Donald Trump: Long term. Decades of political failure and special interest collusion must and will finally come to an end. It's time to sweep the corruption out of Washington. That is why I will also ask for a ban on both White House and congressional officials fundraising during working hours. They're always fundraising.

Donald Trump: You know, I've been on the other side. I've been on the other side. I've been given a lot of money over the years and they always come up during the day. I say, "When do you people have time to work?" They don't have time to work, after six o'clock. When you're working for the taxpayer, you should be doing just that.

Donald Trump: Not only will we end government corruption but we will also end the crippling economic stagnation that we're in. My plan for the economy can be summed up in three very beautiful words. You know what they are? Jobs, jobs, jobs. At the center of my historic jobs plan, we'll be fixing our terrible trade deals.

Donald Trump: The worst deals that anybody's ever made economically in trade. Forty seven million Americans are in poverty. Forty five million Americans are right now in this country on food stamps. Are they're getting $1,500? Can you believe it? No. Can you believe it? And the press says they want to write this story.

Donald Trump: They get paid to do this. [Audience shouts "Boo"] [Audience chants "USA"] Can you believe they get paid for doing this? By the Democratic National Committee. Maybe I'll do it a couple of times it's good money. I got a nice new phone. Unbelievable. Oh, I'm sure their parents are very proud of them. Two people.

Donald Trump: So we have nearly an $800 billion annual trade deficit in goods with the world. That's in trade. We lose $800 billion, we have a trade deficit. And the worst so-called recovery since the Great Depression. And you people know it better than anybody right here. The worst since the Great Depression. Economic growth is at a total standstill in workers are earning less today than they were almost 20 years ago.

Donald Trump: Colorado has lost one in seven manufacturing jobs since Bill Clinton's NAFTA. A deal supported very strongly by Hillary Clinton. Who by the way, has been doing this stuff for 30 years. She's done a pretty rotten job. What you think? We lost, listen to this, 70,000 factories since China's entry into the World Trade Organization.

Donald Trump: China's gaining a lot of factors. Probably a lot more than that. Another Bill and Hillary backed deal. We're also living through the greatest jobs theft in American history. Probably in the history of the world. They say, actually, probably, in the history of the world. It's a jobs theft because our politicians are stupid.

Donald Trump: They're stupid people. And if they're not stupid, they're under the control of the special interests and donors. So whether it's stupid or corrupt, it doesn't matter. The result is the same. But Trump administration is going to renegotiate NAFTA. Stand up to foreign cheating. And you know, what they're doing with money supply?

Donald Trump: You know, what they're doing with devaluation and stop the jobs from leaving our country. As part of our plan to bring back our jobs, we're going to lower our business tax from 35% to 15%. With the highest tax in the nation, with the highest tax in the world. And we're going to be among the lower taxed in the world.

Donald Trump: We're the highest taxed nation in the world. We're going to be among the lower taxed. Not quite the lowest but we're getting there. We're also going to fix our inner cities which have been failed and instead just it's disgraceful. What Democrats have done to destroy our inner cities. 45% of African-American children under the age of six are living in poverty.

Donald Trump: 58% of African-American youth are not working. Almost 3,500 people have been shot in the city of Chicago. Listen to this, since January 1st. It's like a war zone. People are getting shot walking to the store. The education is terrible and there are no jobs. The national murder rate has experienced the largest single year increase in 45 years.

Donald Trump: To those African-Americans suffering and to those Latinos suffering, I say, "What do you have to lose?" Vote for Donald Trump. I'm going to fix it. [Audience cheering] I'm going to fix it. I will fight harder for you than anyone who's ever fought for you before. We will be a rich nation again. We'll be able to do things that we want to do. Right now, we owe $20 trillion doubled since Obama came to office.

Donald Trump: [Audience shouts "Boo"] And he should stop campaigning for crooked Hillary and he ought to get out and work on jobs and work on the border. Boy, oh boy. He's got a lot of work. Fortunately, he doesn't have much time left. But to be a rich country. We must also be a safe country. National security begins at the border.

Donald Trump: Speaking in secret to a foreign bank, Crooked Hillary Clinton said her dream is for open trade, there go your jobs. And open borders, there goes your country. It's what its is. Your jobs, your country. By open trade, she means, letting foreign countries, cheaters that have millions of jobs and trillions in wealth.

Donald Trump: By open borders, she means, totally unlimited immigration. Come on in, folks. Come on. Hillary's plan, includes an open border with the Middle East. Meaning, generations of radicalism and terrorism spreading and growing within our shores and in your own community. Just today, an Iraqi refugee approved for entry by Hillary Clinton State Department pled guilty to joining ISIS.

Donald Trump: He entered as a refugee in November 2009 then was approved for a green card in 2011. It's one of hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of examples of the United States voluntarily. Right? Voluntarily. Admitting people from the world's most dangerous places who turn out to be terrorists. And by the way, we won't go over the stats and we will go over individual cases.

Donald Trump: But the crime is unbelievable, vicious and violent. So let me state this, as clearly as I can. If I'm elected president, I am going to keep radical Islamic terrorists the hell out of our country. [Audience cheering] That's the Trojan Horse, folks. That's the Trojan horse. We will also stop the crisis of illegal immigration.

Donald Trump: A Trump administration will secure our borders and protect our jobs including jobs for millions of African-American and Latino workers. We're going to work it. And yes, we will build the wall. [Audience chants "Build that wall"] Oh, we're going to build the wall. Don't worry. And Mexico is going to pay for the wall.

Donald Trump: They just don't know it when. They don't know it when. We have the first ever endorsement from our ICE and Border Patrol officers. Great people. ICE just two weeks ago. As Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton allowed thousands of criminal aliens to be released because their home countries refused to take them.

Donald Trump: They were too violent. They were too violent. So we took them back. Who would do this? Who would do this? You know who do this? A weak and pathetic politician would do that. The ICE officer described Hillary's proposal as the most radical immigration proposal in United States history. Here is a summary of what she wants to do. Support sanctuary cities.

Donald Trump: Social Security Medicare and lifetime welfare for all illegal immigrants by making them citizens. Obamacare, which will die anyway, for illegal immigrants. No bid. And -- and this is crazy. No deportation of visa overstays. Expanding catch and release on the border. Expanding President Obama's unconstitutional executive amnesty including instant work permits for millions of illegal workers.

Donald Trump: There go your jobs. Freeing even more criminal aliens by expanding Obama's non enforcement directive. And here's the top rival, as you know, President Obama has let thousands and thousands of people come in from Syria. She wants to have a 550% increase in Syrian refugees coming into this country. Either we win this election or we lose the country.

Donald Trump: This is the last time we've got a shot, folks. Not going to happen after that. The numbers aren't there. The numbers aren't there. This the last time. I hope you get up on November 8th. You send in those early ballots. But I hope you get up in November 8th and get out and get every person you know out to vote.

Donald Trump: Under a Trump administration, it's going to be again America first. Remember that. Finally, here are some of the amazing things we're going to do for our country starting in 2017. We're going to have the biggest tax cut since Ronald Reagan. Maybe bigger. We'll eliminate every unnecessary job killing regulation.

Donald Trump: Where you folks are being killed up here. We're going to unleash job creating American energy which is a big factor here. We are going to defend religious liberty. We're going to provide school choice to every low income child in America. And we're going to end Common Core. Bring education locally. [Audience cheering] We're going to rebuild our depleted military and we're going to take care of our great, great veterans.

Donald Trump: It's time. We are going to support the men and women of law enforcement. We will save our Second Amendment which is totally under siege. And we will appoint justices to the United States Supreme Court who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States. You have 21 days to make every dream you ever dreamed for your country, for your family, for yourselves come true.

Donald Trump: Our campaign is powered by our love for this country and our love for our fellow citizens. We're gonna to have a unified country again. It's a campaign about rejecting the cynicism and elitism of our failed political establishment. On November 8th, we are going to win. I'm going to fight for every citizen of every background from every stretch of this nation.

Donald Trump: I'm going to fight for every child living in poverty. I'm going to fight for every mom and for every dad who's lost child to illegal immigration and drugs and gang violence is deplorable to use her horrible term in referring to certain friends of mine. And irredeemable. That's even worse. That means, you have no chance.

Donald Trump: I'm going to fight for every community whose jobs and dreams have been ripped out and shipped to other countries. Lot of jobs. I'm going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the people not the donors and the special interest. And I am going to fight to bring Americans together for the first time in a long time.

Donald Trump: Imagine what our country could accomplish if we started working together as one people under one God, saluting one American flag. Right? In 10 years, 20 years, 30 years, 40 years you're going to look back at this rally for the rest of your life and you're going to be very, very proud. This is a movement that we have going like they have never seen before.

Donald Trump: They're trying everything they can to stop it. They're doing everything they can to stop it. They're fighting, the press is fighting, Crooked Hillary is fighting. They're doing everything they can. They're lying, they're cheating, they're stealing. They're doing everything these people right back here. Everything they can to stop it. But I don't think they're going to stop it. I don't think they're going to stop it. You're going to look back at this election and say, "This is by far the most important vote that you've ever cast for anyone at any time." We're going to have a real government of by and for the people for the first time in a long time.

Donald Trump: You are going to be once again so proud of your country. And hopefully, you'll be very, very proud of your president. I promise you that we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you everybody. God bless you. [Audience cheering] God bless you. Thank you.