Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-new-york-ny-november-9-2016

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you very much, everyone. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Sorry to keep you waiting; complicated business; complicated. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. [Applause]

Donald Trump: I've just received a call from Secretary Clinton. [Applause]

Donald Trump: She congratulated us -- it's about us -- on our victory, and I congratulated her and her family on a very, very hard-fought campaign. I mean, she -- she fought very hard. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Hillary has worked very long and very hard over a long period of time, and we owe her a major debt of gratitude for her service to our country. [Applause]

Donald Trump: I mean that very sincerely. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Now it's time for America to bind the wounds of division; have to get together. To all Republicans and Democrats and independents across this nation, I say it is time for us to come together as one united people. [Applause]

Donald Trump: It's time. I pledge to every citizen of our land that I will be president for all Americans, and this is so important to me. [Applause]

Donald Trump: For those who have chosen not to support me in the past, of which there were a few people... [Laughter]

Donald Trump: ... I'm reaching out to you for your guidance and your help so that we can work together and unify our great country. [Applause]

Donald Trump: As I've said from the beginning, ours was not a campaign, but rather an incredible and great movement made up of millions of hard- working men and women who love their country and want a better, brighter future for themselves and for their families. [Applause]

Donald Trump: It's a movement comprised of Americans from all races, religions, backgrounds and beliefs who want and expect our government to serve the people, and serve the people it will. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Working together, we will begin the urgent task of rebuilding our nation and renewing the American Dream. I've spent my entire life and business looking at the untapped potential in projects and in people all over the world. That is now what I want to do for our country. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Tremendous potential. I've gotten to know our country so well -- tremendous potential. It's going to be a beautiful thing. Every single American will have the opportunity to realize his or her fullest potential. The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer. [Applause]

Donald Trump: We are going to fix our inner cities and rebuild our highways, bridges, tunnels, airports, schools, hospitals. We're going to rebuild our infrastructure, which will become, by the way, second to none. And we will put millions of our people to work as we rebuild it.

Donald Trump: We will also finally take care of our great veterans. [Applause]

Donald Trump: They've been so loyal, and I've gotten to know so many over this 18-month journey. The time I've spent with them during this campaign has been among my greatest honors. Our veterans are incredible people. We will embark upon a project of national growth and renewal. I will harness the creative talents of our people and we will call upon the best and brightest to leverage their tremendous talent for the benefit of all. It's going to happen. [Applause]

Donald Trump: We have a great economic plan. We will double our growth and have the strongest economy anywhere in the world. At the same time, we will get along with all other nations willing to get along with us. We will be. [Applause]

Donald Trump: We'll have great relationships. We expect to have great, great relationships. No dream is too big, no challenge is too great.

Donald Trump: Nothing we want for our future is beyond our reach.

Donald Trump: America will no longer settle for anything less than the best. [Applause]

Donald Trump: We must reclaim our country's destiny and dream big and bold and daring. We have to do that. We're going to dream of things for our country and beautiful things and successful things once again.

Donald Trump: I want to tell the world community that while we will always put America's interests first, we will deal fairly with everyone, with everyone -- all people and all other nations. We will seek common ground, not hostility; partnership, not conflict.

Donald Trump: And now I'd like to take this moment to thank some of the people who really helped me with this what they are calling tonight very, very historic victory.

Donald Trump: First, I want to thank my parents, who I know are looking down on me right now. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Great people. I've learned so much from them. They were wonderful in every regard. I had truly great parents.

Donald Trump: I also want to thank my sisters, Maryanne and Elizabeth, who are here with us tonight. And, where are they? They're here someplace. They're very shy, actually. And my brother Robert -- my great friend. Where is Robert? Where is Robert? [Applause]

Donald Trump: My brother Robert. And they should all be on this stage, but that's OK. They're great. And also my late brother, Fred. Great guy. Fantastic guy. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Fantastic family. I was very lucky. Great brothers, sisters; great, unbelievable parents.

Donald Trump: To Melania and Don... [Applause]

Donald Trump: ... and Ivanka... [Applause]

Donald Trump: ... and Eric and Tiffany and Baron, I love you and I thank you, and especially for putting up with all of those hours. This was tough. [Applause]

Donald Trump: This was tough. This political stuff is nasty and it's tough. So I want to thank my family very much. Really fantastic. Thank you all. Thank you all.

Donald Trump: And Lara, unbelievable job, unbelievable.

Donald Trump: Vanessa, thank you. Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: What a great group. You've all given me such incredible support and I will tell you that we have a large group of people. You know, they kept saying we have a small staff. Not so small. Look at all the people that we have. Look at all of these people.

Donald Trump: And Kellyanne and Chris and Rudy and Steve and David. We have got -- we have got tremendously talented people up here. And I want to tell you, it's been -- it's been very, very special. I want to give a very special thanks to our former mayor, Rudy Giuliani. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Unbelievable. Unbelievable. He traveled with us and he went through meetings. That Rudy never changes. Where's Rudy? Where is he? Rudy.

Donald Trump: Governor Chris Christie, folks, was unbelievable. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Thank you, Chris.

Donald Trump: The first man, first senator, first major, major politician, and let me tell you, he is highly respected in Washington because he's as smart as you get: Senator Jeff Sessions. Where is Jeff? [Applause]

Donald Trump: Great man.

Donald Trump: Another great man, very tough competitor. He was not easy. He was not easy. Who is that? Is that the mayor that showed up? [Laughter]

Donald Trump: Is that Rudy? Oh, Rudy got up here.

Donald Trump: Another great man who has been really a friend to me. But I'll tell you, I got to know him as a competitor because he was one of the folks that was negotiating to go against those Democrats: Dr. Ben Carson. Where is Ben? [Applause]

Donald Trump: Where is Ben?

Donald Trump: And by the way, Mike Huckabee is here someplace, and he is fantastic. Mike and his family, Sarah -- thank you very much.

Donald Trump: General Mike Flynn. Where is Mike? [Applause]

Donald Trump: And General Kellogg. We have over 200 generals and admirals that have endorsed our campaign. And they're special people and it's really an honor. We have 22 congressional Medal of Honor recipients. We have just tremendous people.

Donald Trump: A very special person who believed me and, you know, I'd read reports that I wasn't getting along with him. I never had a bad second with him. He's an unbelievable star. He is... [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: That's right. How did you possibly guess? So let me tell you about Reince, and I've said this. I said, Reince -- and I know it, I know. Look at all those people over there. I know it. Reince is a superstar. But I said, They can't call you a superstar

Donald Trump: But I'll tell you, Reince is really a star. And he is the hardest-working guy. And in a certain way, I did this -- Reince, come up here. Where is Reince? Get over here, Reince. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Boy oh boy oh boy. It's about time you did this, Reince. My God. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Say a few words. No, come on, say something.

Reince Priebus: Ladies and gentlemen, the next president of the United States, Donald Trump. [Applause]

Reince Priebus: Thank you. It's been an honor. God bless. Thank God.

Donald Trump: Amazing guy.

Donald Trump: Our partnership with the RNC was so important to the success and what we've done.

Donald Trump: So I also have to say I've gotten to know some incredible people -- the Secret Service people. [Applause]

Donald Trump: They're tough and they're smart and they're sharp, and I don't want to mess around with them, I can tell you. And when I want to go and wave to a big group of people and they rip me down and put me back down on the seat. But they are fantastic people, so I want to thank the Secret Service. [Applause]

Donald Trump: And law enforcement in New York City. They're here tonight. [Applause]

Donald Trump: These are spectacular people, sometimes under-appreciated unfortunately, but we appreciate them. We know what they go through.

Donald Trump: So, it's been what they call a historic event, but to be really historic, we have to do a great job. And I promise you that I will not let you down. We will do a great job. We will do a great job. [Applause]

Donald Trump: I look very much forward to being your president, and hopefully at the end of two years or three years or four years, or maybe even eight years... [Applause]

Donald Trump: ... you will say, so many of you worked so hard for us, but you will say that -- you will say that that was something that you really were very proud to do and I can... [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: And I can only say that while the campaign is over, our work on this movement is now really just beginning. [Applause]

Donald Trump: We're going to get to work immediately for the American people. And we're going to be doing a job that hopefully you will be so proud of your president. You'll be so proud. Again, it's my honor. It was an amazing evening. It's been an amazing two-year period. And I love this country. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you very much. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Thank you to Mike Pence. Thank you. [Applause]