Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-colorado-springs-co-september-17-2016

Donald Trump: This is great in a hangar yet, right? In a hangar. Boy, oh, boy. It's a movement like they haven't seen before. I must tell you that just before I got off the plane a bomb went off in New York and nobody knows exactly what's going on. But boy, we are living in a time -- we better get very tough, folks. We better get very, very tough.

Donald Trump: Just happened. So we'll find out but it's a terrible thing that's going on in our world and in our country. And we are going to get tough and smart and vigilant. And we're going to end it. We're going to end it, so -- we'll see what it is. We'll see what it is. In any event, I am so thrilled to be in Colorado, a special place, special, special, really special place.

Donald Trump: A new poll from Emerson just came out and we're up four points in Colorado, right? And we haven't spent any money on advertising yet, that's even better. You know in the old days if you could be up and have a smaller crew and spend no money, you were considered a genius. Today, if you don't spend a lot of money, you don't have a big crew, they say, oh, he's not spending a lot of money.

Donald Trump: But we're going to spend a lot of money in Colorado. Because we're going to take Colorado. We don't want to take any chances, all right? We don't want to take any chances. So Reuters has just projected a win for us in Florida. We're going to win in Florida. And we're up in Ohio, and we're up in Iowa, we're up eight points in Iowa.

Donald Trump: We're up four or five points in Ohio and amazing people. You look at what's going on with our manufacturing being sucked out of our country. We're not going to be having that happen long, folks. It's not going to happen long. Believe me. We're up in North Carolina. We're up in many, many polls nationwide.

Donald Trump: The Los Angeles Times has us up six points nationwide. So we're good. We're good. In other words, I think we're going to win is what I'm saying, right? You know they call this a movement and all over they're talking about it as a movement. Bill O'Reilly said one of the great phenomenons he's ever seen. Actually, he said it's the greatest political phenomena he's seen in his lifetime.

Donald Trump: But I'll tell you something. It doesn't mean anything if we don't win. We got to win. We got to win. It's going to be a victory for the people. It's going to be a victory for you, all the way in that corner over there, boy, we got a lot of people here. This is a big hanger and it's full, big hangar, and I appreciate it. Starting in 2017, anything we dream of for our country will be achieved.

Donald Trump: It's going to be achieved. It's time to start thinking and dreaming big. We don't dream big anymore in this country. Bigger than all of those petty politicians that don't have a clue. Believe me. Our plan begins with economic prosperity. My economic agenda can be summed up in three very beautiful words. You know what they are?

Donald Trump: Jobs, jobs, jobs. [Audience chants "Jobs, jobs, jobs"] We're going to have a massive tax reduction. Big, big-league tax reduction. For working and middle-class families, we're going to reduce, and this is so important, reduce job-killing regulations and raise your incomes way up high. We're going to keep our good jobs.

Donald Trump: We have bad jobs. We're going to keep building for our good jobs back. [Audio overlap "for our country"] They've been sucked away. We're going to renegotiate our disastrous trade deals. Now, that doesn't mean -- you know, these press, they are so dishonest. [Audience yells "Boo"] I'm all for trade but we want good deals, we don't want bad deals.

Donald Trump: When I say I'm going to renegotiate, they say Trump's anti-trade. I'm totally for trade but we're going to have great deals for our country. We're going to have job-producing deals, not jobs-sucking deals. Oh, I don't even like this to say. It's going to be a long, slow, tragic death. And then maybe you'll get to use a little tiny piece.

Donald Trump: But that's going to be the last thing you're worried about. Believe me. We're going to appoint Supreme Court justices who uphold the Constitution of the United States. So important. We're going to work with law enforcement, our police, to stop the surge of violent crime. We're going to revitalize our crumbling infrastructure.

Donald Trump: We're going to provide school choice to every disadvantaged child in America of which we have many. And we're going, by the way, to end Common Core. We're bringing in our education local. We're going to end illegal immigration and yes, we will build a wall. We're going to build a wall. And you know what?

Donald Trump: They don't know it yet but they're starting to get the idea. And they're great people and they're very good leaders much smarter than our leaders. Believe me. But Mexico will be paying for that wall, OK? They will be paying for that wall. We know that. We're going to keep the terrorists out of our country and apply new screening standards, 100%. To admit people that love our country and want to love our country and people that want to love our people.

Donald Trump: We're going to defeat ISIS and radical Islamic terrorism. We're going to rebuild our badly depleted military, the greatest people on earth, but we've got to build. We have to rebuild our military. It's depleted. Our fighters are 18 years old in some cases. They go out to replace parts. They go to the airplane graveyards to get parts because they don't make them anymore.

Donald Trump: They go to museums to take parts off planes. These are fighter jets that we have right now. You've seen it. It is terrible. This is not the United States of America, folks. And we're going to remember those three very famous words, peace through strength. That's what we're going to have. And hopefully, we won't have to use our strength so much but we need it maybe more than ever before.

Donald Trump: In all things, it's going to be America first. America first. You don't hear that anymore. You don't hear that anymore. You go out and you see these trade deals and it looks like we're doing the deals for other countries. [Audience chants "USA"] Correct. Correct. That is so correct. In this mission, we are going to campaign in every community in our country.

Donald Trump: This is our chance to replace a failed, corrupt, and dishonest political establishment with a new government that answers to the citizens, not to the special interests. We can't keep listening to the same people who created all of these in the first place. By the way Hillary Clinton, we're not going to listen and we're not going to take it anymore.

Donald Trump: We're going to do what we know we have to do. [Audience chants - Inaudible] That's why I'm proud. And by the way, when you say that, let's just win in November 8th, OK? It's so simple. Get out, vote, bring everybody. If you're feeling horrible, just horrible, if you're sick, you're really sick, you can't get out of bed, I don't give a you-know-what.

Donald Trump: I don't even use that word anymore because if I use that word, they'll say he used foul language it is -- So I won't even use that word. That starts with a D, right? You know not so bad. I don't even like using the H-word. You know the place that's down there. Because if I use that word, they'll say he used foul language.

Donald Trump: See? I've learned, it's been a process. I've learned but that's why I'm so proud to have the endorsement of the people who actually are on the ground, they're on the ground. They know what needs to be done not the insiders from Washington D.C. They know what has to be done too but they'll never do it because they're working for themselves.

Donald Trump: I see a mosquito. Right now, I don't like mosquitoes too much, folks. Get out of here you mosquito. I never mind the mosquitoes now I'm not loving them, I must be out. This week I was honored to get the endorsement of 17 recipients of the Medal of Honor. And many, many of our incredible military leaders, we now have the endorsement of more than 160 top Generals and Admirals.

Donald Trump: That's a lot. We also have the support and endorsement of 16,500 Border Patrol agents, first time they've ever endorsed a presidential candidate. Earlier today, I had a chance to spend some time with the victims of illegal immigrant violence and this is violence. These are great people of all races and all backgrounds.

Donald Trump: They're all united by one common fact their government failed them in its most basic duty. They just -- and I have to tell you, it was so sad and maybe some of you saw it today it was on television but we received the endorsement of the nation's largest Police Fraternal Order. It's called the Fraternal Order of Police.

Donald Trump: And we talked about it this morning. If you would see these people who lost their daughters, their sons, their husbands, their wives to the most violent people, the most violent people, you would say that when I first came out and I started talking about trade deals and I started talking about energy but I started talking about illegal immigration.

Donald Trump: You would say, boy, oh boy, was he right about that. And we're going to stop the crime. We're going to stop the drugs from pouring across our border and poisoning our youth and you have the same problem right here. We're going to stop that problem, not only our youth, by the way, many, many people are being poisoned by what's pouring across that border.

Donald Trump: So we're going to stop it and we're going to stop it [Inaudible] Last night in Fort Worth Texas, a newly commissioned officer in training and his field office were shot while responding to a possible suicide. Also last night in Philadelphia, a 19-year police veteran was shot eight times. The Police Commissioner said it was a miracle that she wasn't killed, she.

Donald Trump: Also, another officer who formerly served for 33 years at the Philadelphia Police Department was shot numerous times. Our prayers are with all of the victims. We must stand with our police. We must. And I'm so greatly honored to have the support of our local law enforcement and all law enforcement. We have such incredible law enforcement support.

Donald Trump: Our men and women in military uniform, unbelievable support, and the support of firefighters, Paramedics, and so many any other public servants. We have got support. I'll tell you what, folks. I'm looking and I'm seeing every place we go we have crowds like this, every place. We just left. We were in Texas, we're in Oklahoma, every place we go, we're having crowds like this.

Donald Trump: There's something special going on. We're going to take -- [Audience chants "USA"] Is there any place that's more fun to be? And look at this. I mean, how beautiful is this? Than a Trump rally, no place, no place safer, and there's no place safer. That I can tell you. A lot of love. There's a lot of love.

Donald Trump: I just want to tell you this and I mean this from the bottom of my heart, it's November 8th, if we win not me, if we win -- I'm the messenger. I'm doing a good job as the messenger. But we all know what has to be done and we are going to do something special and I promise you this, I will never ever let you down.

Donald Trump: You're not going to be let down. You're not going to be let down. Our support comes from all regions, all backgrounds, and all walks of life. You're the bricklayers and the home builders and the doctors and the dentists in the carpenters and the welders. Young and old, rich and poor, black, white, Hispanic, but above all else, we're Americans and that's the support.

Donald Trump: We're Americans. [Audience chants "USA"] So you heard this word, and while my opponent Hillary Clinton, ay -- [Audience yells "Boo"] How many years have we been saying this name? You know, I keep hearing that she wants to do this, she wants to do that. Where has she been for 35 years, she's been doing this?

Donald Trump: Where has she been? My opponent slanders you as deplorable [Audience yells "Boo"] and a word that hasn't been picked up to the same extent, irredeemable, that means you can't be made better or whatever. That means you're always going to be deplorable, right? I don't think so. I don't think so. I call you hard-working American patriots who love your family and love your country and you want us -- you want to see it be better.

Donald Trump: Hillary Clinton's comments and there were angry comments, did you see her making this? I was watching -- I was starting to fall asleep watching. Because it's hard to stay awake. Let's face it. So I'm starting to doze off and then I heard the word deplorable and I said, whoa, and irredeemable. Think of it. But her comments displayed the same sense of arrogance and entitlement that led her to violate Federal law as Secretary of State, hide and delete 33,000 e-mails.

Donald Trump: Think of it, 33,000 but it really had to do with yoga and the wedding. Yoga. So what do we do? We give yoga five and the wedding three, right? Where are the rest of them? Destroy her phones and think of this with a hammer, bomb, 13 of them. Put classified information in the reach of our enemies, lied to Congress, and sell government favors and access, who sells government favors and access.

Donald Trump: It's the same attitude of arrogance and entitlement that explains why she has never taken accountability for the disaster she created in the Middle East. What you're seeing is largely a creation of Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton. [Audience yells "Boo"] Before she came into office, Libya was stable, Syria was under control, right?

Donald Trump: You just said it. Iraq was seeing a reduction in violence and Iran was being totally choked off by sanctions. They were not -- they were not going to make it. The group we -- today and you see it today, we call ISIS. This is the group that was formed we call ISIS and it was close to being extinguished. Now, after Hillary, here's what we have.

Donald Trump: Libya, Syria, and Iraq are in total chaos. Iran is on the path to nuclear weapons and is becoming not a local power but a world power. So fast. How fast has this is taken? They were dying two years ago. Look what's happened. And remember, the $400 million in cash, well, that turned out to be wrong. I'm sorry.

Donald Trump: It turned out to be $1.7 billion in cash. [Audience yells "Boo"] But can you imagine? Can you imagine the scene of $1.7 billion in cash, different denominations? I mean, the whole thing is so -- it wasn't $400 million, it was $1.7 billion. Who does this? Where were these people coming from? And now, you look at Iran, and they're emboldened.

Donald Trump: They want to shoot down our airplanes. You see with the little boats going around our ships? You see that and taunting. They're taunting. They feel emboldened after all of this. Oh boy, oh boy, oh boy, it's going to be so different, folks. I promise. Can you imagine the captain on the destroyer as they keep circling with these little boats?

Donald Trump: He wants to shoot them out of the water so badly. He was standing there like this just looking -- just look and say what is going on? where have we -- where have we come and gone? ISIS is spreading everywhere and launching attacks against the West. Her judgment on the economy is no better. Hillary's donors and advisers are the same people who gave us NAFTA, the worst trade deal in the history, not of our country, in the history of our world.

Donald Trump: There has never been a trade deal as bad as NAFTA anywhere in the world. You look at upstate New York, you look at New England, you look at Colorado, you look at the manufacturing that's been ripped out of Ohio and Pennsylvania and everywhere. And it's gone to Mexico and other places. And I tell the story because I have a friend -- better than a consultant, it cost me nothing.

Donald Trump: He is a great guy. He builds plants and I said to him, how are you doing? He said I'm doing unbelievably. We're building the greatest plants in the world. Where? He said Mexico. What about our country? Not so much, OK? [Audience yells "Boo"] It's going to change, folks. It's going to go the opposite. Believe me. They allowed China, the entry into the World Trade Organization, you see where that got us. And now she wants to approve Trans-Pacific Partnership.

Donald Trump: This will be -- [Audience yells "Boo"] she called it the gold standard. This will be a disaster. Her policies have produced suffering everywhere but especially in our inner-cities, 45% of African-Americans under the age of six are living in poverty, 58% of African-American youth are not employed. More than 3,000 people have been shot in the city of Chicago since January 1st. Can you imagine?

Donald Trump: By the way, by the way, that's worse than Afghanistan. That's worse than these war-torn countries. It's more dangerous. The jobs are gone. The schools are failing. The communities are totally unsafe. And to the African-Americans living in those communities, I say, vote for Donald Trump. What do you have to lose?

Donald Trump: What do you have to lose? I will fix it. I will fix it. I'll bring you back your jobs and your security and I'll fight for you harder than anyone who has ever fought before. These cities have been run by the policies of Hillary Clinton and her friends. And I'm telling you they're only getting worse. They're getting worse every time.

Donald Trump: She wants your vote and then she said see you like in four years. But hopefully, we're not going to be worried about that. It is really sad -- it is really sad what's happened to our inner-cities. They want your vote and by the way, the Democrats have run them for 50, 60, 70, even 100 years Uninterrupted, 100 years, and look what you have.

Donald Trump: I will fix it, remember that. What do you have to lose? Somebody said, oh, that's not a nice thing what you have to lose. How can you be any more accurate than that? What do you have to lose? Everywhere she goes, scandal and failure follow. Just look at what she did in upstate New York. She promised 200,000 jobs and they ended up losing jobs.

Donald Trump: Remember she was running for the Senate. It was a total disaster. She said we're going to bring jobs back. It was a tot -- she didn't bring anything we lost jobs. The only people she delivers for are her donors. I'm going to deliver for the American people. I promise you that. And I'm spending my money on this race, folks.

Donald Trump: I'm spending my money. I've got a lot of time, energy, and my money invested. That's for sure. So that includes lifting the restrictions. We have to do this on American energy. There's $50 trillion of untapped energy reserves in our country. And we're going to unlock that vast protection. That's going to be an amazing unlocking too.

Donald Trump: Believe me. This is one action alone will raise the quality of life for tens of millions of Americans. We'll be a rich country again. We'll start paying off our debt. We'll lower your taxes. It's going to be a very beautiful thing to watch. We're also going to completely reform our trade deals. Ford, Ford Motor Company just announced they're moving all of their small car division.

Donald Trump: They're moving, where are they moving? They're moving to Mexico. [Audience yells "Boo"] This won't happen if I'm elected President. Believe me. People are not going to be stealing our companies and we're not going to be losing our jobs. And if somebody like Ford or Carrier or all of these thousands of companies that are moving, if they think they're going to move, fire all of their employees so we get unemployment and we get no tax, they get to make product and brand new plants is another country, selling into our country again, and remember this, it will not be crossing a very, very strong border, OK? Very strong.

Donald Trump: We're going to charge them a 35% tax on their product. And you know what they're going to say? They're going to say we're not moving because if we have to do that it no longer makes sense to move. And the politicians could have done it. They could have done it. They don't want to do it because they're controlled by special interests, folks.

Donald Trump: It's very simple. Meanwhile, if we just stop China from stealing, our intellectual property alone would save two million jobs a year. We don't even talk to China about it. Right now, our trade deficit in goods all over the world is nearly $800 billion a year. Think of it. Who makes these deals? Who makes these deals?

Donald Trump: We have a trade deficit of $800 billion a year. And then they say, I'm against trade, well, I'm against deals like that. I could tell you. You're better off -- I mean, you're better off without them. This subtracts from our GDP, our economy grew only 1.1% in the last quarter and that's a catastrophe. If China goes down to 7% or 8% it's like a national emergency.

Donald Trump: We have 1.1% it's pathetic. This is the weakest so-called recovery since the Great Depression. Another 14 million people have left the workforce and entirely, it all came in entirely, since President Obama came into office. [Audience yells "Boo"] Another major reform is going to be school of choice. I've outlined a plan to provide every disadvantaged child in America to choose the private and public magnet or religious school of his or her choice.

Donald Trump: For those of you that believe in education like I do this will help lift millions of African-American and Hispanic children out of poverty. Since President Obama came into office, another 2 million Hispanic-Americans have fallen into poverty. This is unacceptable. To the Hispanic community, I say, we are going to protect your jobs.

Donald Trump: We are going to build up your schools and we are going to deliver safety and opportunity to your children and you deserve it. Earlier this week along with my daughter, Ivanka, I also -- She's got a great heart that I will tell you. I also rolled out a plan to help our mothers and our families get affordable childcare.

Donald Trump: A married couple earning $50,000 per year with two children and $8,000 in childcare expenses will save 35% from their current tax bill. A married couple earning $75,000 per year with two children and $10,000 in childcare expenses will receive a 30% reduction in your tax bill. Millions of low-income people will be removed from the tax rolls entirely.

Donald Trump: A Trump administration will deliver every American three things: a great economy, a safe country, and an honest government free of corruption. We're going to get rid of it. I'm going to reduce taxes, big league. We are going to reduce taxes, and by the way, Hillary Clinton is going to raise your taxes very, very substantially.

Donald Trump: [Audience yells "Boo"] We're going to reduce taxes, eliminate horrible regulations, unleash American energy, appoint the great judges, save the Second Amendment, reduce crime, create school choice, and illegal immigration, and renegotiate our terrible trade deals to put Americans back to work, and to put Americans first.

Donald Trump: We will rebuild our roads, our bridges, our tunnels, our highways, airports, schools, and hospitals. American cars will travel the roads. American planes will soar the skies and American ships will control the seas. Americans steel will send new skyscrapers into the clouds that includes Denver. They have some very nice skyscrapers.

Donald Trump: American hands will rebuild this nation and American energy, mined from American resources will power this nation. American workers will be hired to do the job. We will put new American steel into the spine of our country. I will fight for every neglected part of this nation and I will fight to bring us all together, united in common purpose and common dreams.

Donald Trump: Imagine what our country could accomplish if we started working together as one people, under one God, saluting one American flag. [Audience chants "USA"] It's time to break with the bitter failures of the past. [Audience chants "USA"] It's time to just -- we have to break. We have to break with those failures.

Donald Trump: We have so many failures. You know think of it, we don't win anymore, folks. Where do we win? We don't win. We don't win with crime. We don't win with schools. We don't win with trade. Our military is depleted. Our vets aren't being treated properly and we are going to treat our vets properly. We lose with healthcare.

Donald Trump: We don't live anymore. We don't win. Our military can't beat ISIS. Can you imagine the great General Douglas MacArthur or the great General George Patton saying we can't beat ISIS? Patton would rip your heart out if you ever said that. We can't beat, right? Can you imagine that though? Can you imagine what -- they're spinning right now.

Donald Trump: They're watching -- They're spinning in their grave. And so often they'll ask me how do you defeat ISIS? I said you know what? I have a real chance of winning. I don't want to tell the enemy how I am thinking. Does that make sense? Can you imagine General Douglas MacArthur saying at a news conference? Well, that's a very good question, Jim.

Donald Trump: We're going to hit him from the front on October 7th at 3 o'clock in the afternoon and then, we're going to attack him from the back if we do well from the front. But by that time the front is so well fortified. We may not do as well. Now can you imagine these people? I will give you good results. Don't worry how I get there, OK? Please.

Donald Trump: We had a clown today an absolute clown, Robert Gates. He's supposed to be the [Inaudible]. He's been there forever. By the way, he writes a book he says bad about everybody that he's worked for. He's been there for a long time. Everybody that he's worked for, he's got -- he's a nasty guy. Probably has a problem that we don't know about but he's a nasty guy.

Donald Trump: And he spoke badly about Bush. He spoke badly about Obama's. He speaks badly about everything. Never met the guy, never saw him, I saw him on television didn't like him. The end result was -- look where we are. He's a mess, OK? He's the mess. So he goes out and he says negative things about me. I never met him.

Donald Trump: I never talked to him. Believe me. I am so much better at what he's doing than he is. You won't even believe it. Look what he gave us. Look at the mess of all of these people that have been there for so many years. Look what we have. Look at the Middle East. If we never touched them we would have been a hell of a lot better off than we are right now.

Donald Trump: What a shame. All of the money, but most importantly, the blood, the death. And what do we have now? We're in worse shape than we were 15 years ago by a factor of 10. And we've spent $6 trillion, $6 trillion that seems to be the new number, $6 trillion. Much more importantly, the lives that would be lost because we're dealing with incompetent people.

Donald Trump: We're dealing with stupid people. We're dealing with people like Robert Gates that don't have a clue. And then when they leave office they criticize everybody. I don't like critics. I don't like critics. I like the people that get it done and get it done right. We need to embrace a new inclusive and prosperous future.

Donald Trump: We can do that. Jobs will return. Incomes will rise. And new factories will come rushing back to our shores. That's what we have to have. Once more, we will have a government of, by, and for the people. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America safe again.

Donald Trump: And we will Make America Great Again. Thank you. I love you. Thank you, Colorado. God bless. God bless you. Thank you, Colorado. November 8th. November 8th.