Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-roanoke-va-july-25-2016

Donald Trump: Thank you everybody, great honor. It's a great honor, great state. I have a lot of property. I have a lot of people in Virginia, pay a lot of checks, being every night, every day. A lot of great success I've had in Virginia over the years and we have just phenomenal stuff. In Loudoun County, as you know, and we have down in Charlottesville and some other stuff.

Donald Trump: Tremendous, tremendous beautiful property. Charlottesville is right next to Thomas Jefferson. Who is an architect. You know, he had great taste. He had great taste. He understood that some of the most beautiful land I've ever seen. So I love Virginia and we are going to win Virginia. We're going to win Virginia.

Donald Trump: I'm going to go over some of these statistics when Tim Kaine was governor. They're not pretty. They're not pretty. [Audience Boos] They're not pretty but before I do, I just want to say that, Debbie Wasserman Schultz. [Audience member shouts "Liar"] I always knew she was highly overrated. I always knew.

Donald Trump: I [Inaudible]. Not good. But she just got fired. I said, "Debbie, you're fired. Get out, Debbie. Out, boom." Boy. They were [Inaudible]. How about that for disloyalty though in terms of Hillary Clinton? In all fairness, because Debbie Wasserman Schultz has been so much for Hillary Clinton and as for -- this is why these politicians, folks.

Donald Trump: Other than Mike Pence, of course he's great. He's great. But these politicians -- hey, look, look, look. So there's no loyalty there, right? There's no loyalty. None whatsoever. It gets a little heat and they fire her. Get out of here, get out of here first. She knew what was going on. Hillary Clinton knew what was going on. She knew everything that was going on. She knew it's a rigged system that Bernie Sanders never had a chance.

Donald Trump: OK? He never had a chance. And if you look at it, look what's going on, they're having a lot of people marching now. A lot of those people going to vote for us. I'll tell you right now. A lot of them. And not even because they like me or they don't like me, although I have to say, "Have you seen the polls that just came out from?" Right?

Donald Trump: We had like the biggest bounce that anyone can remember. They said, "Well, if he gets out of the convention, with no bounce, that will be a success." Do we have nine points or something, 10 points? We're leading. We're actually leading in the polls. And the CNN poll was so good, I may have to start liking them again.

Donald Trump: I don't know. No, they treat me unfairly. But you know, what's more important? The poll. But you know, the big poll? The big poll, that's November 8. That's the poll we care about. Right? But look, how disloyal Crooked Hillary Clinton was to somebody that put her life on the line. I mean, she, what she did, in order to take advantage of Bernie Sanders and all of the supporters.

Donald Trump: Debbie Wasserman Schultz, what she did in order to make sure that the system, the rigged system stays intact and Hillary gets it. And then you see the e-mails. Can you imagine? They talked about religion. They talk about religion. Can you imagine, if that was my [Inaudible]? I'd right now be on the front page of every newspaper.

Donald Trump: It would be horrible. And they're trying to play it down. Well, that wasn't so bad. That wasn't so bad. No, but could you imagine? Seriously, there's such a different standard. So here's the story, here's the story. So Debbie was totally loyal to Hillary. And Hillary threw her under a bus and it didn't take her more than five minutes to make that decision.

Donald Trump: Man, I don't want her covering my back. I'll tell you right now. It's true. It's true. Now, the other thing I'm surprised at, you know, it's nice when you're not reading speeches. Isn't it? Really? Because I can talk about current events. This stuff happened 10 minutes ago. You know, if you're reading speeches, I see these guys.

Donald Trump: I dealt with a lot of them. I've actually been a very political person all my life. I've always been on the other side. But now, for 14 months I've been doing this and I like this side in a certain way better because we can do things better. They used to love me when I was just a contribute. I'd give millions of dollars, just I was a contributor.

Donald Trump: Now, I know we not -- I -- I like this better. I like. I like being not establishment better. But with Bernie, when you look at what happened, the thing that surprises me most is how we folded. He folded. I thought he was really hanging out tough, tough, tough. Then they find these horrible e-mails talking about his religion and is he Jewish and is he an atheist and water.

Donald Trump: That's not going to play well and sir -- Man, that's rough. And that's not as bad as some of the other ones. And I said, there's no way that Bernie Sanders shows up to make a speech. There's no way that he can ever endorse Crooked Hillary Clinton anymore. Right? There's no way. And today, I see him trying to make the case and his own people are out there booing.

Donald Trump: OK? They're out there booing. So it's pretty bad. Then I'll tell you, Hillary Clinton -- I've been saying this for a long time and I got it from Bernie Sanders because he said, "She suffers from bad judgment." Right? Bad judgment. She suffers from very bad judgment. Her instincts are bad, they're no good.

Donald Trump: Her instincts are defective. Her instincts are defective. But she's got -- she's low energy. She actually has low energy. She'll go home, she'll take a nap for four or five hours and she'll come back. No naps for Trump, no nap. I don't take naps. We don't have time. We don't have time. You ever see Hillary?

Donald Trump: Where she comes out and she read a teleprompter for a little while and then she go home. You don't see her for three or four days and then she comes back. And then they used to. I remember, in Iowa, where they put like three or four people, really nice people in there. Sitting around a little table and everyone saying, "Well, I'd like to ask her a question.

Donald Trump: No, no, no, you're too tough." This is what we have. How do you think ISIS is going to react? I -- I don't think so, right? I don't think so. Not going to be good. Now we have tough enemies out there. We have tough, mean, vicious, horrible, horrible people. These are horrible, horrible human beings. We need toughness, folks.

Donald Trump: It's about time. We need strength, we need toughness, we need smarts, we need warmth, we need compassion, we need everything. We need everything. But we don't need somebody that goes home and takes snaps. We don't need naps. But what did surprise me, was that Bernie, was so soft on this. I really -- I was amazed because I watched his speech, you know.

Donald Trump: We must vote for Hillary Clinton. I -- I mean, the hatred he's got, but why would he do that? He looks better if he didn't do it, to me. Hey, what do I have to do with it? I don't care. Whatever he wants to do. But could you imagine, if what's taking place now with the Democrats took place in Cleveland? And by the way, I have to tell you, Cleveland did an amazing job.

Donald Trump: Thank you Ohio. Thank you Cleveland. What a job? I spoke to the police chief, Calvin, did a phenomenal job up there. But what we had and the Secret Service, working with the Secret Service. What a job they did? But Cleveland's a beautiful place. I mean, really, I was so happy. We had no problems. They we're trying to show.

Donald Trump: I know they showed this one square, where there's big square and then a few people. They bring the cameras enclose, you know, really. Because they don't want to show all that beautiful grass or you know, with no people on. And -- and you know why? I'll tell you why? Because people like our message. People like our message.

Donald Trump: They really liked it. And if you look at Philadelphia, I went to school in Philadelphia. I love Philadelphia. If you look at Philadelphia, what they're going through right now, looks like a lot of people. It's 100 degrees out. And speaking of that, by the way, I don't know if you saw it. Did you know I went to the other room?

Donald Trump: So you have a second room and then outside you have over a thousand people and it's 104 degrees out. Now, think of it. And it's the first time I ever did it. I said, "Let's go. Let's go to the second room first." Right? That's the anteroom. But let's go because it's the overflow room, I said. So I went in there, we surprised them, we were nice.

Donald Trump: But you know, I will love these people. But you know, what I also like? I don't have to do it later. And outside, we have a lot of people and I wish they'd let them in. The fire department won't let them in because of a fire regulation. Which is very sad because they're outside. It's -- it's -- we have speakers out there.

Donald Trump: I think the speakers are burning up, folks. It is hot. I wish the fire marshal -- where's the fire marshal? Is he around here? Come on fire marshal. If they could get in, fire marshal. You know, you have doors that go right out to the outside. I promise there's nothing like you don't have a problem. I feel badly.

Donald Trump: We have those people, we have people standing outside. You could get a few more people inside. If they could, let them in. So that's the way a builder would talk. OK? That's the way a builder would talk. So you had the firing of the head of the DNC and that was a vicious firing. A lot of things happened, you had her firing.

Donald Trump: Hillary Clinton's total disloyalty was at play. It really was. People don't say that. They won't say that on and the media. Oh, if I did something with Reince -- can you imagine if I fired Reince? I wouldn't do that because Reince has done such a great job. Reince Priebus. What a job he has done. And I always used to say, for months now I've been saying, I'll take Reince over Debbie.

Donald Trump: And everyone said, "Oh, but Debbie is a superstar." I said, "So is Reince." And then it turned out that Debbie flamed out and she's gone but the disloyalty was incredible. And I really mean that, because honestly, whether you like her or not, she worked very hard to rig the system, so that Hillary got it. It's true, right?

Donald Trump: It's true. Though it's true. She worked very, very hard to rig the system. Little did she know that China, Russia, one of our many, many friends came in and hacked the hell out of us. Can you imagine? Can you imagine, what they're hacking? I guarantee, we'll find the 33,000 emails. Why did Hillary get rid of her middle name?

Donald Trump: Huh. Hillary. Now, why did she get rid of it? Hillary Rotten Clinton, Rotten Clinton. Hillary Rotten Clinton, right? Maybe that's why, it's too close. No, no, it's too close. It's too close. You think Mike Pence would say this? I don't think so. By the way, did I do a good job with Mike Pence? OK? All right?

Donald Trump: Him and his family, what a high quality person. You know, you have to vet people, right? And we vetted Mike and they came back and these are killers. And they came back with many pages on certain people. OK? Many pages. I oh, I would like to read a book. Many, many pages. With Mike, they came back with like nothing.

Donald Trump: He's like, the most perfect human being, this guy. I said, "Mike, did you ever do anything wrong in your whole life?" "No, I don't think so." He is -- where is he? He is the best guy. That guy is right. I love this guy. I love him. I love him. But you know what I really like about Mike? So listen to this, to me, a very important thing is her bad judgment.

Donald Trump: Now, whether you like her choice. Tim Kaine, nobody even knows who he is. [Audience Boos] No. He's done a terrible job for Virginia. I assumed, they said, "Oh, he picked it." You know, he got picked because of Virginia because Virginia is very important and I'm doing very well here. Hey, hey, I'm employing a lot of people here and they don't employ anybody.

Donald Trump: I spent a lot of money, in Potomac Falls, Sterling, that area. I mean, I spent a lot of money. We have great, great things happening. Next year we have the senior PGA championship coming thousands and thousands of people come into Virginia and spend a lot of money. Thank you. I love you too darling. But -- but just think of it. So Hillary Clinton has almost the 50% of the people want a progressive.

Donald Trump: OK, we don't have to like that but that's OK. That's where they are. They want to give everything away and raise your taxes. That's what happens. No, no. She will have a tax raise -- by the way, I have the largest tax cut of anybody running for office, Republican or Democrat. OK? But Hillary Clinton, Hillary Clinton will have a tax cut that is not there.

Donald Trump: It's going to be a tax cut times 20 in reverse like a rocket ship. We have the biggest tax cut, proposed. I guess, in the last four years and it's -- were going to get it through. At least, we're gonna get most of it through. I'll tell you what? I'm going to try and get all of it through. But we have and it's policy, it's -- you know, put out there.

Donald Trump: That doesn't mean there's not a little negotiation because we're going to have to negotiate, but we're going to have it go. Hillary Clinton is going to have one of the biggest tax's increases in the history of our country because what she's proposing, you're going to have to pay for. A very simple. Very simple.

Donald Trump: Now, maybe she'll, you know, after she gets rid of Bernie, get rid of all this stuff. OK. It doesn't help you, by the way. But what she's proposing, she needs to have a massive, massive tax increase. Now, nobody ever talks about that. Do you notice? She never talks about, who's going to pay for it? Now they're going to pay.

Donald Trump: But just statistically, she's going to need a very major tax cut. But here's something to me that's very interesting. 50% of that party is Bernie Sanders, almost. And they're very passion and that's a much more passionate side. Her people, they fall asleep. OK? They fall asleep. They're watching her. With Bernie's people, they're really out there.

Donald Trump: They've -- say, would you want about Bernie Sanders. He got it on free trade. He got it. Free trade, now, I'm a -- I'm totally -- I'm a free trader. I believe in free trade. You know, they get it all wrong because they just don't say it properly. But I want smart trade. I want -- I want to trade with other countries but I don't want to lose $500 billion a year with China.

Donald Trump: Thank you China. We love you very much but we're not going to lose $500 billion. And I don't want to have a -- a trade imbalance with Japan. Where they send us millions of cars and we send them some beef. And then they send it back, right? And then they -- we send some wheat. Wheat. They send cars, we said wheat.

Donald Trump: It sounds like, we're going to send a lot of wheat. Right? The trade imbalance is massive. And with Mexico, we have an unbelievably big trade amount. So they kill us at the border, they kill us, they're killing us at the border. And we have one of the biggest trade imbalances and what happens? What happens?

Donald Trump: I'm not even including the drugs, right? The drugs are pouring across. You know, I won the state of New Hampshire and I got very, very friendly with the people in New Hampshire. I'll never forget them because that's an amazing group of people. And I said, "What's your biggest problem?" They said, "Heroin.

Donald Trump: Pouring across the southern border." I said, "Heroin? New Hampshire?" Because you look at New Hampshire, it's so beautiful, with the lakes and the little beautiful roads and the trees and the forests. I say, "You don't have heroin. I think you have." They said, "Mr. Trump, you have no idea. It's one of the worst areas for that.

Donald Trump: It comes pouring across the southern border." I said, "You know what? If I win, I'm going to say -- I'm going to fix that problem." Well, I am going to fix that problem. I'm going to fix that problem. And what are the ways -- I appreciate that. You know, I always like to say if I win because honestly, life is a very strange thing, and things.

Donald Trump: And I don't want to be arrogant because I don't want to be accused by them of being arrogant. So I'll say if. But it better be win or I'm going to be very angry at you, folks, from Virginia. From Virginia. But the folks in New Hampshire -- and you're having the same problems but they're having it for whatever reason, disproportionately badly.

Donald Trump: Heroin is pouring across the border and it's going a lot of --. it's going all over the country. By the way, everybody's got the problem. You buy it for less than a candy bar and our youth is being poisoned and plenty of other people. But our youth is being poisoned by this stuff. Heroin. Heroin. [Audience member shouts "I'm afraid"] And what we're going to do? Thank you.

Donald Trump: And what we're going to do is -- first of all, the Border Patrol agents endorsed me 16,500, they've never done that before. And their job is easier now without Trump. Their job is easier without Trump because you know, right now, they just stand and people go by and these are great people. I got to know them very well.

Donald Trump: The Border Patrol agents want to do their job. It's a much tougher job probably a much more dangerous job. Would you stop people and say, "Sorry, folks. Boom. Go back."? But that's more dangerous than saying, you know, we can't do anything. It's called, stand back, stand back and leave them alone. Let them walk right in. How stupid are we? How stupid are we? OK? So I spoke to them, when they endorsed me. And I said, "So let me ask you.

Donald Trump: A wall, how important?" They said, "Mr. Trump, it's very, very important. Very, very important." And they know. They know. See, I just saved a million dollars. Somebody else would go out and hire a consultant, who knows nothing. They come in from Harvard. They'd spend about a year at the border, they'd learn nothing.

Donald Trump: They then write this 2,000 page report that nobody will read. They'll charge you $1 million for the report and you have no idea what just happened. As opposed to saying, like I did with the Border Patrol, "Is the wall good?" They said, "Very good." They actually used an interesting expression. They said, "It's a vital tool, to turn things around." It was very interesting expression.

Donald Trump: They didn't say, great, bad. They just said, "It's a vital tool, Mr. Trump, to turn things around. Especially, the drug traffic because it's very tough." And we can build that wall so easily. And by the way, Mexico is going to pay for the wall. You know, I've just -- just because. They're going to pay for the wall.

Donald Trump: And I got great -- we got great marks on the -- on the speech the other night and everyone did. Everybody did so great. We had such that -- by the way, I have to say, the Republican National Convention was such a tremendous success. It was so great. I mean, we had a couple of people that I think probably destroyed their careers but who knows.

Donald Trump: But -- but honestly, no, but honestly, that was such an incredible success. And look at what's going on in Philadelphia. That was such a beautiful deal. The city of Cleveland was great and the law enforcement was unbelievable. We had no riots. We had no nothing. It was unbelievable. I'll never forget it as long as I live.

Donald Trump: It was unbelievable. And -- and I made a speech. And I have to tell you because I figured this wouldn't happen because I could -- if I made a speech. If I -- if I gave the Gettysburg address as given as good as anybody could possibly get. I figured, you know, you always get neg -- you always get knocked.

Donald Trump: I got great reviews on this speech. I got great reviews. We got standing ovations. Some people said, "Well, the speech was a little long." That's because we had 26 or 27 minutes of like standing ovations. We had applause. And I had a great time doing it because I'm talking about something that I love. We're in a movement, folks.

Donald Trump: This is a movement. This isn't just -- I love what we're doing together, right? I love -- I love what we're doing together. I love it. And what really -- what I have to say is this, so Hillary Clinton has bad judgement. She shouldn't have picked, this guy. Big mistake. Because he is the exact opposite what all of the Bernie people want.

Donald Trump: Now, if he got 2% of the vote or 5% of the vote or 20% of the vote. She's -- but you know what? He almost beat her. If the system wasn't gamed, if the system wasn't gamed he would have her. He would have beaten her now. Now -- now think of this, so instead of picking somebody, and you don't have to go with Pocahontas, you don't have to go that far.

Donald Trump: Who by the way, who hasn't done anything? She is the worst -- she is the worst senator in the U.S. Senate. You know, she's got a fresh mouth other than that she's got nothing going. She has got -- she has done nothing in the U.S. Senate. But you don't have to pick her. But you could have picked a liberal person.

Donald Trump: And we understand it. Where we can live with it. And you know, she could have had party unity, instead they have thousands and thousands of people going crazy because she didn't pick somebody representative. She didn't pick somebody representative. What's going on? Let's -- let's get -- look, again, she's got bad judgment.

Donald Trump: Whether it's Libya, whether it's Benghazi, whether it's a night with the calls, with the calls, everybody is calling. The only call she answers is her friend calls. She picks that one up. But she doesn't pick up the calls for help. She's got bad judgment. Bernie Sanders said, "She's got bad judgment." She's got bad judgment when it came to picking a vice presidential candidate for that side of the party.

Donald Trump: I actually just asked Mike Pence. I said, "Mike, you think she's going to be forced to change." Because honestly -- now, I wouldn't pick him. I wouldn't pick him for different reasons. You know why I wouldn't pick him? So Mike Pence, in Indiana, has done an unbelievable job. A Triple-A bond rating, so many different things.

Donald Trump: Job creation, top in virtually every category. Right toward the top, at the top. Listen to this, during Tim Kaine's tenure as governor of Virginia, plus he's not very popular. I thought, that I would see polls saying, he's at 85% and Trump is going to lose Virginia. I'm going to hit -- people don't even like the guy.

Donald Trump: And he lay in a little weed, weird little dude there. I don't know what's going on with him. During Tim Kaine's tenure as governor of Virginia from 2006 to 2010. The unemployment rate of this state, more than doubled? So I immediately went back to my statistician. I said, "Listen, do me a favor. Will you please check it?" He came back, he said, "Hey, maybe he's wrong." But more than doubled.

Donald Trump: This is your great governor, right? Now, Governor Mike Pence cut unemployment rate from 8.4% to less than 5%, quickly. Since 2013, Indiana has gone from 31st in the nation for veterans unemployment to 2nd and it's going to go to 1st. OK? Veterans unemployment. During Tim Kaine, that's the guy, that bad judgment Crooked Hillary Clinton.

Donald Trump: Bad judgment. Such bad -- we can't have another president with bad judgment. We can't do it. During Tim Kaine's tenure as governor, the state of Virginia lost 60,000 manufacturing jobs. Now, Indiana gained 30,000. Now it's a different time and different everything. He was, you know, so I'm not comparing.

Donald Trump: They're not because they'll say, "Well, one was here [Inaudible]." But I'll tell you, if Mike Pence or me, was running Virginia, we'd do great. This guy did a lousy job. You know why? He's a political hack. That's why. He's a political hack. Look what he's done -- look what he's done.

Donald Trump: He's always been in politics. He likes politics. He wants to be in politics, always. OK. During Tim Kaine tenure as governor of Virginia, it averaged almost no GDP growth. And Indiana as you know is doing great. I mean, think of it, here's a beauty. OK. Nobody is going to vote for Tim Kaine when you hear this one.

Donald Trump: OK? Tim Kaine. I never -- I never even heard of this guy but that's OK. Less than a week after Tim Kaine became governor of Virginia, one week, he proposed a nearly $4 billion tax increase. Four billion. [Audience Boos] Including a tax increase on people earning as little as $17,000 year. He tried to pass a transportation reform, he failed.

Donald Trump: Whereas Mike Pence had tremendous luck. I mean, the whole thing is ridiculous. So a $4 billion tax increases first week. Do we want this as a president? No, you know. Look, hopefully we don't have to worry about it. I will say this, Virginia has lost one in three manufacturing jobs since Bill Clinton, these are my statisticians, they're great, signed the agreement to put China into the World Trade Organization.

Donald Trump: Don't forget he did that. But Bill Clinton signed something that was the worst trade bill ever in the history of this country. OK? In the history of this country, NAFTA. That was built and people don't realize. I'll tell you a little joke, see how hot it is everyone? Everyone's sweating and soaking wet, right?

Donald Trump: Here's the difference, I wouldn't pay the hotel bill. I'd say, "We are in a hotel. We're in a ballroom." And you know what? These are grown companies. We're in a ballroom and if we're in a ballroom, it's not supposed to be so hot that everybody in the audience is using as a fan. So what they do is they turn the air conditioning down because they save money.

Donald Trump: So then, I would not pay them. And you know what I do? I pay my bills so fast with somebody good. With somebody average, I pay them OK. With somebody great, a lot of times I give them bonuses. But here we are, in a ballroom, and I'm like, I feel like I'm -- I'm in a sauna. OK? Right? Right?

Donald Trump: So I don't know what hotel this is, but you want to try turning on the air conditioning. We're not going to get you pay. These people. Isn't it? Am I right? It's hot. Just so you know, I'm really good at this business. You make a lot more money if you own a hotel and you let people suffer and don't turn on air conditioning.

Donald Trump: You make a lot more money. You would be surprised at how much it cost but this is ridiculous. And so then there'll be an article, "Donald Trump refuses to pay the bills." Of course. And you know what? The smart people say, "Trump is smart." The other people would say, "Oh, isn't that terrible?" OK? I think, the ballroom and the people that own this hotel should be ashamed of themselves.

Donald Trump: Right. So look, so Virginia, lost one in three manufacturing jobs since the Bill Clinton bill. Hillary supported China's entry into WTO. Roanoke which is a beautiful place by the way, has lost one -- and I've been here many times, has lost one in three manufacturing jobs. OK? Since the Clinton disasters.

Donald Trump: Last year, the U.S. trade deficit with TPP countries -- I mean, I could go into this. I could read this stuff to you. It gets a little boring after all but it's all the same thing. We have Hillary Clinton wanted to approve TPP that's Trans-Pacific Partnership. And then I announce that I'm against it. And then she heard me making a speech.

Donald Trump: This is what I've heard, a friend of mine tell me. And I basically said the various reasons including monetary manipulation, currency manipulation, et cetera. Why it's no good? Why it will be another NAFTA? But maybe even worse. Can't be worse but it'll be as bad. OK? Different countries, but it'll be as bad.

Donald Trump: As she heard me and she said, "Oh, he'll kill me in the debate." So what happened, is she all of a sudden came out against TPP. But as sure as you're sitting there, she's going to approve TPP. If she won, she will approve it. She'll make a change. She'll make a comma, she'll say, "Move that comma." Oh, now I can do it. OK? Folks, 6,000 pages of material that most people haven't read.

Donald Trump: It is a disaster. Trans-Pacific Partnership is a disaster. You can't let it happen. We will never let it happen. I will never ever let it happen. And I don't want to make deals with many countries. I want to do one on one deals, one on one. You've got to see this deal. It's like a fancy jigsaw puzzle. Lines going here, here there.

Donald Trump: So if one of the country misbehaves, you can't do anything because you're so locked up and it is very complex agreement. And believe me, it's just like Obamacare. Thousands of pages and nobody in Congress read it. And now, it's a disaster and we will repeal it and replace it with something fabulous. OK? All right?

Donald Trump: But -- but we're going to have something that's going to be very special. And I have to tell you, I appreciate your being here. And I -- I really wish -- I appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And I appreciate the folks in the room next door which is almost as big as this and it's packed also.

Donald Trump: And even more than you folks, I appreciate the people standing outside at 104, they're dying. They're dying. Although, I'd venture to say that they're more comfortable than I am right now. It's probably -- I think, it's actually cooler outside than it is in this damn ballroom. Ridiculous. Ridiculous.

Donald Trump: But you know what? I -- I'll tell you, you know what I love? Look at this room, it's packed. You know what I love? And the other room's packed. What I love? Nobody left, not one person. I was watching doors. If I see doors starting to open, people pouring out, I usually stop but that never happens with me, never ever.

Donald Trump: But -- but I stopped, nobody lives. Because you know what? We're in this together. We're in this together. This is a movement. So time magazine just did another cover. I talk about it. You saw the one from the back of my head. Right? It's pretty full back there. You know, it could be. It could be better.

Donald Trump: It could be better but not bad. But a picture from the back of my head, the guy was standing right over me with a camera like this. I studied that picture very close. I didn't read the story but I did study the picture of it. No, I think that's No. 5 or six that we've had. So I think, I've had two in my lifetime and five or six in the last few months where, you know, we had this incredible thing going on. And they call it a movement and Bill O'Reilly calls it a movement.

Donald Trump: He's never seen anything like. He said in his professional career, in his whole lifetime, he actually said, this is the single greatest political phenomena that he's ever witnessed. And Brit Hume said and a lot of people have said. And I really mean this, it's not about me, it's about you. There's -- there -- I'm a messenger.

Donald Trump: There's a group of people in this country that's massive. You know, they used to call it a silent majority. I don't use the term. It's a noisy majority because we've had it. We've had it with the Iran deal. We've had it with our depleted military. We've had it with no borders. We've had it with education where we're ranked right near the bottom.

Donald Trump: We're doing horribly. We've had it where they want to essentially abolish your Second Amendment. You have no protection for yourself. All right? We've had it. [Audience Boos] And by the way, the NRA endorsed me and they're great people, 100%. And the evangelicals, how many evangelicals do we have in here?

Donald Trump: You better get out and vote because you didn't vote for Romney and you better get out and vote for me. You know, we have the Johnson Amendment where Lyndon Johnson, who is very powerful, put an amendment where basically our pastors, our ministers and all religions, they don't have the right to speak up. I had -- I had a meeting, I was telling Franklin Graham was a great guy, I was telling Jerry Falwell junior, who's a great guy.

Donald Trump: Great guy. I mean so many, we had a meeting where we had 50 to 60 pastors, ministers and they were saying, "We love you." and they were praying. And it was like this incredible scene. And I said, "OK. Well folks, can you endorse me? What we can't do that? Why?" Because we'll lose our tax exempt status. I said "Why?" Now, nobody brought this up to me. They were living with it. Nobody was going to go fight it. I said, "Why do you lose your tax exempt status." Well, we're not allowed to speak.

Donald Trump: And I said, "Wait." And I looked into it. I said, "Whoa." And that was passed by the ultimate politician, Lyndon Johnson. I mean, it's not like we're dealing with the pope. This was Lyndon Johnson. Smart, tough guy. But we're smarter and tougher. But look that was passed by a politician because he had problems with some of the churches in Texas where they were going after him for good reason.

Donald Trump: And I said, "Wait a minute folks." And we put in our platform that we're going to work like hell to get rid of the Johnson Amendment because -- because your representatives, ministers, pastors, rabbis, they have totally lost their voice. And don't kid yourself. That's what's happening to religion in this country because you see the same numbers that I see.

Donald Trump: So I think this, if you're evangelical, if you're Christian, if you're Jewish, if you have religion, you better go out and vote for Trump because this is gonna be the last chance you ever get to get this thing done. OK. Better. So -- [Audience chants "Trump"] Thank you, thank you. Thank you.

Donald Trump: And I said in my I -- I will say this I will say this -- I will say this, I said in my speech the other night and I -- and I meant it. I thank the evangelicals because I won. I got these tremendous votes. They say, "Trump can't win South Carolina." Right? I said, "Why?" Because I'd have these tremendous crowds.

Donald Trump: I won with evangelicals, I won all over with evangelicals because they get it. They're smart, they understand. They know I'm not perfect. I'm not perfect but they know I love them and they know I'm going to fight for them. Better than somebody that is perfect. OK? I'm going to fight for it. And I'm going to fight for other religions.

Donald Trump: I'm going to fight -- I'm going to fight for people to be able to speak. And actually, when they said this to me, I was in an office building very high up and I'm looking down. And I said to these powerful pastors and these powerful men and women, it's just powerful people with tremendous strength and energy and conviction.

Donald Trump: And they are so -- there in the room and it was beautiful, the voices. And I said, "But that means that you are less powerful than those people walking down the street." I pointed to the street. Because they have a right to talk and you don't. You don't have your right to talk. OK? And that's our religion -- that's our religion.

Donald Trump: In my case, I'm Presbyterian, I'm Protestant. But -- but that's our religion. And -- my minister, who I like a lot, doesn't have the right to speak. We're going to end that folks. You got one chance, we're going to end it. So you better go back to your churches and you better get everybody to vote. Because four years ago, they didn't get up and they didn't vote for Romney.

Donald Trump: And to this day, a lot of people don't understand and some people do understand it frankly. But you better get up and you better vote because if you vote -- if you think about it, the -- if you take Christian, Jewish take some of the Catholic, take the religions. It's bigger than men and it's bigger than women right?

Donald Trump: It's bigger than men. You know, men are 50%, women are 50%. The religion is like what? 80% right? If you get up and vote. We're going to get rid of that and we're going to free up great people to go and speak what they want to speak about and they should be able to speak. OK? It's very important. So just a couple of things, and I -- I'd like to bring Mike up, a just a couple of things we are going to strengthen our military.

Donald Trump: Our military is really depleted. Its not good. I didn't want to go into Iraq. We got there. I said, "Keep the oil." They didn't keep the oil. These people don't know what they're doing. You know in the old days, you're in a war to the victor belong the spoils. Right? Today, we get nothing. Trillions of dollars and cause, thousands and thousands of lives lost, we got nothing.

Donald Trump: Iraq is a disaster. The Middle East is worse now than it was 15 years ago by a factor of 20. We would have done nothing. We would have been much better off. We got to build up our military. We never needed it so much. We never needed our military so much. So we're going to take care of our country. We're going to take care of our vets.

Donald Trump: We're going to take care of our people. We're going to make America great again. And I -- and I have to tell you, one of the really good decisions, because I laugh when they say, "Do you think Mr. Trump likes Governor Mike Pence?" I love this guy, he's great. He's great. And everybody does. I'm getting such great marks and such great reviews.

Donald Trump: Unlike Hillary, did I ask you before? Do you think she'll change? He looked to be said, "No way because it's hard to do." right? She may be forced -- she may be forced to change. He actually -- I'll tell you, Tim Kaine stands for the exact opposite of all of the Bernie Sanders people. I mean, it's ridiculous what she did.

Donald Trump: Again, bad judgment. So I'm going to have Mike say just a few of the final words and I'm going to sit down and watch him. He is some great person. He's got some wonderful family. And we are having such fun going all over the place. And so Mike can finish off. And I want to thank you folks. Thank you. [Audience chants "Trump"] Hey Mike you know it's funny.

Donald Trump: Some of the great musicians have said, "Never do an encore when you get a break." So we did for you -- look how strong this is everyone standing everywhere. Now we do encore. We'll get a couple of bad questions, we'll walk out they'll say, "They weren't so great." Right. But we'll do it anyway right.

Donald Trump: Do it anyway. So Mike was just asking if we'd want to take some questions. [Inaudible] You go ahead Mike.

Mike Pence: Yeah. We've got uh -- how about one more time for Donald Trump everybody bringing the heat today. Isn't that great. Bringing the real heat. They've got some people out here that have a -- you got microphones. Get your hand in the air. We'll take a few questions and -- Ready right here?

Mike Pence: OK. Right over here.

Donald Trump: Yes ma'am. Go ahead. Go ahead.

Question: I say thank you very much Mr. Trump. Thank you. What do you want to do for the youth. How are you going to make the community safer for us?

Donald Trump: We're going to work. One thing we have to do for the youth and it's a question I get asked Mike more than any other question. We have young, fantastic people going to college and they're choking on their debt. OK. They're choking on debt. They haven't started life yet. And some of them have given up before they started because they see no way we're going to work on a plan and we're working on it now.

Donald Trump: So that we can help young people get through college and not diverge. I mean some of these kids, what they're doing is incredible. They're the massive depression that's going on because they see no way of ever being able to pay it back. Now part of that's going to be jobs. But we're working on a plan now to take care of youth with respect to college debt.

Donald Trump: We're going to work in a very good plan. We have to. We have to.

Mike Pence: And let me tell you -- let me tell you, Donald was very kind to mention my wife, Karen Pence and our recent college graduate daughter Charlotte Pence, are with us today. Would you welcome them. And I will tell you, the focus on college debt is something that we've been focused on in the state of Indiana.

Mike Pence: Focusing on on-time completion. Right? In four years cost less than five years, three years cost less than four years. But the best thing Donald Trump will do for the youth of America is get this economy moving again and create jobs and opportunities for young people coming out of high school, coming out of the trades and coming out of college.

Mike Pence: Another one. Yes, go ahead.

Question: Thank you Mr. Trump for being here in Virginia. And I apologize for the heat. But I do have a question for you.

Donald Trump: Do you own the hotel?

Question: Sir, if I own this hotel it would be 60 degrees in here. But Mr. Trump with all things. God knows with all things proper. We're praying that you are our president come November. The question for you Mr. Trump is will you stand by Israel 100% and do whatever it takes to preserve the nation of God. Yes?

Donald Trump: 100%. We have to stand by Israel. 100%. Yes? Yes. Hello.

Jacob Jones: Hello. I have one question for you Mr. Trump.

Donald Trump: These are usually the toughest questions.

Mike Pence: What's your name son what's your name?

Jacob Jones: Jacob

Mike Pence: Jacob?

Jacob Jones: Jones.

Mike Pence: Hey Jacob. Go ahead.

Jacob Jones: I have one question for you Mr. Trump. Now when you were in office. What would be the time line for that wall that you're talking about?

Donald Trump: He knows -- he knows. Jacob, that wall will go up so fast and be so big and powerful and as good looking as we can make it that your head will spin. OK. Believe me, it's going to go up fast.

Mike Pence: Next question.

Donald Trump: Go ahead. How about over here. Go ahead. Sure. [Inaudible] Congratulations.

Question: I have a small business in Roanoke, an upholstery shop. What are you going to do for businesses like us, who is just one of two or three people working?

Donald Trump: Cut your taxes and no more crazy regulations. OK?

Question: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Big. Right?

Question: Thank you.

Donald Trump: All right? The regulations are out of control. You know Mike so I've been all over the country and I would have always said taxes would be like the biggest thing. If I had my guess, I would say that people are more angry about regulations than the fact that we pay among the highest taxes in the world.

Question: That's right.

Donald Trump: So we cut the regulations. OK?

Mike Pence: Can I also say, I -- I grew up in a small business family, in a small town in southern Indiana. And one of the reasons when after I became governor of Indiana, the first thing we did, was we cut taxes across the boarder. We cut the income taxes because what this businessman knows, is most small business owners file their taxes as individuals.

Mike Pence: And so with the Trump plan to cut taxes, we're going to lower taxes on individuals, we're going to lower taxes on small business. And I promise you this man is going to repeal Obamacare lock stock and barrel. You're going to get red tape off your back and lets you grow.

Donald Trump: OK. How about one more -- one more question?

Mike Pence: One More.

Donald Trump: One More.

Mike Pence: One More.

Donald Trump: Who -- who's got a good one? Who's got a good one? Go ahead. Give him -- I -- I like that question actually, right? Go ahead. Give him a mic. Give him a mic because that's such a great question. Go ahead.

Question: God bless America. All right. It's on now. Checking. OK. The most important question of all, of course, is how can we be praying for you? We love you so much Donald Trump and Mike. We are so proud of you guys. You guys are our anthem, you guys are supporting the Constitution better than we ever could have thought a candidate could.

Question: Both of you are -- are champions and patriots. We love you, we're proud of you and we want to pray for you. Maybe not. Why don't I just pray for you guys, right now. I'll do it right now.

Donald Trump: Wow.

Question: OK. OK. OK. Lord, we thank you so much for what these men represent in this country. We thank you that your hand is upon them and that they are called up and raised up for this time. And we are asking right now that they will be able to stand firm against the vials of the enemy God against Satan. You will, you live in us supernatural world.

Question: Look at this ball we're on. It's -- where it held down by gravity, two inches closer to the sun, we'd all burn, two inches further away, we'd all -- we'd all, freeze. So we just ask right now God that we'll humble ourselves and realize that we are created and we need your help and your support to make them the vessels that they need to be to stand up for freedom.

Question: The freedom that you authored in our Constitution in Jesus name we pray. Amen.

Donald Trump: Wow. Are you a minister or a pastor? Wow, he is.

Mike Pence: Thank you reverend.

Donald Trump: Now, I feel better, he is.

Mike Pence: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Very. So ladies and gentlemen, I just want to thank you. That's a great way to end actually, but I just want to thank you for being here. So important is on November 8, you have to get out and vote. If for no other reason, remember this, remember this, strong defense, strong borders. But remember Supreme Court justices, we're going to be appointing and Mike will be, absolutely we'll be right there with me. We'll be picking the best right off that list.

Donald Trump: But we're going to be pointing anywhere from two to five, it could even be. And if you put the wrong people on, your back to Venezuela. This is Venezuela. So let me just tell you, if you can, get your friends, get everything you have to do on November 8, please get out to vote. It's going to be tough, going to be tough.

Donald Trump: Because it's a stacked deck. It's a rigged system against all of us. The reason I won is because we had such an outpouring of love. I mean, the numbers were so big they couldn't do anything about it. But let me tell you, you got to get out on November 8th and you got to vote. You got to get your friends and your family and everybody involved.

Donald Trump: OK? Thank you all very much. We love you. We'll be back. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you everybody. Thank you.