Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-denver-co-july-1-2016

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, everybody. Oh, if I knew they had these teleprompters, I would have used them. I'm starting to love those teleprompters. You know it's interesting. It's much easier when you have a teleprompter and I'm getting great reviews with the teleprompters. When you stand up and you just go at it. It's much more exciting.

Donald Trump: However, I want to tell you. I think, I think this crowd -- I know, I know the folks from Colorado and they're wild. I think if I use the teleprompter with this crowd they'd be out of here fast and say let's get out of here. So I just want to thank -- this a tremendous crowd. We really appreciate the set-up pretty quickly well.

Donald Trump: So Colorado -- [Inaudible] taught me a lot about politics. I learned a lot because polls came out that I was going to win Colorado and doing really well in Colorado and look good and I was looking forward to it. And then all of a sudden I didn't get the delegates as yet. But what happened to the vote? Do you remember?

Donald Trump: And I started to learn, you know, quick learner. I'm a quick learner but that was an amazing week. You remember that and we had some of you folks, probably.

Donald Trump: We're out there with a little picketing and a little craziness. And I think that probably ended up changing. I think they're going to change it next year and I think you're going to go out and actually vote. And -- And that's a good thing. That's a good thing. So you see what's happening. And I always say the system's rigged.

Donald Trump: It's rigged and it's rigged against the people. It's not rigged for the special interests and the lobbyists and people that want certain things. I used to be one of them. Once they said I'm running all of a sudden. I was like an outsider, a big outsider. But I'm glad I get it because you know what we have?

Donald Trump: We have a movement going on like they haven't seen maybe ever in this country. According to what the pundits are saying.

Donald Trump: And I tell -- I tell the story where numerous people. Bill O'Reilly, not so long ago, a few weeks ago said, "It may be the single greatest political phenomena that I've seen in my lifetime." He's talking about his lifetime. And I said, "Wow, that's a lot of phenomena as you've seen but numerous other people have said it too.

Donald Trump: And here, we stand and there you stand and sit. "Oh you're able to sit. That's good. See, we supplied chairs. How many people do that nobody else supplies chairs? Nobody else does that. Only Trump. Only Trump. That's good. These lights are so bright I can hardly see who's that. That's a good crowd of people.

Donald Trump: Wow, that's great. And thank you. Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: But the system is rigged. And you know, we went through the primary system and we did have problems here because you know it wasn't a vote and somebody said I did really well in the polls and as soon as they saw how well I did in the polls they went to a delegate system where they just appoint the delegates and it's all right.

Donald Trump: It all worked out well. It all worked out well. You know what? ? In the end it doesn't matter. Here we are. It doesn't matter and you have some terrific people in the state, very smart, very good. And they're going to really be helping us in November and before November. But I know, I know how hard they're working in Colorado and we're going to -- we're going to have tremendous -- I think we're gonna have a tremendous victory here.

Donald Trump: A couple of things before I -- before I really -- before I really get going. Colorado, NRA they're like synonymous.

Donald Trump: The NRA endorsed me. We're going to save you Second Amendment, a 100%. We're saving you Second Amendment and I have to tell you, the NRA, these are terrific people. They're terrific people. They love the country and they take a lot of heat and they don't have the easiest job. I will tell you but they love the country.

Donald Trump: Wayne and Chris and all of the other people I've met from the NRA and they gave me, I think, the earliest endorsement they've ever given under these circumstances and they gave me a very early endorsement. I was very honored by it. But I've gotten to know them and they love our country OK. They love the Second Amendment but they love our country.

Donald Trump: So you have to remember that about the NRA because what they do is not easy. It's not easy and they're saving the Second Amendment for you. So just remember that and I'm going to be representing them very well in that regard.

Donald Trump: The other that we have to talk about is the evangelicals have been so amazing to me. We had an event the other day in New York, right? And evangelicals in the room and evangelicals but we had an event. And Ben Carson called me who was a great guy. We love Ben Carson. And he called and he said, "You know Donald I'd love you to get with the evangelical leaders and Christian Leaders all throughout the United States." Not a big deal.

Donald Trump: It'll take you maybe 15 or 20 minutes but maybe you could see them and maybe you know I think it's a good thing for you to do. Now I've won with evangelicals in many, many other states in South Carolina and Nevada. And like all over the place we've had great, great success. The South Alabama, Arkansas all of them.

Donald Trump: And we've had unbelievable relationships and unbelievable success. But Ben wanted me to do it. As you know, when Ben got out and he did really well. He was tough. He was a great competitor. He did really, really well when he ran and he got out. And he called me and he said, "You know, I love what's going on. You have a movement going on. This isn't like a normal thing.

Donald Trump: There's a movement. I would love to endorse you. I said, "Ben, I would love to have your endorsement." Plenty of people are calling, saying, "We want to endorse you and it's never been that important to me."

Donald Trump: I will say this. Bobby Knight in Indiana was important, right. Great Bobby Knight was important. But they said, "I said I'd love to endorse you." Then he comes up and he goes, "You know I'd love to meet." Now it's not a big deal. Maybe 150, maybe 200 people and they could be here in a month in New York but it would be a great thing.

Donald Trump: So all of a sudden the time comes and my people come in they say, "Mr. Trump you won't believe it. It's packed." I said, "I'll believe it because it's always packed." But the largest group of clergy ministers, pastors, evangelicals, Christians, the largest group they've ever had by far over a thousand and they wanted to know, "Could we take two to three hours?"

Donald Trump: So this was the 50. Ben is one of the greatest salesmen I know, right? He said small group, fifteen minutes. Turned out to be a large group. Three hours but it was an amazing event. It was an amazing and I learned. But it was just an incredible group of people. Franklin Graham was there and Jerry Falwell Jr., from Liberty College is a fantastic guy and so many people.

Donald Trump: Friends, real friends. Ralph Reed, we've had so many friends and people that have really been helpful to me and as an example, a Liberty College. Everybody goes through Liberty College and we all make a speech at one of the most beautiful auditoriums. One of the most beautiful colleges I've ever seen actually.

Donald Trump: And one of the most incredible auditoriums and it holds at 1,000 people something like that. And I have the all-time record for attendance which is really important. I got that two years ago and I said, "Is it still intact?" I said, "Yes. And I broke it this time." I said, "Good. That's good." And they had closed circuit television because the room was too small even as big as it was in all the classrooms all over the school.

Donald Trump: They had closed circuit television and we had an amazing time. And to get the support and everybody went there. I think every candidate went there. And because of what it represents, such importance and what happened is in the end Jerry calls. He says, "You know, I want to endorse you." And that had such a huge impact because he's so respected.

Donald Trump: The school is so respected, the college, the university. So respected and getting Jerry's support was such a great thing for me.

Donald Trump: So I just wanted to thank him. But I wanted to thank everybody because that was an amazing day. We had about a week ago in New York City. It was packed and it was full of love. I will tell you that. It was full of love. So we'll talk for a little while about what's going on. I'm going to tell you some of the ideas that we want to have.

Donald Trump: I wrote down some notes in the plane because -- because I didn't know I had this last standing up here. It says right now, "No.1, No. 2" is a statement for me. I want to thank Sarah Palin for being here because Sarah, Sarah is -- well Sarah -- Sarah is a special person and Sarah's another one where it came out of the blue and she liked what I was saying and she was also close with many of the other people that were running.

Donald Trump: And the word came back to me that Sarah was very interested and we called her and I can tell you they were very very disappointed people that I was running against on the Republican side, I'm talking about and they were very, very disappointed. When Sarah -- when Sarah came out for me, I'll tell you that was a -- that was a big event.

Donald Trump: And she's so loyal and so amazing and her family is so amazing her husband's an incredible guy. And for her to come here again and to say hello to you folks is just really something special. So I really appreciate that Sarah Palin was able to come. So I wrote some notes there. Sarah has a big group. We do love Sarah, right?

Donald Trump: Look at that. Wow. I'm not -- I'm not surprised. For good reason.

Donald Trump: By the way. So I want to give you some of the goals just quickly and easily and you'll understand what they are. But you know the other night on television, I was looking and certainly terrorism's actually number two. I was surprised it'll probably be number one pretty soon because what's going on today in Israel there was a horrible killing and then there was another horrible killing in Oregon and there was another one.

Donald Trump: I mean it's going -- what's going on now is unbelievable. People that shouldn't be allowed in. People that shouldn't be here and we're going to have strong borders, folks. Got to have strong borders.

Donald Trump: We're gonna have the wall and we're going to let people come into our country that should come into our country and they're going to come into our country legally. They're to come in legally and we want them to come in. But they're going to come into our country legally. But one of the things I noticed because it was on one of the networks where they had him listed in order and actually they had the economy number one and I'm number one on the economy.

Donald Trump: That's good. And in fact Rasmussen just came out with a poll yesterday afternoon and Trump is No.1. I'm up four points. Can you believe that? We're going to do very well. We're going to have you know in the primaries one after one being bing! bong! bing. And people have said what happened is one after another.

Donald Trump: And you know we have the right message and I'm just the messenger. I'm doing a good job as a messenger. I will say, "OK but I'm just the messenger."

Donald Trump: It's what I'm saying. It's what I'm saying about what's going on. And it's getting stronger. I think the message is getting stronger. We're being destroyed by trade which we'll talk about. We're being destroyed at our borders which we'll talk about and we're allowing people to come into our country from Syria and other places that shouldn't be allowed to come into our country.

Donald Trump: We have no idea who they are, where they're from. We have no idea what's going on. They have no paperwork. They have no documentation. They could be ISIS. I used to say they're probably not. But now I say many of them probably are.

Donald Trump: You see what's happening in Germany. You see what's happening in Sweden. You see what's happening in some of these countries where they're taking them in. It's a nightmare. And I have a bigger heart than anybody or as big as anybody in this room and I will tell you, I will tell you we're going to do. We're going to do safe zones in Syria.

Donald Trump: We're going to get other people to pay for them. The Gulf states have a lot of money. People don't ask them to pay. Trump is going to ask them to pay given the fact and we'll get it done. Believe me. We'll get it done. So one thing I just wanted to say, we're going to repeal and replace Obamacare. Health care was the third, was third on the list.

Donald Trump: And honestly I was surprised to see health care on this list. It was the economy. It was terrorism and it was health care which tells you something. You know in Texas they go through BlueCross, BlueShield. They had a 60% increase. You're going to have an increase like you've never seen before November 1st. Now, they're trying to delay the increase till after the election.

Donald Trump: We can't let that happen because this increase is an election-changing increase.

Donald Trump: I hope we don't need -- we don't even need them. But this is an election-changing increase that you're going to get. I'm hearing numbers like higher than the numbers in Texas. So 60% in Texas going through BlueCross, BlueShield. You got the Obamacare 60% increase. Think of it. Think of it. Unimaginable. Well, it's also horrible because your premiums are going up. Your deductibles are through the roof.

Donald Trump: And unless you die a really, really severe long-term death, you're not going to use it because your deductibles are so high. Your deductibles are through the roof. And people don't even get to use it. So they're paying more than ever and they don't get to use it. And we're going to change that. We're going to repeal and replace Obamacare and we're going to get something so much better.

Donald Trump: And so much less expensive.

Donald Trump: OK. I already talked about the fact we're going to save the Second Amendment, right? That's a biggie. We're going to eliminate job-killing regulations. Our regulations in this country are killing us. We're going to have massive tax reform and simplification. A big lowering of the taxes, the biggest of anybody by far.

Donald Trump: Hillary Clinton is raising your taxes. She's raising your taxes substantially and there won't be simplification. We're lowering your taxes. You watch what's going to happen with the economy. We're lowering your taxes, big league and tremendous simplification. We're lowering business taxes. We're going to allow money.

Donald Trump: We have trillions of dollars outside of the United States owned by really the corporations have this money. They can't get it back into the country. And everybody agrees Republicans Democrats that it should come back in. They can't make a deal. That's a deal that would take five minutes sitting around a room but nobody is -- there's no leadership.

Donald Trump: So we have trillions of dollars. Who would not want to make that deal?

Donald Trump: They say two and a half trillion. I say it's over five trillion but whatever it is, it's massive and companies corporate inversion companies are leaving the United States because taxes are too high. But they're also leaving to get their money. They can't get their money back in so they leave to get their money.

Donald Trump: So it's crazy. We're going to appoint Supreme Court justices who you're going to be very happy with. Such a big thing and these are justices that will uphold the Constitution of the United States and fully uphold it. And you know what's going to happen and I sort of get a kick. You have these people. Look it was a tough campaign.

Donald Trump: It was a brutal campaign. Some of the people that do this professionally said it was the most brutal campaign in the history of politics in this country. I don't know if that's true or not. But we started off with 17 people and there were a lot of bad things said and there was one person that came out and I understand, you know, I understand but they were really nasty to me and I was really nasty to them.

Donald Trump: And some of them just can't understand the importance of a victory for the Republicans. And one of the best things we can say are the judges because you know we can talk about the strong military. We're going to do all of the things but the judges, we're going to appoint at least three. You have Scalia who is great and he's, "Who would've thought that was going to happen?" That was going to be for many years and all of a sudden Justice Scalia was gone.

Donald Trump: So you have that one before you start. And then you probably have two more. You could even have three and you could even have four more. I mean frankly, a lot probably going to be a record and a history of this country for a president could have as many as you could have including Justice Scalia. You could have as many as five.

Donald Trump: Probably we'll have three.

Donald Trump: But that's the difference between having our country as a great country and having Venezuela, OK? And you see what's happening over there. Believe me. They're fighting over loaves of bread on the street. I mean that's a tremendous thing. And what I did because I've only been doing this for 12 months. So what I've done?

Donald Trump: In fact they said one of the articles had it was 211 years of experience. You know they ended up everybody there, 211 years versus 11 months. And look who won. Is that good? I mean don't we get credits? I think experience is a great thing. But I think we're getting tired of the experience because the experience was a work -- working folks, right?

Donald Trump: But because of the fact that I haven't been out there as a politician. People know me but I haven't been out there as a politician. A lot of people have said to me. Senator Sessions, who is a fantastic man and others they said, "It wouldn't be bad." and I actually went in with the idea because I was getting criticized.

Donald Trump: They said, "Well, what happens if he appoints judges that we don't like?"

Donald Trump: So I went to the Federalist Society which is sort of the gold standard. Now Hillary Clinton said the gold standard of trade deals is TPP. Now she's taken that back. You saw that, right? When you mentioned TPP, will destroy you, folks. It will destroy you. It'll take any vestige that we still have left in our country.

Donald Trump: It will destroy you. And she said it now. What happened is when she heard me being very critical of it. She realized I was right. So she said now she's against it but she's going to approve it in two seconds if she ever won. And that will be as bad or worse than NAFTA which was by the way signed by her husband, OK? So obviously, I went out and I said you're not going to do. I'm going to pick 10 judges or 11 judges and we'll see what happens.

Donald Trump: And I picked 11 gotten from the Federalist Society run through by a lot of great politicians that I know that are highly respected senators and congressmen and great people and loved. Went through Heritage was great.

Donald Trump: Jim DeMint and the group who's a great guy, Jim is a great guy. We like Jim. Listen to you people. Wow. He is a great guy. We ran him through Heritage and these are 11 people. I think I'm going to pick four more so I'm 15 and I'll pick from that list. Or people like that. Exactly. And we don't have great judges and it had a big impact.

Donald Trump: But you still have people out there and it's just one of those things. You know one of the things I'm most proud about is that in the history of the Republican party with 17 people running I had the most votes of anybody that's ever run in the primaries.

Donald Trump: We had almost 14 million people. Won 37 states. Next time it's going to be Colorado by the way. Colorado is not in that 37. Don't worry if it was. I'll still be here today. But -- but we had 37 states and we had the largest number of votes. Now when you think about it almost 14 million votes and it wasn't even close.

Donald Trump: Ronald Reagan who we love, you have the Bushes, you have Dwight Eisenhower, Richard Nixon. Everybody you know, everybody just so much more than anybody else wasn't even close. But think of it . They would run against two people, one person, four people. When you break that record and you're running against 17 very capable people, that's really a record that is pretty amazing.

Donald Trump: More amazing than even just one. So I was very I was very honored by that.

Donald Trump: We're going to protect our country from terrorism. We're going to protect our country from terrorist. We are going to be so tough. We are going to be so smart and so vigilant and we're going to get it so that people turn in people when they know there's something going on. Like in San Bernardino people saw bombs all over these people's floors.

Donald Trump: There are bombs all over the floor. Hey George, people saw it and they talked about racial profiling and profiling. We didn't want to turn them in because we didn't want to get accused of profiling. Give me a break. You know what that is. That's a lawyer telling them listen you better say that because otherwise you're in big trouble.

Donald Trump: But people have to turn people in and if they don't turn in we're gonna have so many of these things. What happened in Orlando is disgraceful. Disgraceful that a thing like that can happen and then they don't want to mention what happened. We have a president that doesn't want to mention what really happened.

Donald Trump: It's called. Radical Islamic terrorism, right? That's what happened. And you have crooked Hillary Clinton that didn't want to mention it either. But we shamed her into it. But she still hasn't mentioned it. She said I will say. And then she didn't quite use the expression the way it should be. But I will say.

Donald Trump: Radical Islam. I will say it.

Donald Trump: OK. But she's never said it. She said she will say because we shamed her into it just like we shamed her into going against TPP. Was that the only reason she didn't do it? She'll do it but not for the election because people are sick and tired of being ripped off with our jobs leaving our states with our jobs, leaving our country with the money.

Donald Trump: They get the money. They get the jobs. We get nothing. We get unemployment. That's where we go. We get unemployment and no taxes. And folks we can solve that situation so easily. That situation is so easily solved. I've been watching for a long time and I've been watching it very, very closely how the government is trying to stop jobs from leaving our country.

Donald Trump: I left yesterday in New Hampshire where I see building after building just got wiped out. New England, one of the worst places in terms of that upstate New York, a disaster. Pennsylvania, a disaster. Maryland, Connecticut, all states that I won in massive numbers when I had a series of states five or six states in a row where I was been devastated.

Donald Trump: Tremendous. We had an eye.

Donald Trump: But I mean much, much tighter so we're going to win what? Colorado! We got to win then go to Illinois. I'm going to spend time in Illinois. Going to spend a lot of time in Michigan. I think we'll get a win. I've been talking about cars moving to Mexico. Car companies, Ford, moving to Mexico for two years.

Donald Trump: Long before I even knew we'd be in this position. Nobody has been better to the state of Michigan and to the car industry than me in terms of what I'm saying and what I'm going to do to get the car companies back No.1 and to keep them from moving because they're going to continue to move like you've never seen before.

Donald Trump: If I don't win we're going to have job-loss like you have never seen ever before. If I don't win. So I think we're going to play great in Michigan. Even in Connecticut there was a poll that came out. This is a state that I love. I have so many friends that live in Connecticut.

Donald Trump: But this is a state that a Republican, a traditional Republican would never spend one afternoon in terms of getting votes. And I'm going to spend a lot of time in Connecticut and we may even give a shot to New York and California because we have tremendous guys. We're getting 30 to 35,000 people going to these place so we're going to -- we're going to play -- we're going to play in a lot of states that normally, obviously Ohio and Pennsylvania and Florida.

Donald Trump: Those are your states that everybody says, "You have to win. You have to win.!" But I think we have a lot more leeway than anybody else running for office from the Republican Party. And I think we're going to do great in these places. We want to uphold, totally uphold the rule of law not being upheld. Nothing, OK. We want to cut down on the unbelievable crime that's pouring in and the crime rate generally, OK? We want to keep our children safe.

Donald Trump: We want to keep ourselves safe.

Donald Trump: But we have to -- we have to so many friends of mine. Jamiel, as an example. Shaw, his son was killed by a person that came into this country. An illegal immigrant should have never ever been here. Kate, as you remember from San Francisco, shot viciously by somebody that was sent out of the country five times and will probably get off.

Donald Trump: I see the lawyer in there saying, "Oh, maybe it wasn't him." Enough. It's terrible. It will go on for years and years and years. What happened to Kate and so many others, so many others and we're going to have a country where we can be free to walk around and free to walk the streets and free to look at the beautiful Golden Gate bridge with your father, like Kate was doing, and then shot from nowhere.

Donald Trump: We're going to have a country that's going to be safe again. Just remember that we're going to have a country that's gonna be safer. We're not going to play games. We're not going to be politically correct perhaps. But we're going to have a country that's going to be safe. We're gonna make our government so important, responsible to the people not to the special interests.

Donald Trump: The special interests controlled your government, folks, the special interests. I mean, you see what happened today where Bill Clinton goes in the other day into an airplane. Just happened to be "Oh just a coincidence." You know. He just happened to be at the airport at this time. Think of it. Just happened to be at the airport.

Donald Trump: You know when I first heard the story, I said, "No, no you're kidding. I don't believe it." I thought somebody was joking but it's not a joke. It's not a joke. It's a very serious thing. And to have a thing like that happen, it's so sad. And as you know, Hillary is so guilty. She's so guilty. I mean you can read them right off here and how that's not being pursued properly.

Donald Trump: And I think that he really -- I think he really opened it up. He opened up a Pandora's box and it shows what's going on. And it shows what's happening with our laws and with our government. But if you think that he just happened to be at the airport because nobody really and he may have and honestly, he may have left and gone someplace.

Donald Trump: But it seems like he's talking about golf and grandchildren. I love my grandchildren so much but if I talk about him for more than about nine or 10 seconds, you know.

Donald Trump: What do I love? My grandchildren. I love that one, I love that one, I love, love, love that when I look at them, beautiful. I love these kids. After that, what do you have to say, right? I love those kids. They're -- they're great. I love -- I love my children. I love my children. My children are going to be speaking at the convention.

Donald Trump: My children are going to be speaking. Ivanka, Tiffany, Don, Erica they're going to be speaking. My wife is going to be speaking at the convention and we're going to have -- we're going to have a great time. And then you have to talk about golf for the rest of the time.

Donald Trump: And you know, I love golf that after talking for a couple of minutes, it's hard to talk about it much longer than. And above all well, we're going to do so important. We're going to put America first. I have to say it. We don't put America first.

Donald Trump: We don't put -- we don't put America first and we have to. So when we look at what's going on in our country and when we see all of the mistakes that are being made and we see all of the corruption and all of the horrendous politicians. By the way I have to tell you, some great politicians too. I've met some people that are great people.

Donald Trump: These are great people and they love the country and they're there for the right reasons. But you made so many that aren't. You just meet so many, that aren't. And we do deal in a rigged system to rigged system. And I learned so much during the primaries. I won as an example. I won in New Orleans. I went to make a speech.

Donald Trump: Louisiana, I was in New Orleans, made a speech. I then went into Louisiana, float -- flew into the airport in Louisiana. There was this massive hangar and it was the night before the election and I gave a speech and it was just great.

Donald Trump: We had so many thousands and thousands of people at the airport. The hangar was packed. It was a massive room probably three times, four times bigger than this room. It was packed and that was the night before the election. I said, "How could I lose? How can I lose?" And I didn't lose. I won and I wasn't expected to win.

Donald Trump: You know I won a lot of things that I wasn't expected to do and I won easily. But I won. And everything was good. And then about two weeks later, they're showing delegate counts to me. "Sir you did this, you did this, you did that." It's good. What about this one? That's wrong. Because I won that state, right?

Donald Trump: Yes sir, you did. But I have less delegates than the people that lost and that's when I realized it's rigged folks. It's rigged. But I got smart fast, I got smart fast. I mean, I got smart very fast.

Donald Trump: And one of the things that we're going to focus on and we're going to focus on more than almost anything. Because you know, look, we need safety. We need borders. We're going to have the wall. We're building the wall and the wall is necessary and we're gonna have a great relationship with Mexico. It'll going to be very important but we've got to build a wall.

Donald Trump: Mexico's going to pay for the wall. You understand that? No, no they're going to face civil war and we're going to have trade and we're gonna have lots of good things happen with Mexico. Mexico doesn't like us right now. Mexico doesn't respect our leaders. Remember Sergeant temporarily remember they couldn't get him out of prison.

Donald Trump: Right. Gretta was very helpful. I think I was helpful. At least I helped them. But -- but couldn't get him out and he was there for a long time. Long, long time in one of the meanest, worst prisons in the world. They say horrible place.

Donald Trump: We couldn't get him out. Should have gotten him out. I'm not sure the president even made a phone call. I will tell you something when things like that happen if I'm president. I know they say, "Oh it's not presidential. You shouldn't do that." But things like that happen. If I'm president, I promise you I'll be making phone calls.

Donald Trump: Folks, I'm going to be over. I'm not -- I'm not really sure that he ever even made a phone call. Certainly there was no rush. It's sort of like the horrible deal that we made with Iran. Iran has become a power. We have made over the last few years over between Hillary Clinton and John Kerry who made it. Was one of the worst negotiators I've ever seen.

Donald Trump: How about he goes out and breaks his leg in a bicycle race. Can you believe this? He's in the middle of negotiating with you and he's got all this stuff on. He's got all deal, all the companies, all deal, the element got everything gone. I promise you, I swear to you. I will never be in a bicycle race during a major negotiation.

Donald Trump: Never. Never.

Donald Trump: But how about that deal? And if you look. Iran was a country that was in deep trouble. They were doing badly and then we took the sanctions off. We should have never taken the sanctions off before we finished the deal. We took the sanctions off before you know why they're great negotiators they said we will not negotiate unless you take the sanctions off and our guys said, "OK that's what they said." And when they said that, why didn't we say, "We want our prisoners back" OK, because our prisoners were there for years after that saga.

Donald Trump: So it's like 101 Trump: The Art of the Deal. right? 101, we say OK and we took the sanctions off. If we got nothing for that they agreed to sit down. They were dying. They were choking. And instead of saying, "We'll take the sanctions off." But there's two things. Number one, you've got to release the prisoners right now.

Donald Trump: Number two, we're not going to give you $150 million back.

Donald Trump: OK, we're not giving and they're going to say, "No way, no way." You know they're great negotiators. The Persians are great negotiators. They're going to say, "No way." in a million years. "No way." Then you leave. Kerry never got up and left, right? Never got up and left. Then you leave and by the time you get back to the United States, don't even get off the plane.

Donald Trump: It's going to turn around and go back. You'll have your prisoners and you won't have to pay the 150 billion back. So sad because I'm all for making deals. I think it's great to make deals and nuclear is a good thing, not a bad thing. But you got to make good deals. This is a deal that's ruinous to Israel in my opinion.

Donald Trump: I think this deal is a disaster, a disaster for us. But it's a disaster and even a bigger disaster for Israel.

Donald Trump: So, we're going to have great deals made. We're going to make smart deals if you think about it. So you had Iran which was choking, which had no, I mean there were literally going to bust up. I mean they were at a point where they were going to remember the riots and then Obama gave the regime solace and they just took care of those riots so easily.

Donald Trump: There was a time when they could have all change. It could have all change. So instead we have a power, a real power that's fighting us. How about we make a deal there in Yemen we're fighting them in Yemen. We make a deal but we don't make a deal we don't talk about Yemen. And when asked about why we didn't discuss Yemen because we're fighting Iran on the other side.

Donald Trump: We're going to like this. Well, why didn't you put that into the deal? And Kerry said it was too complicated. Let's complicate what's complicated. We give it all this stuff away and they'll have nuclear weapons. They could buy nuclear weapons with the money there. They'd become a real power and now they're on the side of Assad.

Donald Trump: And you know that whole debate we'll have to talk about because you know I disagree with a lot of the things that a lot of people have been saying about the Middle East and about what we're doing.

Donald Trump: You know it's very interesting. We spent tremendous, tremendous, tremendous amounts of money protecting other nations that are very, very wealthy, Japan, Germany, Saudi Arabia, South Korea. We spend money. In South Korea we have 28,000 soldiers on the line between them and the madmen, right? We have 28,000. Every time he acts up we start sending our ships, our planes, our boats so that you know, you turn on one of those ships and cost you $2 million.

Donald Trump: I would say, "Don't turn on the engine. Save the money. Don't, don't please." The captain would say, "Sir would you like to hear the engine?" I'd say, if it was me, I'd say, "No, no, no, no, no just save the money. Relax the engine's fine." But it's true it's true. I mean that's what they -- it's a different thinking, right?

Donald Trump: A lot of business people and it's a different thing. There's so much waste. There's so much fraud. There's so much abuse. So we spend all of this money and I don't want to see them armed. Ideally, I don't want to see them. But you always have to be prepared to walk like Kerry should have walked with her and he should have walked and then he should have said, "Double up the sanctions." And believe me you'll be back there within two days.

Donald Trump: All right. And most of that flying time. Now, that's what he said. But you have to be prepared to walk. He never walks. OK. So he never won. So what happened with Kerry and what happens with all of us is we have the wrong people. We have the greatest negotiators in the world, anywhere in the world we're the greatest negotiators but we don't use them.

Donald Trump: We use political hacks. So with Germany, with Japan, with Saudi Arabia, which has nothing but money, if we weren't protecting Saudi Arabia -- Turkey. Are you from Turkey? Sure. Good. Congratulations. I actually have a very nice job in Turkey, Zain. Please mention Turkey. OK, I think he's friend. Are you friend or foe?

Donald Trump: I think he's friend. But it's true. Turkey. I do. We have investments in Turkey. I have investments in a lot of different places. But I will tell you and Turkey by the way should be fighting ISIS. I hope to see Turkey go out and fight ISIS because ISIS has in a certain sense, taken very serious advantage of Turkey.

Donald Trump: They've taken advantage. And Turkey has a tremendously powerful military and they could wipe ISIS out by themselves. I would love to see that how why would we love to see that? because it looks like it was ISIS that did all the damage in the airport. That was Turkey. So I think Turkey is all of a sudden going to change and say that's enough for this.

Donald Trump: And Turkey has the power to do it and they have the power to do it all by themselves. They could do it and they could do it pretty swiftly too. So with all of these countries we pay for the military, big portions, big portions disproportionately. So I said we have to get them to pass.

Donald Trump: And I have a very good plan. I was right on NATO. You know when I first gave my -- when they asked me about NATO and I first said my statement, "It's obsolete and they don't cover terrorism like they should." And on top of that the countries of NATO aren't paying what they're supposed to be paying. It was on television.

Donald Trump: Everyone smile. Oh, that's so funny. Funny, like a joke. Funny. Then about four days later they said, "You know Trump was sort of right. You have these people that study NATO but they're so close to it." He's so totally close that they can't see the forest for the trees. Does that make sense? So about four days later they said , "You know I said NATO is obsolete.

Donald Trump: And they don't study. They don't have terrorism the way it should have. Everything had the right countries for terrorism, actually but they don't have terrorism as a big thing. And we're paying for so much and a lot of these countries aren't paying what they're supposed to be paying. Many of them. So we're protecting all these countries.

Donald Trump: They're not even paying us what they're supposed to be paying. And that's too little. So I made that statement and I'm telling you for three or four days it was like, "Donald Trump doesn't --"

Donald Trump: Now I'm not saying I'm an expert in that or what. I never -- nobody ever asked me about NATO before but I have a lot of common sense and I have a lot of business sense. I built this great company. I built an unbelievable company. I have businesses. So three or four days later all of a sudden they start saying, "You know what, Trump just said makes a lot of sense to me now." So two weeks ago I pick up the Wall Street Journal and then the front page of The Wall Street Journal headline NATO: To Develop New Unit for Terrorism.

Donald Trump: So what I told and then it announced. "One of the top people in the world" It is NATO, right? "But one of the top people to be put in charge."

Donald Trump: OK, I said, that's what I said. Now my name was mentioned in the bottom. They said, "Donald Trump complained." Oh great. I didn't complain. I said NATO is obsolete because that didn't mean abandoned NATO didn't mean anything. Either you fix or you have to develop something having to do with terrorism but it's obsolete.

Donald Trump: We have a different world today than we had 40 years ago and 60 years ago we have a different world. Even the Soviet Union is now Russia. But let's say Russia's damn strong so leave it for that. But you know what. It's a different world and I see things that a lot of people don't. I said take the oil. You shouldn't. I also said don't go into Iraq.

Donald Trump: It's a big mistake. You're going to destabilize the Middle East. But I also said don't go out the way. We went out. We just went out.

Donald Trump: President Obama announced we're going to be up by a certain date. The only thing deceptive about that was the enemy said, "Nobody would have said." So I don't think they believed it. And then the date happened. We left and you know this all led to the formation of ISIS and lots of other things. But I said when you go out, take the oil, right?

Donald Trump: How long have I been saying that ? For years! And you know on television I say before I did that they said, "What is your plan." What is a plan? I said I don't want to really say because I have a really good chance of being elected. I don't want to talk about it. You know General Patton didn't sit on television and say, "Let's see on July 16th, we're going to attack ISIS from behind.

Donald Trump: Where they're going to knock out a battalion over here and we're going to drop so many bombs at this quadrant and we're going to go -- here's my plan." and by the way everything, you ever notice, everything we do, it's always hard because we always have to say. So I say to the television people I don't really tell you I was -- I'm on Bill O'Reilly the other night.

Donald Trump: I should feel I don't want to really talk about it. Believe me I know what I'm going to do when I knock the hell out of ISIS. I don't want to really too much shock about it. But here's the problem. You've got to get elected. So you got to talk about it. It's a little defective. You gotta get elected. So you got to talk about it. So I said I'd go in with NATO and I'd make them or do something and I go in and it also get all of the countries around there that are really involved that have to be involved.

Donald Trump: And I go and you got to clean it up because these people are chopping off heads. They're drowning people. We're not allowed to waterboard, right. We can't waterboard.

Donald Trump: They're allowed to chop off heads. They're allowed to drown people. I said the other day when they go home and they're together and they just chopped off 50 heads, drowned two hundred people and then they say in the United States they don't allow waterboarding. They think we are so stupid. They think we are so weak.

Donald Trump: They have no respect for us, whatsoever. And remember this. The only thing they understand is strength. They don't understand kindness. They don't understand political correctness. The only thing they understand is strength and toughness and we're weak. We're weak and Hillary is weak as you get. Hillary is a weak person.

Donald Trump: She's a weak person. They will not understand Hillary. They want her to get in so badly. The last person they want to see become president of the United States, believe me, is Donald Trump. I can tell you that. I was the last person. They have dreams at night and their dreams are that Hillary Clinton becomes president of our country.

Donald Trump: Believe me. So we need to show toughness. We need to show strength. We have to level the playing field. We don't have a level playing field. We don't fight to win anymore. We don't win anymore.

Donald Trump: We don't win with the economy. We got China ripping us off. We have Japan ripping us off. We have Mexico beating us at the border. Beating us on trade, taking all of our companies. I mean they're taking tremendous numbers of companies. It's unbelievable. I think one of the reasons I won in Indiana is that the air conditioning company Carrier announced they were leaving.

Donald Trump: They're going to fire 1,400 people who went to my speeches. They were -- they were all over the place.

Donald Trump: Every time I was here from Korea, all these hands would be raised. Fourteen hundred people fired viciously and stupidly because Carrier was moving and they're from Indianapolis. Carrier was moving to Mexico. I think it had a huge because I won. You remember that was gonna be the firewall for the other people that were running against me and it was a firewall for me. I won with a landslide.

Donald Trump: Right now having Bobby Knight helped a lot but I will tell you they and New York and New England and every place, Pennsylvania, Big league, we have our companies leaving, so that happens.

Donald Trump: We're going to stop that. We're going to stop that call and we're going to be so strong and we're going to be so smart and we're going to start winning again. We're going to start winning like we have never won before. We don't win anymore as a country. We don't win for our vets. We're going to take care of our vets by the way.

Donald Trump: We don't win for our vets. We don't win for anything. We don't win for our pride. We don't win anymore and it's going to stop. We're going to be victorious in so many different ways. As an example, Common Core we're bringing our education back locally. We're getting rid of Common Core. We're getting rid of Common Core.

Donald Trump: We're going to bring our education local. Our education system is a mess and a big reason is coming.

Donald Trump: So we're going to start winning again folks. We're going to win with our military. We're going to win for our vets. We're going to win with education. We're going to win with health care. We're going to win big, big, big with trade. We're not going to have these deficits of $500 billion dollars a year losses.

Donald Trump: We have with China $505 billion a year. They laugh at us and everyone talks about free trade. I was asked the other day I was said, they said, "Well, what's your --" I know free trade so much, OK.

Donald Trump: They said, "Well what's your definition? What do you like? I said I like trade. Well, we make great deals for the United States. That's what I -- That's my definition. That's my definition of trade. I know every form of trade I know every form of taxation. We're going to make great deals with the United States.

Donald Trump: We have the greatest negotiators in the world. We don't use them. We use political hacks. We're gonna make great deals for the United States. So we're got to bring our money back. We right now owe China $1.8 trillion dollars. We owe Japan $1.6 trillion. Think of it, Japan sends us millions of cars and we owe them $1.6 trillion.

Donald Trump: You know what I call that a magic act, in reverse. It's like a magic. So folks we're going to start winning again. We're going to win so much that the people of Colorado are going to be sick of winning.

Donald Trump: You're going to say, "Oh, I can't stand it." This guy, this president, he wins too much. We're not used to it. We can't take it and your representatives and our great head of the Republican Party who is a great guy, by the way and I thank you for introducing me. I'm going to get calls in the White House.

Donald Trump: Mr. President, please sir, please. We don't want to win this much. We're winning too much. My people in Colorado are going crazy. We just don't want to win. Not that much. Just a little bit. I say, "No way. We're going to win, win, win and we're going to make America great again."

Donald Trump: OK. So I want to thank you all. I love you folks. Get out there. Get out there and vote. We got to get out there and vote. And I want to thank you. Thank you everybody. I love you folks. Thank you very much.