Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-new-york-ny-october-20-2016

Question: Donald, the microphone is yours.

Donald Trump: Thank you Al. Wow. That was good. Mm.

Donald Trump: This is a helluva dinner. Well I want to thank Your Eminence. This is really great to be with you again. Beloved Governor Cuomo, our great senators.

Donald Trump: Hi Chuck. He used to love me when I was a Democrat you know. [Laughter] Mayor de Blasio. Wherever you are.

Donald Trump: Where's Mayor de Blasio? [Inaudible] See in the old days I would have know him very well but I haven't doing so much of the real estate any. And I want to thank Al and Ann Smith, just a fantastic job you do with the dinner. Congratulations on a record - over $6 million, right? He's got a record. [Applause] And a special hello to all of you in this room who have known and loved me for many, many years.

Donald Trump: It's true. The politicians. They've had me to their homes, they've introduced me to their children, I've become their best friends in many instances. They've asked for my endorsement and they always wanted my money.

Donald Trump: And even called me really a dear, dear friend. But then suddenly, decided when I ran for president as a Republican, that I've always been a no-good, rotten, disgusting scoundrel. And they totally forgot about me. But that's OK.

Donald Trump: You know, they say when you do this kind of an event you always start out with a self-deprecating joke. Some people think this would be tough for me, but the truth is ... [Laughter] It's true -- the truth is I'm actually a modest person. Very modest.

Donald Trump: It's true. In fact many people tell me that modesty is perhaps my best quality. [Laughter] Even better than my temperament. [Laughter] You know Cardinal Dolan and I have some things in common.

Donald Trump: For instance, we both run impressive properties on Fifth Avenue. Of course his is much more impressive than mine. That's because I built mine with my own beautifully formed hands. [Laughter] While his was built with the hands of God, and nobody can compete with God.

Donald Trump: Is that correct? Nobody. Right? [Applause] That's right. No contest. It's great to be here with a thousand wonderful people, or, as I call it, a small intimate dinner with some friends.

Donald Trump: Or as Hillary calls it, her largest crowd of the season. [Laughter] Ahh, this stuff. This is corny stuff. I do recognize that I come into this event with a little bit of an advantage.

Donald Trump: I know that so many of you in the archdiocese already have a place in your heart for a guy who started out as a carpenter working for his father. I was a carpenter working for mine. [Laughter] True. Not for a long period of time but I was.

Donald Trump: For about three weeks. What's great about the Al Smith Dinner is that even in the rough and tumble world of a really, really hard-fought campaign - in fact I don't know if you know Hillary but last night they said, That was the most vicious debate in the history of politics And I don't know - are we supposed to be proud of that or where are we supposed to be on that one. But they did say that and I'm trying to think back to Lincoln. I don't think we can compete with that.

Donald Trump: But the candidates have some light-hearted moments together, which is true. I have no doubt that Hillary is going to laugh quite a bit tonight, sometimes even at appropriate moments. [Laughter] And even tonight, with all of the heated back and forth, between my opponent and me at the debate last night, we have proven that we can actually be civil to each other. In fact, just before taking the dais, Hillary accidentally bumped into me and she very civilly said, Pardon me." [Laughter] And even tonight And I very politely replied, Let me talk to you about that after I get into office. [Laughter] And I very politely replied Just kidding, just kidding.

Donald Trump: And Hillary was very gracious. She said if somehow she gets elected she wants me to be, without question, either her ambassador to Iraq or to Afghanistan. It's my choice. [Laughter] But one of the things I noticed tonight - and I've known Hillary for a long time - this is the first time ever, ever, that Hillary is sitting down and speaking to major corporate leaders and not getting paid for it. Laughter] It's true. It's true. You know, last night, I called Hillary a nasty woman In fact, I'm actually starting to like Rosie a lot. [Laughter] These events give not only the candidates a chance to be with each other in a very social setting; it also allows the candidates the opportunity to meet the other candidate's team -- good team.

Donald Trump: I know Hillary met my campaign manager, and I got the chance to meet the people who are working so hard to get her elected. There they are -- the heads of NBC, CNN, CBS, ABC -- there's the New York Times, right over there, and the Washington Post. [Laughter] They're working overtime. True.

Donald Trump: True. [Applause] Oh, this one's going to get me in trouble. [Laughter] Not with Hillary. You know, the president told me to stop whining, but I really have to say, the media is even more biased this year than ever before -- ever.

Donald Trump: You want the proof? Michelle Obama gives a speech and everyone loves it -- it's fantastic. They think she's absolutely great. My wife, Melania, gives the exact same speech -- [Laughter] '-- and people get on her case. [Applause] And I don't get it.

Donald Trump: I don't know why. [Applause] And it wasn't her fault. Stand up, Melania. Come on.

Donald Trump: She took a lot of abuse. [Applause] Oh, I'm in trouble when I go home tonight. I'm -- she didn't know about that one. Am I okay? Is it okay? Cardinal, please speak to her. Laughter] I'd like to address an important religious matter: the issue of going to confession. Or, as Hillary calls it, the Fourth of July weekend with FBI Director Comey. [Laughter] Now, I'm told Hillary went to confession before tonight's event, but the priest was having a hard time, when he asked about her sins, and she said she couldn't remember 39 times. [Laughter] Hillary is so corrupt, she got kicked off the Watergate Commission. Booing] How corrupt do you have to be to get kicked off the Watergate Commission? Pretty corrupt. Hillary is, and has been, in politics since the 70s. What's her pitch? The economy is busted? The government's corrupt? Washington is failing? Vote for me. I've been working on these problems for 30 years.

Donald Trump: I can fix it" I wasn't really sure if Hillary was going to be here tonight, because I guess you didn't send her invitation by email. Or, maybe, you did and she just found out about it through the wonder of WikiLeaks. [Laughter] We've learned so much from WikiLeaks. For example, Hillary believes that it's vital to deceive the people by having one public policy -- [Booing] '-- and a totally different policy in private.

Donald Trump: That's okay. I don't know who they're angry at Hillary, you or I. For example, here she is tonight, in public, pretending not to hate Catholics. Now some of you haven't noticed, Hillary isn't laughing as much as the rest of us.

Donald Trump: That's because she knows the jokes. And all of the jokes were given to her in advance of the dinner by Donna Brazile. Which is - everyone knows, of course, Hillary's belief that it takes a village, which only makes sense after all in places like Haiti, where she's taken a number of them. [Booing] Thank you.

Donald Trump: I don't know - and I don't want this evening without saying something nice about my opponent. Hillary has been in Washington a long time. She knows a lot about how government works. And according to her sworn testimony Hillary has forgotten more things than most of us will ever, ever, ever know.

Donald Trump: That I can tell you. [Booing] We're having some fun here tonight and that's good. On a personal note, what an amazing honor it is to be with all of you. And I want to congratulate Hillary on getting the nomination and we're in there fighting and over the next 19 days somebody's going to be chosen.

Donald Trump: We'll see what happens. But I have great memories of coming to this dinner with my father over the years when I was a young man. Great experience for me. This was always a special experience for him and me to be together.

Donald Trump: One thing we can all agree on is the need to support the great work that comes out of the dinner. Millions of dollars have been raised to support disadvantaged children, and I applaud the many people who have worked to make this wonderful event a critical lifeline for children in need. [Applause] And that we together broke the all-time record tonight is really something special. More than $6 million net, net, net, net.

Donald Trump: The cardinal told me that's net net, Donald, remember. We can also agree on the need to stand up to anti-Catholic bias, to defend religious liberty and to create a culture that celebrates life. America is in many ways divided ... [Applause] Thank you.

Donald Trump: America is in many ways divided like it's never been before. And the great religious leaders here tonight give us all an example that we can follow. We're living in a time, an age that we never thought possible before. The vicious barbarism we read about in history books, but never thought we'd see it in our so-called modern- day world.

Donald Trump: Who would have thought we would be witnessing what we're witnessing today. We've got to be very strong, very, very smart, and we've got to come together not only as a nation, but as a world community. Thank you very much, God bless you and God bless America. Thank you. Applause] Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you, everybody. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Wow, it's a lot of people. Wow. Thank you very much, everybody. I love North Carolina.

Donald Trump: We're going to have a big victory in North Carolina. In 56 days, we are going to win this state and we are going to win back The White House. Believe me. And by the way, we have thousands of people outside trying to get in.

Donald Trump: Would anybody like to give up their place? Anybody? No. No. Thank you all very much. It's a great honor.

Donald Trump: To win back The White House, however, you must get out and vote. And remember that this means early voting, which begins on October 20th. So you have to go out, vote, on the 8th. Or early vote starting from October 20th.

Donald Trump: This is our chance, in my opinion, it's our last chance. I really believe that. It's our last chance to take it back, to fix our rigged system, and to create prosperity for each and every American. True.

Donald Trump: It's our last chance, folks, this is it. And after that, we have a whole new different country. And you are not going to like it very much. Our vision of hope stands in stark contrast to my opponent's campaign of hate.

Donald Trump: Hillary Clinton has been running a hate-filled and negative campaign with no policy, no solutions, and no new ideas. True. By contrast, I have been going around the country offering very detailed plans for reform and change. All of these reform plans are available on our website, and they are extensive.

Donald Trump: But we have no choice, we have no choice. While my opponent slanders you as deplorable and irredeemable. [Booing] I call you hard-working American patriots who love your country and want a better future for all our people. True.

Donald Trump: Your mothers and fathers, soldiers and sailors, carpenters and welders, you are lawyers, you are very rich people in some cases. You are at the top of your class, you are at the top of your university, you are professors, you are everybody. You are everybody. You're Democrats, you're Independents, you're Republicans.

Donald Trump: Above all else, you are Americans and you're entitled to leadership that honors you, cherishes you, and totally defends you and that is what you're going to get if you vote for Donald Trump. Every American is entitled to be treated with dignity and respect in our country. Every American. Whether you vote for me or whether you vote for someone else, I will be your champion in the White House.

Donald Trump: That, I can promise. Hillary Clinton represents only the insiders, the donors, and special interests. She talks change but why hasn't she given it in 35 years? For 35 years she's been here, why hasn't she given change, she never will in a million years. He won't do it. Booing] I will be speaking more about Hillary Clinton's disqualifying remarks in a minute. But first, let me invite on to the stage some of our wonderful supporters who can tell you themselves what they think of her very horrible statements that she made three days ago. Folks, come on up. [Applause] These are not deplorable people.

Donald Trump: That, I can tell you. Come on over.