Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-wilmington-nc-november-5-2016

Donald Trump: Wow what a great job. What a great job. And that's five languages, right. That's not easy to do. I couldn't do it. That's really amazing. Thank you, honey. And I have my boy Eric and his great wife Laura, who comes from this area, right. Right alongside. And we have a very, very powerful man who I hear is doing very well.

Donald Trump: Is it working out well? Come here, governor, come here. He's been loyal to Trump from day one.

Pat McCrory: We need an outsider to clean up Washington D.C. just like we have an outsider to clean up Raleigh, North Carolina. This is the best of America. God bless you all. Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: He's a fantastic guy. He's been there from day one too, believe me. So I just want to thank everybody for being here. It's an amazing situation that we're going through. But I can tell you we are going to win and we're going to win big. Hillary Clinton has all of these celebrities and failed politicians out campaigning for her and she has grabbed so much smaller than ours I just have me. But I have my family.

Donald Trump: I have my family. I've had Eric and Lara.

Donald Trump: And Don. Don Jr. And Ivanka, nobody's ever heard of Ivanka, and Tiffany. Every one of them. Now Baron, someday, he's a little young but I will tell you I've had my family and they've been all over. And Mike Pence has been incredible too. By the way, I'll tell you he's been incredible. In three days we are going to win the great state of North Carolina.

Donald Trump: And we are going to win back the White House. Real change begins with immediately, immediately repealing and replacing Obamacare.

Donald Trump: It's just been announced that the residents of North Carolina are going to experience massive double-digit premium hikes. So high. And I say this to all the groups because it's also high, it's so depressing. I don't want to tell them what it is. So I won't tell you because right now you're happy and you'd be very sad, you'd probably turn your head down and start leaving.

Donald Trump: But it's bad.

Donald Trump: In the great state of Arizona as an example. Premiums are going up more than 116%. Ninety five of 100 North Carolina counties will only have one insurer in the Obamacare exchange next year. Lots of luck with that negotiation.

Donald Trump: Premiums are surging, companies are leaving, insurers are fleeing, doctors are quitting, and deductibles are going through the roof. Yet Hillary Clinton wants to double down on Obamacare making it even more expensive and in fact, much more expensive. I'm asking you for your vote so we can repeal and replace Obamacare and save health care not only for North Carolina but for the country.

Donald Trump: It's a mess.

Donald Trump: Real change also means restoring honesty to government. As you know the FBI has reopened its criminal investigation of Hillary Clinton. They're also conducting a second criminal investigation into Hillary's pay-for-play corruption at the State Department. It has just been confirmed that the 650,000 e-mails they discovered, that weren't turned in by the way, they discovered them.

Donald Trump: Thank you to Mr. Anthony Wiener. Include brand new e-mails not previously turned over to authorities. Likely including even more classified information and may be classified at the highest, highest level. How sad. However the reports also show that the political leadership at the Department of Justice is trying very hard.

Donald Trump: As hard as they can. To protect Hillary Clinton.

Donald Trump: Think of it. Think of it. You have a great four-star general that right now -- current, a current four-star general. That right now, General Cartwright, James Cartwright is possibly going to be serving as much as five years in jail. General Petraeus, great general. His life was destroyed. Young man took some pictures of a submarine, he's in jail now for a year.

Donald Trump: I watched his mother the other night. And Hillary Clinton is running for president and she's done 25 times worse than any of them or all of them put together. John Podesta her boss, her head said that she has bad instincts.

Donald Trump: Pretty bad when your person your top person working for you said you have bad instincts. That came out on WikiLeaks. Bernie Sanders would say constantly during the debates, which by the way she received the questions, nobody ever says anything about. Can you imagine if I received the questions to the debates.

Donald Trump: They would call for my immediate withdrawal. You don't even hear about it from her. You don't even hear about it.

Donald Trump: But Bernie Sanders said she has bad, bad judgment. She does just take a look at what she's done. Take a look at the email mess. How about if she's running the country? She can't even run an e-mail. Hillary created an illegal email server to shield her criminal activity and then she illegally destroyed 33,000 emails after receiving a congressional subpoena.

Donald Trump: I mean, think of that. She made 13 phones disappear, some with a hammer. She is the most corrupt person ever to seek the office of the presidency.

Donald Trump: If she were to win, it would create an unprecedented constitutional crisis. If she ever got into the Oval Office, Hillary in her special interests would rob this country blind. You've seen what's happened. The Clinton family have made themselves rich by being in politics. As President Harry Truman once said, "You can't get rich in politics unless you're a crook.", which is an interesting side.

Donald Trump: Harry Truman.

Donald Trump: My contract with the American voter begins with a plan to end government corruption and to take our country back from the special interests. And you know, I used to be on the other side of things, in case you didn't know. And I led a very nice life but I also love our country. And this was an easy decision.

Donald Trump: I went from being the ultimate insider to being an outsider like they'd never seen before. We are doing so well. This is a movement like they've never ever seen before. They'd never seen anything like this before. I love this country.

Donald Trump: I want the entire corrupt Washington establishment to hear the words we all are about to see. When we win in November 8th. We are going to Washington and we will drain the swamp. So true. So true. An expression I've gotten to like. At the core of my contract is my plan to bring back our jobs. North Carolina has lost nearly half of its manufacturing jobs since NAFTA.

Donald Trump: A deal signed by Bill Clinton and supported by crooked Hillary Clinton.

Donald Trump: America has lost 70,000 factories since China entered the World Trade Organization. Another Bill-and-Hillary-backed disaster. We're living through the greatest jobs theft in the history of the world. Nobody has ever taken jobs from anyone like other countries have taken our jobs.

Donald Trump: Thank you. I love you too. Rough guy. He's a rough sounding guy but I do love him. I do love him. I love you all. I guess that's why I'm doing this. I guess, right. I guess. Bill attacks laid off 1,125 and and moved their jobs to Mexico and other countries. Freight Liner laid off 500 workers in Mount Holly and move their jobs to Mexico.

Donald Trump: Brunswick Corp. laid off 212 workers and moved their jobs to Mexico.

Donald Trump: Flextronics. Oh, I'm not going to buy their product anymore. Laid off 312 workers in Charlotte and move their jobs to Mexico, China, and various other countries. And many, many more. We could go on all day long with that. At Trump administration, we'll stop the jobs from leaving America and we will stop the jobs from leaving North Carolina, that I can tell you.

Donald Trump: The theft of American prosperity will end and it will end immediately upon taking office.

Donald Trump: If a company wants to fire their workers, leave North Carolina, move to another country and then ship their products back into the United States. We will make them pay a tax of 35%. And I'll tell you what's going to happen. They're not leaving. They're not going to leave. And for the ones that do that it's OK, we'll make a fortune when they sell their products into this country.

Donald Trump: But they won't be leaving North Carolina. It ends so quickly. Now the politicians probably know this. I'm sure you've never heard it before, probably haven't but you'll stop it immediately. The outflow of jobs from our country is disgraceful. It's a disgrace.

Donald Trump: A Trump administration will renegotiate NAFTA. And if we don't get the deal we want we will terminate NAFTA and get a much better deal for our companies and our workers. We will also immediately stop the job-killing Trans-Pacific Partnership, which Hillary Clinton loved and said it's the gold standard. It is the gold standard for other countries not for us. That'll take the rest of our jobs.

Donald Trump: As part of our plan to bring back jobs we're going to show and create lower taxes on American business from 35% down to 15%.

Donald Trump: It'll start the engine running like you've never seen. We will massively cut taxes for the middle class. And Hillary wants to increase your taxes by a lot. So between Obamacare, which will double and double and double and higher taxes, you're not going to be happy if you have Hillary Clinton. We will unleash the American energy and I'll tell you we have such power right under our feet, including shale, oil, natural gas, and clean coal.

Donald Trump: Going to put our miners back to work. We're going to put our steelworkers back to work.

Donald Trump: Our plan will end the EPA intrusion into your family farms. Stop the double taxation of family farms at debt. We will stop that. That farms, the father dies, they have to sell their farm to pay the taxes. That's going to end.

Donald Trump: We will cancel billions of dollars in global warming payments to the United Nations. Nobody knows where that money goes. And use that money to invest in America including roads, ports, bridges, waterways. We'll build highways, we'll fix our existing roads, we'll fix our bridges, half of which are in horrible condition, some of which are in dangerous condition.

Donald Trump: We will rebuild our infrastructure.

Donald Trump: And we'll rebuild our inner cities. The African-American community, the Hispanic community living in the inner cities, treated so unfairly, high crime, bad education, no jobs. We will fix it. We will fix it. Believe me. And we will fix it quickly. The Democrats for 100 years have run the inner cities and all they do is every four years they come around.

Donald Trump: Give me a vote, give me a vote. You give him the vote. They say, "See you in four years.", they do nothing. We will fix the inner cities. We'll bring back jobs we'll bring back safety. We will bring back education. All I say is this, "What the hell do you have to lose."

Donald Trump: I will fix it. Give us a chance. Believe me. Been very unfair. Been very unfair to the African-American community, the Hispanic communities. Give us a chance. We will fix it. We will become a rich nation once again. But to be a rich nation we must also be a safe nation. Hillary wants a 550% increase in Syrian refugees pouring into our country.

Donald Trump: Her plan will import generations of terrorism, extremism, and radicalism into our schools and into your communities all throughout.

Donald Trump: When I'm elected president, we will suspend the Syrian refugee program and we will keep radical Islamic terrorists the hell out of our country. Have no choice. We have no choice. And we all have a heart and we'll build safe zones in Syria. We'll get the Gulf states to pay for them because we owe $20 trillion.

Donald Trump: We don't need to pay anymore. We have to fix our own country. But we'll help them and we'll get people that, frankly, have plenty of money to pay. And they'll be happy to do it. A Trump Administration will also secure defend the borders of the United States. And yes we will build a great wall.

Donald Trump: [Crowd cheering]

Donald Trump: We received the first ever endorsement issued by America's incredible people. The Border Patrol officers and ICE. Never given an endorsement before. It's just been reported that as a result of our open borders, violent cartels have spread to all 50 of our states. More than 90% of those arrested are illegal.

Donald Trump: They're here illegally.

Donald Trump: Think of it, 90% are here illegally. You ask yourself, "What are we doing. What are we doing?" They're killing innocent Americans. Threatening -- and they are just killing innocent Americans. Take a look at what's happening. Threatening schools and destroying communities. A government that will not protect its people as a government, that is unworthy to lead and unworthy to serve.

Donald Trump: As Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton allowed thousands of the most dangerous and violent criminal aliens to go free because their home countries were very smart they wouldn't take them back. We'd bring them there they'd say, "Get out of here."

Donald Trump: Murderers, drug lords, gang heads would bring them there they say, "We don't want them back. We don't want them back." Well, let me tell you something. There won't be one instance in four years or eight years, where we bring them into their country that they come back into our country, that I can promise you.

Donald Trump: They came back all the time. They said, "We don't want them." and she would say, "Oh, that's OK. Bring them back. Put them right out on the streets." And you know what's happened. Hillary Clinton supports totally open borders. There goes your country and supports sanctuary cities like in San Francisco where Kate Steinle was murdered by an illegal immigrant deported at least five times.

Donald Trump: Thousands of Americans would be alive today.

Donald Trump: If it were not for the open border policy of Obama and Clinton here in North Carolina. Twenty-year old Liana Newman and her unborn child were killed by an illegal immigrant with two prior deportations. Liana's killer had two prior DUI convictions for driving with a revoked license and a conviction for assault charges, very serious assault.

Donald Trump: And people that knew him back to have him incarcerated or deported. But they wouldn't do it.

Donald Trump: Another amazing American lost his life to illegal immigration was John Wilkerson, whose mother I've gotten to know during the campaign. Josh, a student in high school, was murdered at the age of 17. Credible young man, great student, great person, everybody loved him. He was tortured strangled and beaten to death by an illegal immigrant.

Donald Trump: And then his body was set on fire. Everybody said, "Please incarcerate this maniac." They wouldn't do it.

Donald Trump: A Trump administration will end this nightmare of violence. We will protect American lives. We will cancel all federal funding to sanctuary cities. We will stop illegal immigration, deport every last criminal alien, and dismantle every criminal gang and cartel threatening our citizens and that will happen very quickly.

Donald Trump: When we win you will finally have a government on your side fighting your community and protecting your family. We will also repeal the Obama-Clinton defense sequester and rebuild our badly depleted military. We have great people. We have great, great people. North Carolina will be at the very center of this effort with new advanced fighters flying from Seymour Johnson Air Force Base.

Donald Trump: We will have the newest and the best, not the old stuff that's 18 and 20 years old where they don't even make parts anymore. We will have the newest and the best.

Donald Trump: And Marine battalions at Camp Lejeune. I know Camp Lejeune. Well, we're going to be increasing the numbers. And did we ever need it more? Yeah. There were times when we needed it badly. But we're right at the top right now. We need our great military. I have major new investments also made to Fort Bragg.

Donald Trump: Anybody from Fort Bragg? So we were there the other night. We had 23,000 people. It was an ama- Was anybody there? That was an amazing evening. That was an incredible evening.

Donald Trump: We had generals, we had admirals, we had recipients of the Medal of Honor. That was an incredible evening and some of the people who have given us the endorsement we have over 200 admirals and generals. We have 22 Medal of Honor recipients who have totally endorsed me and the number is increasing on a daily basis.

Donald Trump: They like our thought process. They like when we go into Mosul, that we do it quietly, that we don't announce it for months in advance. "We're going into Mosul in four months." Why do they have to say that? Why do they have to say that? And you see the resistance is now very stiff. "We're going in because we think ISIS's leaders are staying there and we are going to get them." Three month, we're going in to Mosul.

Donald Trump: Two months, we're going in in two months, one month, one week. Well, let me tell you, they left the first time they heard it. They were gone.

Donald Trump: And it's being very, very tough. Human shields are being used all sorts of booby traps are being set. Why can't we go with surprise, right. Remember. I mean, in high school it's called the element of surprise. General Douglas MacArthur, General George Patton, can you imagine what they would be thinking if they saw this stupidity?

Donald Trump: This stupidity of our leadership.

Donald Trump: And we have a leader all he does is campaigns for crook -- I mean, all he's doing is campaigning for crooked Hillary. That's all he wants to do. And you know she can't get any crowds and she doesn't have what it takes to do rallies all over the place.

Donald Trump: She wants to go home and go to sleep. So she's got Biden. He challenged me. He challenged me. Oh, I'd like to take him. I'd like to take him behind the gym, oh, oh, I dream of that. I dream. Let me just tell you. Hey, folks, let me just tell you. If I ever said that -- if I ever said that they thought it was so cute.

Donald Trump: Oh, wasn't it wonderful what our vice president said? If I ever said that, "Oh, he's a bully. He's a horrible person. He challenged our vice president to a fight."

Donald Trump: Can you imagine what a bully he is? Much smarter, much better education, much everything. I mean, give me a break. They have Biden going around. They have all these people. And then when they can't. When that doesn't work because you know Obama is going wherever I go. I see Air Force One. And who's paying for Air Force One?

Donald Trump: Yeah. As he travels to campaign but wherever I go and I see him screaming at people that are protesters and with me they show the protester. With him they just kept the camera. They didn't want to show the protesters. But I'll tell you what. He should not be campaigning for Hillary Clinton.

Donald Trump: He should be in the Oval Office working on jobs, working on building up our military, working on good trade deals, and you know the press, which is the world's most dishonest people. These people. They never show these crowds. They never show the crowds. Never ever. They never show the crowds. But you know the press and I must tell you one of the things I've learned is the press is, I mean, honestly, they're among the most dishonest people I've ever met in my life.

Donald Trump: They're bad people. They're bad people. And the other thing I've learned is how great the people of the United States are. They're incredible people. They're incredible.

Donald Trump: But the press is very concerned because the polls are so good. By the way, the last poll I hate to say, we're winning North Carolina. We're winning in Ohio. We're winning in New Hampshire. We're winning in Iowa. We're winning in Florida. We're winning all over the place. They're going crazy. One of the people yesterday said Oh goodness look at this supposed to be a you know non-biased.

Donald Trump: A report came in on New Hampshire where we're up. We're winning. We're winning everywhere. But a report came in in New Hampshire says we're winning.

Donald Trump: And the person goes, "Oh, gosh. Oh, look. Look at this." We're winning almost everywhere, folks. This is going to be Brexit. This is going to be special. You have to get out and vote. But this is going to be special.

Donald Trump: We're going to bring our jobs back. We're going to take care of our incredible veterans who have been mistreated so badly. We're going to build up our military, we're going to do so many things. Hillary Clinton brought death and disaster to Iraq and Syria and Libya. She empowered Iran and she unleashed ISIS across the world by creating the vacuum.

Donald Trump: There was no ISIS when she was secretary of state at the beginning.

Donald Trump: She unleashed ISIS. And at the debates, by the way, did I win the debate? Those debates. But I was a little concerned because she kept saying like a week and a half she's in debate prep. I kept saying, "What am I doing?" You know I don't mind debate prep but you're supposed to know this stuff you're not supposed to be prepping too much.

Donald Trump: [Technical difficulty]

Donald Trump: Has refused to defend our borders. That will change in November 8. A Trump Administration will never ever put the interests of a foreign country before the interests of our country. From now on it will be America first to all Americans I say it's time for change, it's time for new leadership. Can you imagine four more years of Obama?

Donald Trump: Meaning, high taxes, Think of it. High taxes. ISIS all over the place.

Donald Trump: Radical Islamic terrorists. All thing. She will be worse than Obama. She will be worse than Obama. Just think about what we can accomplish in the first 100 days of a Trump administration. We are going to have the biggest tax cuts since Ronald Reagan. Even bigger.

Donald Trump: She's gonna raise your taxes. We will eliminate every unnecessary job-killing regulation, cancel every illegal Obama executive order. We will protect religious liberty, have to build that. Rebuild our military and take great great care of our phenomenal veterans.

Donald Trump: We will provide school choice and put an end to Common Core. We're bringing our education local. We will support the great men and women of law enforcement. We're going to save the Second Amendment which is under siege and appoint justices to the United States Supreme Court who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States.

Donald Trump: It's time to cut our ties with the failed politicians of the past. Hillary Clinton is a candidate of yesterday. We are the movement [Technical difficulty]

Donald Trump: is taking place all over the country no matter where we go whether it's a hanger, whether it's Hershey Pennsylvania where the most incredible crowd you've ever seen. I mean, just every day, every night, the crowds are incredible. We're fighting for every parent who lost their child to drugs and crime and gang violence.

Donald Trump: We're fighting for every community whose jobs and dreams have been ripped out and shipped to other countries. We're fighting for every American who believes government should serve the people not the donors and not the special interests. I'm asking you. To dream big because with your vote we are just three days away from the change you've been waiting for for your entire life.

Donald Trump: So I want to thank all of the people who supported me. I want to thank my [Technical difficulty] But we are going to all get together. We're going to those polls. Together we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you. Thank you very much. Fantastic people. God bless you, everybody.