Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-tampa-fl-october-24-2016

Donald Trump: Thank you everybody. So we have almost 20,000 people -- broke the record, and we have more people pouring in. [Applause]

Donald Trump: There's 7,000 people outside. We're trying to get them in. Should we wait for them to get in? I agree.

Donald Trump: I want to thank you. This is amazing. These crowds are amazing no matter where we go. We're going to make America great again. No matter where we go, these crowds are incredible. And it's great to be back here in Tampa and to be back in my second home, Florida. I love my second home. I love Florida. [Applause]

Donald Trump: In case you haven't heard, the new poll from Investor's Business Daily, the most accurate poll for the last three presidential elections by far, has us up two points nationwide. We're leading. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Number one.

Donald Trump: Early voting in Florida begins today through the fifth, so make sure you get out and vote or this whole thing, you know, the movement that they're all talking about all over the world. It won't be the same, folks. We're not going to be able to do what we wanted to do.

Donald Trump: Get your friends, your family, your co-workers out to vote so you can go vote today. You can go vote tomorrow, but get out to vote. Don't wait until the end. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Get out to vote.

Donald Trump: You know, this is a movement like they have never seen in our country before, never seen. The great pundits and, frankly, some of them aren't so great, but there has never been a political phenomena like what we're doing right now and we're all part of it. And we have to finish it off, so get out and vote.

Donald Trump: Seventy-five percent of the American people think our country is on the wrong track according to all of the latest polls, and we're are going to fix it. [Applause]

Donald Trump: I love those pink signs, Women for Trump." I love those signs. [Applause]"" love those pink signs

Donald Trump: We are going to put our country back on the right track, and we're going to do it quickly. Together, we are going to deliver real change that puts America first, something we haven't been for a long time. They don't put us first anymore. They put other countries first. They take our jobs. They take our companies. We're going to stop that very, very quickly. [Applause]

Donald Trump: The plan includes -- and it's so important, we are going to transform the tax system of our country, which is a mess. [Applause]

Donald Trump: We are going to stop all of the silliness, all of the games, all of the dishonesty. We are going to have smart trade policies, policies where we don't lose our job, smart energy policies to create 25 million new jobs in the next 10 years. We desperately need it, and it's going to happen. [Applause]

Donald Trump: My plan also includes repealing and replacing Obamacare. [Applause]

Donald Trump: A disaster. And in case you haven't heard today's news, it's just been announced that Americans are going to experience yet another double-digit spike in your premium for Obamacare and it doesn't work. [Booing]

Donald Trump: In some areas, they are paying 60, 70 and 80 percent more than they were paying last year. It's over for Obamacare. And Hillary Clinton wants to double-down and make it more expensive, and it's not going to work. I called it when it first came out, it's only getting worse. And not only for you, for the country because our country can't afford it, you can't afford it, we're going to have great health care at a fraction of the course, and you watch. It will happen.

Donald Trump: On top of that, over two-thirds of the counties are losing insurers. And if you look at it, all over, they're losing the insurers. And one in five Americans trapped on Obamacare will only have a single insurer to choose from and, boy, are those insurers going to have a good time with you. It's ridiculous.

Donald Trump: Even Bill Clinton admitted that Obamacare, he said, is the craziest thing in the world where people wind up with their premiums doubled and their coverage cut in half. And he had a rough night when he went home that night

Donald Trump: It's one of the most important reasons why we have to win on November 8th -- repeal and replace Obamacare. [Applause]

Donald Trump: After what, we can't go on like this. You can't -- in so many ways, but you can't go on like that with respect to affordable -- you know, they call it affordable health care."""fter what

Donald Trump: The Democratic governor, by the way, of Minnesota said, Affordable health care is no longer affordable." Which is it?""he Democratic governor

Donald Trump: Change has to come from outside, a corrupt and broken system. It is corrupt and it is broken. The fact that the Washington establishment has tried so hard to stop our campaign is only more proof that our campaign represents the kind of change that only arrives once in a lifetime. This is once in a lifetime. This is our last chance. In four years, it's not going to happen. It's not going to happen. You got to get out and vote. This is our last chance. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Not going to happen. This is it.

Donald Trump: I am asking the American people to rise above the noise and the clutter and to embrace the faith and optimism that is crucial and the most crucial ingredient of the American character.

Donald Trump: I'm asking you to dream big once again. Remember, we used to dream big in this country. And imagine all of the amazing things we can do for our country.

Donald Trump: Real change begins with fixing our rigged and broken system. [Applause]

Donald Trump: This is a big crowd of people. [Applause]

Donald Trump: This is something.

Donald Trump: So let's try it. You're ready? These people are among the most dishonest people in the world -- the media. They are the worst. [Applause]

Donald Trump: They're trying to fix the election for crooked Hillary. Let them turn their cameras to see the crowd. Let them turn the cameras. [Applause]

Donald Trump: They never do it. They never do it. They don't want to show the crowd. They don't want to show the crowd. They don't want to show what's happening. They don't want to show the movement. They don't want to show the crowd. It's so sad.

Donald Trump: Look at that. They don't move those cameras.

Donald Trump: I'll go home my wife will say, It sounded like a lot of people

Donald Trump: Now, if we had one of those paid-for protesters that you read about last week -- you read last week, $1,500 to people to act violent at our rallies. And they got caught. Then they'd show the crowd.

Donald Trump: And the system is rigged. The best evidence that the system is rigged is the fact that Hillary Clinton, despite her many crimes, was even allowed to run for President in the first place. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Hillary bleached and deleted 33,000 e-mails. And by the way, sophisticated people, people that really know the Internet and this sup said, They had never even heard of bleaching because it's such an expensive process. But she bleached and deleted 33

Donald Trump: And she runs for president, right?

Donald Trump: Yesterday, there are shocking new revelations about how the Clinton campaign has corrupted our government. It was just learned a little while ago that one of the closest people to Hillary Clinton with long-standing ties to her and her husband gave more than $675,000 to the campaign of the spouse of a top FBI official -- his wife... [Booing]

Donald Trump: ... who helped oversee the investigation into Mrs. Clinton's illegal e-mail server. [Booing]

Donald Trump: So listen to this, so listen to this. The FBI is investigating Clinton or as I would call her Crooked Hillary." [Applause]""o listen to this

Donald Trump: So they were investigating. And virtually, her best friend and absolutely closest ally gives $675,000 in campaign contributions to the woman who's married to the FBI person who's doing the investigation. No wonder they found nothing wrong. [Booing]

Donald Trump: How does that look? How does that look? So dishonest.

Donald Trump: This represented a large portion of the money the FBI officials spouse had for the purpose of campaigning. This was a tremendous amount of the money -- big proportion.

Donald Trump: We have to investigate the investigation, folks. Our system is rigged. Our system is rigged. She never had a chance of being convicted even though everybody in this audience and boy, do we have a lot of people.

Donald Trump: Everybody here... [Applause]

Donald Trump: ... knows that she's 100 percent guilty. Horrible.

Donald Trump: In more breaking news, a former State Department aide to Hillary Clinton just pleaded -- just now -- just pleaded the fifth more than 90 times in a sworn deposition despite being given immunity by the Obama Justice Department. [Booing]

Donald Trump: Do you know how many people have been given immunity -- meaning they're not going to be prosecuted -- do you know how many people? Tell me, five plus one, probably keeps going. No, this is our country, in terms of justice, has never reached a lower point than what we're witnessing today. [Booing]

Donald Trump: The same aide had previously told the Benghazi Committee that he had no knowledge of the server's existence, no knowledge, but he did. But we now learn that this aide not only knew about Hillary's illegal server, but ordered his employees not to discuss its existence.

Donald Trump: WikiLeaks also shows how John Podesta, a man who speaks badly of Hillary and everybody else. He's a nasty guy. I don't know him, but boy, he speaks -- but he said she has bad instincts, but Bernie said she has bad judgment. So what do you want to put somebody in office who their top people that do invest. They say bad judgment, bad instincts. We're going to make her our president. I don't think so, I don't think so. [Booing]

Donald Trump: John Podesta rigged the polls by oversampling. He said, Do this

Donald Trump: Podesta is also linked to a major Kremlin-backed firm in Russia. You know the way every time Russia is brought up, they say, Oh

Donald Trump: And now they're linked. They always like to say -- and by the way, how would you like to be, she always likes to tie me in with Russia. I have nothing to do with Russia, folks, OK?

Donald Trump: I'll give you a [Inaudible] statement, Nothing can do

Donald Trump: Folks, we're run by people that are not smart people or to put in a -- to put it in a different way, to put it a different way, we are run by stupid people, stupid people. [Applause]

Donald Trump: And remember that Hillary Clinton gave Russia 20 percent of American uranium and, you know, she was paid a fortune. You know, they got a tremendous amount of money. But the corrupted media never talks about these things. They never talk about it.

Donald Trump: The media also doesn't talk about Hillary's reckless plans for starting a shooting war in Syria that would involve a nuclear on Russia. She just has bad judgment, she does bad judgment. If you look at her plans for Syria, these are the plans of a child. These are the plans of a person that doesn't know what she is doing, but look at what she's done in Iraq. Look at what she's done anywhere.

Donald Trump: Look at what she's done in Libya. The level of corruption is so great Hillary Clinton even got to debate questions in advanced from Donna Brazile. She got the debate questions in advance. [Booing]

Donald Trump: Think of it. Can you hear this? Hillary Clinton got the debate questions in advance from Donna Brazile. [Booing]

Donald Trump: And she knew it was wrong, but never said anything to anyone, but used the questions anyway. She's crooked Hillary, folks.

Donald Trump: She knew it was wrong. Donna Brazile is now under pressure, but she knew it was wrong and she should be more guilty than Donna Brazile. She took the questions, knew it was wrong, went out to the debate, had the answers -- I mean, how corrupt are we going to get. But the media isn't just against me, they're against all of you. That's what it is.

Donald Trump: Like Hillary Clinton, they look down on hardworking people within our country. The media is entitled, condescending and even contemptuous of people who don't share certain elitist views. While the media and politicians celebrate in Washington, D.C., our inner cities crumble, innocent children are shot in the street and working families, who just want a raise, can't get a job or get a break.

Donald Trump: Hillary raises hundreds of dollars from Wall Street, from foreign governments and from special interest. All the while, the people she pretends to care about struggle and suffer. She hasn't done anything for anybody but herself, believe me. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Just look at what Clinton and her party have done to the inner cities and to the African-American and Hispanic communities. They failed them. They betrayed them, and they have abused them. She has abused the African-American community. She has abused the Hispanic community. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Terrible. They want the vote. They get the vote. They do nothing and they say, See you in four years

Donald Trump: They delivered only more crime -- poverty and joblessness. Murders just experienced their largest single year increased in the United States in the last 45 years, more murders than we've had in 45 years. We're going to turn it all around. We're going to fight for rural America, urban America, suburban America... [Applause]

Donald Trump: ... because we are all one America.

Donald Trump: The forgotten men and women won't be forgotten anymore -- forgotten men and women. I see you, I hear you and I will never ever let you down. I promise we will never let you down. [Applause]

Donald Trump: I will be your voice, and I will fight harder than anybody has ever fought for you before, and I will win because I know how to win. [Applause]

Donald Trump: I have proposed a contract with the American voter that will give the government back to the people where it belongs. My contract with the American voter begins with a plan to end the rampant government corruption and you put special interest and donors out of business as we know it today. [Applause]

Donald Trump: And by the way, who knew the other side of the picture better than me. I knew it. And I saw that our country was going so bad, so fast. This isn't easy to do, folks. This is a lot of work. This is hard.

Donald Trump: I built a great, great company, some of the great assets in the world, and here I am, but I have to tell you our movement is being talked about all over the world because it's a movement of common sense and it's a movement of making America great again. Remember that. [Applause]

Donald Trump: I want everyone in Washington to hear and to hear the words I've said and that I'm about to say. If we win on November 8th, we are going to Washington, D.C., and we are going to drain the swamp. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Under my contract with the American voter, on my first day in office, my administration will immediately pursue the following reforms to stop government corruption of which there is a lot. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Term limits on all members of Congress... [Applause]

Donald Trump: ... a hiring freeze on non-essential federal employees, but not the military. The military, we are going to make bigger, stronger. We need a strong military. [Applause]

Donald Trump: For every new federal regulation -- regulations are putting our businesses out of business. Two old federal regulations will be eliminated. For every new one, they have to get rid of two.

Donald Trump: A five-year ban on lobbying by executive branch and congressional officials. They're not going to be too happy.

Donald Trump: A lifetime ban on government officials lobbying for a foreign government.

Donald Trump: A complete ban on foreign lobbyists raising money for American elections. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Under my contract, I'm also going to take the following actions on day one to protect the American worker. That's why I did this in the first place. I saw what was happening. We're losing our jobs like a bunch of babies.

Donald Trump: We're going to renegotiate NAFTA or leave the deal. We'll withdraw and we will make a brand new far superior deal. It's a two- way street. We're losing our jobs. We're losing our country. It's got to be a two-way street. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Moving to Mexico, they're moving everywhere -- everywhere but here.

Donald Trump: We're going to withdraw from the Trans-Pacific Partnership -- a disaster, a disaster. [Applause]

Donald Trump: We're going to [Inaudible] China -- I have great relationship with China -- but we can be China. We can win. We have the cards. Our people don't know that. We are going to label China a currency manipulator, which is what they are doing. They are taking our business. They're taking our jobs. They are making our product and so are plenty of others.

Donald Trump: And I have no problem with China. I have no problem with their leaders doing what they are doing. What I have a problem with is our leaders allowing them to get away with this stuff. I have a real problem. They're taking our jobs.

Donald Trump: We're going to enforce all violations of trade rules that hurt United States workers of which there are many. Lift the restrictions on the production of American energy.

Donald Trump: We're going to approve energy infrastructure projects like the Keystone pipeline and many more. [Applause]

Donald Trump: We're going to cancel billions and billions of dollars in payments to the United Nations climate change programs and use the money to fix America's environmental infrastructure including the Florida aquifer. [Applause]

Donald Trump: We're going to fix our own environmental infrastructure, spending billions and billions of dollars, making it impossible for our companies to compete.

Donald Trump: Additionally on the first day, I will take the following actions to restore the rule of law and order. [Applause]

Donald Trump: I will cancel every illegal Obama executive order. [Applause]

Donald Trump: We will appoint great justices to the United States Supreme Court. [Applause]

Donald Trump: We'll cancel all federal funding to sanctuary cities. [Applause]

Donald Trump: We will begin removing all criminal and legal immigrants from our country. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Do you know when Hillary Clinton was secretary of state, they would catch a murderer, drug lords, gang members, violent criminals? And they bring them back to the country where they came from.

Donald Trump: Hillary Clinton was told that their country won't take them, so she said, Oh

Donald Trump: I can guarantee you one thing, whether it's four years or eight years, never once will that happen to the United States when we bring them back, they're back. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Now when you hear about the highest murder rate in 45 years, there's a lot of reasons for it, but that's one of them.

Donald Trump: We're going to suspend immigration from regions comprised -- think of this, think of this, hard to believe by Islamic terrorism, including the suspension of the Syrian refugee program. [Applause]

Donald Trump: We're allowing thousands of people. We don't know who they are, where they're from. We know nothing about them. Thousands and thousands are pouring into our country. And crooked Hillary Clinton wants to allow a 550 percent increase.

Donald Trump: We have enough problems. We'll be the great Trojan horse, the great Trojan horse.

Donald Trump: Next I will work with Congress to introduce these 10 legislative measures and fight for their passage within the first 100 days of my administration. They include repealing and replacing Obamacare... [Applause]

Donald Trump: ... a tax cut for all middle-class families, a big one. And by the way, Hillary Clinton is going to raise your taxes substantially. You take a look.

Donald Trump: Tariffs on companies that outsource American jobs, the companies leave. They fire their employees. We'll not going to let it happen any longer. They call it the greatest jobs theft in the history of the world, greatest job theft. Think of it.

Donald Trump: Legislation to provide school choice, which the labor unions, the unions that want to allow, and we're going to end common core and bring our education locally. [Applause]

Donald Trump: I'm going to authorize $1 trillion in new public-private infrastructure. That is going to be so important. Projects that will be funded include repairing the Herbert Hoover Dike in Lake Okeechobee, which is affecting everybody in Florida, which has been years and years. When you look at our bridges, you look at our tunnels, you look at our roads and highways, you look at our hospitals and schools, we're in bad shape.

Donald Trump: You know, our national debt has doubled -- doubled since Obama became president, so it's -- we've -- it's gone up, $10 trillion, so we're now going to be $20 trillion. And a bad factor, we haven't done anything. Our roads are bad, our schools are bad, our highways, our tunnels, our bridges -- our bridges are fully down. You see those reports, they are dangerous, many of them. So we're going to get our infrastructure taken care of. It's going to be in jobs, but we have to do it for our country.

Donald Trump: Legislation to immediately begin the wall and impose tough penalties. [Applause]

Donald Trump: I'm going to build a wall. We're going to build a wall. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Hundred percent.

Donald Trump: Who is going to pay for the wall?

Audience: Mexico, Mexico.

Donald Trump: One hundred percent. They don't know it yet, but they're paying for that.

Donald Trump: Thousands of Americans have been killed by illegal immigrants including Americans like Josh Wilkerson, whose mother I've gotten to know very well through the Remembrance Project, which is amazing -- amazing people.

Donald Trump: Josh, a student in a high school, wonderful student, loved by everybody, was tortured, strangled and beaten to death by an illegal immigrant and then his body was set on fire. This was somebody that shouldn't have been in the country. They had chances to get them out of the country, but they never acted.

Donald Trump: I have also met Julie Golvach whose son Spender was shot on the head by an illegal immigrant. Spencer had just dropped his girlfriend off, was driving innocently home and was brutally murdered by somebody that should have never ever been in our country. This crime wave ends when I become president of the United States, I guarantee you, I guarantee you. [Applause]

Donald Trump: We are going to protect our country and we are going to protect our children. I'm going to create tax-free child care savings accounts, which is going to be amazing.

Donald Trump: Increase funding for local police... [Applause]

Donald Trump: ... for our military and for our own good. We are going to eliminate the Obama-Clinton defense sequester. We don't put the money into our military anymore at a time when we needed as bad as ever before.

Donald Trump: The rebuilding of our military will include major new assets across the state of Florida, including new Navy and Coast Guard ships to patrol the seas, new advanced manufacturing on Florida space coast and new aircraft that will fly from MacDill Air Force Base and Naval Air Station Pensacola. We know that. [Applause]

Donald Trump: We're going to set high standards for ethics reforms to end government corruption of which we are planning.

Donald Trump: With the victory in November, everything will change. Just think about what we can accomplish in its 100-day period. We will accomplish so much for our country that we all love. [Applause]

Donald Trump: We are going to have the biggest tax cuts since Ronald Reagan, eliminate every unnecessary job-killing regulation, support the men and women of law enforcement. [Applause]

Donald Trump: We're going to save the Second Amendment, which is totally under siege at a point justices to the United States Supreme Court who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States. [Applause]

Donald Trump: I will end the wasteful government spending and hold the bureaucrats accountable. I will faithfully execute the sacred office of commander-in-chief and create a new foreign policy that always, always, always will put our country first, America first. [Applause]

Donald Trump: When I am president, China, big environment will no longer threaten to wash away our dreams, our jobs and our freedoms. We must be united so that we can save this country, the country that we love and have a rebirth of American liberty and prosperity. We need a rebirth.

Donald Trump: We are headed so wrong, folks. This is why I'm doing this.

Donald Trump: I'm going to fight for every last citizen in this nation. I'm going to fight to bring us all together as Americans. Just imagine what our country could accomplish if we started working together as one people under one God saluting one American flag. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Go out and vote. Vote tomorrow, vote the next day, but definitely vote. And if you haven't voted by November 8th, no matter how you feel, no matter how you bad things are, get up and vote. We have to vote.

Donald Trump: And if we win, together, we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again.

Donald Trump: God bless you, God bless you, Tampa. God bless you. [Applause]