Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-st.-augustine-fl-october-24-2016

Donald Trump: Thank you, everybody. Thank you. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Look up there. It's Honest Abe Lincoln. Look at that. Wow. That's Honest Abe.

Donald Trump: Great to see you, Abe.

Donald Trump: Boy oh boy, what a crowd.

Donald Trump: We have... [Applause]

Donald Trump: We have people over there standing in plants. They're in plants.

Donald Trump: I hope you're comfortable. [Applause]

Donald Trump: It's great to be here in St. Augustine. What a great place. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Great to be back in Florida. I love Florida. This is my second home. I'm here all the time.

Donald Trump: And just in case you haven't heard, we're winning -- not only Florida but we're gonna win the whole thing. [Applause]

Donald Trump: The new poll that just came out from Investor's Business Daily, which was the most accurate poll from the last three presidential elections, has us up 2 points nationwide. [Applause]

Donald Trump: What we have is we have a movement like they've never seen before. We have some very, very unhappy people out there. I'll tell you, when they hear this they are not happy.

Donald Trump: But we're gonna take our nation back, remember it. We're gonna bring it back.[Applause]

Donald Trump: It's enough. [Applause]

Donald Trump: It's enough.

Donald Trump: You heard where they have two more hostages in Iran and they're asking for billions of dollars. It's enough.

Donald Trump: Early voting in Florida begins today, through the 5th. So make sure you get out and vote. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Locations include City Hall and the Supervisor of Elections Office. You gotta get out there.

Donald Trump: Who's voted already? [Applause]

Donald Trump: That's not bad. Well, you can do it early, because if you're not feeling well on the 8th of November, we don't wanna take a chance. But if you're not feeling well, get up and vote. Who cares, right? [Applause]

Donald Trump: Seventy-five percent of the American people, based on all polls, think our country is headed on the wrong track. And we're going to fix it. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Common sense. Our country is going to be put back on the right track and very, very quickly. And you're gonna be very proud of your country again. You're gonna be happy. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Together, we're going to fix our rigged system and deliver real change that once again puts America first. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Change has to come from the outside or we're never really going to understand it. And I will tell you, I've been on the inside. And the day I announced, June 16th of last year, I became a person on the outside.

Donald Trump: But we have to fix our country. We have to fix our country.

Donald Trump: The fact that the Washington establishment has tried so hard to stop our campaign, is only more proof that our campaign represents the kind of change that only arrives once in a lifetime. And it's true. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Again, there has never been a movement like this in the history of our country. And even those pundits that dislike me and dislike you and dislike everybody, they will admit, and they do admit, they have never seen anything like this before.

Donald Trump: And wait'll you see the results start to come in. The results are already starting: We're way ahead in Ohio, we're way ahead in Iowa, we're going great in North Carolina. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Because people of this country are fed up with stupidity and weakness, and we can't beat ISIS, and all of the problems that we've got going. They're fed up. [Applause]

Donald Trump: And you know what else? They're fed up with losing their jobs to other countries all the time.

Donald Trump: The best evidence that our system is rigged is the fact that Hillary Clinton, despite her many crimes, was even allowed to run for president in the first place. [Applause]

Donald Trump: True. [Applause]

Audience: Lock her up! Lock her up! Lock her up!

Donald Trump: Hillary bleached and deleted 33,000 e-mails, lied to Congress under oath, made 13 telephones disappear, some with a hammer, and then told the FBI she couldn't remember 39 different times. [Booing]

Donald Trump: That the leadership of the FBI and the Department of Justice let Clinton off the hook for her crimes against our nation is one of the saddest moments in the history of our country. [Applause]

Donald Trump: And we have to investigate the investigation, folks.[Applause]

Donald Trump: Just today, there are shocking new revelations -- which you've seen -- front page of the Wall Street Journal, about how the Clinton campaign has corrupted our government. It was just learned that one of the closest people to Hillary Clinton, with long-standing ties to her husband and herself, gave more -- this just came out -- gave more than $675,000 to the campaign of the spouse, the wife of the top FBI official who helped oversee the investigation into Mrs. Clinton's illegal email server. [Booing]

Donald Trump: So the man that was investigating her from the FBI, his wife runs for office and they give her more than $675,000 to run. And it just came out. They just figured it out. [Booing]

Donald Trump: We've never had a thing like this in the history of this country. This represented a large portion of the money the FBI official's spouse had for the entire campaign. A big, big percentage. It's absolutely disgraceful, it's absolutely terrible. And it's unbelievable how Hillary Clinton got away with the email lie, the email scam, the email corruption, but now at least we have a pretty good idea.

Donald Trump: And General Cartwright, a four -- think of this -- a four-star general, highly respected, just at the end of last week struck a deal. He lied one time to the FBI and he said he did that for national security reasons -- highly respected man, four-star. We're talking about a four-star general and he's going to go to jail perhaps for as much as five years. And that's a tiny fraction of what Hillary Clinton did.

Donald Trump: So the fact that she is even allowed to run means our system is rigged. She never had a chance of being convicted. Hillary knew this money was being paid and she has to be held accountable for this. Yet another crime, one of so many. And she has to be held accountable because she knew that money, $675,000 plus, was being paid. So how is she allowed to continue to run for president? How is she allowed? [Booing]

Donald Trump: She gets a subpoena from the United States Congress asking for her emails and other records and she bleaches them and deletes them. Now, bleaching nobody ever heard of. People -- sophisticated people in that world -- and the reason it's so expensive to do it. So not only did they delete them, they bleached them. And now, two weeks ago, they find out that two boxes of emails are missing. And you don't read about that in the New York Times and you don't read about that in the other newspapers because the system is corrupt, the system is broken.[Applause]

Donald Trump: The system is corrupt, folks, and I've been saying it's rigged. I've been saying it for a long time. The system is rigged. WikiLeaks also shows how John Podesta rigged the polls by oversampling Democrats, a voter-suppression technique. And that's happening to me all the time. When the polls are even, when they leave them alone and do them properly, I'm leading. But you see these polls where they're polling Democrats, how's Trump doing? Oh, he's down. They're polling Democrats.

Donald Trump: The system is corrupt and it's rigged and it's broken and we're going to change it. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Thank you. In an e-mail, Podesta says that he wants oversamples for our polling in order to maximize what we get out of our media polling. It's called voter suppression because people will say oh, gee Trump's out. Well, folks we're winning, we're winning, we're winning. [Applause]

Donald Trump: These thieves and crooks, the media -- not all of it, not all of it, but much of it. [Booing]

Donald Trump: They're the most crooked -- they're almost as crooked as Hillary. They may even be more crooked than Hillary because without the media, she would be nothing. Without the media, Hillary Clinton would be nothing. They're disgraceful. Just remember that, just remember that. Without the dishonesty and deceit of the media, Hillary Clinton would be nothing, nothing.

Donald Trump: Here's how all of this affects you. When the people who control the political power in our society can rig investigations like her investigation was rigged, can rig polls -- you see these phony polls -- and rig the media, they can wield absolute power over your life, your economy and your country and benefit big time by it. [Booing]

Donald Trump: They control what you hear and what you don't hear, what is covered, how it's covered, even if it's covered at all. Sometimes, I'll have like these great events and it won't be covered. If there's a little glitch, it's front page news all over the world. They can ship your jobs all over the world, let drugs pour into your -- look at the drugs that are pouring into this area, but all over -- let drugs pour into your community and let Congress write loopholes to benefit a select few. [Booing]

Donald Trump: And then you always hear Hillary, she's gonna fight ISIS. Well, she's been there for a long time. She and Obama threw their incompetence and this guy, all he does is campaign. He ought to go back and trying to get some jobs for our country. All he does is campaign. [Applause]

Donald Trump: We have an incompetent president. We have a president that doesn't know what he's doing. And again, take a look at Mosul. They announced four months ago, three months ago, we're going into Mosul. We're gonna get the leaders of ISIS because they're living in Mosul. Guess what? Twelve minutes later, the leaders -- they left. They're not stupid, they left. Whatever happened, remember the great general who was called the element of surprise, the element of surprise. [Applause]

Donald Trump: So now, we're bogged out in Mosul. The enemy is much tougher than they thought. They've had a lot of time to get ready. They're using human shields all over the place. It's a horrible, horrible situation that's going on.

Donald Trump: Why did we have to tell them we're going in? Why didn't we go in and then tell the public a week later, congratulations we just got the leadership. We didn't lose many people. I'm telling you, folks. Our leadership -- I went to an Ivy League school. But there's some words that you can't describe any better. Our leadership is stupid, these are stupid people.[Applause]

Donald Trump: So bad. These are stupid, stupid people and they're leading us right down the tubes. The corrupt system can also force brave National Guardsmen from California to return the bonuses they were promised, something that would never happen under a Trump administration. How about that one? These people, We want your money back that we gave you years ago."""o bad. These are stupid

Donald Trump: This can only happen with these incompetent people we have running and people with no common sense. They're incompetent, but they have no common sense. They have no common sense. While the media and politicians celebrate in Washington D.C., our inner cities crumble, innocent children are shot in the street and working families who just want a raise can't get a break. The media isn't just against me, they're against all of you.

Donald Trump: That's really what they're against. They're not against me, they're against what we represent. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Like Hillary Clinton, they look down on the hardworking people of the country. That's what's happened. The media is entitled, condescending and even contemptuous of the people who don't share their elitist views. And this is all for money. This is for money, largely, money and power. I see you and I hear you. I am your voice. Remember... [Applause]

Donald Trump: Remember, I was on the other side of this equation for a long time. It was very comfortable, it was a very good side, but then I decided that -- you know, I'll tell you the bottom line. I love our country and we were going bad. We were going bad. [Applause]

Donald Trump: I will never let you be the forgotten people again. We're the forgotten people. I will never let you down, I promise. I will never, ever let you down. [Applause]

Donald Trump: When we win, your voice will boom through the halls of Washington and will be heard all across the world. This is bigger than Brexit what's going on. This is bigger than Brexit. [Applause]

Donald Trump: And folks, get out and vote. Leave here and vote. Leave here and vote or we have wasted a hell of a lot of time, energy, and in my case, a lot of money. I'm not a politician and I never wanted to be a politician, believe me. I ran because this country has been good to me, I love America, I could not stand by and watch what was happening to our great country. I didn't want to do it. [Applause]

Donald Trump: My only special interest is you, the American people, and we're going to solve the riddle of what's going on in Washington. It's time to clean up our nation's capital. That's why I proposed a contract with the American voter. It's a set of promises for what I'll do in my first 100 days. It includes getting rid of immediately Obamacare, which is a disaster. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Even Bill Clinton admitted Obamacare is the craziest thing in the world. Quote, craziest thing in the world" where people wind up with their premiums doubled and their coverage cut in half. Now

Donald Trump: But you know what else? It's not working. It's no good. It's terrible healthcare and you know your numbers are so crazy, you really can't use it. Your deductibles are so high you'll never get to use it. It's just one more reason why we have to win on November 8th. [Applause]

Donald Trump: My contract with the American voter begins with a plan to end the rampant government corruption and put the special interests out of business. We're going to do it.[Applause]

Donald Trump: I understand it. I understand it very well. I want everyone in Washington to hear and to heed the words that we all say together. If we win on November 8th, we are going to drain the swamp in Washington, D.C. We're draining the swamp. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Under my contract on my first day in office, my administration will immediately pursue the following six measures to make our government honest once again.

Donald Trump: First, a constitutional amendment to impose term limits on all members of Congress. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Second, a hiring freeze on all non-essential federal employees. And that does not include the military, believe me. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Third, a requirement that for every new federal regulation, two existing regulations must be eliminated. Regulations are putting us out of business. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Fourth, a five-year ban on White House and congressional officials becoming lobbyists after they leave government service. They're making a fortune. They control government. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Fifth, a lifetime ban on White House officials lobbying on behalf of a foreign government. How simple? [Applause]

Donald Trump: And sixth, a complete ban on foreign lobbyists raising money for American elections. [Applause]

Donald Trump: On the same day, I will begin taking the following seven actions to protect our American workers. Our jobs are being stolen. The single greatest jobs theft in the history of the world. That's what's happened to our country because of our politicians. And in some cases it is not just lack of intelligence, it's not just stupidity. In some cases, it's because they're getting so much money from donors and special interests that they want to do it. They don't care about our country.

Audience: I love you!

Donald Trump: First, I will announce -- I love you, too. [Applause]

Donald Trump: My intention to re-negotiate NAFTA. [Applause]

Donald Trump: The worst economic trade deal ever signed in the history of the world also, or withdraw from the deal and we'll start something that's going to be much, much better.

Donald Trump: Second, I will announce our withdrawal from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a disaster, a disaster. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Third, I will direct my secretary of the Treasury to label China a currency manipulator. They are. They know it. [Applause]

Donald Trump: I have a great relationship with China. I've made a lot of money with China. But you know what? They know. They told me. That's how they do it. It's the single greatest tool they have, currency manipulation, and they're grand masters. They do a great job. I congratulate them. I'm not angry at China. I'm angry at our country for allowing them to do it. OK? I am not angry at China. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Fourth, I will direct the secretary of commerce and U.S. trade representative to use every tool under American and international law to end foreign trade abuses that hurt the American worker, of which there are many things. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Fifth, I will lift the restrictions on the production of shale, oil, natural gas and clean oil. [Applause]

Donald Trump: We -- we will also put our miners back to work and we will develop clean coal. Our miners have been treated badly. Clean coal. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Six, approve vital energy infrastructure projects like the Keystone Pipeline. A lot of jobs, a lot of good things. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Seven, cancel billions in payments to U.N. climate change programs. Now, think of this... [Applause]

Donald Trump: We paid billions and use the money to fix America's water and environmental infrastructure, not throw it out the window.[Applause]

Donald Trump: Additionally, on the first day, I will take the following five actions to restore security and the constitutional rule of law. And I just met with your great sheriffs and your great law enforcement people and your firefighters. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Your first responders, these are great people. [Applause]

Donald Trump: These are great people. First, cancel every unconstitutional executive action or executive order, memorandum issued by President Obama. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Where are he and Michelle campaigning today? Where are they? Wouldn't you rather see them like in that White House figuring out how to knock the hell out of ISIS? Wouldn't you rather have them in the White House like working hard so that Mexico stops stealing our companies and therefore our jobs? [Applause]

Donald Trump: Wouldn't it be great -- wouldn't it be great if they could come up with a great healthcare program instead of one where your numbers are 70, 80, even 90 percent more than they were just recently? You know, you have increases in Obamacare that are going through the roof, it's out of control.

Donald Trump: By the way, just so you understand, it's a dead program. It's unaffordable. Hillary wants to throw more money at it to keep it going, it's a dead program and it's putting our businesses out. I'd love to see him in the White House working instead of campaigning for crooked Hillary Clinton, I'll be honest. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Remember what he said? Donald Trump will never win the Republican primary, he will never do that. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Sorry, sorry. [Applause]

Donald Trump: He will never win. [Applause]

Donald Trump: The Republicans will never do that. Well, they did it. Sorry. And what happened? We got the most votes in the history of the Republican primary system; over 14 million votes. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Forty-two states.

Donald Trump: Second, begin the process of selecting a replacement for Justice Scalia, great man, from one of the 20 judges on my list, who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Third, cancel all federal funding to sanctuary cities. [Applause]

Donald Trump: How bad is that? [Applause]

Donald Trump: Fourth, begin swiftly to remove all criminal aliens from our country.[Applause]

Donald Trump: So we have many illegal immigrants in our country who are criminals, convicted criminals, murderers, drug lords, gang members. And what happened during Hillary Clinton's stay during the -- her secretary of State days, people would take them out -- because I tell you what, these border patrol agents and ICE agents, they're great people. They want to do the job but they're told, Stand back."""o we have ma"

Donald Trump: But these were bad. And they'd bring them back to their country, and very intelligently, because they know who they're dealing with, they say, We don't want them." They don't want drug kingpins

Donald Trump: So they turn around, and they say, Madam Secretary

Donald Trump: That will be the next great Trojan horse. You watch. Watch what happens.

Donald Trump: Next, I'll work with Congress to introduce the following legislative measures and fight for their passage within the first 100 days of my administration. We're gonna pass middle-class tax relief and simplification act. [Applause]

Donald Trump: We're giving you massive tax relief for the middle class with two children, as an example, would get a 35 percent tax cut. We have to. The middle class has been forgotten in our nation. [Applause]

Donald Trump: We're gonna end the Offshoring Act. That's what it's called. End the Offshoring Act. Establish tariffs to stop companies from laying off their workers and relocating to other countries, then selling their product back into our country with no tax, no consequence, no retribution. There'll be a 35 percent tax and they'll never leave our country, believe me. [Applause]

Donald Trump: American Infrastructure Act. One trillion dollars in public- private infrastructure investment. Our infrastructure is going to hell. Our roads, our highways, our tunnels, our bridges -- you see the report on the bridges, how unsafe so many bridges -- I'm gonna start swimming across rivers and lakes now. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: I don't want to drive. I mean, tremendous percentages of bridges are, they say, virtually ready to fall, fall down. Our country -- think of it.

Donald Trump: Obama has doubled our national debt to $20 trillion. He's added $10 trillion in just seven and a half years. Now, here's the problem. Here's the problem. It'd be one thing if the country was in tippy-top shape. The roads are beautiful, the highways are beautiful, the tunnels, the schools, the hospitals. Our country's a mess. Our infrastructure's falling apart and we owe $20 trillion.

Donald Trump: It takes this kind of a mind to figure that one out because it's a mess.[Applause]

Donald Trump: This means help for projects like the First Coast Expressway. Do you like the First Coast Expressway? School Choice and Educational Opportunity Act. Gives parents the right to send their kids to the school of their choice. Choice. Choice. Choice. Great. Choice is important. And we're going to end Common Core and bring education local. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Then, we have one that at least a few of you will like. It's called the Repeal and Replace Obamacare Act. [Applause]

Donald Trump: What a disaster. [Applause]

Donald Trump: By the way, I just left the farmers, West Palm Beach farmers, beautiful farmers, great people. And they said that Obamacare is destroying their business, destroying their business. They can't afford it. They don't even know how to account for it. They have to hire consultants just to fill out forms it is so complicated. They're so downed, they're so discouraged.

Donald Trump: And the same thing happened in Iowa. The same thing happened in New Hampshire. Everywhere I go, people are despondent over it.

Donald Trump: Actually, worse than our high taxes, worse than our overregulation, which is killing us also, by the way. It's killing our businesses. Obamacare is a catastrophe that she wants to build bigger and better, but better means more expensive. It's going to get worse. Under Hillary Clinton, it's going to get worse. And don't forget, she's got a lot of people that gave her money that want Obamacare to continue. Just remember that.

Donald Trump: So fully repeal Obamacare and replace it with patient-centered reforms that are totally affordable and much better. So we'll have better healthcare at a much lower price. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Affordable Childcare and Eldercare Act allows Americans to deduct childcare and eldercare from their taxes. It creates tax-free dependent care savings accounts for all American families. And this one, I attribute to Ivanka Trump. Has anyone ever heard of Ivanka? [Applause]

Donald Trump: She feels so strongly about it. And I agree.

Donald Trump: End Illegal Immigration Act. Thousands of Americans have been killed by illegal immigrants, including Americans like Josh Wilkerson, whose mother I've gotten to know during the campaign. An incredible woman who suffers every day. Josh, a student in high school, was tortured, strangled and beaten to death by an illegal immigrant and then his body was set on fire.

Donald Trump: I've also met Julie, and you have to see that -- the family of Josh. It's -- I said, does time make it better? She actually said time, in a certain way, makes it worse. Makes it worse. This was somebody that should've never been in the country, should've been thrown out of the country and nobody acted. And Josh should be alive. [Booing]

Donald Trump: We're going to build the wall, don't worry about it. Don't worry about it. Don't even think about. Don't even think about. Don't even think about it. [Applause]

Donald Trump: I've also met and gotten to really like Julie Goldlock whose son Spencer was shot in the head by the illegal immigrants. Spencer had just dropped his girlfriend off and was driving innocently home. One more life stolen. This person should never have been allowed in our country, should have been removed from our country. They knew he was trouble. He stayed.

Donald Trump: This crime wave ends, believe me, quickly when I am president. Believe me. It ends quickly.[Applause]

Donald Trump: Hillary, on the other hand, is for totally open borders, which would mean the destruction of our country. [Booing]

Donald Trump: That's the end. Once you have open borders, you no longer have a country, folks. I hate to tell you.

Donald Trump: Restoring Community Safety Act empowers federal law enforcement to dismantle criminal gangs and to deport or imprison violent criminal offenders quickly, quickly, quickly. [Applause]

Donald Trump: The Restoring National Security Act eliminates the Obama-Clinton defense sequester which has destroyed our military. Our young people, the greatest in the world, are flying planes that when they need parts, they go to a plane museum or they go to an airplane graveyard because they don't even make the parts anymore. This is what we're -- this is the United States.

Donald Trump: The rebuilding of our military will include major new assets across the state of Florida, including the new Navy and Coast Guard ships to patrol the seas and new aircraft that will fly from MacDill Air Force Base and Naval Air Station Pensacola. We love those people. [Applause]

Donald Trump: I think we're getting all of the military vote. And I know we're getting all of the law enforcement vote. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Get out and vote.

Donald Trump: Clean Up Corruption in Washington Act enacts new ethics -- so important because it is a mess. It is the swamp. Enacts new ethics reforms to end government corruption. But think about that. Think about what was on the front page today of the Wall Street Journal. Just think about it. Think about it. What's happened to our country, how embarrassed the FBI -- some of the greatest people in our country are in the FBI -- how embarrassed these people must be to see what's happened to the FBI. And how dare they take a four-star highly respected general, James Cartwright, and destroy him, but Hillary Clinton is allowed to lie over and over and over again. How dare they. [Booing]

Donald Trump: With a victory in November, everything will change. That change includes standing in solidarity with the suffering people of Cuba and Venezuela against the oppression of the Castro and Maduro regimes. [Applause]

Donald Trump: And we will help our friends in Haiti who've been ripped off by the Clintons for years to recover and rebuild. And by the way, the people of Haiti truly hate the Clintons. You know what's happened there. They hate the Clintons. [Applause]

Donald Trump: For eight long years, here in America, the conservative movement has longed to reverse the illegal and unconstitutional conduct of President Obama. On November 8th, we can wipe away the lawless legacy and create a such an unbelievable American future. But you know what? We don't have another four years. We're gonna either win this or it's over. It'll never change, because the numbers -- the numbers are so stacked against us. They're so stacked against making America great again. They're stacked.

Donald Trump: So I really mean this. I believe it 100 percent. We have to win on November 8th. You have to leave here today and vote. It's better. Leave here today and vote. [Applause]

Donald Trump: We have to win on November eight. Leave here today and vote. Just get it over with. Veterans for trump. Thank you, sir. Thank you. And Trump for Veterans, you're right. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Just think about what we can accomplish in the first 100 days. We're going to have the biggest tax cuts since Ronald Reagan, even bigger. We're going to eliminate every unnecessary job killing regulation, support the men and women of law enforcement. [Applause]

Donald Trump: We are going to save our Second Amendment, which is under siege. [Applause]

Donald Trump: And appoint justices to the United States Supreme Court who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States. [Applause]

Donald Trump: I will promote life, defend religious liberty and select justices in the mold of Justice Scalia [Applause]

Donald Trump: And I was just informed yesterday that Justice Scalia's wife, who I hear is a great lady, has a Trump sign on her front lawn of the house. [Applause]

Donald Trump: I love them. Thank you. I will end the wasteful government spending and hold the bureaucrats totally accountable. I will faithfully execute the sacred office of commander-in-chief and create a new foreign policy that once again puts America first. We haven't been there in a long time. [Applause]

Donald Trump: When I am president, the tide of big government will no longer threaten to wash away our dreams, our liberties, or our freedoms. We must stand united to fulfill America's dreams and destiny. Let us be united so that we can save our country and have a rebirth of American freedom and prosperity. We're going in the wrong direction. [Applause]

Donald Trump: I'm going to fight for every last citizen of this nation and I am going to fight to bring us all together as Americans. Just imagine what our country could accomplish if we started working together as one people, under one God, saluting one American flag. [Applause]

Audience: USA! USA! USA!

Donald Trump: Honest Abe, he knows. Honest Abe knows. I don't know who that guy is, but he looks a hell of a lot like Honest Abe I'll tell you. [Applause]

Donald Trump: If you get out and vote, if we win this election, which we will, I really believe we will, we will make America wealthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America safe again and we will make America great again. God bless you, everybody. Go out and vote. [Applause]