Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-reno-nv-november-5-2016

Donald Trump: Wow! What a great room. On quick notice -- on quick notice, we didn't bring any so-called -- so-called stars" along. We didn't need them. [Applause and Cheering] Wow! What a great room.

Donald Trump: On quick notice -- on quick notice She can't fill a room. We can get stars. We don't need them because we just want to make America great again and we know what to do, right? [Applause and Cheering] We don't need that. That's almost like a form of cheating, right? [Applause and Cheering] That's like when she got the questions from Donna Brazile to the debate, right? [Audience Noise] And she didn't report it.

Donald Trump: She went into the debate. Isn't that amazing, by the way? That took place and not one of the dishonest crooked media mentioned that. Nobody mentions it. [Audience Noise] Nobody mentions it.

Donald Trump: They go after Donna Brazile -- who cares -- but nobody says, Wait a minute In three days, we are going to win... [Applause and Cheering] ...the great state of Nevada... [Applause and Cheering] ...and we are going to win back the White House. [Applause and Cheering] We need you all to go and vote on Tuesday and bring your friends and family to those polls.

Donald Trump: We're going to have a big, big victory. They didn't get the kind of vote that they needed to stop us on Tuesday. You know what that means, right? They didn't get the numbers they were looking for. You're going to have a big, big day.

Donald Trump: Tuesday is our day in the state, so... [Applause and Cheering] ...Tuesday, so you got to get out there. We'll never have this opportunity again, not going to happen again. Reno and Northern Nevada can carry this state and can carry us all the way to Washington and the White House. Applause and Cheering] This will be our last chance, but don't let crazy, broken Harry Reid and his corrupt political machine... [Audience Noise] ...decide this election for you -- crazy Harry. Remember he said four years ago that he found out with surety that Romney didn't pay tax and called him also lots of names, remember? And then it turned out he did pay tax, but the election was over, and they said -- But you lied You know, I was right about that, but that's a political hack. For instance, it's being reported that certain key Democratic polling locations in Clark County were kept open for hours and hours beyond closing time to bus and bring Democratic voters in. Audience Noise] Folks, it's a rigged system, it's a rigged system and we're going to beat it. We're going to beat it. [Applause and Cheering] I've been saying it's a rigged system. Obama who does nothing but campaign for Hillary because she can't campaign for herself, he's out there and he said, Donald Trump is hurting the foundations of our country by talking about rigging the election." Excuse me Phony.

Donald Trump: And it's up to the great people of Washoe County to get it done, get it done. You got to get it done. [Applause and Cheering] You are the people, you're going to get it done. And don't forget, in this state, I've spent hundreds of millions of dollars building things.

Donald Trump: We have great success in this state. I have great, great employees. So I feel I have an awfully big state. I come here all the time.

Donald Trump: I love it. But to do that and to win, you have to get every single person that you know to the polls with you. You have to vote with your heart and I know you're going to do that. You have to vote with your soul to make America great again. Applause and Cheering] Real change means restoring honesty to our government. [Applause and Cheering] Thank you everybody, thank you. Boy, a lot -- a lot of spirit in this room, huh? [Applause and Cheering] A lot of spirit, a lot of spirit. The place is great.

Donald Trump: The people here are great. The people in this state, from day one, first time I came here many, many years ago, the people in this state are amazing, so great. [Applause and Cheering] The state is going to have a very big impact or the outcome of our country -- forget the election -- on the outcome of our country, because if we win on Tuesday, our country is going to start winning again. [Applause and Cheering] We're going to start winning again.

Donald Trump: We don't win anymore. As you know, the FBI has reopened its criminal investigation... [Applause and Cheering] ...into Hillary Clinton, following the discovery of another 650,000 emails, probably including the 33,000 emails that Hillary destroyed after receiving a congressional subpoena. [Audience Noise] They are also... Chanting] Folks, folks, folks, she shouldn't be allowed to run. OK? [Applause and Cheering] And I'm not talking about what happened last Friday, I'm talking about right now. She shouldn't be allowed to run. When you look at General Cartwright, four-star general, for doing almost nothing by comparison, could serve five years in jail.

Donald Trump: That happened two weeks ago. General Petraeus destroyed their lives for doing nothing by comparison. How about the young man took pictures of his submarine? He wanted to have some pictures. The submarine is not like it's a brand new submarine; it's many years old.

Donald Trump: They put them in jail for a year, and she does all of these different things. They're also conducting a second criminal investigation into Hillary's illegal pay-for-play corruption at the State Department. [Audience Noise] There's virtually no doubt that FBI Director Comey and the great, great special agents of the FBI will be able to collect more than enough evidence to garner indictments against Hillary Clinton and her inner circle despite her efforts to disparage them and to discredit them. If she were to win this election, it would create an unprecedented constitutional crisis.

Donald Trump: In that situation, we could very well have a sitting president under felony indictment and ultimately a criminal trial. [Audience Noise] It would grind government to a halt, of course, that's what we have right now under Obama anyway. We need a government that can work and work well from day one for the American people. [Applause and Cheering] That will be impossible with Hillary Clinton, the prime suspect in a massive far-reaching criminal investigation.

Donald Trump: Her current scandals and controversies will continue throughout her presence and will make it virtually impossible for her to govern or lead our country. Now I don't think it's going to matter because she's not going to win, but we'll -- let's... [Applause and Cheering] ...let's go through the scenario. [Chanting] By the way, does anybody speak better about this subject than our legendary mayor Rudy Giuliani? Does anybody? Huh? [Applause and Cheering] He's the greatest. Chanting] Come here. Special guy. New York was crime-infested, filthy, dirty problems all over the place. Rudy came in.

Donald Trump: He straightened it out... [Applause and Cheering] ...straightened it out. Thank you, Rudy, for everything. If she ever got into the Oval Office, Hillary and her special interests would rob our country blind.

Donald Trump: You see what's going on? [Audience Noise] At the heart of this election is one simple question, will our country be governed by the people or by the corrupt political class? [Applause and Cheering] If we win, the corrupt politicians and her special interests will lose. If they win, the American will lose. It's just that simple. The political elites in this country have used their power to enrich themselves at your expense.

Donald Trump: They have run the government for their benefit and they've profited from your pain. You see what's happening. And by the way, folks, you're highly sophisticated. And I always say I have the smartest people, smartest... Applause and Cheering] ...the smartest. And I have the most loyal people... [Applause and Cheering] ...by far, and that's borne out in every poll they take. In fact, they are very worried, you know, with all the polls that are happening.

Donald Trump: We're winning all over the place. We're winning in Iowa. It just came out, we're seven points up. [Applause and Cheering] We're winning in Ohio. Applause and Cheering] We're winning in New Hampshire. [Applause and Cheering] We're winning in North Carolina. [Applause and Cheering] I think we're going to win the great state of Pennsylvania. [Applause and Cheering] Based on turnout, I think we're going to win Florida. Applause and Cheering] And you know where else we're going to win? Right here. [Applause and Cheering] So this is the choice on Tuesday, either we will have a government run by the donors and the special interests who control everything and control crooked Hillary Clinton... [Audience Noise] ...or we will have a government run by you, the American people. That's what we're doing. Applause and Cheering] [Chanting] There has never been a movement like this in the history of the United States. [Applause and Cheering] And you know I couldn't say that if it weren't true because of these very, very dishonest reporters back there in the media. [Audience Noise] They would call us out for that. There's never been a movement like this, never been the crowds which they never show, by the way, they never show.

Donald Trump: This was set-up so recently and look at all the people. There's never been the crowds. There's never been the enthusiasm, and there's never been the loyalty that we have, never been in this country. [Applause and Cheering] And someday they'll start reporting it correctly, but I almost think it doesn't matter because we get it, we get it.

Donald Trump: Total dishonesty. And while they are there, show the cameras, show the crowds, fellas. Go ahead, show the crowd, show the crowd. [Applause and Cheering] Go ahead.

Donald Trump: Show the crowd. Spread those cameras. They never like [Inaudible]. The only time they do it is where there's a protester because that's a negative thing.

Donald Trump: It turned out that the protesters we used to have were bought for $1,500 a piece, and they were told to go in and incite riots. [Audience Noise] And they cover the protesters. But last night, Obama had a protester... [Applause and Cheering] ...and nobody would listen to him.

Donald Trump: He kept saying the same thing over and over -- nasty -- over and over and over. But they never showed the protester with him because that's a negative thing. They just kept it on him, but it was a pretty bad scene. Let me tell you the way he acted.

Donald Trump: If you want a government that will secure your borders, stop the massive inflow of refugees... [Applause and Cheering] ...lower your taxes, bring back your jobs... [Applause and Cheering] ...grow your economy and protect your family always. [Applause and Cheering] Vote for Donald J.

Donald Trump: Trump. [Applause and Cheering] Tuesday, that's going to be a big day. Thank you, everybody. What a crowd. Applause and Cheering] What people, what people. Greatest people in the world. I'll tell you, folks, this country all over, no matter where we go, no matter where we go, we were in Hershey, Pennsylvania, the other night, unbelievable. We did numerous -- all over North Carolina, unbelievable.

Donald Trump: No matter where we go -- Florida, Texas. Remember last week, they were reporting Texas is in play -- Texas. Texas is in play, you know, like that was bad because she was supposed to win Texas easily. I said, I'm surprised Texas is in play because I was there Two weeks [Inaudible], Texas is in play, unfortunately, that turned out to be a lie also, the media. Audience Noise] Maybe they meant -- maybe they meant Texas is in play for Trump, I guess, because... [Applause and Cheering] ...the great state, great state of Texas. So, a man calls up, good guy, [Inaudible] he calls up one of the [Inaudible]. He said, Yeah So, as soon as the media looked at this record-setting vote, they took Texas is in play out of their vocabulary.

Donald Trump: These are really dishonest people. My contract with the American voter begins with a plan to end government corruption and take your country back from the special interests. [Applause and Cheering] And I used to be on the other side until June 16th of last year. I went from being an insider.

Donald Trump: Boy, did I become an outsider fast? [Applause and Cheering] Well, that was the quickest outsider. But you know what, I love this country. I saw what was happening. It was going bad.

Donald Trump: We were really going bad. If you look at the Iran deal, $150 billion, look at a deal where we give these guys the number one terror nation, we give them $1.7 billion in cash -- cash... [Audience Noise] ...for hostages, which was a lie when he said it was [Inaudible]. Remember it was supposed to be $400 million.

Donald Trump: Think of this, $400 million in cash, but that turned out to be wrong. It was $1.7 billion. You know what, $1.7 billion in cash, you could fill up that whole side of this big arena. I want the entire corrupt Washington establishment to hear the words of all of us.

Donald Trump: When we win on November 8th, we are going to drain the swamp. [Audience Noise] [Applause and Cheering] [Chanting] We're going to do it. We're going to bring in the right people. We're going to really turn things around.

Donald Trump: This is ridiculous what's going on. Real change also begins with immediately repealing and replacing Obamacare. [Applause and Cheering] You know I shouldn't tell you this, you've probably seen it, but I always use your state as the example for the premiums going up. You know why? We think you have the highest in the country.

Donald Trump: I don't want to tell you that. I don't want to tell you that. But I always use your state. They're all going up through, but you have the highest.

Donald Trump: You're going to experience a massive double-digit premium hike. The great state, right, the great state that you live in is going up numbers I will not tell you. In Arizona -- I'll give you an example -- they're going up 116 percent. [Audience Noise] Ten of Nevada's 16 counties will have only one Obamacare exchange insurer to choose from next year.

Donald Trump: Good luck with that negotiation. Good luck with that negotiation. Good luck. And your numbers are going to be really high, but I'm not going to depress you, but I know what they are.

Donald Trump: I want you to be happy when you leave, but actually you will because we're going to get rid of Obamacare anyway, so you're not going to have to pay. Don't bother. [Applause and Cheering] We're going to have great health care at much less cost and it's going to be much better. What's going on with Obamacare is -- never had a chance to work.

Donald Trump: And I said it before they even submitted it for a vote, and then Obama started lying that you can keep your plan, you can keep your doctor. He said it 28 different times. And in all fairness, even the Democrats that weren't going to vote for it got swayed by him. They wished they didn't do it now, I will tell you.

Donald Trump: Premiums are surging, companies are leaving, insurers are fleeing, doctors are quitting, and deductibles are through the roof. You have deductibles, sometimes $15,000. Yet, Hillary Clinton wants to double down on Obamacare, making it even more expensive. [Audience Noise] I'm asking for your vote so we can repeal and replace Obamacare and save health care for every family in Nevada... Applause and Cheering] ...and for every family in this country. At the core of my contract is my plan -- so important -- to bring back your jobs. [Applause and Cheering] America has lost one-third of its manufacturing jobs since NAFTA, a deal signed by Bill Clinton and supported by Hillary Clinton. [Audience Noise] America has lost 70,000 factories -- can you believe that number? I always thought it was a mistake.

Donald Trump: I've been saying that number now for two weeks, I can't believe it -- 70,000. I always think maybe 700, maybe 7,000 -- 70,000 factories since China entered the World Trade Organization, another Bill and Hillary backed disaster. [Audience Noise] We are living through the greatest jobs theft in the history of the world. Nobody has ever stolen jobs like other countries have taken them from us.

Donald Trump: A Trump administration will stop the jobs from leaving America so easily, and we will stop the jobs from leaving Nevada. [Applause and Cheering] The theft of American prosperity will end and it will end immediately. We will renegotiate NAFTA, and if we don't get the deal we want, we will terminate NAFTA and get a much better deal for our workers and our companies. [Applause and Cheering] We will also immediately stop the job-killing Trans-Pacific Partnership, which Hillary Clinton lied in the debate.

Donald Trump: By the way, did I win those debates please? [Applause and Cheering] Thank you. She kept saying she's in debate prep -- for weeks, she was in debate prep. I kept saying, you know, I felt guilty. I said there must be something to this debate prep.

Donald Trump: She just didn't want to go out campaigning. It was a good excuse. I mean, when you're doing this -- she's doing it for 30 years, right? More. I always say you've been doing it for so long, if you want to change the tax code, why didn't you do it? You want to fight ISIS, why didn't you do it? I mean, she created ISIS really.

Donald Trump: It came out of the vacuum. Now, ISIS is in 32 countries. She won't do anything with ISIS. But why don't you fix the things you want to fix? You talk about it, why don't you do it? You want to bring back jobs, bring back jobs.

Donald Trump: In New York State, she said she was going to bring back jobs. Upstate New York, it became a total disaster. Everyone left. You have to see it today.

Donald Trump: Greatest people, but you have to see what happened to Upstate New York. As part of our plan to bring back jobs, we are going to lower taxes on American business from 35 percent to 15 percent. [Applause and Cheering] We are going to massively cut taxes for the middle class, the forgotten people. [Applause and Cheering] And we will rebuild our inner cities, which are absolutely a shame.

Donald Trump: Watch out. And for the African-American community and for the Latino community... [Applause and Cheering] ...remember this, the inner cities -- so unfair -- the Democrats have run them for over 100 years, in many cases, unbroken. And every four years they come in and ask for your vote -- we want your vote.

Donald Trump: And after you give them the vote and they win an election, they say, See you in four years." They don't do anything...remember this The crime is horrible. You can't walk to a store and get a loaf of bread without being shot, in many cases. You see what's happening. The crime is horrible.

Donald Trump: The education is practically non- existent. It's so bad and jobs are gone. There are no jobs. And I say, we're going to fix the crime.

Donald Trump: We're going to fix the education. We're going to bring back jobs. We are going to rebuild the inner cities. And the African -- it's true, it's not [Inaudible] going to be hard.

Donald Trump: There were such potential. We have such incredible potential in our inner cities. We're going to fix our inner cities. And the African-American community, the Latino community, you're going to be so thankful you're going to love it.

Donald Trump: And I say to you and I say this because the Democrats have let you down for decades and decades and decades, I say to you what the hell do you have to lose, right? [Applause and Cheering] What do you have to lose? I will fix it. We are going to fix the inner cities. We're going to bring back jobs. We're going to make them safe.

Donald Trump: There's straighten out education. We will become a rich nation once again, but to be a rich nation we must also be a safe nation. Hillary Clinton wants a 550 percent increase in Syrian refugees pouring into our country. [Audience Noise] Her plan will import generations of terrorism, extremism and radicalism into your schools and into your communities. Audience Noise] When I'm elected president, if you vote, otherwise it's not going to work out, you got to vote. [Applause and Cheering] We will suspend the Syrian refugee program... [Applause and Cheering] ...and we will keep radical Islamic terrorists the hell out of our country... [Off Microphone] [Applause and Cheering] We got no choice -- we got no choice. Chanting] Thank you. A Trump administration will also secure and defend the borders of the United States. [Applause and Cheering] And yes, we will build a wall. [Applause and Cheering] We will build a wall.

Donald Trump: It'll be a great wall, and it have big doors in it, and people will come through those doors but they'll come through those doors legally. We want people to come in legally. [Applause and Cheering] And we'll stop the drugs from pouring into our nation and destroying our youth and poisoning all -- so many people, so many people. We're going to stop the drugs from pouring in, believe me.

Donald Trump: As secretary of State, Hillary Clinton allowed thousands of the most dangerous and violent criminal aliens to go free because their home countries very intelligently would not take them back. They didn't want murders. They didn't want gang members. They didn't want drug lords, but I promise you this, when we bring them back to their countries, not once -- not once will they ever come back to us in this life, not once. Applause and Cheering] Hillary supports totally open borders -- there goes your country and strongly supports sanctuary cities like San Francisco where Kate Steinle was murdered... [Audience Noise] ...by an illegal immigrant deported more than five times. Thousands of Americans would be alive today if not for the open border policies of Obama and Clinton. On Mother's Day in 2009, Carson City-born 17-year-old Rene Angulo was out driving looking for a job when he was shot in the head and brutally murdered by a previously deported illegal immigrant gang member, who everybody that knew this gang member said, Please get him out of the country.

Donald Trump: Please put him in prison. He must be incarcerated. On Mother's Day in 2009 Rene was pulled from his vehicle and left to die on the side of a road. A good Samaritan who thought there had been a car accident stopped to help and was violently shot. The illegal immigrant killer had a previous conviction involving murder in Carson City, but was released and allowed to roam free and did further damage after that. Audience Noise] Other story after story, we could go for days and days and days, this story after story one worse than the other. A Trump administration will end this nightmare of violence. We will protect American lives. We will cancel all federal funding to sanctuary cities. Applause and Cheering] We will stop illegal immigration. And by the way, I have tremendous support within the Hispanic-Latino community -- tremendous... [Applause and Cheering] ...because they came here -- they came here legally. They want to see borders.

Donald Trump: They have their jobs, which are great jobs. They have their homes. They want to keep their homes. They want to keep their jobs.

Donald Trump: They want other members of their families to come into our country and they will come in. They will come into our country. We're going to have other members of your families come in. They'll go through a process, and it won't be a process like you have now where people wait 10 and 12 years before they get in.

Donald Trump: We'll have a streamlined beautiful process. It will be efficient. It will be efficient, not the way it is now. So we've had this tremendous outpouring of love from the Hispanic community.

Donald Trump: A certain radio station in New York said the owner of the station was in another show, and it's all Spanish, and he was being interviewed. And he said, You know We have one of those guys from -- from the Hillary Clinton campaign. [Audience Noise] How much are you being paid, $1,500? All right. Take him out. Applause and Cheering] When we win the election on Tuesday, you will finally have a government on your side fighting for your community and protecting your family. [Applause and Cheering] By the way, folks, while we're at it, great... [Commotion] [Audience Noise] [Chanting]

Announcer: Hey... [Applause and Cheering] ...nobody is going to stop this movement, nobody. [Applause and Cheering] Your next president of the United States will be back in a couple of minutes, so hang tight. We love you Trump Train. Let's go. [Applause and Cheering]

Donald Trump: ...very much. [Applause and Cheering] Thank you. Nobody said it was going to be easy for us... [Applause and Cheering] ...but we will never be stopped, never ever be stopped. Applause and Cheering] I want to thank the Secret Service. These guys are fantastic. [Applause and Cheering] They don't get enough credit. They don't get enough credit.

Donald Trump: They're amazing people. So let's get back to repealing the defense sequester. Right now it doesn't sound that exciting, but it's very important because we're going to rebuild our badly depleted military. [Applause and Cheering] That means brand new modern aircraft for naval air station, and you know what I'm talking -- Fallon, who's Fallon? Any? [Applause and Cheering] Not far from here, the naval air station.

Donald Trump: We have aircraft that's 18 and 20 years old. We have aircraft much older than that. We can't even buy parts to some of our aircraft. They're so old, they don't make the parts anymore.

Donald Trump: I'm honored to have the endorsement of more than 200 top admirals and generals and 22 Medal of Honor recipients. [Applause and Cheering] Now see those Medal of Honor recipients, when they saw that scene over there, they would have brushed off the Secret Service and they would have jumped in. [Applause and Cheering] They're incredible people, but we have now many, many more coming also to endorse the whole -- the whole campaign. It's been a beautiful thing.

Donald Trump: Hillary Clinton brought death -- I love you, too -- and disaster. [Applause and Cheering] And I want to thank all of these people, wow! You were amazing. Thank you, fellas. I saw what you are doing.

Donald Trump: That's a tough group of people right here. Thank you. [Applause and Cheering] Thank you. It's really great.

Donald Trump: I saw that. That was pretty amazing. Nobody messes with our people, right? Nobody. [Applause and Cheering] She brought death and disaster to Iraq, and Syria and Libya, and she empowered Iran and she unleashed ISIS across the world.

Donald Trump: She created a vacuum and ISIS was formed. Now she is saying she's going to get rid of it. She has no chance of getting rid of ISIS. We are going to get -- we get rid of it fast.

Donald Trump: And when we go in to do something, we don't announce it four months before we do it like Mosul. We don't announce that we're going into Mosul to get the leaders who leave about two minutes after they hear the first announcement. Now we're going to do things right, folks. Hillary and her failed establishment have spent $6 trillion on wars in the Middle East, and now the Middle East is in worse shape than it's ever been by a factor of 10.

Donald Trump: They have dragged us into foreign wars that make us less safe. They shipped our jobs and wealth to other countries, and they've left our borders wide open at home. We send our troops to foreign countries to defend their borders, but our politicians refuse to defend our borders. Figure that one out. Audience Noise] That will change on November 8th. [Applause and Cheering] A Trump administration will never ever put the interest of a foreign country before the interest of our country. [Applause and Cheering] From now on, it's going to be America first. [Applause and Cheering] To all Americans I say it's time for change, it's time for real leadership.

Donald Trump: We'll have real leadership. [Applause and Cheering] Just in finishing up, I want you to think about what we can accomplish in the first 100 days of the Trump administration. We are going to have the biggest tax cut since Ronald Reagan... [Applause and Cheering] ...and she is going to raise your taxes substantially.

Donald Trump: We will eliminate every unnecessary job-killing regulation. [Applause and Cheering] We will cancel every illegal Obama executive order. [Applause and Cheering] We will protect religious liberty -- have to do it. [Applause and Cheering] Rebuild our military, and we are going to take care for once and for all of our great, great veterans... Applause and Cheering] ...for once and for all. They've been treated very badly. We will provide school choice and put an end to common core. We're bringing education local... Applause and Cheering] ...and support the great men and women of law enforcement. [Applause and Cheering] Great people, amazing people. We're going to save our second amendment, which is under siege... [Applause and Cheering] ...so important.

Donald Trump: We have the NRA total endorsement, earliest endorsement they have ever given, and appoint justices to the Supreme Court of the United States who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States. [Applause and Cheering] It's time to cut our ties with the failed politicians of the past. Hillary Clinton is the candidate of yesterday. Folks, she's been doing this for 30 years and it's only bad.

Donald Trump: We are the movement of the future. [Applause and Cheering] We're fighting for every parent who lost their child to drugs and crime and gang -- right, right? And gang violence, so much gang violence. We're fighting for every community whose jobs and dreams have been ripped out and shipped to other countries. No more, no more, no more.

Donald Trump: And we're fighting for every American who believes government should serve the people, not the donors and not the special interests. [Applause and Cheering] I'm asking you to dream big because with your vote, we are just -- can you believe this? Three days away from the change... [Applause and Cheering] ...you've been waiting for your entire life. Amazing.

Donald Trump: You're going to remember this day and you're going to remember this evening, and you're going to remember the vote that you cast whether you've casted or whether you will be casting it, and you're going to say it was the single greatest vote you ever have cast because that's when your country started winning again. [Applause and Cheering] We're going to win with trade. We're going to win on the border. We're going to win the war on drugs.

Donald Trump: We're going to knock the hell out of ISIS. [Applause and Cheering] We have no choice. We're going to win so much you're going to get tired of winning, you're going to say, you know, this guy is winning too much because you're not used to winning because we never win. We don't win with war, we don't win with trade, we don't win on the borders.

Donald Trump: You're going to win so much you're going to love it. Get out and vote. Get out and vote, because together we will make America wealthy again. [Applause and Cheering] We will make America strong again. Applause and Cheering] We will make America safe again. [Applause and Cheering] And we will make America great again. [Applause and Cheering] God bless you. Thank you everybody. God bless you. Thank you, and thank you very much.