Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-cleveland-oh-july-21-2016

Note: [This was transcribed and punctuated by Factba.se's AI, Margaret, and automatically corrected based on her understanding of Donald Trump's speech patterns. It has not been edited by a human. Please double-check any quotes against the video.]

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much friends. Thank you. Thank you very much friends. Thank you. Thank you very much. Friends, delegates and fellow Americans. I humbly delegates and fellow Americans. I humbly delegates and fellow Americans. I humbly and gratefully accept your nomination and gratefully accept your nomination and gratefully accept your nomination for the presidency of the United States for the presidency of the United States for the presidency of the United States, USA, USA, USA, USA, who would have believed that what we Who would have believed that what we - who would have believed that what we started this journey on June 16th started this journey on June 16th, started this journey on June 16th.

Donald Trump: Last year, we - and I say we - because we are last year, we and I say we - because we are last year, we and I say we - because we are - a team would have received almost 14 a team would have received almost 14 a team would have received Almost 14 million votes the most in the history of million votes, the most in the history of million votes the most in the history of the Republican Party and that the - the Republican Party and that the - the Republican Party and that the Republican Party would get 60 % more Republican Party would get 60 % more Republican Party would get 60 % more votes than it received eight years ago votes than it received eight years ago votes than it received eight years ago who would have believed us, the Democrats on the other hand received The Democrats on the other hand received the Democrats on the other hand received 20 % fewer votes than they got four years, 20 % fewer votes than they got four years, 20 % fewer votes than they got four years ago, not so good, not so good together.

Donald Trump: We will lead our party back to together. We will lead our party back to together. We will lead our party back to the White House and we will lead our the White House and we will lead our the White House and we will lead our country back to safety, prosperity and country back to safety, prosperity and country back to safety, prosperity and Peace, we will be a country of generosity and we will be a country of generosity and we will be a country of generosity and warmth.

Donald Trump: But we will also be a country of warmth, but we will also be a country of warmth, but we will also be a country of law and order. Our convention occurs at a moment of our convention occurs at a moment of our convention occurs at a moment of crisis for our nation. The attacks on our crisis for our nation, the attacks on our crisis for our nation, the attacks on our police and the terrorism of our cities, police and the terrorism of our cities, police and the terrorism of our cities threaten our very way of life any threaten Our very way of life any threaten our very way of life, any politician who does not grasp this politician who does not grasp this politician who does not grasp.

Donald Trump: This danger is not fit to lead our country. Americans watching this address tonight. Americans watching this address tonight, Americans watching this address tonight have seen the recent images of violence have seen. The recent images of violence have seen the recent images of violence in our streets and the chaos in our - in our streets and the chaos in our - in our streets and the chaos in our communities.

Donald Trump: Many of witness this communities, many of witness this communities, many of witness this violence personally. Some have even been violence personally. Some have even been violence. Personally. Some have even been its victims. I have a message for all of its victims. I have a message for all of its victims.

Donald Trump: I have a message for all of you. The crime and violence that today you the crime and violence that today you the crime and violence that today afflicts our nation will soon. And I mean afflicts, our nation will soon and I mean afflicts, our nation will soon and I mean very soon come to an end beginning on January 20th of 2017 safety beginning on January 20th of 2017. Safety beginning on January 20th of 2017. Safety will be restored.

Donald Trump: The most basic duty of will be restored. The most basic duty of will be restored. The most basic duty of government is to defend the lives of its government is to defend the lives of its government, is to defend the lives of its own citizens. Any government that fails own citizens, any government that fails own citizens, any government that fails to do so is a government unworthy to to do so is a government unworthy to to do so is a government unworthy to lead.

Donald Trump: It is finally time for a lead. It is finally time for a lead. It is finally time for a straightforward assessment of the state straightforward assessment of the state, straightforward assessment of the state of our nation. I will present the facts of our nation. I will present the facts of our nation. I will present the facts plainly and honestly we cannot afford to plainly and honestly we cannot afford to plainly and honestly we cannot afford to be so politically correct anymore.

Donald Trump: So if you want to hear the corporate, so if you want to hear the corporate, so if you want to hear the corporate spin, the carefully crafted lies and the spin, the carefully crafted lies and the spin, the carefully crafted lies and the media myths the Democrats Are holding media myths, the Democrats are holding media myths, the Democrats are holding their convention next week, go there, but here at our convention there will be, but here at our convention there will be, but here at our convention there will be no lies.

Donald Trump: We will honor the American no lies we will honor the American, no lies. We will honor the American people with the truth and nothing else, people with the truth and nothing else, people with the truth and nothing else. These are the facts, decades of progress. These are the facts decades of progress. These are the facts.

Donald Trump: Decades of progress made in bringing down crime are now made in bringing down crime are now made in bringing down crime are now being reversed by this administration's being reversed by this administration's being reversed by this administration's rollback of criminal enforcement. Rollback of criminal enforcement.

Donald Trump: Rollback of criminal enforcement homicides last year increased by 17 homicides last year increased by 17 homicides last year increased by 17 percent in America's, 50 largest cities percent in America's, 50 largest cities percent in America's 50 largest cities. That's the largest increase in 25 years in our nation's capital killings have in our nation's capital killings have - in our nation's capital killings have risen by 50 %. They're up nearly 60 % in - risen by 50 %. They're up nearly 60 % in - risen by 50 %. They're up nearly 60 % in nearby Baltimore in the president's nearby Baltimore, in the president's nearby Baltimore.

Donald Trump: In the president's hometown of Chicago, more than 2,000 hometown of Chicago, more than 2,000 hometown of Chicago. More than 2,000 people have been the victim of shootings. People have been the victim of shootings. People have been the victim of shootings this year alone and almost 4,000 have this year alone and almost 4,000 have this year alone and almost 4,000 have been killed in the Chicago area since he been killed in the Chicago area.

Donald Trump: Since he been killed in the Chicago area since he took office, the number of police officers killed in the number of police officers killed in the number of police officers killed in the line of duty has risen by almost 50 %. The line of duty has risen by almost 50 %. The line of duty has risen by almost 50 % compared to this point last year, nearly compared to this point last year.

Donald Trump: Nearly compared to this point last year, nearly 180,000 illegal immigrants with criminal 180,000 illegal immigrants with criminal 180,000 illegal immigrants with criminal records ordered deported from our records ordered deported from our records ordered deported from our country are tonight roaming free to country are tonight roaming free.

Donald Trump: To country are tonight roaming free to threaten peaceful citizens, the number of new illegal immigrant, the number of new illegal immigrant, the number of new illegal immigrant families who have crossed the border, so families who have crossed the border. So families who have crossed the border so far this year already exceeds the entire - far this year already exceeds the entire - far this year already exceeds the entire total from 2015. They are being released total from 2015. They are being released total from 2015. They are being released by the tens of thousands into our - by the tens of thousands into our - by the tens of thousands into our communities with no regard for the communities with no regard for the communities with no regard for the impact on public safety or resources Impact on public safety or resources impact on public safety or resources, one such motocrosser was released and one such motocrosser was released and one such motocrosser was released and made his way to nebraska there.

Donald Trump: He ended - made his way to nebraska there. He ended made his way to nebraska there. He ended the life of an innocent young girl named the life of an innocent young girl named the life of an innocent young girl named Sarah root. She was 21 years old and was Sarah root. She was 21 years old and was Sarah root.

Donald Trump: She was 21 years old and was killed the day after graduated from killed. The day after graduated from killed the day after graduated from college with a 4.0 grade point average college with a 4.0 grade point average college. With a 4.0 grade point average number one in her class, number one in her class number one in her class, her killer was then released a second.

Donald Trump: Her killer was then released a second. Her killer was then released a second time and he is now a fugitive from the time and he is now a fugitive from the time and he is now a fugitive from the law. I've met Sarah's beautiful family law. I've met Sarah's beautiful family law. I've met Sarah's beautiful family, but to this administration, their amazing but to this administration, their amazing but to this administration, their amazing daughter was just one more American life daughter was just one more American life daughter was just one more American life that wasn't worth protecting.

Donald Trump: No more one more child to sacrifice on the order. One more child to sacrifice on the order. One more child to sacrifice on the order. And on the altar of open borders what - and on the altar of open borders what - and on the altar of open borders, what about our economy? Again, I will tell you about our economy.

Donald Trump: Again, I will tell you about our economy again, I will tell you the plain facts that have been edited, the plain facts that have been edited, the plain facts that have been edited out of your nightly news and your out of your nightly news and your out Of your nightly news and your morning newspaper, nearly four in 10 morning newspaper, nearly four in 10 morning newspaper.

Donald Trump: Nearly four in 10 African American children are living in African American children are living in African American children are living in poverty, while 58 percent of African poverty. While 58 percent of African poverty, while 58 percent of African American youth are now not employed, 2 American youth are now not employed, 2 American youth are now not employed 2 million more.

Donald Trump: Latinos are in poverty million, more Latinos are in poverty million, more Latinos are in poverty today than when President Obama took his today than when President Obama took his today than when President Obama took his oath of office less than 8 years ago, oath of office less Than 8 years ago, oath of office less than 8 years ago, another 14 million people have left.

Donald Trump: The another 14 million people have left. The another 14 million people have left the workforce entirely. Household incomes are workforce entirely. Household incomes are workforce entirely. Household incomes are down. More than four thousand dollars down more than four thousand dollars, down more than four thousand dollars since the year 2000 that 16 years ago.

Donald Trump: Since the year 2000, that 16 years ago since the year 2000, that 16 years ago, our trade deficit in goods reached our trade deficit in goods reached our trade deficit in goods reached nearly. I think of this. Think of this, our nearly I think of this, think of this, our nearly I think of this, think of this, our trade deficit is eight hundred billion, trade deficit is eight hundred billion, trade deficit is eight hundred billion dollars.

Donald Trump: Yet think of that eight hundred dollars yet think of that eight hundred dollars. Yet think of that eight hundred billion dollars last year alone we're billion dollars last year alone we're billion dollars last year alone. We're gonna fix that the budget is no better. President Obama, the budget is no better.

Donald Trump: President Obama the budget is no better. President Obama has almost doubled our national debt to has almost doubled our national debt to has almost doubled our national debt to more than 19 trillion dollars and more than 19 trillion dollars. And more than 19 trillion dollars and growing and yet what do we have to show growing and yet what do we have to show growing and yet what do we have to show for it?

Donald Trump: Our roads and bridges are falling for it. Our roads and bridges are falling for it. Our roads and bridges are falling apart apart apart our airports, our third-world condition, our airports, our third-world condition, our airports, our third-world condition and 43 million Americans are in food and 43 million Americans are in food and 43 million Americans are in food stamps, stamps, stamps.

Donald Trump: Now let us consider the state of affairs. Now let us consider the state of affairs. Now let us consider the state of affairs abroad not only have our citizens abroad not only have our citizens abroad, not only have our citizens endured domestic disaster, but they've endured domestic disaster, but they've endured domestic disaster, but they've lived through one international lived through one international Lived through one international humiliation after another one after humiliation after another one after humiliation after another one after another.

Donald Trump: We all remember the images of another. We all remember the images of another. We all remember the images of our sailors being forced to their knees, our sailors being forced to their knees, our sailors being forced to their knees by their Iranian captors at gunpoint by their Iranian captors at gunpoint by their Iranian captors at gunpoint.

Donald Trump: This was just prior to the signing of this was just prior to the signing of this was just prior to the signing of the Iran deal which gave back to Iran. The Iran deal which gave back to Iran. The Iran deal which gave back to Iran 150 billion dollars and gave us 150 billion dollars and gave us 150 billion dollars and gave us absolutely nothing, absolutely nothing, absolutely nothing.

Donald Trump: It will go down in history as one of the - it will go down in history as one of the - it will go down in history as one of the worst deals ever negotiated. Another humiliation came when President, another humiliation came when President, another humiliation came when President Obama drew a red line in Syria and the Obama drew a red line in Syria.

Donald Trump: And the Obama drew a red line in Syria and the whole world knew it meant absolutely whole world knew it meant absolutely whole world knew it meant absolutely nothing. In Libya. Our consulate the nothing in Libya, our consulate, the nothing in Libya, our consulate, the symbol of American prestige around the symbol of American prestige around the symbol of American prestige around the globe was brought down in flames America.

Donald Trump: Globe was brought down in flames America. Globe was brought down in flames, America is far less safe and the world is far is far less safe and the world is far is far less safe and the world is far less stable than when Obama made the less stable than when Obama made the less Stable than when Obama made the decision to put Hillary Clinton in decision to put Hillary Clinton in decision to put Hillary Clinton in charge of America's foreign policy charge of America's foreign policy charge of America's foreign policy.

Donald Trump: Let's defeat her in November. I am certain that it was a decision that I am certain that it was a decision that I am certain that it was a decision that President Obama truly regrets her bed President Obama truly regrets her bed. President Obama truly regrets her bed instincts and her bad judgment, something instincts and her bad judgment.

Donald Trump: Something instincts and her bad judgment, something pointed out by Bernie Sanders are what pointed out by Bernie Sanders are what pointed out by Bernie Sanders are what caused so many of the disasters caused so many of the disasters caused so many of the disasters unfolding today. Let's review the record in 2009 pre hillary isis was not even on in 2009 pre hillary isis was not even on in 2009. Pre hillary isis was not even on the map.

Donald Trump: The map, the map libya was stable. Egypt was peaceful iraq, libya was stable, egypt was peaceful iraq, libya was stable, egypt was peaceful, iraq was seeing and really a big, big was seeing and really a big big was seeing and really a big big reduction in violence. Iran was being reduction in violence.

Donald Trump: Iran was being reduction in violence. Iran was being choked by sanctions. Syria was somewhat choked by sanctions. Syria was somewhat choked by sanctions. Syria was somewhat under control after four years of under control after four years of under control after four years of hillary clinton. What do we have?

Donald Trump: Hillary clinton, what do we have? Hillary clinton, what do we have? Isis has spread across the region and isis has spread across the region and isis has spread across the region. And the entire world, libya is in ruins and the entire world. Libya is in ruins and the entire world, libya is in ruins and our ambassador and his staff were left.

Donald Trump: Our ambassador and his staff were left. Our ambassador and his staff were left helpless to die at the hands of savage helpless to die at the hands of savage helpless to die at the hands of savage killers. Egypt was turned over to the killers. Egypt was turned over to the killers. Egypt was turned over to the radical muslim brotherhood forcing the radical muslim brotherhood forcing the radical muslim brotherhood forcing the military to retake control.

Donald Trump: Iraq is in military to retake control. Iraq is in military to retake control. Iraq is in chaos. Iran is on the path to nuclear chaos. Iran is on the path to nuclear chaos. Iran is on the path to nuclear weapons. Syria is engulfed in a civil war weapons. Syria is engulfed in a civil war weapons. Syria is engulfed in a civil war and a refugee crisis now threatens the - and a refugee crisis now threatens the - and a refugee crisis, now threatens the west after 15 years of wars in the west after 15 years of wars in the west after 15 years of Wars in the Middle East after trillions of dollars, Middle East after trillions of dollars, Middle East after trillions of dollars spent and thousands of lives lost the spent and thousands of lives lost the spent and thousands of lives lost.

Donald Trump: The situation is worse than it has ever been. Situation is worse than it has ever been. Situation is worse than it has ever been before before before this is the legacy of Hillary Clinton. This is the legacy of Hillary Clinton. This is the legacy of Hillary Clinton death destruction, terrorism and weakness.

Donald Trump: But Hillary Clinton's legacy does not, but Hillary Clinton's legacy does not, but Hillary Clinton's legacy does not have to be America's legacy. The problems have to be America's legacy. The problems have to be America's legacy. The problems we face now, poverty and violence at home, we face now poverty and violence at home.

Donald Trump: We face now poverty and violence at home war and destruction abroad will last war and destruction abroad will last war and destruction abroad will last only as long as we continue relying on only as long as we continue relying on only as long as we continue relying On the same politicians who created them in the same politicians who created them in the same politicians who created them in the first place, a change in leadership.

Donald Trump: The first place, a change in leadership. The first place, a change in leadership is required to produce a change in is required to produce a change in is required to produce a change in outcomes. Tonight, I will share with you my plan tonight. I will share with you my plan tonight. I will share with you my plan for action for America, the most for action for America, the most for action for America.

Donald Trump: The most important difference between our plan, important difference between our plan, important difference between our plan and that of our opponent is that our and that of our opponent is that our and that of our opponent is that our plan will put America first Americanism not globalism Will be our Americanism not globalism will be our Americanism, not globalism will be our credo as long as we are led by politicians who will, as we are led by politicians who will, as we are led by politicians who will not put America first, then we can Be not put America first, then we can be not put America first, then we can be assured that other nations will not assured that other nations will not assured that other nations will not treat America.

Donald Trump: With respect the respect treat America with respect the respect treat America with respect the respect that we deserve the American people will come first, the American people will come first, the American people will come first. Once again, my plan will begin with safety at home. My plan will begin with safety at home.

Donald Trump: My plan will begin with safety at home, which means safe neighborhoods, secure, which means safe neighborhoods, secure which means safe neighborhoods, secure borders and protection from terrorism, borders and protection from terrorism, borders and protection from terrorism. There can be no prosperity. Without law, there can be no prosperity.

Donald Trump: Without law, there can be no prosperity. Without law and order on the economy, I will outline reforms to on the economy. I will outline reforms to on the economy. I will outline reforms to add millions of new jobs and trillions, add millions of new jobs and trillions, add millions of new jobs and trillions in new wealth that can be used to in new wealth that can be used to in new wealth that can be used To rebuild America, a number of these rebuild America, a number of these rebuild America.

Donald Trump: A number of these reforms that I will outline tonight will reforms that I will outline tonight will reforms that I will outline tonight will be opposed by some of our nation's most be opposed by some of our nation's most be opposed by some of our nation's most Powerful special interests, that's powerful special interests, that's powerful special interests.

Donald Trump: That's because these interests have rigged because these interests have rigged because these interests have rigged, our political and economic system for our political and economic system for our political and economic system for their exclusive benefit. Believe me, it's their exclusive benefit. Believe me, it's their exclusive benefit.

Donald Trump: Believe me, it's for their benefit. Big business, elite media and major big business, elite media and major big business, elite media and major donors are lining up behind the campaign. Donors are lining up behind the campaign. Donors are lining up behind the campaign of my opponent because they know she of my opponent because they know she of my opponent because they know she will keep our rigged system in place.

Donald Trump: They are throwing money at her because they are throwing money at her because they are throwing money at her because they have total control over every - they have total control over every - they have total control over every single thing she does. She is their single thing. She does - she is their single thing, she does, she is their puppet and they pull the strings puppet and they pull the strings puppet and they pull the strings.

Donald Trump: That is why Hillary Clinton's message is that is why Hillary Clinton's message is that is why Hillary Clinton's message is that things will never change, never ever. My message is that things have to change. My message is that things have to change. My message is that things have to change and they have to change right now.

Donald Trump: Every day I wake up determined to every day I wake up determined to every day I wake up determined to deliver a better life for the people all deliver a better life. For the people all deliver a better life for the people all across this nation that have been across this nation that have been across this nation that have been ignored, neglected and abandoned.

Donald Trump: I have ignored, neglected and abandoned. I have ignored, neglected and abandoned. I have visited the laid-off factory workers and visited the laid-off factory workers and visited the laid-off factory workers and the communities crushed by our horrible the communities crushed by our horrible the communities crushed by our horrible and unfair trade deals.

Donald Trump: These are the and unfair trade deals. These are the and unfair trade deals. These are the Forgotten men and women of our country, Forgotten men and women of our country, Forgotten men and women of our country and they are forgotten, but they're not and they are forgotten, but they're not and they are forgotten.

Donald Trump: But they're not going to be forgotten law. These are people who work hard, but no, these are people who work hard. But no, these are people who work hard but no longer have a voice longer, have a voice longer, have a voice. I am your voice. I am your voice, I am your voice. I have embraced trying mothers who have - I have embraced trying mothers who have - I have embraced trying mothers who have lost their children because our lost their children because our lost their children because our politicians put their personal agendas, politicians put their personal agendas, politicians put their Personal agendas before the national good, I have no - before the national good.

Donald Trump: I have no - before the national good. I have no patience for injustice patience for injustice patience for injustice, how great for our police and how great - how great for our police and how great - how great for our police and how great is Cleveland. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I have no patience for injustice.

Donald Trump: No, I have no patience for injustice. No, I have no patience for injustice, no tolerance for government, incompetence of tolerance for government incompetence of tolerance for government incompetence, of which there is so much no sympathy for which there is so much. No sympathy for which there is so much no sympathy for leaders who fail their citizens when leaders who fail their citizens when leaders who fail their citizens when innocent people suffer.

Donald Trump: Because our innocent people suffer because our innocent people suffer because our political system lacks the will or the political system lacks. The will or the political system lacks, the will or the courage or the basic decency to enforce courage or the basic decency to enforce courage. Or the basic decency to enforce our laws or still worse has sold out to our laws or still worse has sold out to our laws or still worse has sold out to some corporate lobbyists for cash.

Donald Trump: I am some corporate lobbyists for cash. I am some corporate lobbyists for cash. I am NOT able to look the other way and I NOT able to look the other way and I NOT able to look the other way. And I won't look the other way and when a secretary of state illegally and when a secretary of state illegally and when a secretary of state illegally stores her emails on a private server stores, her emails on a private server stores.

Donald Trump: Her emails on a private server deletes 33,000 of them, so the deletes 33,000 of them, so the deletes 33,000 of them. So the authorities can't see her crime, puts our authorities, can't see her crime, puts our authorities, can't see her crime, puts our country at risk lies about it in every country at risk lies about it in every country at risk lies about it in every different form.

Donald Trump: And faces no consequence different form and faces no consequence different form and faces no consequence. I know that corruption has reached a - I know that corruption has reached a - I know that corruption has reached a level like never ever before in our level like never ever before. In our level like never ever before in our country when the FBI director says that the - when the FBI director says that the - when the FBI director says that the Secretary of State was extremely Secretary of State was extremely Secretary of State was extremely careless and negligent In handling our careless and negligent in handling our careless and negligent in handling our classified secrets, I also know that classified secrets I also know that classified secrets.

Donald Trump: I also know that these terms are minor compared to what these terms are minor compared to what these terms are minor compared to what she actually did. They were just used to, she actually did, they were just used to, she actually did, they were just used to save her from facing justice for her, save her from facing justice for her, save her from facing justice for her terrible, terrible crimes.

Donald Trump: In fact, her single greatest in fact her single greatest. In fact, her single greatest accomplishment may be committing. Such accomplishment may be committing such accomplishment may be committing such egregious crime and getting away with it egregious crime and getting away with it egregious crime and getting away with it, especially when others who have done far, especially when others who have done far, especially when others Who have done far less have paid so dearly when that same Secretary of State rakes when that same Secretary of State rakes when that same Secretary of State rakes in millions and millions of dollars in millions and millions of dollars in millions and millions of dollars trading Access and favors to special trading access and favors to special trading access and favors to special interests and foreign powers.

Donald Trump: I know the interests and foreign powers, I know the interests and foreign powers. I know the time for action has come. I have joined the political arena, so I have joined the political arena. So I have joined the political arena so that the powerful can no longer beat up that the powerful can no longer beat up that the powerful can no longer beat up on people who cannot defend themselves.

Donald Trump: Nobody knows the system better than me, which is why I alone and conviction I have seen firsthand how the system is. I have seen firsthand how the system is. I have seen firsthand how the system is rigged against our citizens, just like it rigged against our citizens. Just like it rigged against our citizens, just like it was rigged against Bernie Sanders, he was rigged against Bernie Sanders.

Donald Trump: He was rigged against Bernie Sanders. He never had a chance, never had a child but never had a chance, never had a child but never had a chance, never had a child, but his supporters will join our movement. His supporters will join our movement. His supporters will join our movement because we will fix his biggest single because we will fix his biggest single because we will fix his biggest single issue trade deals that strip our country, issue trade deals that strip our country, issue trade deals that strip our country of Its jobs and strip us of our wealth of its jobs and strip us of our wealth of its jobs and strip us of our wealth.

Donald Trump: As a country, millions of Democrats will join our millions of Democrats will join our millions of Democrats will join our movement because we are going to fix the movement because we are going to fix the movement because we are going to fix the system. So it works fairly and justly for system, so it works fairly and justly for system.

Donald Trump: So it works fairly and justly for each and every American in this cause. I am proud to have at my in this cause. I am proud to have at my in this cause I am proud to have at my side the next vice president of the side. The next vice president of the side. The next vice president of the United States Governor Mike Pence of United States Governor Mike Pence of United States Governor, Mike Pence of Indiana and a great guy.

Donald Trump: We will bring the same and a great guy. We will bring the same and a great guy. We will bring the same economic success to America that Mike economic success to America, that Mike economic success to America that Mike brought to Indiana, which is amazing. He's a man of character and he's a man of character and he's a man of character and accomplishment.

Donald Trump: He is the man for the job accomplishment. He is the man for the job accomplishment. He is the man for the job. The first test for our new - the first test for our new - the first test for our new administration will be to liberate. Our administration will be to liberate our administration, will be to liberate our citizens from the crime and terrorism citizens from the crime and terrorism citizens.

Donald Trump: From the crime and terrorism and lawlessness that threatens our and lawlessness that threatens our and lawlessness that threatens our communities, America was shocked to its communities. America was shocked to its communities. America was shocked to its core when our police officers in Dallas core when our police officers in Dallas core, when our police officers in Dallas were so brutally executed immediately were so brutally executed immediately were so brutally executed immediately after Dallas, we've seen continued after Dallas.

Donald Trump: We've seen continued after Dallas, we've seen continued threats and violence against our law threats and violence against our law threats and violence against our law enforcement officials. Law officers have enforcement officials, law officers have enforcement officials, law officers have been shot or killed in recent days in been shot or killed in recent days in been shot or killed in recent days.

Donald Trump: In Georgia, Missouri, Wisconsin, Kansas, Georgia, Missouri, Wisconsin; Kansas, Georgia, Missouri, Wisconsin, Kansas, Michigan; and Tennessee. On Sunday, more police were gunned down on Sunday, more police were gunned down on Sunday, more police were gunned down in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Three were in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.

Donald Trump: Three were in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, three were killed and three were very, very badly killed and three were very, very badly killed and three were very, very badly injured. An attack on law enforcement is injured. An attack on law enforcement is injured. An attack on law enforcement is an attack on all Americans.

Donald Trump: I have a message to every last person. I have a message to every last person. I have a message to every last person threatening the peace on our streets and threatening the peace on our streets and threatening the peace on our streets and the safety of our police. When I take the - the safety of our police, when I take the - the safety of our police, when I take the oath of office next year, I will restore oath of office next year, I will restore.

Donald Trump: Oath of office next year, I will restore law and order to our country. Believe me, believe me, I will work with an appoint the best and I will work with an appoint the best and I will work with an appoint the best and brightest prosecutors and law, brightest prosecutors and law, brightest prosecutors and law enforcement officials to get the job Enforcement officials to get the job enforcement officials to get the job properly done in this race for the White House.

Donald Trump: I am in this race for the White House. I am in this race for the White House. I am the law and order candidate. The irresponsible rhetoric of our the irresponsible rhetoric of our the irresponsible rhetoric of our president who has used the pulpit of the president who has used the pulpit of the president who has used the pulpit of the presidency to divide us by race and presidency to divide Us by race and presidency to divide us by race and color has made America a more dangerous color has made America a more dangerous color, has made America a more dangerous environment than frankly I have ever environment than frankly I have ever environment than frankly I have Ever seen and anybody in this room has ever seen and anybody in this room has ever seen and anybody in this room has ever watched or seen this administration has watched or seen this administration has watched or seen.

Donald Trump: This administration has failed America's inner cities. Remember, failed America's inner cities, remember failed America's inner cities. Remember it has failed America's inner cities. It's failed them on education. It's - it's failed them on education, it's - it's failed them on education, it's failed them on jobs, it's failed them in, failed them on jobs, it's failed them in, failed them on jobs.

Donald Trump: It's failed them in crime. It's failed them in every way and crime, it's failed them in every way and crime, it's failed them in every way and on every single level when I am on every single level, when I am on every single level, when I am president, I will work to Ensure that all president, I will work to ensure that all president, I will work to ensure that all of our kids are treated equally and of our kids are treated equally and of our kids are treated equally and protected.

Donald Trump: Equally every action I take, I will ask myself, every action I take, I will ask myself, every action I take, I will ask myself, does this make better for young, does this make better for young? Does this make better for young Americans in Baltimore, in Chicago, in Americans, in Baltimore, in Chicago, in Americans, in Baltimore, in Chicago, in Detroit, in Ferguson who have really in Detroit, in Ferguson who have really in Detroit, in Ferguson who have really in every way folks the Same right to live every way, folks the same, right to live every way, folks the same, right to live out their dreams as any other child in out their dreams as any other child in out their dreams as any other child in America.

Donald Trump: Any other time to make life safe for all of our - to make life safe for all of our - to make life safe for all of our citizens, we must also address the citizens. We must also address the citizens. We must also address the growing threats we face from outside the growing threats we face from outside the growing threats we face from outside the country.

Donald Trump: We are going to defeat the country, we are going to defeat the country. We are going to defeat the barbarians of Isis and we're going to barbarians of Isis and we're going to barbarians of Isis and we're going to defeat them fast. Once again. France is the victim of once again France is the victim of once again.

Donald Trump: France is the victim of brutal is Lama, k -- terrorism, men, women, brutal is Lama, k -- terrorism men, women, brutal is Lama, k -- terrorism, men, women and children viciously mowed down lives. And children viciously mowed down lives and children viciously mowed down lives. Ruined families ripped apart a nation in ruined.

Donald Trump: Families ripped apart a nation in ruined. Families ripped apart a nation in mourning the damage and devastation that mourning the damage and devastation that mourning the damage and devastation that can be inflicted by Islamic radicals has - can be inflicted by Islamic radicals has - can be inflicted by Islamic radicals has been proven over and Over at the World been proven over and over at the World been proven over and over at the World Trade Center at an office party in San Trade Center at an office party in San Trade Center at an office party in San Bernardino at the Boston Marathon.

Donald Trump: At a Bernardino, at the Boston Marathon at a Bernardino, at the Boston Marathon at a military recruiting center in military recruiting center in military recruiting center in Chattanooga, Tennessee and many, many Chattanooga, Tennessee and many, many Chattanooga, Tennessee and many, many other locations only weeks ago.

Donald Trump: In other locations, only weeks ago in other locations only weeks ago in Orlando, Florida, 49 wonderful Americans, Orlando, Florida, 49 wonderful Americans, Orlando, Florida, 49 wonderful Americans were savagely murdered by an Islamic were savagely murdered by an Islamic were savagely murdered by an Islamic terrorists.

Donald Trump: This time the terrorists terrorists this time the terrorists terrorists this time the terrorists targeted LGBTQ community, no good and targeted LGBTQ community, no good and targeted LGBTQ community, no good and we're gonna stop it. We're gonna stop it. We're gonna stop it as your president. I will do everything as your president.

Donald Trump: I will do everything as your president. I will do everything in my power to protect our LGBTQ in my power to protect our LGBTQ in my power to protect our LGBTQ citizens from the violence and citizens from the violence and citizens from the violence and oppression of a hateful foreign ideology. Oppression of a hateful foreign ideology, oppression of a hateful foreign ideology, believe me and I have to say, as a Republican, it is and I have to say as a Republican, it is and I have to say as a Republican, it is so nice to hear you Cheering for what I - so nice to hear you cheering for what I - so nice to hear you cheering for what I just said, just said just said thank you to protect us from terrorism we need to, to protect us from terrorism we need to, to protect us From terrorism, we need to focus on three things.

Donald Trump: We must have the focus on three things. We must have the focus on. Three things. We must have the best, absolutely the best gathering of best, absolutely the best gathering of best, absolutely the best gathering of tella intelligence anywhere in the world. Tella intelligence anywhere in the world, tella intelligence anywhere in the world, the best we must abandon the failed policy of.

Donald Trump: We must abandon the failed policy of we must abandon the failed policy of nation-building and regime change that nation-building and regime change that nation-building and regime change that Hillary Clinton pushed in Iraq in Libya, Hillary Clinton pushed in Iraq in Libya, Hillary Clinton pushed in Iraq in Libya, in Egypt and in Syria, instead, we must in Egypt and in Syria, instead, we must in Egypt and in Syria.

Donald Trump: Instead, we must work with all of our allies who share work with all of our allies, who share work with all of our allies who share our goal of destroying Isis and stamping our goal of destroying Isis and stamping our goal of destroying Isis and stamping out Islamic terrorism and doing it now out Islamic terrorism and doing it now out Islamic terrorism and doing it now, doing it quickly, we're going to win doing it quickly.

Donald Trump: We're going to win doing it quickly. We're going to win. We're going to win fast. We're going to win fast, we're going to win fast. This includes working with our greatest. This includes working with our greatest. This includes working with our greatest ally in the region, the state of Israel. Recently I have said that NATO was recently, I have said that NATO was recently I have said that NATO was obsolete because it did not properly obsolete because it did not properly obsolete because it did not properly cover terror and also that many of the cover terror.

Donald Trump: And also that many of the cover terror and also that many of the member countries were not paying their member countries were not paying their member countries were not paying their fair share. As usual. The United States has been, as usual, the United States has been as usual, the United States has been picking up the cost shortly thereafter, picking up the cost shortly thereafter, picking up the cost.

Donald Trump: Shortly thereafter, it was announced that NATO will be - it was announced that NATO will be - it was announced that NATO will be setting up a new program in order to setting up a new program in order to setting up a new program in order to combat terrorism. A true step in the combat terrorism, a true step in the combat terrorism, a true step in the right direction.

Donald Trump: Lastly, and very importantly, we must lastly and very importantly, we must. Lastly and very importantly, we must immediately suspend immigration from any immediately suspend immigration from any immediately suspend immigration from any nation that has been compromised by nation that has been compromised by nation that has been compromised by terrorism until such time as proven terrorism until such time.

Donald Trump: As proven terrorism until such time as proven vetting mechanisms have been put in vetting mechanisms have been put in vetting mechanisms have been put in place, we don't want them in our country. My opponent has called for a radical 550. My opponent has called for a radical 550, my opponent has called for a radical 550 percent increase in Syrian.

Donald Trump: Think of this percent increase in Syrian think of this percent increase in Syrian. Think of this, think of this. This is not believable but think of this. This is not believable, but think of this - this is not believable, but this is what's happening of 550 percent. This is what's happening of 550 percent.

Donald Trump: This is what's happening of 550 percent increase in Syrian refugees on top of increase in Syrian refugees on top of increase in Syrian refugees on top of the existing massive refugee flows, the existing massive refugee flows, the existing massive refugee flows coming into our country already under Coming into our country already under coming into our country already under the leadership of President Obama.

Donald Trump: She proposes this despite the fact that she proposes this despite the fact that she proposes this despite the fact that there is no way to screen these refugees. There is no way to screen these refugees. There is no way to screen these refugees in order to find out who they are or in order to find out who they are or in order to find out who they are or where they come from.

Donald Trump: I only want to where they come from. I only want to where they come from. I only want to admit individuals into our country who admit individuals into our country who admit individuals into our country who will support our values and love our will support our values. And love our will support our values and love our people.

Donald Trump: Anyone who endorses violence, hatred or anyone who endorses violence, hatred or anyone who endorses violence, hatred or oppression is not welcome in our country. Oppression is not welcome in our country. Oppression is not welcome in our country and never ever will be decades of record emigration have decades of record.

Donald Trump: Emigration have decades of record. Emigration have produced lower wages and higher produced, lower wages and higher produced, lower wages and higher unemployment for our citizens, especially unemployment. For our citizens, especially unemployment for our citizens, especially for african-american and Latino workers for african-american and Latino workers for african-american and Latino workers, we are going to have an immigration.

Donald Trump: We are going to have an immigration. We are going to have an immigration system that works. But one that works for system that works, but one that works for system that works, but one that works for the American people. On Monday, we heard from three parents on Monday, we heard from three parents on Monday.

Donald Trump: We heard from three parents whose children were killed by illegal, whose children were killed by illegal, whose children were killed by illegal immigrants; Maryann Mendoza, Sabine dirt immigrants; Maryann Mendoza, Sabine dirt immigrants; Maryann Mendoza, Sabine dirt; and my friend, Jamil Shah. They're just - and my friend, Jamil Shah, they're just - and my friend, Jamil Shah, they're just three brave representatives of many, three brave representatives of many, three brave representatives of many thousands who have suffered.

Donald Trump: So gravely thousands who have suffered. So gravely thousands who have suffered. So gravely of all my travels in this country, of all my travels in this country, of all my travels in this country, nothing has affected me more, nothing, nothing has affected me more, nothing, nothing has affected me more, nothing even clubs.

Donald Trump: I have to tell you then the even clubs, I have to tell you then the even clubs, I have to tell you then the time I have spent with the mothers and time I have spent with the mothers and time I have spent with the mothers and Fathers who have lost their children to fathers who have lost their children to fathers, who have lost their children to violence, spilling across our borders violence spilling across our borders violence spilling across our borders, which we can solve.

Donald Trump: We have to solve it. These families have no special interest. These families have no special interest. These families have no special interest to represent them. There are no to represent them. There are no to represent them. There are no demonstrators to protect them and demonstrators to protect them and demonstrators to protect them and certainly none to protest on their certainly none to protest on their certainly none to protest on their behalf.

Donald Trump: Behalf behalf my opponent will never meet with them or my opponent will never meet with them or my opponent will never meet with them or share in their pain. Believe me instead share in their pain, believe me instead share in their pain. Believe me, instead my opponent wants sanctuary cities, but where was the sanctuary for Kate, but where was the sanctuary for Kate?

Donald Trump: But where was the sanctuary for Kate Steinle? Where was the sanctuary for the Steinle? Where was the sanctuary for the Steinle? Where was the sanctuary for the children of Miriam and Sabine and Jamil children of Miriam and Sabine and Jamil children of Miriam and Sabine and Jamil? Where was the sanctuary for all of the - where was the sanctuary for all of the - where was the sanctuary for all of the other aw?

Donald Trump: That's so sad to even be other aw that's so sad to even be other aw that's so sad to even be talking about it because we could solve talking about it because we could solve talking about it because we could solve this problem so quickly this problem. So quickly, this problem so quickly, where was the sanctuary for all of the - where was the sanctuary for all of the - where was the sanctuary for all of the other Americans who had been so brutally other Americans who had been so brutally other Americans who had been.

Donald Trump: So brutally murdered and who had suffered so, so murdered and who had suffered so, so murdered and who had suffered so. So horribly these wounded American families horribly, these wounded American families horribly, these wounded American families have been alone, but they are not alone have been alone.

Donald Trump: But they are not alone have been alone but they are not alone any longer tonight. This candidate and the whole tonight, this candidate and the whole tonight, this candidate and the whole nation stand in their corner to support nation stand in their corner to support nation stand in their corner to support them, to send them our love and to pledge them to Send them our love and to pledge them to send them our love and to pledge in their honor that we will save in their honor that we will save in their honor that we will save countless more families from suffering countless more families from suffering countless more Families from suffering and the same awful fate we are going to build a grey water wall.

Donald Trump: We are going to build a grey water wall. We are going to build a grey water wall to stop illegal immigration to stop the - to stop illegal immigration to stop the - to stop illegal immigration to stop the gangs gangs gangs violence and to stop the drugs from violence and to stop the drugs from violence.

Donald Trump: And to stop the drugs from pouring into our communities, I have been honored to receive the - I have been honored to receive the - I have been honored to receive the endorsement of America's Border Patrol endorsement of America's Border Patrol endorsement of America's Border Patrol agents. And we'll work directly with them to and we'll work directly with them to and we'll work directly with them to protect the integrity of our lawful, protect the integrity of our lawful, protect, the integrity of our lawful lawful lawful immigration system lawful by ending catch and release On the by ending catch and release on the by ending catch and release on the border, we will end the cycle of human border.

Donald Trump: We will end the cycle of human border. We will end the cycle of human smuggling and violence illegal border smuggling and violence, illegal border smuggling and violence illegal border crossings will go down. We will stop it, crossings will go down. We will stop it, crossings will go down. We will stop it.

Donald Trump: It won't be happening very much anymore. It won't be happening very much anymore. It won't be happening very much anymore. Believe me, peace will be restored by enforcing the peace will be restored by enforcing the peace will be restored by enforcing the rules for millions who overstay their rules for millions, who overstay their rules for millions, who overstay their visas.

Donald Trump: Our laws will finally receive the visas. Our laws will finally receive the visas. Our laws will finally receive the respect that they deserve. Tonight. I want every American whose tonight I want every American whose tonight I want every American whose demands for immigration security have demands for immigration.

Donald Trump: Security have demands for immigration, security have been denied and every politician who has been denied and every politician who has been denied and every politician who has denied them to listen very, very closely denied them to listen very, very closely denied them to listen very, very closely. To the words, I am about to say On to the words I am about to say On to the words I am about to say On January 20th of 2017, the day I take the January 20th of 2017, the day I take the January 20th of 2017. The day I take the oath of office Americans will finally wake up in a Americans will finally wake up in a Americans will finally wake up in a country where the laws of the United country where the laws of the United country where the laws of the United States are enforced, we are going to be considerate and we are going to be considerate and we are going to be considerate and compassionate to everyone.

Donald Trump: But my compassionate to everyone but my compassionate to everyone but my greatest compassion will be for our own. Greatest compassion will be for our own. Greatest compassion will be for our own struggling citizens struggling citizens struggling citizens USA, USA, USA, USA, USA, USA, USA, USA, USA. My plan is the exact opposite of the - my plan is the exact opposite of the - my plan is the exact opposite of the radical and dangerous immigration policy.

Donald Trump: Radical and dangerous immigration policy, radical and dangerous immigration policy of Hillary Clinton Americans want relief of Hillary Clinton. Americans want relief of Hillary Clinton. Americans want relief from uncontrolled immigration, which is from uncontrolled immigration, which is from uncontrolled immigration, which is what we have now.

Donald Trump: Communities want relief what we have now, communities want relief, what we have now, communities want relief yet Hillary Clinton is proposing mass, yet Hillary Clinton is proposing mass yet. Hillary Clinton is proposing mass amnesty mass immigration and mass amnesty mass immigration and mass amnesty mass immigration and mass lawlessness.

Donald Trump: Her plan will overwhelm your schools and her plan will overwhelm your schools and her plan will overwhelm your schools and hustlaz, further reduce your jobs and hustlaz, further reduce your jobs and hustlaz further reduce your jobs and wages and make it harder for recent wages and make It harder for recent wages and make it harder for recent immigrants to escape the tremendous immigrants to escape the tremendous immigrants to escape the tremendous cycle of poverty that they're going cycle of poverty that they're going cycle of poverty that they're going through right now and make It almost through right now and make it almost through right now and make it almost impossible for them to join the middle, impossible for them to join the middle, impossible for them to join the middle class.

Donald Trump: I have a different vision for our class. I have a different vision for our class. I have a different vision for our workers. It begins with a new fair trade workers. It begins with a new fair trade workers. It begins with a new fair trade policy that protects our jobs and stands policy that protects our jobs and stands policy that protects our jobs and stands up to countries that cheat of which up to countries that cheat of which up to countries that cheat of which There are many - it's been a signature message of my - it's been a signature message of my - it's been a signature message of my campaign from day one and it will be a campaign from day one and it will be a campaign from day one.

Donald Trump: And it will be a signature feature of my presidency from signature feature of my presidency from signature feature of my presidency. From the moment, I take the oath of office. I have made billions of dollars in. I have made billions of dollars in. I have made billions of dollars in business making deals.

Donald Trump: Now I'm going to business making deals. Now I'm going to business making deals now I'm going to make our country rich again using the greatest business people in using the greatest business, people in using the greatest business. People in the world which our country has, I am the world which our country has, I am the world which our country has.

Donald Trump: I am going to turn our bad trade agreements going to turn our bad trade agreements, going to turn our bad trade agreements into great trade agreements. America has lost nearly one-third of its America has lost. Nearly one-third of its America has lost nearly one-third of its manufacturing jobs since 1997 following manufacturing jobs since 1997 following manufacturing jobs since 1997. Following the enactment of disastrous trade deals, the enactment of disastrous trade deals, the enactment of disastrous trade deals supported by Bill and Hillary Clinton.

Donald Trump: Remember it was Bill Clinton who signed - remember it was Bill Clinton who signed - remember it was Bill Clinton, who signed NAFTA. One of the worst economic deals NAFTA, one of the worst economic deals NAFTA, one of the worst economic deals ever made by our country or frankly any ever made by our country or frankly any ever made by our country or frankly any other country never ever again.

Donald Trump: I am going to bring back our jobs to - I am going to bring back our jobs to - I am going to bring back our jobs to Ohio and Pennsylvania and New York and Ohio and Pennsylvania and New York and Ohio and Pennsylvania and New York and Michigan. And all of America and I am NOT Michigan and all of America and I am NOT Michigan and all of America and I am NOT going to let companies move to other - going to let companies move to other - going to let companies move to other countries firing Their employees along countries firing their employees along countries, firing their employees along the way without consequence, not gonna the way without consequence, not gonna the way without consequence, not gonna happen anymore.

Donald Trump: My opponent on the other hand has my opponent on the other hand has my opponent on the other hand has supported virtually every trade supported virtually every trade supported virtually every trade agreement that has been destroying our agreement that has been destroying our agreement that has been Destroying our middle class, she supported NAFTA and she middle class, she supported NAFTA and she middle class.

Donald Trump: She supported NAFTA and she supported China's entrance into the supported China's entrance into the supported China's entrance into the World Trade Organization. Another one of World Trade Organization, another one of World Trade Organization, another one of her husband's colossal mistakes and her husband's colossal mistakes and her husband's colossal mistakes and disasters.

Donald Trump: She supported the job-killing disasters. She supported the job-killing disasters. She supported the job-killing trade deal with South Korea. She trade deal with South Korea. She trade deal with South Korea. She supported the trans-pacific partnership, supported the trans-pacific partnership, supported the trans-pacific partnership, which will not only destroy our - which will not only destroy our - which will not only destroy our manufacturing, but it will make America manufacturing, but it will make America manufacturing.

Donald Trump: But it will make America subject to the rulings of foreign subject to the rulings of foreign subject to the rulings of foreign governments and it's not going to happen. I pledge to never sign any trade. I pledge to never sign any trade. I pledge to never sign any trade agreement that hurts our workers or that agreement that hurts our workers or that agreement that hurts our workers or that diminishes our freedom and our diminishes our freedom and our diminishes our freedom and our independence.

Donald Trump: We will never ever sign bad independence. We will never ever sign bad independence. We will never ever sign bad trade deals. America first again America trade deals, America first again, America trade deals, America first again America first first first, instead I will make individual deals. Instead I will make individual deals.

Donald Trump: Instead, I will make individual deals with individual countries no longer will with individual countries no longer will with individual countries no longer will we enter into these massive transactions. We enter into these massive transactions. We enter into these massive transactions with many countries that are thousands with many countries that are thousands with many countries that are thousands of pages long and which no one from our of pages long and which no one from our of pages long and which no one From our country even reads or understands we are country even reads or understands we are country even reads or understands we are going to enforce all trade violations going to enforce all trade violations, going to enforce all trade violations against any country that cheats.

Donald Trump: This includes shopping. China's this includes shopping China's. This includes shopping China's outrageous theft of intellectual outrageous theft of intellectual outrageous theft of intellectual property along with their illegal property along with their illegal property along with their illegal product dumping and their devastating product dumping and their devastating product dumping.

Donald Trump: And their devastating currency manipulation, they are the currency manipulation, they are the currency manipulation, they are the greatest that ever came about. They are greatest that ever came about. They are greatest that ever came about. They are the greatest currency manipulators ever the greatest currency manipulators ever.

Donald Trump: The greatest currency manipulators ever, our horrible trade agreements with China, our horrible trade agreements with China, our horrible trade agreements with China and many others will be totally and many others will be totally and many others will be totally renegotiated. That includes renegotiating, renegotiated, that includes renegotiating, renegotiated, that includes renegotiating NAFTA to get a much better deal for NAFTA to get a much better deal for NAFTA to get a much better deal for America and will walk away if we don't America and will walk away.

Donald Trump: If we don't America and will walk away, if we don't get that kind of a deal, our country is going to start building, our country is going to start building our country, is going to start building and making things again. Next comes the reform of our tax laws. Next comes the reform of our tax laws. Next comes the reform of our tax laws, regulations and energy rules.

Donald Trump: While regulations and energy rules, while regulations and energy rules, while Hillary Clinton plans a massive and I Hillary Clinton plans a massive and I Hillary Clinton plans a massive and I mean massive tax increase. I have mean massive tax increase. I have mean massive tax increase. I have proposed the largest tax reduction of proposed, the largest tax reduction of proposed, the largest tax reduction of any candidate who has run for president.

Donald Trump: Any candidate who has run for president, any candidate who has run for president this year, democrat or republican middle-income Americans and businesses, middle-income Americans and businesses, middle-income Americans and businesses, will experience profound relief and will experience profound relief and will experience profound relief.

Donald Trump: And taxes will be greatly simplified for taxes, will be greatly simplified for taxes, will be greatly simplified for everyone. I mean everyone, America is one of the highest tax America is one of the highest tax America is one of the highest tax nations in the world. Reducing taxes will nations in the world reducing taxes will nations in the world.

Donald Trump: Reducing taxes will cause new companies and new jobs to come cause new companies and new jobs to come cause new companies and new jobs to come roaring back into our country. Believe me roaring back into our country, believe me roaring back into our country. Believe me, it'll happen and it'll happen fast then we're going to deal with the issue.

Donald Trump: Then we're going to deal with the issue. Then we're going to deal with the issue of regulation. One of the greatest job of regulation, one of the greatest job of regulation, one of the greatest job killers of them, all excessive regulation, killers of them, all excessive regulation, killers of them. All excessive regulation is costing our country as much as two is costing our country.

Donald Trump: As much as two is costing our country as much as two trillion dollars a year and we will end trillion dollars a year and we will end trillion dollars a year and we will end it very, very quickly. We are going to lift the restrictions on we are going to lift the restrictions on we are going to lift the restrictions on the production of American energy.

Donald Trump: This will produce more than 20 trillion. This will produce more than 20 trillion. This will produce more than 20 trillion dollars in job-creating economic dollars in job-creating economic dollars in job-creating economic activity over the next four decades. My activity over the next four decades, my activity over the next four decades, my opponent on the other hand wants to put opponent on the other hand wants to put opponent on the other hand wants to put the great miners and the great steel, the great miners.

Donald Trump: And the great steel, the great miners and the great steel workers of our country out of work and workers of our country out of work and workers of our country out of work and out of business that will never happen out of business. That will never happen out of business that will never happen with Donald J. Trump as president, our - with Donald J. Trump as president, our - with Donald J Trump as president, our steel workers and our miners are going steel workers and our miners are going steel workers and our miners are going back to work again with these new economic policy.

Donald Trump: Trillions with these new economic policy trillions with these new economic policy, trillions and trillions of dollars will start and trillions of dollars will start and trillions of dollars will start flowing into our country. This new wealth flowing into our country, this new wealth flowing into our country.

Donald Trump: This new wealth will improve the quality of life for all will improve the quality of life for all will improve the quality of life for all Americans. We will build the roads Americans, we will build the roads Americans we will build the roads, highways, bridges, tunnels, airports and highways, bridges, tunnels, airports and highways, bridges, tunnels, airports and the railways of tomorrow.

Donald Trump: This in turn the railways of tomorrow this in turn the railways of tomorrow. This in turn will create millions of more jobs. We will rescue kids from failing schools. We will rescue kids from failing schools. We will rescue kids from failing schools by helping their parents send them to a by helping their parents send them to a - by helping their parents send them to a safe school of their choice, safe school of their choice, safe school of their choice.

Donald Trump: My opponent would rather protect my opponent would rather protect my opponent, would rather protect bureaucrats than serve American children bureaucrats than serve American children bureaucrats than serve American children and that's what she's doing and that's - and that's what she's doing and that's - and that's what she's doing.

Donald Trump: And that's what she's done. We will repeal and what she's done, we will repeal and what she's done. We will repeal and replace disastrous Obamacare. You will be able to choose your own. You will be able to choose your own, you will be able to choose your own doctor again and we will fix TSA at the airports and we will fix TSA at the airports and we will fix TSA at the airports, which is a total disaster which is A total disaster, which is a total disaster.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you. We're going to work. Thank you. Thank you. We're going to work. Thank you. Thank you. We're going to work with all of our students who are with all of our students who are with all of our students, who are drowning in debt to take the pressure, drowning in debt, to take the pressure, drowning in debt to take the pressure off these young People just starting out off these young people just starting out off these young people just starting out in their adult lives, tremendous problem.

Donald Trump: We will completely rebuild our depleted. We will completely rebuild our depleted - we will completely rebuild our depleted military and the countries that we are protecting and the countries that we are protecting and the countries that we are protecting at a massive cost to us will be asked to at a massive cost to Us will be asked to at a massive cost to us will be asked to pay their fair share.

Donald Trump: We will take care of our great veterans. We will take care of our great veterans. We will take care of our great veterans like they have never been taken care of like they have never been taken care of like they have never been taken care of before. My just release 10-point plan has my just release 10-point plan has my just release 10-point plan has received tremendous veteran support.

Donald Trump: We received tremendous veteran support, we received tremendous veteran support. We will guarantee those who serve this will guarantee those who serve. This will guarantee those who serve this country will be able to visit the doctor country, will be able to visit the doctor country, will be able to visit the doctor or hospital of their choice without or hospital of their choice without or hospital of their choice without Waiting five days or the line and dying my opponent dismissed the VA scandal, one my opponent dismissed the VA scandal, one my opponent dismissed the VA scandal.

Donald Trump: One more sign of how out of touch she really more sign of how out of touch. She really more sign of how out of touch she really is. We are going to ask every department is we are going to ask every department is we are going to ask every department head in government to provide a list of head in government to provide a list of head in government to provide a list of wasteful spending.

Donald Trump: On projects that we wasteful spending on projects that we wasteful spending on projects that we can eliminate in my first 100 days, the politicians have talked about this. The politicians have talked about this. The politicians have talked about this for years, but I'm going to do it for years, but I'm going to do it for years, but I'm going to do it.

Donald Trump: We are going to appoint justices of the - we are going to appoint justices of the - we are going to appoint justices of the United States Supreme Court who will United States Supreme Court who will United States Supreme Court who will uphold our laws and our Constitution. The replacement of our beloved Justice, the replacement of our beloved Justice, the replacement of our beloved Justice Scalia will be a person of similar views.

Donald Trump: Scalia will be a person of similar views. Scalia will be a person of similar views, principles and judicial philosophies, principles and judicial philosophies, principles and judicial philosophies variable. This will be one of the most variable. This will be one of the most variable. This will be one of the most important issues decided by this important issues decided by this important issues decided by this election.

Donald Trump: My opponent wants to election, my opponent wants to election, my opponent wants to essentially abolish the Second Amendment. I on the other hand received the early I on the other hand received the early. I, on the other hand received the early and strong endorsement of the National and strong endorsement of the National and strong endorsement of the National Rifle Association and will protect the Rifle Association and will protect the Rifle Association and will protect the right of all Americans.

Donald Trump: To keep their right of all Americans to keep their right of all Americans to keep their families safe. At this moment, I would like to thank the at this moment I would like to thank the at this moment I would like to thank the evangelical and religious community, evangelical and religious community, evangelical and religious community because I'll tell you what the support, because I'll tell You what the support, because I'll tell you what the support that they've given me, and I'm not sure I - that they've given me and I'm not sure I - that they've given me and I'm not sure I totally deserve, has been so amazing and has had such a Big reason for me and has had such a big reason for me and has had such a big reason for me being here tonight true.

Donald Trump: So true they have much to contribute to our - they have much to contribute to our - they have much to contribute to our politics yet our laws prevent you from politics, yet our laws prevent you from politics, yet our laws prevent you from speaking your minds from your Own speaking your minds from your own speaking your minds from your own pulpits, an amendment pushed by Lyndon pulpits, an amendment pushed by Lyndon pulpits, an amendment pushed by Lyndon Johnson many years ago threatens Johnson many years ago threatens Johnson, many years ago threatens religious institutions.

Donald Trump: With a loss of religious institutions with a loss of religious institutions with a loss of their tax-exempt status, if they openly their tax-exempt status, if they openly their tax-exempt status, if they openly advocate their political views, their advocate, their political views, their advocate, their political views, their Voice has been taken away, I am going to - voice has been taken away.

Donald Trump: I am going to - voice has been taken away. I am going to work very hard to repeal that language, work very hard to repeal that language, work very hard to repeal that language and to protect free speech for all and to protect free speech for all and to protect free speech for all Americans. We can accomplish these great things and we can accomplish these great things and we can accomplish these great things and so much more all we need to do is start so much more.

Donald Trump: All we need to do is start so much more. All we need to do is start believing in ourselves and in our believing in ourselves and in our believing in ourselves and in our country. Again, start believing it is time to show the whole world that it is time to show the whole world that it is time to show the whole world that America is back bigger and better and America is back bigger and better and America is back bigger and Better and stronger than ever before in this journey, I'm so lucky to have at in this journey, I'm so lucky to have at in this journey.

Donald Trump: I'm so lucky to have at my side, my wife, Melania and my wonderful my side, my wife, Melania and my wonderful. My side, my wife, Melania and my wonderful children, children, children, Don Ivanka, Eric Tiffany and Baron you, Don Ivanka, Eric Tiffany and Baron you, Don Ivanka. Eric, Tiffany and Baron you will always be my greatest source of - will always be my greatest source of will always be.

Donald Trump: My greatest source of pride and joy, pride and joy pride and joy, and by the way, Melania and Ivanka did. And by the way, Melania and Ivanka did. And by the way, Melania and Ivanka did they do a job? My dad, Fred Trump was the smartest and my dad Fred Trump was the smartest and my dad Fred Trump was the smartest and hardest-working man I ever knew.

Donald Trump: I wonder hardest-working man I ever knew. I wonder hardest-working man I ever knew. I wonder sometimes what he'd say. If he were here sometimes what he'd say, if he were here sometimes what he'd say, if he were here to see this and to see me tonight, it's because of him that I learned from it's because of him that I learned from it's because of him that I learned from my youngest age to respect the dignity, my youngest age.

Donald Trump: To respect the dignity, my youngest age to respect the dignity of work and the dignity of working of work and the dignity of working of work and the dignity of working people. He was a guy most comfortable in the - he was a guy most comfortable in the - he was a guy most comfortable in the company of bricklayers and carpenters company of bricklayers and carpenters company of bricklayers and carpenters and electricians.

Donald Trump: And I have a lot of - and electricians and I have a lot of - and electricians and I have a lot of that in me also. I love those people. Then there's my mother, Mary. She was - then there's my mother, Mary. She was - then there's my mother, Mary. She was strong, but also warm and fair-minded she strong, but also warm and fair-minded she strong, but also warm and fair-minded.

Donald Trump: She was a truly great mother. She was also was a truly great mother. She was also was a truly great mother. She was also one of the most honest and charitable, one of the most honest and charitable, one of the most honest and charitable people that I have ever known and a people that I have ever known and a people that I have ever known and a great, Great judge of character, she could great, great judge of character, she could great, great judge of character.

Donald Trump: She could pick them out from anywhere to my pick them out from anywhere to my pick them out from anywhere to my sisters. Mary Ann and Elizabeth. My sisters Mary Ann and Elizabeth, my sisters Mary Ann and Elizabeth, my brother Robert and my late brother, Fred brother, Robert and my late brother, Fred brother Robert and my late brother Fred.

Donald Trump: I will always give you my love. You are. I will always give you my love you are - I will always give you my love. You are most special to me. I have had a truly great life in. I have had a truly great life in. I have had a truly great life in business, but now my sole and exclusive business, but now my sole and exclusive business.

Donald Trump: But now my sole and exclusive mission is to go to work for our country. Mission is to go to work for our country. Mission is to go to work for our country to go to work for you. It's time to, to go to work for you. It's time to, to go to work for you. It's time to deliver a victory for the American, deliver a victory for the American, deliver a victory for the American people.

Donald Trump: We don't win anymore, but we are people we don't win anymore, but we are people we don't win anymore, but we are going to start winning again. But to do that we must break free from. But to do that we must break free from. But to do that, we must break free from the petty politics of the past America, the petty politics of the past America, the petty politics of the past America is a nation of believers, dreamers, and is a nation of believers, dreamers and is a nation of believers.

Donald Trump: Dreamers and strivers that is being led by a group of strivers that is being led by a group of strivers that is being led by a group of censors, critics and cynics. Remember all censors, critics and cynics, remember all censors, critics and cynics. Remember, all of the people telling you you can't have of the people telling you you can't have of the people telling you you can't have the country you want are the same people.

Donald Trump: The country you want are the same people, the country you want are the same people that wouldn't stand. I mean they said that wouldn't stand. I mean they said that wouldn't stand. I mean they said Trump doesn't have a chance of being Trump doesn't have a chance of being Trump doesn't have a chance of being here tonight, not a chance here tonight, not a chance here tonight, not a chance.

Donald Trump: The same people we love defeating those, the same people we love defeating those the same people we love defeating those people don't worry, don't we love to no longer can we rely on those same, no longer can we rely on those same, no longer can we rely On those same people in the media and politics, who people in the media and politics, who people in the media and politics who will say anything to keep our rigged, will say anything to keep our rigged, will say anything to keep our rigged system in place.

Donald Trump: Instead, we must choose system in place, instead we must choose system in place. Instead we must choose to believe in American history is to believe in American history is to believe in American history is watching us. Now we don't have much time watching us now. We don't have much time watching us now.

Donald Trump: We don't have much time, but history is watching, it's waiting to. But history is watching, it's waiting to. But history is watching. It's waiting to see if we will rise to the occasion and see if we will rise to the occasion and see if we will rise to the occasion. And if we will show the whole world that if we will show the whole world that if we will show the whole world that America is still free and independent America is still free and independent America is still free and independent and strong.

Donald Trump: I am asking for your support tonight, so I am asking for your support tonight. So I am asking for your support tonight so that I can be your champion in the White that I can be your champion in the White that I can be your champion in the White House. And I will be your champion. My opponent asks their supporters to my opponent asks their supporters to my opponent asks their supporters to recite a three word loyalty pledge recite a three word loyalty pledge recite a three word loyalty pledge.

Donald Trump: It reads I'm with her. I choose to recite it reads, I'm with her, I choose to recite it reads, I'm with her, I choose to recite a different pledge. My pledge reads, I'm a different pledge. My pledge reads, I'm a different pledge. My pledge reads I'm with you, the American people. I am your voice so to every parent who I am your voice, so to every parent who I am your voice, so to every parent who dreams for their child and every child dreams for their child and every child dreams for their child and every child who Dreams for their future, I say these who dreams for their future.

Donald Trump: I say these who dreams for their future. I say these words to you tonight. I am with you. I words to you tonight. I am with you. I words to you tonight. I am with you. I will fight for you and I will win for will fight for you and I will win for will fight for you. And I will win for you to all Americans tonight in all of our - to all Americans tonight in all of our - to all Americans tonight in all of our cities.

Donald Trump: And in all of our towns, I make cities and in all of our towns, I make cities and in all of our towns, I make this promise. We will make America strong this promise. We will make America strong this promise. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again again, we will make America proud again.

Donald Trump: Again, we will make America proud again. We will make America safe again and we - we will make America safe again and we - we will make America safe again and we will make America great. Again, god bless will make America great. Again, god bless will make America great again, god bless you.