Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-iran-strategy-october-13-2017

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. My fellow Americans: As President of the United States, my highest obligation is to ensure the safety and security of the American people.

Donald Trump: History has shown that the longer we ignore a threat, the more dangerous that threat becomes. For this reason, upon taking office, I've ordered a complete strategic review of our policy toward the rogue regime in Iran. That review is now complete.

Donald Trump: Today, I am announcing our strategy, along with several major steps we are taking to confront the Iranian regimeÕs hostile actions and to ensure that Iran never, and I mean never, acquires a nuclear weapon.

Donald Trump: Our policy is based on a clear-eyed assessment of the Iranian dictatorship, its sponsorship of terrorism, and its continuing aggression in the Middle East and all around the world.

Donald Trump: Iran is under the control of a fanatical regime that seized power in 1979 and forced a proud people to submit to its extremist rule. This radical regime has raided the wealth of one of the worldÕs oldest and most vibrant nations, and spread death, destruction, and chaos all around the globe.

Donald Trump: Beginning in 1979, agents of the Iranian regime illegally seized the U.S. embassy in Tehran and held more than 60 Americans hostage during the 444 days of the crisis. The Iranian-backed terrorist group Hezbollah twice bombed our embassy in Lebanon -- once in 1983 and again in 1984. Another Iranian-supported bombing killed 241 Americans -- service members they were, in their barracks in Beirut in 1983.

Donald Trump: In 1996, the regime directed another bombing of American military housing in Saudi Arabia, murdering 19 Americans in cold blood.

Donald Trump: Iranian proxies provided training to operatives who were later involved in al QaedaÕs bombing of the American embassies in Kenya, Tanzania, and two years later, killing 224 people, and wounding more than 4,000 others.

Donald Trump: The regime harbored high-level terrorists in the wake of the 9/11 attacks, including Osama bin LadenÕs son. In Iraq and Afghanistan, groups supported by Iran have killed hundreds of American military personnel.

Donald Trump: The Iranian dictatorshipÕs aggression continues to this day. The regime remains the worldÕs leading state sponsor of terrorism, and provides assistance to al Qaeda, the Taliban, Hezbollah, Hamas, and other terrorist networks. It develops, deploys, and proliferates missiles that threaten American troops and our allies.

Donald Trump: It harasses American ships and threatens freedom of navigation in the Arabian Gulf and in the Red Sea. It imprisons Americans on false charges. And it launches cyberattacks against our critical infrastructure, financial system, and military.

Donald Trump: The United States is far from the only target of the Iranian dictatorshipÕs long campaign of bloodshed. The regime violently suppresses its own citizens; it shot unarmed student protestors in the street during the Green Revolution.

Donald Trump: This regime has fueled sectarian violence in Iraq, and vicious civil wars in Yemen and Syria. In Syria, the Iranian regime has supported the atrocities of Bashar al-AssadÕs regime and condoned AssadÕs use of chemical weapons against helpless civilians, including many, many children.

Donald Trump: Given the regimeÕs murderous past and present, we should not take lightly its sinister vision for the future. The regimeÕs two favorite chants are ÒDeath to AmericaÓ and ÒDeath to Israel.Ó

Donald Trump: Realizing the gravity of the situation, the United States and the United Nations Security Council sought, over many years, to stop IranÕs pursuit of nuclear weapons with a wide array of strong economic sanctions.

Donald Trump: But the previous administration lifted these sanctions, just before what would have been the total collapse of the Iranian regime, through the deeply controversial 2015 nuclear deal with Iran. This deal is known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, or JCPOA.

Donald Trump: As I have said many times, the Iran Deal was one of the worst and most one-sided transactions the United States has ever entered into. The same mindset that produced this deal is responsible for years of terrible trade deals that have sacrificed so many millions of jobs in our country to the benefit of other countries. We need negotiators who will much more strongly represent AmericaÕs interest.

Donald Trump: The nuclear deal threw IranÕs dictatorship a political and economic lifeline, providing urgently needed relief from the intense domestic pressure the sanctions had created. It also gave the regime an immediate financial boost and over $100 billion dollars its government could use to fund terrorism.

Donald Trump: The regime also received a massive cash settlement of $1.7 billion from the United States, a large portion of which was physically loaded onto an airplane and flown into Iran. Just imagine the sight of those huge piles of money being hauled off by the Iranians waiting at the airport for the cash. I wonder where all that money went.

Donald Trump: Worst of all, the deal allows Iran to continue developing certain elements of its nuclear program. And importantly, in just a few years, as key restrictions disappear, Iran can sprint towards a rapid nuclear weapons breakout. In other words, we got weak inspections in exchange for no more than a purely short-term and temporary delay in IranÕs path to nuclear weapons.

Donald Trump: What is the purpose of a deal that, at best, only delays IranÕs nuclear capability for a short period of time? This, as President of the United States, is unacceptable. In other countries, they think in terms of 100-year intervals, not just a few years at a time.

Donald Trump: The saddest part of the deal for the United States is that all of the money was paid up front, which is unheard of, rather than at the end of the deal when they have shown theyÕve played by the rules. But whatÕs done is done, and that's why we are where we are.

Donald Trump: The Iranian regime has committed multiple violations of the agreement. For example, on two separate occasions, they have exceeded the limit of 130 metric tons of heavy water. Until recently, the Iranian regime has also failed to meet our expectations in its operation of advanced centrifuges.

Donald Trump: The Iranian regime has also intimidated international inspectors into not using the full inspection authorities that the agreement calls for.

Donald Trump: Iranian officials and military leaders have repeatedly claimed they will not allow inspectors onto military sites, even though the international community suspects some of those sites were part of IranÕs clandestine nuclear weapons program.

Donald Trump: There are also many people who believe that Iran is dealing with North Korea. I am going to instruct our intelligence agencies to do a thorough analysis and report back their findings beyond what they have already reviewed.

Donald Trump: By its own terms, the Iran Deal was supposed to contribute to Òregional and international peace and security.Ó And yet, while the United States adheres to our commitment under the deal, the Iranian regime continues to fuel conflict, terror, and turmoil throughout the Middle East and beyond. Importantly, Iran is not living up to the spirit of the deal.

Donald Trump: So today, in recognition of the increasing menace posed by Iran, and after extensive consultations with our allies, I am announcing a new strategy to address the full range of IranÕs destructive actions.

Donald Trump: First, we will work with our allies to counter the regimeÕs destabilizing activity and support for terrorist proxies in the region.

Donald Trump: Second, we will place additional sanctions on the regime to block their financing of terror.

Donald Trump: Third, we will address the regimeÕs proliferation of missiles and weapons that threaten its neighbors, global trade, and freedom of navigation.

Donald Trump: And finally, we will deny the regime all paths to a nuclear weapon.

Donald Trump: Today, I am also announcing several major steps my administration is taking in pursuit of this strategy.

Donald Trump: The execution of our strategy begins with the long-overdue step of imposing tough sanctions on IranÕs Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps. The Revolutionary Guard is the Iranian Supreme LeaderÕs corrupt personal terror force and militia.

Donald Trump: It has hijacked large portions of IranÕs economy and seized massive religious endowments to fund war and terror abroad. This includes arming the Syrian dictator, supplying proxies and partners with missiles and weapons to attack civilians in the region, and even plotting to bomb a popular restaurant right here in Washington, D.C.

Donald Trump: I am authorizing the Treasury Department to further sanction the entire Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps for its support for terrorism and to apply sanctions to its officials, agents, and affiliates.

Donald Trump: I urge our allies to join us in taking strong actions to curb Iran's continued dangerous and destabilizing behavior, including thorough sanctions outside the Iran Deal that target the regime's ballistic missile program, in support for terrorism, and all of its destructive activities, of which there are many.

Donald Trump: Finally, on the grave matter of IranÕs nuclear program: Since the signing of the nuclear agreement, the regime's dangerous aggression has only escalated. At the same time, it has received massive sanctions relief while continuing to develop its missiles program. Iran has also entered into lucrative business contracts with other parties to the agreement.

Donald Trump: When the agreement was finalized in 2015, Congress passed the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act to ensure that CongressÕs voice would be heard on the deal.

Donald Trump: Among other conditions, this law requires the President, or his designee, to certify that the suspension of sanctions under the deal is Òappropriate and proportionateÓ to measure -- and other measures taken by Iran to terminate its illicit nuclear program. Based on the factual record I have put forward, I am announcing today that we cannot and will not make this certification.

Donald Trump: We will not continue down a path whose predictable conclusion is more violence, more terror, and the very real threat of IranÕs nuclear breakout.

Donald Trump: That is why I am directing my administration to work closely with Congress and our allies to address the dealÕs many serious flaws so that the Iranian regime can never threaten the world with nuclear weapons. These include the dealÕs sunset clauses that, in just a few years, will eliminate key restrictions on IranÕs nuclear program.

Donald Trump: The flaws in the deal also include insufficient enforcement and near total silence on IranÕs missile programs. Congress has already begun the work to address these problems.

Donald Trump: Key House and Senate leaders are drafting legislation that would amend the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act to strengthen enforcement, prevent Iran from developing an inter- -- this is so totally important -- an intercontinental ballistic missile, and make all restrictions on IranÕs nuclear activity permanent under U.S. law. So important. I support these initiatives.

Donald Trump: However, in the event we are not able to reach a solution working with Congress and our allies, then the agreement will be terminated. It is under continuous review, and our participation can be cancelled by me, as President, at any time.

Donald Trump: As we have seen in North Korea, the longer we ignore a threat, the worse that threat becomes. It is why we are determined that the worldÕs leading sponsor of terrorism will never obtain nuclear weapons.

Donald Trump: In this effort, we stand in total solidarity with the Iranian regimeÕs longest-suffering victims: its own people. The citizens of Iran have paid a heavy price for the violence and extremism of their leaders.

Donald Trump: The Iranian people long to -- and they just are longing, to reclaim their countryÕs proud history, its culture, its civilization, its cooperation with its neighbors.

Donald Trump: We hope that these new measures directed at the Iranian dictatorship will compel the government to reevaluate its pursuit of terror at the expense of its people.

Donald Trump: We hope that our actions today will help bring about a future of peace, stability, and prosperity in the Middle East Ð- a future where sovereign nations respect each other and their own citizens.

Donald Trump: We pray for a future where young children -- American and Iranian, Muslim, Christian, and Jewish -- can grow up in a world free from violence, hatred, and terror.

Donald Trump: And, until that blessed day comes, we will do what we must to keep America safe.

Donald Trump: Thank you, God bless you, and God bless America. Thank you.