Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-des-moines-ia-december-8-2016

Donald Trump: What great people, great people.

Donald Trump: I'm here today for one main reason -- to say thank you to the great, great people of Iowa. [Applause]

Donald Trump: You went out and pounded, and I mean pounded the pavement. You organized your fellow citizens and propelled us to victories at a grassroots and every other level. We have a movement the likes of which this world has never seen before -- never seen before. [Applause]

Donald Trump: I also want to give a very special thanks to our veterans -- a lot of veterans in this room. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Thank you, thank you. Service members, military families, unbelievable people.

Donald Trump: Yesterday was the 75th anniversary of Pearl Harbor and a reminder of the countless Americans who made the ultimate sacrifice for this and our country. [Applause]

Donald Trump: America's men and women in uniform are the finest and bravest the world has ever known. [Applause]

Donald Trump: And by the way folks, we are going to be building up our military. [Applause]

Donald Trump: It will no longer be a depleted military, I promise. [Applause]

Donald Trump: So to all serving in our military, and to all veterans who wore the uniform before, I say to you now in behalf of a very, very grateful nation, thank you, thank you, thank you. [Applause]

Donald Trump: We're in your debt, and we will never ever let you down -- never. We'll honor your service, your sacrifice. And that really begins with defending and respecting our American flag. [Applause]

Donald Trump: I think you'll be liking some of the things we'll be putting forward in the not-too-distant future. Do you know what I mean, yes? Do you know what I mean? [Applause]

Donald Trump: When Pearl Harbor was attacked, one man who immediately enlisted to defend his country was John Glenn. For the next seven decades, he devoted his life to serving the American people, which he did from the cockpit of his bullet-riddled fighter jet -- tough times -- in the weightless silence of his Mercury space... [Booing]

Donald Trump: Oh, that's OK, that's OK. We have to respect John Glenn. That's all right.

Donald Trump: I think they are actually on our side, they just don't know it yet. [Applause]

Donald Trump: They will be soon.

Donald Trump: But John was also in the weightless silence of his Mercury spacecraft and later in the halls of the U.S. Capitol. Our nation mourns the passing of one of our great heroes.

Donald Trump: He was a giant among men and a true American legend who inspired generations of explorers and dreamers, and we will honor his legacy by continuing to push new frontiers in science, technology, and space. [Applause]

Donald Trump: In filling my Cabinet, I am looking for people who fully understand the meaning of service and who are committed to advancing the common good. One such man, who, by the way, our country has fallen in love with is General James Mad Dog" Mattis. [Applause]""n filling my Cabinet

Donald Trump: He doesn't lose. He doesn't lose. We were together last night. He's a great guy. A general's general they call them.

Donald Trump: Earlier this week, I formally announced my plans to nominate him as your new Secretary of Defense. [Applause]

Donald Trump: I believe we're in the process of putting together one of the great Cabinets that has ever been assembled in the history of our nation. Do you like it so far everybody? [Applause]

Donald Trump: I also want to take this opportunity to thank your great senators, Chuck Grassley, a great guy, really great guy... [Applause]

Donald Trump: ... and a woman I've gotten to know very well, a tremendous woman, phenomenal person. That's right, Joni Ernst. They're going to be tremendous partners in the Senate, and they're right now in Washington, D.C. working very hard on something that's very interesting, but they are tremendous -- two tremendous people. They never wavered.

Donald Trump: You know, we had some people they would waiver, right, waiver not as long as they came back sometime prior to the vote. They're all right, but we don't like people that waiver, right? [Applause]

Donald Trump: Those two didn't waiver.

Donald Trump: I'll tell you who else did waiver. Your governor did not waiver. I want to tell you that. [Applause]

Donald Trump: He didn't waiver, not even a little bit.

Donald Trump: And soon I'm going to invite onto the stage one of the newest additions to our administration, a man you know well, one of the most important relationships we must improve, and we have to improve is our relationship with China. [Applause]

Donald Trump: The nation of China is responsible for almost half of America's trade deficit. China is not a market economy. They get a lot of help, and that's why we designate them as being a nonmarket economy -- big thing. They haven't played by the rules, and they know it's time that they're going to start. They're going to start. They got to, honestly. [Applause]

Donald Trump: We're all in this thing together, folks. We got to play by the rules, folks.

Donald Trump: You have the massive theft of intellectual property, putting unfair taxes on our companies, not helping with the menace on North Korea like they should and the at-will and massive devaluation of their currency and product dumping. Other than that, they've been wonderful, right? [Laughter] [Applause]

Donald Trump: But I have to tell you, the man that is going to be coming up here very soon, every single time I have spoken as I am going onto the stage he'd said, Please

Donald Trump: He's -- if it wasn't for him, I probably wouldn't be president- elect. But he always would say, Mr. Trump -- Donald

Donald Trump: OK. I said, Why?" Because I have so many friends there

Donald Trump: So when it came to thinking about the ambassador to China, right? I started saying, No

Donald Trump: But he is not looking to live like a king. His beautiful wife came to my office the other day. They are looking to work on that relationship because he knows the people and the leaders in China for so many years. he knew your current leader years ago, and he said he will be the ultimate leader when he was just a young guy. You have a very special man.

Donald Trump: And I just I want to tell you officially, the man I have chosen as our ambassador to China is the man that knows China and likes China -- better to like China if you're going to be over there. Do we agree?

Donald Trump: And knows how to deliver results, and he will deliver results just like he has been delivering results for 23 years to the great farmers and for the people of Iowa. [Applause]

Donald Trump: He's been on six trade missions to China and is highly respected by all of the Chinese officials. He's also a native of Iowa, America's longest-serving governor in the history of our country, 23 years. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Think of that. In the history, you don't know what it is. To be a governor for four years is tough -- 23 years -- and has done an incredible job. [Applause]

Donald Trump: He's also become a great friend of mine. I am now honored to welcome to the stage our next ambassador to China, your governor, and I can truly say your great governor, Terry Branstad. Come up, Terry. [Applause]

Donald Trump: This is a big room. [Applause]

Terry Branstad: Wow, President-elect Trump.

Terry Branstad: Hello, Iowans. [Applause]

Terry Branstad: It has been a great honor and privilege to serve the people of this state, and thanks our great new President who's going to make America great again, I am very proud to serve America in this very important role. Thank you very much. [Applause]

Donald Trump: He is going to do so great. With Terry on our side, I know we will succeed in bringing our jobs back. And I also know that China who's been so tough and so competitive, and, frankly, dealing with people that didn't get it. But I'll tell you what, we're going to have mutual respect. We're going to have mutual respect, and china is going to benefit and we're going to benefit. And Terry is going to lead the way, so I just want to congratulate him. [Applause]

Donald Trump: But to accomplish our goals, we must reject the failed approaches of the past. Government must stop listening to the special interests, and start delivering for the national interests. [Applause]

Donald Trump: It's time to deliver for you, the American people just like Iowa delivered for me. Boy, did you deliver. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Boy, did you deliver.

Donald Trump: You know, just to go into this for a second, so we won almost every single county in the state. We won by over 10 points. We won one county that wasn't won since Dwight D. Eisenhower. Anybody know the name of that county?

Audience: [Off Microphone]

Donald Trump: Correct. And we had a great night. And Iowa was announced very early, and so was Ohio. And we won Ohio by almost nine points. [Applause]

Donald Trump: And we were expected to win Ohio by two points or three, so we won by nine. That made the other side a little bit nervous. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: And then my friends, right in this room got announced, right? We won by 10 points. [Applause]

Donald Trump: And then when they looked at the map of Iowa and they saw almost every single county, and it was incredible. And the other side will say, well, maybe those two are flukes. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: And then we won Florida, and we won South Carolina. [Applause]

Donald Trump: We won North Carolina, and we won Pennsylvania. And we won Michigan, and we won Wisconsin, and we won Georgia and Texas, and Utah.

Donald Trump: Remember Utah? Remember Utah? Where they said this guy, this unknown person that he is doing so well. Remember? He -- they said, Utah is in play."""emember Utah? Rem"

Donald Trump: Now, nobody -- no Republicans ever lost Utah. And I went to my people. I said, We got problems. Utah is in play." And there's a guy that -- I mean

Donald Trump: So this guy supposedly was in second place. And they said Texas, right? They said, Texas

Donald Trump: So now, the polls open and they go, Texas goes to Trump. Georgia goes to Trump

Donald Trump: I won them in like landslides. I'm saying, What's been going on

Donald Trump: You know, the expression the use is they're in play

Donald Trump: That was a big one. That's a big one. That was a big one.

Donald Trump: And the numbers were so big that, you know, for the rest of the night, the other side is going around and said, That's a big number. That's a lot more than we were supposed to lose by."""nd the numbers were so big that

Donald Trump: So I love you, folks. I really. This is sort of a -- you know, this is a thank you, and it's a thank you, Iowa, and it's a thank you, Ohio, and Pennsylvania, North Carolina, and Florida, and a lot of the states that were so, so crucial. And we won every one -- and Nebraska, a guy from Nebraska. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Actually, we won Nebraska, too, right? We won -- Nebraska goes twice. We won it twice. And we had a lot of people in Nebraska, a lot of good, wealthy people fighting us, right? That didn't work.

Donald Trump: But those wealthy people aren't so unhappy now because the stock market has gone up so much because of us... [Applause]

Donald Trump: ... but those wealthy people just got wealthier, right?

Donald Trump: No, they had a lot of buses. They were bussing people from all over the place, and we still won both of them.

Donald Trump: The American worker built this country, and now it is time for American workers to have a government that, for the first time in decades answers to them. We're going to answer to them. [Applause]

Donald Trump: My plan begins with bold structural reform to create millions of really good paying jobs -- jobs... [Applause]

Donald Trump: ... whether it's agriculture, medicine or military technology, we want the next generation of innovation and production to happen right here in America and right here in Iowa. You're going to be big beneficiaries... [Applause]

Donald Trump: ... big beneficiaries.

Donald Trump: First on taxes, we're going to undertake one of the great tax reforms and simplifications in American history. It's going to be simpler. Too much work, too complicated. And the center of the plan is massive tax relief for the American middle class has been forgotten... [Applause]

Donald Trump: ... forgotten. Boy, did they come out and vote, huh? They came out and vote.

Donald Trump: You know, I think both parties, to a certain extent, but especially the other side, they forgot about those people. That's why I call them the forgotten men and the forgotten women." They're not forgotten anymore

Donald Trump: We're also going to lower our business tax rate from 35 percent all the way down to 15 percent. That's going to [Inaudible]. [Applause]

Donald Trump: We're going to prime the pump. We're going to prime the pump. We got to get the jobs. We got 96 million people out there. We got to get them going, and they want to work. They gave up looking for jobs. They're going to have their choice of jobs.

Donald Trump: Now, you watch. They're going to have their choice.

Donald Trump: Wouldn't it be nice if you went around and you go home to your wife or your husband, and you say, Harry or Sally..." [Laughter]""ouldn't it be nice if you wen"

Donald Trump: ... I don't know which one to take. I got so many options. I've got so many options. Please

Donald Trump: On regulations, we're going to eliminate every single wasteful regulation that hurts our farmers, our workers... [Applause]

Donald Trump: ... and our small businesses. And you saw today, Scott Pruitt, who's a tremendous guy, who has been met with tremendous applause from the business community. We're going to protect the family farm, and we are going to end the EPA intrusion into your lives. [Applause]

Donald Trump: On energy, we will cancel the job killing restrictions on the production of American energy, and that means lower energy prices for farmers, households and small businesses in Iowa and, frankly, all over the United States.

Donald Trump: We will also pursue an agenda of conservation, protecting our beautiful natural resources for future Americans, your family, your children and lots of other people. And we're going to ensure clean air and clean water for all of our people. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Regulations, by the way, will be cut down to a fraction of what they are now. And believe it or not, environmentally, you'll be protected better and will have jobs, OK, will have jobs. [Applause]

Donald Trump: On infrastructure, I am going to ask Congress to pass legislation that produces $1 trillion of new investment in America's crumbling infrastructure, and it is indeed crumbling. That includes major new projects for both our rural communities and our inner cities, which have also been forgotten. [Applause]

Donald Trump: And we will put our people, not people from other lands, our people back to work in the process. OK? [Applause]

Donald Trump: It is time to help Americans get off the welfare and get back into the labor market, and they're going to want to do it, they're going to want to do it.

Donald Trump: Rebuilding this country with American hands, by American workers. We're going to do it. We're going to have people... [Applause]

Donald Trump: ... that haven't worked for years. They're going to love -- OK, they're going to love it. They're going to be incentivized.

Donald Trump: My administration will follow two simple rules -- buy American and hire American. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Remember, years ago, we used to proudly display Made in the USA." You go get a car

Donald Trump: Any of the manufacturers -- and we're doing a lot of -- a lot of talking to a lot of companies, and we're thinking about leaving. And I'll tell you, I don't think they're going to be leaving so fast anymore. They're not going to be leaving so fast anymore... [Applause]

Donald Trump: ... because we love our companies and we love it when they are employing thousands of people, but we don't love our companies when they leave and go to another country and think they can make their product and sell it back into our country like we're a bunch of fools, like they have been getting away with for the last 35 year -- not going to be. [Applause]

Donald Trump: No, there are going to be consequences. When they want to leave, I will wish them well. I always say enjoy your new plant, enjoy the very hot weather. But if you think you're going to be coming through what will soon become a very, very strong border.

Donald Trump: No, going to happen so easy.

Donald Trump: We're not going to be the stupid people anymore, folks. We're not going to be the stupid people... [Applause]

Donald Trump: ... .because from now on it's going to be America first, going to be America first -- very simple.

Donald Trump: You know, some of the deals made, and I've been studying them, actually I like reading deals. Do you believe this? I do not know what that is. But I have been setting some of these deals. They're horrible. They're inconceivable, but we're going to have some great news for you in the very near future.

Donald Trump: On trade, our trade deficit now nearly $800 billion a year. Think of that. We trade. And who is this that we want to trade? I want to trade, I'm a free trader, but it has to make sense. You know when a trade is going to lose $800 billion a year. It's a chronic drag on growth, and a total destroyer of jobs and the wealth of our country, so we don't want that anymore. [Applause]

Donald Trump: And, by the way, some of the people I put on to negotiate - you've been noticing -- are some of the most successful people in the world. One newspaper criticized me, why can't they have people of modest means? Because I want people who made a fortune because now they're negotiating with you, OK? [Applause]

Donald Trump: It's no different than a great baseball player or a great golfer, I mean, we want the people that are going to be bring -- they're so proud to do it. These people have given up fortunes of income in order to make a dollar a year, and they are so proud to do it. And you watch, you watch what's going to happen. It's going to have happen fast, too, going to happen fast. [Applause]

Donald Trump: It will happen very fast. And we actually have -- we've been given tremendous reviews on the people that we have gotten. That's why we will renegotiate our trade deals, stop the product dumping, the currency manipulation, which is totally out of control, which, by the way, makes it impossible for our companies to compete and defend every last American job, but we're going to do it. It's going to be so -- it's going to be fun. [Applause]

Donald Trump: I actually love calling these companies. I say, give me a list of 10 companies that are leaving. And I actually love calling these companies in saying, hi, and I get the president of the company. And I say, Hi

Donald Trump: Please. And we've had great success. You'll be seeing a lot more success.

Donald Trump: On the military, we will show the whole world that America is strong again. We're going to have a very strong military. [Applause]

Donald Trump: I mean, there's rarely been a time when we needed a strong military and a smart military more than we have now. Right? There's rarely been a time.

Donald Trump: We will rebuild our badly depleted military and ensure that our servicemembers have the equipment, training, technology and resources they need to get the job done... [Applause]

Donald Trump: ... to get the job done.

Donald Trump: Now, I have to say this. Hopefully, we will never have to use the power that we're building. We don't want to use it. We believe in peace through strength. We don't want to use it, but it's got to be there. It's going to be there. [Applause]

Donald Trump: At the same time, we will ensure our veterans have the best medical care in the world, including the best health care for our female veterans who have also been the forgotten people. [Applause]

Donald Trump: There are a lot of forgotten people in this country, a lot of forgotten people. We'll be very strongly focused on female veterans who have really had a tougher than almost anybody.

Donald Trump: On childcare...

Audience: [Off Microphone]

Donald Trump: Thank you. That's very nice.

Donald Trump: On childcare, I am asking Congress to pass legislation to make safe and affordable childcare accessible to all, while fighting to get higher pay for women -- women in the workforce -- that's what has to happen -- and ensuring women on small businesses can access the capital they need. We're going to be working on plans for companies, not only women, but for companies to access the capital from banks.

Donald Trump: Right now, there is no capital. You can't get a loan. And we will open it up and you'll be able to get loans and you're going to do great. We're going to hire a lot of people and you're going to expand your businesses. It's going to be a beautiful thing. it's going to be a beautiful thing. [Applause]

Donald Trump: It has to happen. So many people can't get jobs. The unemployment number, as you know, is totally fiction.

Donald Trump: If you look for a job for six months and then you give up, they consider you you give up. You just give up. You go home. You say, Darling

Donald Trump: We want to support every young woman in America who dreams of starting and owning a small business because that dream has not been a dream for the last long period of time. [Applause]

Donald Trump: On health care reform -- and I want to tell you, and I want to thank the women because I kept hearing for months, I'm not going to do well with women. I kept saying, why? What's wrong with women? I think women are -- I said, I'll trade the men for the women, right? [Applause]

Donald Trump: I'll trade the men, I wanted them.

Donald Trump: And then we had the election and I did great with women. I lead in many categories, and every time we'd have a rally, I have the beautiful pink signs up, right, Women for Trump, Women for Trump. And then I'd go home and turn on the television to see how massive my crowd was, and you'd never show it? They would never show it. But they talk about women.

Donald Trump: Guess what? We did great with women. [Applause]

Donald Trump: African-American, the African-American communities -- unbelievable -- much, much more than in the past for other people. I heard that was going to be off, and it was fantastic. Plus, a lot didn't go out and vote for Hillary, in all fairness.

Donald Trump: Hispanic community, incredible.

Donald Trump: Now with males I set records, but who cares, right? [Applause]

Donald Trump: Who cares, right? Who cares about the males? I'd like to switch it. I'd rather set the records with the women, but we did very well with women. We did well with all groups.

Donald Trump: I'll tell you where we really did well, an all-time record, not even close -- Evangelicals. I love you. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Evangelicals. We had such great help -- the pastors, the ministers. We had such great help, and I won't go into great detail, but we will get rid of the Johnson amendment, OK? I promise you that. The Johnson amendment, a disaster.

Donald Trump: On health care reform, every day the law known as Obamacare... [Booing]

Donald Trump: ... is destabilizing our health care system, surging premiums and forcing providers out of the market. They are out of the market. Nobody to talk to, nobody to talk to. If we don't act quickly, the damage will be irreversible and our country cannot afford it, not only can't you afford it, our country can't afford it. That's why we will and must repeal and replace Obamacare. We have no choice. [Applause]

Donald Trump: You know, premiums, in some states, great state of Arizona, another one I won by a lot that I was supposed to be like really close. But he states -- the beginning of the year, you know, I'm saying this is like a lot of fun. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: But Arizona was great to me, but Obamacare is up 116 percent. It's going to be much higher.

Donald Trump: So we're going to get that taken care of. On crime, the murder rate has experienced its largest increase in 45 years. We're going to support the incredible men and women of law enforcement. [Applause]

Donald Trump: And we are going to bring this terrible crime wave to an end.

Donald Trump: On immigration, will build the wall... [Applause]

Donald Trump: ... and we will put an end to illegal immigration and stop the drugs from pouring into our country. The drugs are pouring into our country, poisoning our youth and plenty of other people. We -- we will stop the drugs from pouring into our country. We will stop the drugs from poisoning our great and beautiful, and loving youth. OK? We're going to do it. [Applause]

Donald Trump: And we have a man that we'll be introducing pretty soon next week who is going to do a phenomenal job called Homeland Security. It used to be a political appointment, now it's like the most important appointment. And he's going to do a terrific job. And he and his people are going to keep you safe. They are going to keep you safe. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Not going to be games. These are no longer political appointments. These are talented people, smart people where they have to be their tough people. Is it OK to have some tough people [Inaudible], you know? Because the enemy is tough, right? I think the enemy is pretty tough, right? So I think we need some tough people, but we have smart people and great people.

Donald Trump: During this campaign I had a chance to meet the incredible family of Sarah Root, an Iowan native killed at the age of 21 by an illegal immigrant, who is released from custody two separate times.

Donald Trump: A Trump administration will stop the violence that is building across our border. And believe you've seen now, it is unbelievable how much there is., And we will fight to protect every last American life and life -- and life. [Applause]

Donald Trump: During the campaign, I also spent time with American workers who were laid off and forced to train the foreign workers brought in to replace them. We won't let this happen anymore. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Can you believe that? You get laid off, and then they won't give you your severance pay unless you train the people that are replacing you. I mean, that's -- that's actually demeaning, maybe more than anything else.

Donald Trump: And you know the name of one of the companies that's doing it. I won't - I'm going to be nice because we're trying to get that company back.

Donald Trump: Don't forget, it's much harder when a company announced a year and a half ago. Some of these companies like Carrier, they announced long before I even knew I was going to be running for president. [Applause]

Donald Trump: By the way, [Inaudible] for president that day, so what the heck? The movement, it's a movement, but that's a lot of hard -- it's very hard to tell somebody, We don't want you to leave. We don't want you to go to Mexico or wherever you're going

Donald Trump: That's not a great position. And yet we still kept so many of those workers, so that was a good job. And I'll tell you, our - our governor who will soon be our vice president, Indiana - we call them Indiana Mike. He is -- he is a great guy. That's one of my great decisions. He's a friend of mine, but he's a great guy. Hasn't he done a good job? Mike Pence. [Applause]

Donald Trump: He's done such a good job.

Donald Trump: One of my first executive orders will be to ask the Department of Labor to investigate all these abuses that undermine jobs and wages for the American worker. [Applause]

Donald Trump: To protect our country from terrorism and extremism.

Donald Trump: We will suspend immigration from regions where it cannot be safely processed or vetted. You know, I've used the expression extreme vetting." Extreme

Donald Trump: We want people coming into our country, we want them coming in legally, but we want them coming in legally, but we want them coming in. You know, when I talked about we will a wall, we will. There's going to be door, big beautiful doors.

Donald Trump: We're going to people coming in to the country, but they're going to come in through a process, they're got come in legally, and we're going to see that these people have true capability to love us, to love us, not to hate us, to love us. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Earlier today I visited the campus of Ohio State University, great, great place, to meet with victims of the terrible attack that occurred only days ago along with the first responders who were terrific did a phenomenal job. Saved a lot of lives. Our whole nation extends our prayers. It's true.

Donald Trump: That man was a young guy. Give him applause, come on. [Applause]

Donald Trump: He might be watching.

Donald Trump: So our whole nation extends our prayers, our support and really our solidarity because we are solid, we're going to be together. We're going to have be strong stronger together nation, so

Donald Trump: You know, I was lucky enough to receive the Time Person of the Year. They use to call it Man of the Year... [Applause]""ou know

Donald Trump: ... but they can't do that anymore, so they call it Person. They want to be politically correct. That's OK.

Donald Trump: And they talked about -heads up -- a divided nation on the cover. They gave me this other, then they have to go a little bit of this stuff -- a divided. I said, I haven't been president

Donald Trump: We're not going to have a divided nation.

Donald Trump: And I want to applaud the University Leadership and students for their response to the attack and their police department really have done a terrific job. And it's swift, lifesaving work. I mean, they have really been. It was [Inaudible] by men up to today, they were great people.

Donald Trump: This horrific [Inaudible] is yet is you one more tragic reminder that immigration security is now national security. No more games, folks. No more games. [Applause]

Donald Trump: No more games.

Donald Trump: A Trump administration will always put the safety and security of the American people first. It's going to be the American People First. It hasn't been that way. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Hasn't that that way. You know, when I look at these that trade deals that I have been studying the much over the last while, I think they meant to make them good for other nations, or maybe that was the concept, because I say, how can the agreement be so bad? Is it possible to be so bad? I believe that they they meant to make it good, maybe to help the other nations, but they are killing us. Are we tired of this? They're killing us, OK? [Applause]

Donald Trump: How many of these can you do? So we'll change them around and we'll get it going. And you see what's going on, you see what's going on on Wall Street. It's a beautiful thing.

Donald Trump: All over the world they're talking about our country, and we haven't even started yet, right? Wait until we start. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Wait until we start -- such potential.

Audience: [Off Microphone]

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Donald Trump: We want to see Apple, and we want to see these great companies start building plants in the United States. That's what I want to see. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Big plants -- their biggest plants. [Inaudible] reform will be a crucial part of our 100-day plan as well. We're going to drain the swamp... [Applause]

Donald Trump: ... of corruption in Washington, D.C.

Donald Trump: Funny how that term caught on, isn't it? I tell -- I tell I hated it. Somebody said drain the swamp. I said, Oh

Donald Trump: So like a month ago I said, Drain the swamp." The place went crazy. I said

Donald Trump: And then I said it, I started loving it." And the [Inaudible] "Let's drain the swamp." I mean

Donald Trump: I will impose a five-year ban on the executive branch officials becoming lobbyists and a lifetime ban on officials becoming lobbyists for a foreign government. [Applause]

Donald Trump: We can do it. We can do it. Not going to help.

Donald Trump: We faced many challenges, but this is truly an exciting time to be alive. The script is not yet written. We do not know what the page will read tomorrow, but for the first time in a long time, what we do know is that the pages will be authored by each and every one of you. [Applause]

Donald Trump: You, the American people, will be in charge. Your voice, your desires, your hopes and aspirations will never again fall on deaf ears. You will be the captains of your own destiny, and that's what happened during this election. People came down, and people came out, great Americans. They love the country more than anyone, but they haven't voted in 20 years and 30 years. Some of them have never voted at all, and they came out and they stood in line for four hours and five hours. And all of these geniuses said, Where did these people come from? Where did they come from? Oh

Donald Trump: Now they know, right? [Applause]

Donald Trump: Together, we will raise incomes and create millions and millions of new jobs. We will lower taxes, unleash American energy, and bring thousands of new companies to our shores, and we won't let our companies leave. [Applause]

Donald Trump: We will reestablish the rule of law and appoint justices to the United States Supreme Court who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States. [Applause]

Donald Trump: So important. You don't know what you did when you put me in this position because now we are going to have just that one subject was so important, if nothing else, Supreme Court.

Donald Trump: I used to say, if nothing else, you know they have the never Trumps right, the never Trumpers, never Trumpers. By the way, they're on respirator right now. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: They're, for the most part, gone.

Donald Trump: We had a few never Trump, and now they call themselves only Trump, right? But I will tell you, I used to go into a room early on, and I had some never Trumpers in there. I'd say if no other reason, the Supreme Court of the United States -- nothing else -- forget about everything else, right? She knows.

Donald Trump: We will fight for the great schools and safe neighborhoods. We will restore respect for America and the American flag. We will heal our divisions and unify our country. When you Americans are unified, there is nothing, nothing we cannot do. [Applause]

Donald Trump: No task is too great, no dream too large, no goal beyond our reach. [Applause]

Audience: [Off Microphone]

Donald Trump: My message tonight is for all Americans, from all parties, all beliefs, all walks of life. No matter your age, your income, your background, I am asking you to join this incredible movement. I am asking you to dream big and bold and daring things for your country. I am asking you to believe in yourself, and I am asking you to believe again in America. It's going to be great. It's going to be great. [Applause]

Donald Trump: And if we do that, then altogether, we will make America strong again. We will make America rich again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Iowa. Thank you. Thank you very much. God bless you, Iowa.