Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-washington-dc-january-19-2017

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you very much everybody, and thank you Tom.

Donald Trump: I'd like to congratulate our incredible entertainers tonight. Toby, and Lee Greenwood and all of the great talent.

Donald Trump: It was really very special. I also have to thank our incredible military right here.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Stand up, please. You guys were really great. Thank you.

Donald Trump: So this journey began 18 months ago. I had something to do with it, but you had much more to do with it than I did.

Donald Trump: I'm the messenger. I'm just the messenger. And we were tired. And I love you.

Donald Trump: Believe me, I love you. We all got tired of seeing what was happening.

Donald Trump: And we wanted change, but we wanted real change. And I look so forward to tomorrow.

Donald Trump: We're going to see something that is going to be so amazing. So many people have poured into Washington, D.C.

Donald Trump: This started out tonight being a small little concert, and then we had the idea maybe we'll do it in front of the Lincoln Memorial. I don't know if it's ever been done before.

Donald Trump: But if it has, very seldom. And the people came by the thousands and thousands, and here we are tonight, all the way back.

Donald Trump: All the way back. So it's a movement that began, it's a movement that started, and it's a movement like we've never seen anywhere in the world, they say.

Donald Trump: There's never been a movement like this and it's something very, very special. And we're going to unify our country, and our phrase -- you all know it, half of you are wearing the hat -- "Make America Great Again." But we're going to make America great for all of our people, everybody.

Donald Trump: Everybody throughout our country. That includes the inner cities, that includes everybody.

Donald Trump: And we're going to do a special job, and I can only tell you that 18 months ago, we never knew, a lot of people didn't know, some people had a feeling. A lot of people didn't give us much of a chance, but we understood what was happening.

Donald Trump: And that last month of the campaign, when I traveled around to every place that you can imagine. State after state after state, speech after speech.

Donald Trump: And we had ten thousand, twenty thousand, thirty thousand people. There was never an empty seat, just like tonight.

Donald Trump: We didn't know if anybody would even come tonight. This hasn't been done before.

Donald Trump: And you look. It was the same way.

Donald Trump: And we all knew that last month of the campaign. I think a lot of us knew the first week of the campaign, but that last month of the campaign we knew that something special was happening.

Donald Trump: And I can only tell you this: The polls started going up, up, up, but they didn't want to give us credit. Because they forgot about a lot of us.

Donald Trump: On the campaign I called it "the forgotten man" and "the forgotten woman." Well, you're not forgotten anymore. That I can tell you.

Donald Trump: Not forgotten anymore.

Donald Trump: So I want to thank my great family, my incredible wife Melania. They've been so supportive, and it wasn't easy for them.

Donald Trump: But they have been so supportive. I want to thank you, most importantly.

Donald Trump: And I promise you that I will work so hard. We're going to get it turned around.

Donald Trump: We're going to get our jobs back. We're not going to let other countries take our jobs any longer.

Donald Trump: We're going to build up our great military. We're going to build it up.

Donald Trump: We're going to strengthen our borders. We're going to do things that haven't been done for our country for many, many decades.

Donald Trump: It's going to change. I promise you it's going to change.

Donald Trump: So I'll see you tomorrow. And I don't care frankly if it's going to be beautiful or if it's going to rain like crazy.

Donald Trump: Makes no difference to me. I have a feeling it's going to be beautiful.

Donald Trump: But I will see you tomorrow, and I'm going to be cheering you on. You're going to cheer me on, but I'm going to be cheering you on.

Donald Trump: Because what we've done is so special. All over the world they're talking about it.

Donald Trump: All over the world. And I love you folks, and we're going to work together.

Donald Trump: And we are going to -- make America great again. And I'll add: Greater than ever before! Thank you very much and enjoy the fireworks.

Donald Trump: Thank you everybody.