Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-nrcc-dinner-march-21-2017

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you. Wow. You know, I asked how many people would be here tonight. They said a couple of hundred, it was just like a little fund-raiser. They didn't say you broke -- 23 years you broke the all-time record tonight, $30.1 million, and broke it by $10 million. That's not so close. So congratulations. We're going to have a great eight years together. [Applause]

Donald Trump: And Rasmussen just came out with a very good poll. You'll be liking this poll. This poll is good. We're going to do a good job. More importantly, we're going to do a great job. And they we're going to win it the old-fashioned way. We're just going to win it. I want to thank everybody.

Donald Trump: This is a lot more than 200 people. This is a hell of a big room. That's far back. Can you see over there? See, I would've gotten rid of these columns actually. [Laughter] That's construction man. But that was a long time ago. They didn't do that.

Donald Trump: Well, it's an honor to address you tonight and thank each and every one of you for your role in helping to build, sustain and grow a truly strong Republican Party again. In this effort we will be working hand-in-hand with our House leadership team. I've really got to know them and they are winners and they are terrific people. Terrific people. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Speaker Paul Ryan, Leader Kevin McCarthy, Majority Whip Steve Scalise, and conference chairwoman Cathy McMorris Rodgers. What a group. Great group. Also with us tonight, a man who I have a lot of respect for, gave me a very early endorsement. Former Vice President Dick Cheney. Along with his daughter Congresswoman Liz Cheney. Thank you, Dick. Thank you, Liz. [Applause]

Donald Trump: I also want to thank the chairman of the Republican Congressional -- I mean, look, what a group -- committee. Where is Steve? They lost him backstage. Steve Stivers, where is he. Steve, what the hell happened? Everyone's looking. The second time he's been introduced. Steve, are you there? No.

Donald Trump: Come here, Steve. What a job you did. Come here, Steve. He's embarrassed. Come here, come on. Get up here, Steve. Come here. [Applause] Say thanks, everybody. That's a real worker. No talk, all action, right? We like people like that. Congratulations to Steve.

Donald Trump: And March dinner chairman, Steve Womack and the NRCC finance chair, Ann Wagner. Thank you. Thank you, Ann. [Applause] The work of the NRCC never ends. In fact, we have four special elections currently underway. In Georgia. We won. Montana. We won. Kansas. We won. And South Carolina. We love South Carolina. That's some group. Where South Carolina? Oh, we love South Carolina. Remember, I was supposed to lose that one big and we won by 21 points, and that's when I found out these polls are rigged. They were rigged. Thank you, South Carolina. I learned a lot in South Carolina.

Donald Trump: My nominees from Montana and Kansas are here with us this evening. Greg Gianforte and Ron Estes. Thank you. Thank you very much. [Applause] On November 8th, the American people voted for historic change, and they also voted for serious action. By delivering the House, the Senate and the White House, the American people gave us clear instructions. It's time to get to work and to get the job done. [Applause]

Donald Trump: That legislative effort begins with Thursday's crucial vote, and it really is a crucial vote for the Republican Party and for the people of our country, to finally repeal and replace the disaster known as Obamacare. That's what it is, a disaster. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Premiums have soared double digits and even triple digits. Insurance companies are fleeing. One-third of counties only have one Obamacare insurer left. I was in Tennessee four nights ago. They've lost half the state. The insurance companies are gone, and they are going to lose the next one pretty soon from what they say.

Donald Trump: Last night in Kentucky we had a tremendous crowd, 25,000 people, more, and a similar crowd in Tennessee by the way. Packed. Thousands of people outside. They couldn't get them into these massive arenas. There's something going on that's really incredible in this country. It's really incredible. But Kentucky also is having a tremendous problem, as you know, and as you read with Obamacare, and many other states.

Donald Trump: The House bill ends the Obamacare nightmare and gives health care decisions back to the states and back to the American people. These are the conservative solutions we campaigned on, and these are the conservative solutions the American people asked us as a group to deliver.

Donald Trump: We are keeping our promises. I go to these arenas that have signs all over the place, he's kept his promise, he's kept his promise, because I've done a lot of work. The border is in the best shape it's been in in decades. Down 61 percent since the inauguration. [Applause]

Donald Trump: General Kelly, you know, they used to put political people. I refuse to say political hacks because I would not say that, because there is no such thing as a political hack. But they would put nice political people at the border. I put General Kelly, recommended by 'Mad Dog' Mattis. [Applause]

Donald Trump: I said to him, General Mattis, I said, General, I need somebody really smart and really tough for the border. Sir, I have the man. General Kelly. As soon as I saw him it was like the interview lasted for about 30 seconds. I said, he's the right guy. And he's been great. And General Mattis has been great. You see what's going on. Big difference.

Donald Trump: It's been 60 days since my inauguration, and that was a promise that I really kept. As you saw today in the Senate, I nominated a Supreme Court justice who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States. [Applause]

Donald Trump: I've taken historic action to eliminate unnecessary job killing regulations, and we've just started on that one. But we've gotten rid of a lot of them. That includes eliminating regulations crushing our coal industry. We're going to put our great coal miners back to work. Clean coal, clean coal. [Applause]

Donald Trump: I've cleared the way for the Dakota Access and Keystone XL pipelines and added a requirement that American pipelines be constructed with American steel. That was the last minute. I said, where we getting this steel? I won't tell you where, but you can guess. I said, from now on we've got to build them here. You want to put pipelines under our lands, you're going to make the pipe in this country. [Applause]

Donald Trump: And one other thing happened. I have to tell you, it's sort of interesting. So I get a call from the ex-president of Goldman Sachs, who now works for us, Gary Cohn. I said to him, Gary, let me ask you. I heard there was a lawsuit. I hear the pipeline company is suing us. I said, how much? $14 billion.

Donald Trump: I said, wait a minute. I'm approving the pipeline and they are suing us for $14 billion and I've already approved it, right? I said, I just heard it. Go back to them and tell them if they don't drop the suit immediately, we are going to terminate the deal. You know, being president gives you great power, right?

Donald Trump: So I just saw him this morning. I said, by the way, how are you doing? He said, sir, they dropped the suit. Good. Isn't it easier? Look, do you think Hillary does that? I don't think so. I don't think so. Isn't that easier, though, that settling for like $4 billion seven years from now? But the lawyers aren't happy at all. They don't like it. We've got a lot of lawyers in this crowd. They're not happy about that deal.

Donald Trump: Because of the new business climate that we are creating, jobs are already starting to pour back in. Companies like Sprint, Intel, Exxon, Mobil, where a great man, Rex Tillerson, is doing an incredible job. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Ran the company for many years and ran it well. Walmart, Ford, Fiat, Chrysler, General Motors have all announced that they are keeping or adding tens of thousands of jobs right here in America. Big difference. You used to hear that they were all leaving. Now they are all coming back. They are coming back too, believe me, because if they don't, we are taxing the hell out of their products, so you know they're coming back. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: Why didn't somebody start doing that 25 years ago? One company said, sir, we're building a big plant. There's nothing we can do to stop it. It's already under construction. I said, here's the story. When you make your cars, or whatever, and you fire all our American employees and then you think in your new plant, beautiful new plant, congratulations, you're going to sell that product across our border tax-free, you're wrong. Thirty-five percent tax. It's amazing how quickly they say, you know, I think we decided to stay in the United States.

Donald Trump: I'd only wonder, why didn't somebody do this 25 years ago? We would've had nobody leaving. So far I think I'm batting about 100 percent. To save taxpayer dollars I've already begun negotiating better contracts for the federal government, saving over $700 million I just one set of airplanes, of which there are many sets. As I promised during the campaign, I have proposed a budget for the defense sequester and fully rebuilds the United States military. We need it more than ever. We need it more than ever. We've got a lot of haters out there. They hate. [Applause]

Donald Trump: We've got some people running some countries that are bad people. We will take care of them. We will ensure that the American warrior -- and if you think about it, the great American warriors, because that's what they are -- are given the tools, the funding, the resources, the training and equipment they so richly deserve. They are warriors and they have old equipment. They're not going to have old equipment much longer.

Donald Trump: And we will take care of our great veterans. What's happening there is going to be incredible. Finally we're going to take care of our veterans. [Applause] Our defense expansion will fully pay, and this will be something that is so important, it will be fully paid by making government leaner, more accountable and just perfect for our people. But I will tell you, if it's not fully paid -- because we are doing a big number with the planes and the ships. You know, our Navy is at World War I levels. Can you believe that? World War I levels.

Donald Trump: So we don't fully pay, we're going to do a little work, but we're going to get our military rebuilt, bigger and better and stronger than ever because we have no choice, folks. Some bad players out there. It's going to go quickly. [Applause]

Donald Trump: I have also followed through on my promise to secure, protect and defend the borders of the United States, and yes, we will build a great border wall at our southern border. Will be built. [Applause]

Donald Trump: These security actions will save billions of dollars, millions of jobs and thousands and thousands of lives. We are also taking decisive action to improve our vetting procedures. The courts are not helping us, I have to be honest with you. It's ridiculous. Somebody said I should not criticize judges. OK, I'll criticize judges. To keep criminals and terrorists the hell out of our country.

Donald Trump: We are keeping these promises and many, many more. After we repeal and replace Obamacare, our Republican majority will pass massive, historic tax reform. The biggest tax cut since Ronald Reagan, and potentially even bigger. Going to be very big. [Applause]

Donald Trump: And by the way, we had to go. Had no choice, had to go with the health care first. You know how it works. This is one room that really does know how it works. But we had to go with the health care first, and we are doing well. I think we're going to have some great surprises. I hope that is going to work out.

Donald Trump: Then we immediately start on the tax cuts, and they are going to be really fantastic and I am looking forward to that one. That one is going to be fun. That's called the wheelhouse. We're going to do a great job for companies, we're going to bring back could be $3 trillion to $5 trillion from overseas, money that can't be brought back. It's part of our taxes. [Applause]

Donald Trump: And it will lower the business tax rate from one of the highest in the world to one of the most competitive anywhere in the world. Way, way down. [Applause] We will do everything we can to lower business burdens and to make it easier for our businesses to thrive and compete. But in exchange they must hire, invest and grow in America. We are not giving them anything, okay.

Donald Trump: They've got to do that. That's the one thing. Working with the automobile industry, who have been played around with. And I'm saying, we'll do things for you but you've got to build new plants all over the place. You've got to build new plants in our country. And they are doing it. They are starting. It's going to be amazing.

Donald Trump: I've called this model, the model that you been watching, the model that's created so much value, the model of bringing back jobs and bring back industry, I called that the American model. [Applause]

Donald Trump: And this is the system that our founders wanted. Our greatest American leaders, including George Washington, Hamilton, Jackson, Lincoln, they all agreed that for America to be a strong nation, it must also be a great manufacturing nation. You have to make money. The Republican platform of 1896, more than a century ago, stated that protection and reciprocity are twin measures of American policy and go hand in hand.

Donald Trump: I mean, we have situations where other countries who have zero respect for our country -- by the way, did you notice they are starting to respect us a lot? A lot. A lot. They will charge us 100 percent tax in some countries, 100 percent, and we charge them nothing. They will make it impossible through regulations for our product to be sold in their country, and yet they will sell their product routinely in our country. Not going to happen anymore the word reciprocity, they do it, we do it. Who can complain about that? Big difference. You're talking about big, big dollars too, by the way.

Donald Trump: The platform went on to say, we renew and emphasize our allegiance to the policy of protection as a bulwark of American industrial independence, and the foundation of American development and prosperity. Now these are some of our greatest leaders, some of whom were great businesspeople. They understood we have to do it.

Donald Trump: And just so you understand, I'm a free trader, but free trade has been very unfair trade. So I now say I'm a fair trader. And I want to trade all over the world. I don't want to have it just here, but we are going to be beneficiaries from now on. We're not going to be the people that are taken advantage of any longer. That's been happening for decades and decades. Not going to happen any longer, and they know it. [Applause]

Donald Trump: One country came in to see me recently, big country, good country, great person. One of his first questions, sir, how much will you be charging us? It's like he knew. He knew. He knew they've been ripping us for years and he finally saw somebody that understands, so one of those things.

Donald Trump: You don't mind having a rich nation again and having lower taxes, do you? Does anybody here mind? If anybody minds, please stand up. I know Dick Cheney will not stand on this one. Please stand up. As long as the GOP stands for made in the USA -- remember the old days, cars made in the USA, right? We don't have that too much anymore. We're going to have it again soon. I'm telling all the car companies, put a big label, made in the USA. It's going to stand for quality.

Donald Trump: Our party will have a very, very bright future. It is fitting that we are in the National Building Museum. Since its founding, the Republican Party has been a party of builders. Many of the great builders are in this audience tonight. Some of them I have to compete with, and actually I don't like very many of them, but you know. Some of them I do. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: Some of them I truly dislike a lot. But now I like everybody. I like all the great builders. See, now it's different. Now we're all on the same side, so I like -- see the guy over there? I couldn't stand that guy for years. He did a good job but I couldn't stand him. Now I like you.

Donald Trump: Our first Republican president, Abraham Lincoln, ran his first campaign for public office in 1832, when he was only 23 years old. He began by measuring the benefits a railroad could bring to his port of Illinois, without ever having seen a steam powered train. He had no idea, and yet he knew what it could be.

Donald Trump: Thirty years later, as president, Lincoln signed a law that built the first transcontinental railroad, uniting our country from ocean to ocean. Great president. Most people don't even know he was a Republican, right. Does anyone know? A lot of people don't know that. We have to build that up a little bit more. Let's take an ad, let's use one of those PACs. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: Those PACs. You never know what the hell is going to come out of those PACs. You think they're friendly. Although the best ad I ever had was one done against me by Hillary. It was so good I said, I hope she keeps running that ad.

Donald Trump: Another great Republican president, Dwight Eisenhower, had a vision of a national infrastructure plan. As an officer in the Army after World War I, he joined a military convoy that trekked across the nation to the Pacific Coast. It traveled along the Lincoln Highway, called then the Lincoln Highway.

Donald Trump: Its journey began by the South lawn of the White House, and a monument known today as zero milestone. Does anybody know where that is? The journey made a great impression on then-young Eisenhower. More than three decades later, as president, he signed a bill that created our great interstate highway system, once again uniting us as a nation.

Donald Trump: Now is the time for a new Republican administration, working with our Republican Congress, to pass the next great infrastructure bill. [Applause] Our party must dream is big and as full as Lincoln and Eisenhower. Together Republicans will lead America into our unbelievable future. We have so much potential. We have so much potential. I see it now even more than I saw it in this great campaign, which turned out to be a movement, a movement like the world has never seen before actually.

Donald Trump: You know, it's funny, I've said that so often, they don't even correct me. The, you know, fake media. They never correct me because it's true. Oh, believe me, if it's off by one hundredth of a percent, is like I end up getting Pinocchios, right? They don't even correct me. One of the great movements of all time.

Donald Trump: Imagine -- and it's not my movement. It's a movement of the people. It's been something that has really been very special. I'm like a messenger. I'm nothing more than a messenger. I'm a messenger. [Applause]

Donald Trump: I did a good job as a messenger but I'm a messenger. It's been a lot of fun, too. Imagine the breakthroughs that will breathe fresh life into forgotten places. Picture the new roads that will carve pathways all across our land. And we need them. And think of the new inventions that will lift up the sights of our nation.

Donald Trump: Finally, as we imagine this new prosperity at home, let us also work to achieve real and enduring peace abroad. [Applause] People don't realize, I have to say, what a mess we inherited, what we have. I'm telling you, you look at North Korea, you look at the Middle East, you look all over, you like the horrible, horrible, horrible Iran deal. I still have not been able to figure out why anybody would have signed that deal. I asked generals. I had them in my office. I said, general, please tell me why did they sign that deal. Unbelievable. But we're going to straighten things out, folks.

Donald Trump: The best Republican presidents have not only been war fighters but also peacemakers. We will never hesitate to do what we must do keep us safe today, but we will always seek a more peaceful tomorrow. We will, and we will succeed. [Applause]

Donald Trump: If we stand for these things -- safety, prosperity and peace -- then there is no limit to what we can achieve, a future where millions are lifted from welfare to work, and they're going to love it. They're going to love it. They're going to love waking up in the morning, going to work.

Donald Trump: Communities thriving with jobs and searching with commerce. Inner cities filled with new hope and new opportunities. Schools where our children can learn free from violence and free from fear. [Applause]

Donald Trump: And new frontiers in science, technology and space that inspire the next generation of American youth. All of this and so much more is possible. Our country is great. A new national pride is stirring our souls. New optimism is sweeping our land. A new era of American greatness is just beginning.

Donald Trump: Somewhere in America tonight a child is born in poverty, looking up into the sky and filling their heart with dreams, big, beautiful, bold dreams. And if we make the right choices together then no one will ever have to tell that child that their dreams will have to wait for another day, another year or another decade. Because the waiting now is over. The time for action is now.

Donald Trump: This is the moment when great deeds are done, and we will do those great deeds. By putting our faith in the people and by putting our trust in God, we will rise to this occasion like no one has ever risen before. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Thank you so much. Thank you. Great people, great country. Thank you so much. We will prove worthy of this moment. Anything is possible if we stand together, united and strong. Not just as Republicans but as great and unified Americans. Join me in believing in this better and brighter future. Join me in building this reality, and join me in re- dedicating ourselves to the common good of this nation that we all love so much.

Donald Trump: Together we will defend our freedoms, we will defend our people, and we will defend our great and beautiful American flag. Thank you, God bless you, and God bless the United States of America. Thank you very much. [Applause]