Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-nevada-gop-party-convention-june-23-2018

Donald Trump: Thank you, Michael. Thank you. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.

Donald Trump: I want to thank Michael, he's done a great job. He is really -- he's really -- I look at some numbers before, they're looking awfully good and I give a lot of that attribution to Michael. He has been a wonderful leader in this great State that we love. I want to congratulate Senator Dean Heller on his victory and he's gonna do a tremendous job. He's going to be a continuation of a great senator. He's -- he's been with me all the way. Once we got elected.

Donald Trump: I mean, I must say, he's a little bit -- little bit shaky at the beginning, but that was when a lot of people running. But once we got in there, he's been rock solid and he's been great and he's going to do a job, and he cut your taxes and nobody fought harder to cut taxes than Dean Heller, I will tell you that. Your great Attorney General is here. Adam Laxalt.

Donald Trump: He's running against shady Steve. Well, you know, if you think of the names, right. If you think -- it's always good to, sort of, if you couldn't think of something like that. But -- but he's going to win this race so easily.

Donald Trump: I really believe, right? Where's Adam? Where's Adam? Where's Adam? Come on. Come on up here, fellas. Come on up here. Dean, come on up, Dean. Come on.

Donald Trump: Come on up. Right. Thank you. And a man that really was so fantastic and he's been like a supporter of mine for a long time.

Donald Trump: He is a very intense individual like that that's the bloodlines, you know, from this family. And boy, that father was good, he was tough. He was tough. There's only one difference, Danny's even tougher. Danny Tarkanian. Danny, come up. He's a great team player. Danny.

Donald Trump: He's a really great team player, and Dean, and myself, we really appreciate what he did, and he's going to go in there, and he's going to win in that 3rd congressional district. Right, Danny? Gonna be there for a long time. I also want to, obviously, welcome all of our Republican Party delegates. You've been here and working and striving, and look what happened.

Donald Trump: Look what happened, right. You really are -- you're the heart and soul of the party. And this is a great state. This is a state that is going to be with us and has always been with us, and we love -- and we love the people.

Donald Trump: I'm here a lot. We have a great development down the road. But now I don't think about that anymore, right. I don't think about it anymore. But I just wanted to go, because I don't think anybody's come close to doing this.

Donald Trump: You know, you read the fake news. It's fake and disgraceful, and they don't talk about it. I read a story in The New York Times recently about things that we do and they say we didn't do and it's just horrible I want to say some of the things -- because I don't believe any administration, any president has come even close to doing what we've done in the first 500 days. And I won't even mention North Korea in that 500 days.

Donald Trump: I wouldn't. But that was great -- I mean, we have a good chemistry together. Kim Jong Won, we have a great -- Chairman Kim, we have a great chemistry and we're well on our way. You know, we signed an agreement.

Donald Trump: It said, we will begin the immediate denuclearization, OK, of North Korea. It says that we already got back the hostages and I saw it today, "Well, Obama got back hostages." Yeah. He paid $1.8 billion to get them back, OK. They didn't say that.

Donald Trump: In the New York Times they don't say that. They said, "But Obama got them back too." Yeah. But he -- a little bit differently. They gave him a billion eight.

Donald Trump: In green. Can you believe this? In cash. How do you do that as president? How do you do that? But we also -- you know when I was campaigning, people would come to me and with tears in their eyes, and say, "Would it be possible to get back the remains of our father? Would it be possible to get back the remains of family members that died in the Korean War?" I said, "I don't exactly have a great relationship over there." This was before the election. I said, "You know, that's not sounding like an easy one. But I'll tell you what, I'll try." And as we're negotiating different points the other day in Singapore I asked Chairman Kim would it be possible to do that.

Donald Trump: The last thing I asked. They said, "Do you mind, because I have many people that have written, and called, and spoken to me, would I be able to get the remains back of all those great heroes that we have from so many years ago." And he said, "I will do that." And you probably read they've already done 200 people, which is so great. So great. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you, that's so nice.

Donald Trump: And -- and remember, just recently I got a call from the Prime Minister of Japan, Prime Minister Abe, and Japan is so thankful there's no rockets flying over Japan. You know, they were flying right over Japan and they weren't so happy. And you know, the Japanese are great warriors, they're great warriors and that was not a good thing. And they're so happy that they don't have that.

Donald Trump: They were having rockets and they were testing rockets. You haven't had a rocket or tests in seven months, eight months, long time now. It used to be every week, would have for another nuclear test, the rocket test, they blown up their nuclear site, their testing site. They've gotten rid of in the process of getting rid of their engine site for ballistic missiles lot.

Donald Trump: We're just -- developing a very special kind of a situation where hopefully in the future, 'cause you look at locationally, you look at it from any standpoint. North Korea has tremendous potential. Chairman Kim sees that and a lot of tremendous things are going to happen. We were really helped by South Korea, President Moon. We were tremendously helped by Japan. We were really helped also by President Xi of China with the border. Now we have to work on our trade with China because it's been very tough on our country for very many years.

Donald Trump: Our presidents did nothing about it and we probably lost last year $500 billion in trade to China. Think of it. Five hundred billion. So we've started the process and I think that'll work out with China because we have a very good relationship with the president, with President Xi, is incredible. So I think that'll work out.

Donald Trump: We're working on NAFTA deal. NAFTA's been a disaster for us. You know, Mexico makes over $100 billion a year. It's hard to believe. It's -- you know, you say these numbers. Hundred billion dollar.

Donald Trump: Not trillion not 100 Billion, not million, fortunately, not trillion, very fortunately. But think of it. So a hundred billion dollars a year we lose on trade with Mexico, on top of that they have a tax. That tax at 17% that we don't have.

Donald Trump: So they make our cars, a lot of car companies went there and they send them back over the border, had virtually no tax, and we lost a tremendous amount. Now they make a big percentage of our cars. It's not fair. So we're renegotiating NAFTA and I think when it's finished it's going to be fair, it's going to be a fair deal. It's got to be fair, we can't do this any longer. We can't do it any longer. And Canada charges are 275% tariff on dairy products going into Canada.

Donald Trump: It's ridiculous. And then they act like, you know, it's like, you probably read over the last couple of weeks with the Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, he's a nice guy, but we can't have it, we can't have it. Two hundred and seventy-five percent tariff and we can't have it because basically that's a barrier. They say we don't want your product.

Donald Trump: They tell the farmers up in Wisconsin and all of the different places. We don't want your product. Two hundred seventy-five is like having a barrier, of which they do have barriers, and which many other countries have barriers. So we're working on Canada, we're working on Mexico, we're working on the European Union. We're working on China. And everybody now is coming back.

Donald Trump: Have you been seeing what's going on with our steel industry. We put steel tariffs on. U.S. Steel is now building six plants are expanding.

Donald Trump: The steel company today announced a 500-million-dollar plant, and that's first plant built in many, many years, it's a long time. The steel industry started. And we need steel in this country. We need steel including for national defense. We have to have steel. So a lot of things are happening. The trade stuff is coming along, just starting but it's going to happen because, you know, with the piggy bank that everybody likes to rob from, they like to steal from.

Donald Trump: And unfortunately -- and we have great allies, great friends. We protect them for a very small cost. If you look at NATO, we protect them for a tiny fraction of what it would cost, which is unfair also. But we won't even get into that, we're having a meeting in July we'll talk about it.

Donald Trump: But in so many ways our country has taken advantage of and we're settling it up and we're gonna all be friends, we could all be happy, but we have to do these things. So with the European Union we're losing last year $151 billion. Hundred and fifty-one billion. They don't want our farm products.

Donald Trump: They tax our cars very heavily and really don't want them. They really have a barrier, and yet we take in Mercedes we take and BMWs by the millions. And it's not fair, it's not fair and we charge them almost nothing. And it's not fair.

Donald Trump: So when they charge us that we have to say respectfully, "I'm sorry, but you know, we're going to have to tax your cars if you're taxing everything else and you're not going to take our farmers products." We make the greatest products in so many different ways and they don't want them. And that's OK. But then you're going to have to pay. You just can't come in and do that.

Donald Trump: We can't lose $151 billion with the European Union. We can't lose $100 billion with Mexico. So the trade deals are actually coming along. And honestly, they're talking, you know when they have the tariff like that put on they want to talk.

Donald Trump: They didn't talk to Bush, they didn't talk to Obama. President Obama, they said, "We're not going to talk to you about trade. Why would we talk to you." And they said, "OK. Great.

Donald Trump: Let's leave it for Trump. Let's leave North Korea for Trump. Let's leave trade for Trump. Let's leave immigration for Trump.

Donald Trump: We'll leave it for Trump." They left us a lot. But I'm actually having a good time. Thank you. I'm actually having a good time. We're doing our job. And on immigration, we have to be very strong.

Donald Trump: I mean, everybody sees but this the same site that Obama had, that Bush had. Same site, the same thing. In fact they said, " Look at this site. Look at President Trump.

Donald Trump: Look at this picture." Excuse me. It was 2014. It was President Obama. OK. Our people are actually doing a very good job handling a very difficult situation but this is a problem that should have been solved years ago.

Donald Trump: So we're working very hard. The fact is, we need more Republicans because the Democrats are obstructionists, they won't vote. They're total obstructionist. They don't want to vote.

Donald Trump: Nancy Pelosi, Chuck Schumer, they just want -- they want to use the issue and I like the issue for election too. Our issue is strong borders, no crime. Their issue is, open borders, let MS-13 all over our country, that's what's going to happen if you listen to them. So we're being very, very tough at the border. In fact, until just recently, we had a 70-year low coming through. And by the way, we want people to come into our country, but we want them to come in for merit, through merit.

Donald Trump: We want a merit-based system, so they can help us. You know, we have tremendous numbers of companies coming in. We have a 3.8 unemployment number, which nobody thought was even possible. And we have a 3.8 -- We need people to come in, but they have to be people that love this country, can love our country and can really help us to Make America Great Again, which is what we're doing way ahead of schedule.

Donald Trump: So since Election Day, we've created -- and this is hard to believe because nobody in the news back there, fake news, if I would have said this during the campaign. We've created 3.4 million new jobs since Election Day. Three point four. If I would have said that during the campaign prior to the election without the numbers they would have said, "You have to be kidding." How about our GDP numbers? How about that? I mean, even worse. Unemploy...

Donald Trump: think of this, unemployment climbs are at a 44-year low as of last month. Unemployment for African-Americans is the lowest level in history. Remember I used to say at the rallies, What-do-you-have-to-lose method. What do you have to lose? Because they always went with -- African-Americans always voted for the most part for Democrats.

Donald Trump: And I'm reading tremendous crime, bad education, bad this bad that, not safe, everything better. There were like 10 different points. Income levels, homeownership levels, everything. And I said, "Vote for me.

Donald Trump: What do you have to lose?" Remember? And they were smart. We did very well. We did very well. Those numbers went up.

Donald Trump: Up plenty. And up enough so we won the election, and now we have the African-Ameri... Think of it. African-American unemployment, the lowest in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: Hispanic. Any Hispanics in the audience, perhaps. Hispanic unemployment, the lowest in the history of our country. Women unemployment, the lowest in 21 years,and shortly, it will be the lowest in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: But the lowest in 21 years. That's down to 3.6%. Nobody would believe the numbers.

Donald Trump: Over three million people recently got off food stamps because were doing so well. That's a big number. And after years of stagnation and even going down, people were making more money relatively speaking 20 years ago, than they would make two years ago. And after years of stagnation, wages are rising again and jobs are looking for people.

Donald Trump: Small-business optimism has reached an all time high. It's the highest it's ever been recorded. We've signed the biggest tax cut and reform in the history of our country. That's what they do.

Donald Trump: That was where Dean and -- And I'll tell you, Dean really helped and he was there fighting hard for us. You were fighting hard. That was not easy, was it, huh? That was not easy. But Dean Heller, we owe a lot.

Donald Trump: And I have to tell you, his opponent wants to raise taxes. She wants to raise taxes. Think of it. I mean, it's ridiculous. We should mention her name or should I not. I have a great nickname for her actually, but I'm not giving. No, we shouldn't do it. All right, I won't do it.

Donald Trump: Wacky Jacky has -- you don't want her. You don't want her as your senator. You don't want her as your senator. Now that name didn't come from me, that's a name that people have known because people that know her, that's what they call her, Wacky Jacky.

Donald Trump: That's what you want for your senator? She wants to raise taxes. And I think somebody said she's in Nevada right now campaigning with Pocahontas. Right? She's campaigning with Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to, affectionately of course, as Pocahontas. They wanted me to apologize.

Donald Trump: No. I did though. I did. I did apologize to Pocahontas. To the memory of Pocahontas, I apologize. No. Wacky Jacky is campaigning with Pocahontas, you believe this? In your state.

Donald Trump: They don't know how to say "Nevada." They don't know how to say it. She called it "Nevada." OK. So when you see that that's not the senator you want. You know, your senator has to deal with your president, and your president loves the state.

Donald Trump: But I'm not increasing taxes. You have a Democratic Party, truly a Democrat. I don't like the word democratic, because it's not a democratic. Do you ever noticed they way everyone calls it the Democratic Party. It's not demo -- It's called the Democrat Party. Really is.

Donald Trump: And it doesn't flow as easily, you know, it does when you speak it sounds nicer as the Democratic Party, but you know, we're talking about people that want tax increases, they want open borders. They've got to have open borders. They want people coming in. You look at MS-13.

Donald Trump: We take them out of this country by the thousands. They're flowing, we take them out by the thousands, and we have the toughest border you can have concerning the laws of the worst of the whole country.

Donald Trump: Our immigration laws are a laughingstock all over the world. We're the only people, people walk-in, they put a foot in. Please, would you like to register? Other countries they say, "Get the hell out of here." They do that, they have to do that. We say, you know ,they want to hire now 5,000 more judges, so that a person puts the toe in the land that we have to go to trial. This is crazy what we're doing.

Donald Trump: I don't want judges, I want Border Patrol, I want ICE. We don't want judges. And the problem is, and I've said it, you know, we have great people in the house, Republicans. We get the tax bill. We didn't get one vote from Democrats in terms of the Senate. And I guess, in terms of the house, we get a vote and we cut taxes massively, and these companies that are all moving back down.

Donald Trump: Chrysler is coming back. There are so many companies are coming back. That's why we do need jobs. That's why we do have to get them in there.

Donald Trump: But we need jobs because we have all the companies. We have so much happening. They're coming to Ohio, they're coming to your state. They're coming to Pennsylvania.

Donald Trump: They're coming all over. It's incredible to see what's going on, but we have to do it in the right way. We have to have strong borders. You cannot ever allow a statement.

Donald Trump: For instance, if I got up here today and said, "We want everybody to come. We want to take care of everybody." You will -- let me tell you what would happen if I said that. Now they'll put it on that, that well they won't do. And they'll say, "Trump said we want everybody to come." These are the most dishonest people, not all of them, but many of them.

Donald Trump: They are among the most dishonest people I know. But if we did that. Everybody come -- if we did that you would have -- you're right, the word is overrun. We will have millions and millions of people pouring through our country with all of the problems that would cause with crime and schools. You would have millions.

Donald Trump: All I have to do is say, "Yes, we want to take care of everybody. We want everybody to come. Do what you want to do." Even if they show a weakness, if they see any weakness, they will come by the millions. We have to have strong borders. We're going to have the wall. We're going to have the wall. We've already started it. We've already started it. You know we've started it in San Diego.

Donald Trump: [Crowd cheering] Now we're going to have the wall and we started it. We have $1.6 billion. We've started it, we're fixing it and we're building new and we're starting it. But -- and we'll build it for a lot less money than these people think.

Donald Trump: A lot less money. But we're getting the wall built and we're going now for our second portion. And it's brutal dealing with the Democrats. They want to do nothing.

Donald Trump: Just so you understand, your delegates, you know what's going on. Your political people, you love the world of politics. Sometimes you probably go home say, "Why do I like it." But -- but when you think about it, we're dealing with a group of people that don't want to approve anything. If I -- if I said, as an example, if we gave them everything they wanted, they would say, "Don't approve it." Because they think immigration -- being weak on the border, which is therefore allowing tremendous crime to come into our country. They think that that's a good issue for them.

Donald Trump: I don't think being weak on the border or being pathetically weak on the border. I don't think that's a good issue. I may be wrong. I think I got elected largely because we are strong on the border. I really believe. So we signed the tax bill. And the tax bill was the cut was great.

Donald Trump: But we also got Anwar, which is one of the great sites in the world for energy. And we got rid of the Obamacare disastrous individual mandate. Will you pay a fortune for the privilege of not paying for health insurance? This is one of the great disasters the individual mandate, gone. Has anybody realized that? Has anybody -- was that -- they use a way you pay a lot of money for the privilege of not paying. OK. And you get no health care.

Donald Trump: And we just opened with our great Labor Secretary, Department of Labor, Cooperative and Association healthcare. It's going to be -- many of the people in this room are going to be buying it. It's going to be low-cost phenomenal, much better than Obamacare. And we're doing more in another two weeks, different forms of healthcare, and Obamacare is now going up.

Donald Trump: Every time you see an increase that's Obamacare, and Obamacare is on its last legs, it's almost finished. Don't forget I had it finished. Did we have it? It was done. Repeal and replace Obamacare.

Donald Trump: It was done until early in the morning. A man walked in and he said, "Thumbs down, thumbs down." That was not good and nobody knew he was going to do that. He campaigned on repeal and replace. He campaigned for years. "Repeal and replace. Repeal and replace." Nobody talked to him.

Donald Trump: Nobody needs -- it was a done deal. And then he walked in. Thumbs down. All right.

Donald Trump: Because we've essentially gutted it anyway and we now have really good stuff coming. And just remember if you see your numbers go up for those that are remaining it's the Democrats fault. And by the way, immigration, it's the Democrats fault. We won't get one vote. I'm telling you, if we gave up every single thing they want, they will say, "We don't want it. It's pure obstruction." Remember their word, resist, resist is their word. You remember what our word is? Huh? Right.

Donald Trump: Lots of different words. But ours is like, approve, get it done. get it done. Their word is resist.

Donald Trump: They want to resist everything. They think that's going to help them get into office. I don't think so. Especially when it comes to raising taxes, when it comes to having weak borders and crime.

Donald Trump: And when it comes to bad healthcare. They have horrible healthcare. So that's what the story is. But Anwar, and we got rid of the individual mandate.

Donald Trump: Obamacare, you're going to look at it, i's almost now, a thing of the past. Should have happened a few months ago but we had a little surprise. We were given a little early morning surprise by one of our own. One of the biggest things we've done is the record number of -- we've really knocked out regulations.

Donald Trump: At a number that nobody can believe. We've taken out more regulations, more regulations than any president, in any one of their terms, for full terms. We've approve the Keystone and the Dakota Access Pipelines. We've ended the war on energy and we've ended the war on clean coal, one of our great assets. We've withdrawn from the job killing, an unbelievably expensive Paris climate accord. That was a beauty.

Donald Trump: That was a beauty. That was going to cost more money than anybody would have ever believed.

Donald Trump: We've signed landmark accountability legislation for the V.A., where you're accountable now if you do a bad job. We fire you. And two weeks ago we passed choice, V.A. choice, where rather than waiting in line for weeks, and weeks and dying.

Donald Trump: People went in there moderately to have a minor problem, they end up it takes so long, they end up terminal. Now they go see a doctor and we pay for the doctor. These are our great Veterans. It's called V.A. choice.

Donald Trump: They've been trying to get -- they've been trying to get accountability for 40 years. They've been trying to get V.A. choice from the beginning. And you know, before I knew much about the Veterans Administration, in terms of choice, I said, "What are they used choice." I thought it was my idea.

Donald Trump: I said, "Oh, I'm so smart." What a great idea. I went to the group. They said, "Yes, sir. We've been trying to get that for 35 years." So that's all right. But I knew how to get it.

Donald Trump: We got it now. They've been trying for 35 years. We secured a record $700 billion and then next year $716 billion to bring our military to the highest level it has ever been. We need it. We confirm more circuit court judges than any other new administration, and we will set the all time record with judges including our great new Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch. We withdrew from the horrible one-sided Iran deal, and that's gonna turn out to be very good. That was one of the great embarrassments, and we moved the U.S.

Donald Trump: embassy to Jerusalem. We're renegotiating all of those trade deals that I told you about. We're working with China. We're working with all of those countries, where it's so one-sided, and all of that will work out 100% but we cannot be taken advantage of any longer as a country we're not doing it. We're getting rid of sanctuary cities. We're getting rid of unsafe places. We're protecting your Second Amendment after protect a -- 95% of American manufacturers just announced that this is in the history of the chart, which they think is 28 years old. They've been doing this for 28 years in history.

Donald Trump: It's the highest history of -- They love what's going on. Let me put it this way. They approve what we're doing. It's the highest approval rating that this country has ever had by the people that create jobs namely, the manufacturers. It just came out. And 100 utility companies have lowered their prices because of our business tax cuts and the savings to America and Americans are going to be over $3 billion. Think of that.

Donald Trump: For farmers and for small businesses. We have eliminated the estate tax, so you could leave your farm, your business to the people you love, and they won't have to go bust, borrowing money so they can pay the estate tax. And we have so many other things that we've done and so many other things that we're doing, we're very proud of it. We could not have done it without you. It's been an incredible journey for all of us. We started out saying we were going to do this and that. Nobody had any idea would be able to do so much so soon, and in a very short period of time.

Donald Trump: All those things have been done or they're very close to being done, but most of have been done. A lot of them have just great start. You know, you have to start. And I can tell you that on trade, you get to see things happen over the next -- over the coming months that are going to really shock you.

Donald Trump: Because for so many years we felt so badly, you know, our jobs have been taken our -- our companies have been just taken, like we're a bunch of babies. Let's take the company. Let's close up the car company. Let's fire everybody.

Donald Trump: Let's move the company to another country, and then we'll sell back cars right into America. We won't pay tax. Those days are gone. Those days are gone.

Donald Trump: So I just want -- this is a very special group and I know so many of you because we campaigned together, but I just want to thank everybody in the review. You've been my friends and you've really been loyal. You've been strong. I want to say to Adam, good luck. You got us a tough race, but he's a tough cookie.

Donald Trump: He's gonna get it done. Gonna get it done, because he knows how to get things done.

Donald Trump: I wanna say to Dean, look, he's done so well that I can't imagine anything bad happening but you have to always fight hard. You have to be a little bit like, you know, be careful. You never know. You just can't let Wacky Jacky do it.

Donald Trump: You can't. Remember, a vote for her is a vote for Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer. Very simple. Just remember, a vote for her is a vote for taxes going way up.

Donald Trump: Your taxes that you've cut way down are going to go way up. They're gonna give you all sorts of false promises. Your taxes are going way up. There's no doubt.

Donald Trump: Nancy Pelosi was caught three weeks ago. Did you hear her? Where she was saying, -- forget about the crumbs, it's been used to much." But it is -- it's a lot of money for people. Two thousand dollars, $3,000, more than that. But so I don't even talk about the crumbs.

Donald Trump: But three weeks ago she was talking about, she wants to raise everybody's taxes. OK. I don't think so. Somehow that doesn't play very well.

Donald Trump: But a vote for her is a vote for increased taxes. Weak, weak borders. It's really a vote for crime. It's a vote to get rid of police officers. It's a vote to get rid of ICE. They want to get rid of ice.

Donald Trump: You know how good ICE is? These are the toughest people. You know on Long Island we have towns where they have a lot of the MS-13. And the thing they respect is toughness. They respect like if you're the number one student in your class, they don't respect.

Donald Trump: They respect toughness. Our ICE people are so tough. They're much tougher than the MS-13 people, and they respect our ICE people. And these guys go in with the paddy wagons and they grab them, and they put them in, and they take them out, and we get them the hell out of our country, and we put them, in some cases, in jail.

Donald Trump: They're killing people and they don't kill them with guns. You know, you hear so much about guns. They kill them with knives because they cut them into little pieces because it's much more painful. They're taking beautiful young women off the street.

Donald Trump: You know the father and the mother, two of them, they had a daughter. Two daughters killed so violently by MS-13. Cut up. Cut up.

Donald Trump: Not shot, cut up, because it's more painful. These are sick evil people. I call them animals, then people said, "Oh, that's a terrible thing to say." No. They said that's a terrible thing.

Donald Trump: Nancy Pelosi said that's a terrible thing to say. She was defending MS-13. So a vote for Jacky is a vote for Nancy Pelosi. It's a vote for Schumer and it's a vote for all of the problems that they bring. And I don't think you want that.

Donald Trump: You have an outstanding man in Dean Heller. And I know and I've been on both sides of him and I want to tell you he's a tough cookie. He's a tough cookie. And we want him on our side.

Donald Trump: So I'm just going to -- I'll be back a lot but I'm just telling you I'm leaving now. They got me making like four speeches, do you believe this? You know, I said, "Where do you want me to go?" Well, sir, you're making a speech here, then there, then there, then you do a roundtable. I said, "What's this all about?" But I will be back a lot. It's an incredible state with incredible friends. I have a great friend of mine Mr. & Mrs. Phil Ruffin are here today.

Donald Trump: He's fantastic man. Fantastic businessman. One of the most successful businessmen in the country. But I'm going to go and I will be back a lot because we're going to be fighting really hard for Denny, for Adam, and for Dean and for others, and for others.

Donald Trump: And I just want to thank you for your incredible support. You have been there from the day I announced that I was going to run for president. You've been there. So I want to thank you. Thank you very much, Nevada. Thank you. Thank you very much. Nevada, we love you. Thank you. Thank you. We'll be back a lot.