Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-ohio-gop-state-dinner-august-24-2018

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, everybody. It's great to be back here. Remember, you cannot win unless you get the State of Ohio. Remember... I heard that -- I heard that so many times. You need the State of Ohio; therefore, Trump can't win. I think we won by nine points. What did we win by, nine?

Donald Trump: We're winning. We're going to keep winning. I love this state. I worked here during a summer. I worked here and I loved it; Cincinnati. We like Cincinnati, right? And this November, we're going to win really big. It's going to be one big Ohio family, as we've had a special place. Helping us to achieve that victory will be our incredible Ohio GOP chairwoman, a really incredible person and friend of mine, Jane Timken.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Jane. It's great to be with you, Jane. Great job, this is your record all time. This is the all -- that's not bad. You know, it is Ohio. All time record, I'd say that's pretty good. We're also joined tonight by RNC co-chairman, Bob Paduchik; who also ran my campaign in Ohio.

Donald Trump: And I want to tell you, he did an awfully good job. He did a great job. Thank you, Bob. Fantastic. I also want to express my gratitude to all of the county GOP chairs, grassroots activists, volunteers and Republican women who worked so hard to achieve victory for your party, your state and for your country. Republican women, we have a lot of them. We have a lot of them.

Donald Trump: I especially want to thank -- oh, this is such a beautiful place -- Columbia, OK, that's the way you really pronounce it -- County Chairman Dave Johnson. Dave, thank you. That's actually the way they pronounce it.

Donald Trump: Dave's family business has a unique distinction; they supply the tiles that have adorned the roof of the White House for more than 60 years. Thank you very much, Dave.

Donald Trump: Although, considering it was built in 1799, I'm not sure 60 years is that great. But it's not bad there. It's still there. They're still doing good.

Donald Trump: Over the last 19 months, we achieved more than anyone thought possible. Our economy is absolutely booming, jobs are surging, factories are returning, steel is doing better than any industry just about anywhere in this country, anywhere in this world.

Donald Trump: We had no choice; we put those heavy tariffs on. And you know what? The steel industry is booming. And what until you see what happens when we have hundreds of new steel plants all over the country and they're competing against each other.

Donald Trump: We won't even take it from outside. They're going to be competing. And that's happening with a lot of businesses. We're unlocking Ohio's rich reserves of beautiful abundant shale. That's happening. We have a lot of it. And we're taking care of our veterans. We're crushing the terrorists. We're rebuilding our military like never before, $700 billion.

Donald Trump: America is winning again. America is being respected again, because we are finally putting America first. So we must work every day until November to elect more Ohio Republicans, so we can continue to make America great again. Has anyone ever heard that slogan?

Donald Trump: Good slogan. That worked well, right, Rob? That was a good -- that was a good slogan. I want to recognize our truly incredible slate of Ohio GOP congressional candidates here this evening, very special people, and they're doing really well. I don't think I see that blue wave.

Donald Trump: You know, it's interesting, we have the strongest economy in the history of our nation, and I hear about a blue wave. I say, why is there a blue wave? We are doing better now with jobs. Today there are more people working than at any time in the history of our country, so I don't think there's going to be a blue wave. I hope there's a red wave.

Donald Trump: They keep saying that whoever is president, they don't win the mid terms; I just don't get it. But no president has ever had this economy. I want to thank Bill Johnson. Where's Bill? Bill? Thank you, bill. Thank you. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Warren Davidson. Warren? Thank you. Bob Gibbs. The great Jim Jordan.

Donald Trump: How good is Jim? Where's Jim? Where is Jim? I love -- come here, Jim. Don't ever wrestle him, even if you're bigger than him; don't wrestle. You know, people don't know this about Jim, he was one of the best wrestlers ever in college wrestling. And when you see the way he fights, every time I watch, I say to my wife, I say, look at that guy. That is tough. He lost one match in three years of college. What happened in the fourth year, by the way? I know you -- right? Don't, don't, don't. Anyway, thank you very much, Jim. Great guy, thank you.

Donald Trump: That's true. One match he lost. And you had to see what happened to the guy that beat him. He was not in good shape that night. We love Jim. Bob Latta. Bob? Bob? Thank you, Bob. NRCC chairman, Steve Stivers. Where's Steve? Where is Steve? Steve, thank you.

Donald Trump: When I called you, Steve, the other night, you weren't there. You called me back I said, forget about it. Thanks, Steve, great job. You're doing a great job and they're doing great in Ohio, you know. And Anthony Gonzalez? A very big thank you, Anthony. Thank you. And a very big congratulations to Troy Balderson on his win. Whoa.

Donald Trump: Troy, where's Troy? Where is Troy? Thank you, Troy. You would have made me look bad if you hadn't pulled that out. They had that group. I'll tell you, I was there with Jim, and I said, Jim if they don't win this thing, I'm in trouble, because they were. And you know, as soon as you won, they just started packing up and leaving. They didn't want to talk about it. But now I understand you're in great shape in November, Troy; that was really a great race. They spent a lot of money against Troy.

Donald Trump: I want to thank a man who really is a fantastic person with an incredible wife, even greater than him, but these are minor details, talking about you two. But Senator Rob Portman, who really is a very special, very special person.

Donald Trump: I've gotten to know him. At first I didn't know him, I came to Ohio. I didn't know too much. I knew of him, I respected him, by name only. But we got to be friendly and he has been a tremendous help in the Senate, and I want to thank -- and I want to thank you both; special people. OK? Thank you. Thank you, thank you, Rob, special.

Donald Trump: Also a woman who -- she was really tough and smart and did a great job, and she's become a friend of mine, Lieutenant Governor Mary Taylor. Thank you, Mary. Where's Mary? Thank you, Mary, thank you. Great job. Those two guys aren't easy, you have to say, right? They're not easy but you did a fantastic job. Thank you.

Donald Trump: We're thrilled to be joined by Ohio's fantastic attorney general and you're next Governor, Mike DeWine. Mike? Where's Mike? Good, thank you, Mike. What a smart -- what a tough team this is. Along with your future lieutenant governor, Ohio state, secretary of state, Jon Husted. Thank you, Jon.

Donald Trump: I'll tell you what. They're a great -- they're a great combination. They're tough. They're smart. They love this state. I've known them a long time. They are -- they are really something very special, and you're lucky to have them.

Donald Trump: And I will tell you, I also know your opponent, because we had to get him the hell out of the crowd here. He was destroying a lot of people's lives. He was destroying people's lives. Great people, people that had businesses for many years, he was destroying their lives. He was terrible. He was terrible. All you have to do is pick up some of the editorials about him.

Donald Trump: I'll tell you, fellows, if you don't win that race, I will be so disappointed. I will say you should never run again. Get them to get the information on the building, OK, the building that he bought, where they spent $250 million buying a building that was worth the fraction of that. But call my office, I have so much information. That was a bad guy. Oh, were we happy when we got rid of him.

Donald Trump: Mick Mulvaney did a great job. I also want to recognize one of the most dedicated campaign volunteers in the state. Everybody knows her cookbook, Mike's amazing wife Fran. Thank you, Fran. Fran DeWine. Thank you very much. Great job. Good book, I hear a good book.

Donald Trump: So Mike's running against the far left candidate, and you know, he was groomed by Pocahontas, the legendary Pocahontas. No, actually, not that one. If it was that one, we'd have a problem, but it wasn't that one.

Donald Trump: He was groomed by Elizabeth Warren. His name is Cordray, and he's trouble. He's a guy that is real trouble. That's why I have you -- you have these incredible two people running. It's a very important thing. He'll destroy your state. Cordray will destroy your state.

Donald Trump: He spent the last six years in Washington trying to regulate community banks. You all know about it. Small businesses all over the place, they were going into oblivion. They were coming up. I didn't know anything about them, I started running for president. Everybody said, "Oh, you're running for president." Remember, many of the people back home, the fakers, they were saying, "No, he's just doing this for fun." Do you think this is fun? It's not fun. I had a fun life, but I actually like this better.

Donald Trump: But -- but I have to say that people were coming up to me, strong people, tough people with businesses that were 100-years-old, people that were pillars of their community, and they had tears in their eyes of what Cordray was doing. He was putting them out of business. He was actually putting them out of business.

Donald Trump: What he did to those people was just terrible. So as you know, we're here for Jim, but we're also here for these guys, and I think it's very important for your state that they win this election.

Donald Trump: So you're going to be sent some information on the $250 million, the federal money. I'm sending it to you. And it's a very important thing that you study. And I want -- maybe I'll have Jim call because Jim calls all the time. Jim just doesn't stop. But I'll have Jim call my office. I'm going to have some information sent to you. You wont believe what you're going to read.

Donald Trump: Everybody needs to get out and vote for the two guys, and we're honored to be joined tonight by another very special guest, the next U.S. senator from Ohio, Jim Renacci. Jim is running to replace a very liberal Democrat. You know, I don't see -- I mean, maybe I'm wrong. I don't see Ohio is liberal.

Donald Trump: Are you liberal? Anybody like liberal? I don't get it. Huh, I don't get it. He's running against Sherrod Brown, and Sherrod voted no on our tax cuts. He voted no on repealing Obamacare. He voted no on Neil Gorsuch. How do you do that?

Donald Trump: First in his class at Harvard, first in his class at Oxford -- "I'll take a no vote." I don't think so. And he's probably going to vote no. Somebody said he already announced he's voting no on Judge Kavanaugh, who's phenomenal.

Donald Trump: Sherrod Brown voted for the liberal Obama judges who want to take away your Second Amendment. And just today, he did actually come out -- today or yesterday -- and he came out against Judge Kavanaugh. That's terrible.

Donald Trump: Sherrod Brown voted for the deadly and terrible sanctuary cities. The truth is a vote for any democrat at this point in November is a vote for Chuck Schumer, Nancy Pelosi, and who? The legendary Maxine Waters, the de facto head of the democrat party; she's the de facto head now. Congratulations. Maxine didn't know it; I'm just telling her.

Donald Trump: Today's democrat party is being taking over by the so-called resistance. It's true. They obstruct. I was just talking to Rob Portman. We have 400 -- almost -- people that aren't being approved; it's the most in the history of our government. They just won't approve them.

Donald Trump: They're slow walking every single -- even if they vote for them, ultimately, they're taking the maximum period of time. And we're probably double -- as bad a record as you've had in the past as there has been -- we're probably almost double what it is. We have 400 people.

Donald Trump: These people left their businesses, they set up homes in Washington, they thought it was going to go quickly. I'm talking about ambassadors, judges, people that are going to be fantastic for the administration. Here we are. We're going to be soon two years into the administration; we have a lot of people that haven't even been approved yet. And you can't get them through because the democrats are lousy on policy, they're not great politicians, but the one thing -- they stick together.

Donald Trump: They always stick together and they slow walk everybody. And that's what it is. It's obstruction and it's resistance; their whole campaign is resist. They still haven't figured out they lost the election but they're going to figure it out soon.

Donald Trump: They're going to figure it out soon. There was a poll today -- they put it up -- that all of the candidates put together can't beat Trump in the election of 2020. I think they felt good about that; do you think they like that poll? I think so. I actually put it up on my Twitter because I thought they'd love to see it. We'll send it to a lot of people.

Donald Trump: But you have left wing haters and radicals trying to tear down our institutions, disrespect our great American flag, demean our law enforcement. Think of that. Our flag, our law enforcement, ICE. Denigrate your history and disparage our great country. And they're going so far left and they're being dragged left. I knew Schumer when he was like somebody you could talk to but he's been brought so far left he can't -- he's not even rational anymore.

Donald Trump: But we're not going to let it happen because we need our law enforcement, we need respect for our national anthem and for our flag. We're going to elect proud patriotic Ohio republicans who will defend our country and defend our way of life. Today's democrats are not just extreme; they're really not in a position to govern. They're just not in a position to govern when you look at what they are and what they're doing -- open borders and crime. It's open borders and crime.

Donald Trump: We have in New York a governor -- Governor Cuomo -- sues everybody. You know, you go into that state, you get sued; that's why people don't want to move in. For that and the fact that it's the highest taxes. But if you go to New York, you get sued, and people are afraid to go to New York. They don't want to go.

Donald Trump: He recently stated that the new slogan was, America Was Never Great. That was a -- now, he was so angry at me; you know, he hates me, truly hates me. Used to -- he used to like me but then I decided to run for office and he doesn't like me too much. Hey, Schumer used to love me. Hard to believe, isn't it?

Donald Trump: But Cuomo came out with that by mistake. He was so angered -- because Make America Great Again -- and he just, America's never going to be great again. And that was it, he walks off, that's like, everyone's like, what? And he was talking to socialists and they were going, whoa, whoa, did you hear that -- did anybody hear the end of that where the crowd was going, whoa?

Donald Trump: He was -- that's not a good one. I said, that's job threatening. Now, he's going to beat the person that's running, an actress who, you know, but she could get a lot of votes -- but he's going to win. But, you know, you go outside, I don't think -- somehow with that quote playing, instead of Make America Great Again, will say, America -- how would that look on a hat? America Was Never Great. Exclamation -- it doesn't work.

Donald Trump: Even Portman couldn't get elected with that. I don't think so, right? And he's good. Cuomo's comments are really an insult to generations of American heroes whose blood, and sweat and tears built the greatest country the world has ever known. And we are better now than ever before.

Donald Trump: We have the hottest economy we've ever had. The Democrat Party -- do you notice I never say Democratic Party? Because that's not really their name, it sounds better, flows better. In the speech it sounds better. I always hate to say the Democrat Party because it doesn't sound good; that's why I say it. But it's true.

Donald Trump: The Democrat Party's relentless assault on American institutions, traditions and values can be seen in their shameful attacks on law enforcement. The mayor or Portland, Oregon ordered police to stand down, leaving brave ICE officers to face an angry mob of left-win anarchists.

Donald Trump: Somehow I wasn't too worried about the ICE officers. Were you, Jim Jordan? I don't know, Jim wasn't too worried about that. They were just fine. But they didn't think they'd have to defend themselves. The new platform of Democrat Party is to abolish ICE. They want to abolish the agency that is removing violent predators, drug dealers, murderers, MS-3, monster gang members and even just recently a Nazi criminal who nobody could get out for 40 years. Yes, a lot of people like that... got him out.

Donald Trump: We had a Republican -- Dov Hikind of New York, he's a very strong Democrat, probably never uttered the word Republican in his life. And he was on television saying what the president of the United States did was incredible.

Donald Trump: He's a leader in the Jewish community in New York -- the leader. And he said we've been trying to remove this man. He walked the streets of Flushing for -- where I grew up. That's where I grew up, that area.

Donald Trump: For many years, for decades, and was just walking the streets. And yet, he was a man who killed many Jewish people; many, many thousands of Jewish people. And they've been trying to get him out of this country for decades. And we got him out.

Donald Trump: And I'll tell you, he got on television and he said great things. I actually think he would vote for me. And I'll tell you, he would never vote for a Republican. It was never in his -- but what he said was great. What he said was great and it was my honor -- it was our honor. And ICE is the one that got him out.

Donald Trump: But ICE does even tougher jobs than that because they are rough, and they are tough and they're great people. But they go into gangs and nests of people that are so bad and so evil.

Donald Trump: When I called them animals, Nancy Pelosi got very angry. And she said you shouldn't talk about human beings like that. I said they're not human beings. These are people that don't shoot. They like using knives because it's more painful.

Donald Trump: These are tough people but they're good people. You know, they go out to Long Island and they get rid of MS-13. It's like you're liberating towns. This is like a war. It's like a country took over another country. And they're being liberated.

Donald Trump: And they grab them. If they fight them, they fight them. They'd rather fight them. But they grab them and they throw them into the patty wagon. And the towns are clapping and cheering, it's an incredible thing.

Donald Trump: And the Democrats want to get rid of these people. These are incredible people. They're brave and they're tough. And in this case, the only thing the other side understands is tough.

Donald Trump: They don't understand kindness. They don't understand niceness. They don't understand high test scores at, you know, the -- you can have the highest SATs ever recorded and that would not impress MS-13. But these guys have the highest scores in what they do. There's nobody better.

Donald Trump: And we've got to protect ICE and we have to protect our law enforcement. And I have to tell you, the Republican Party stands strongly behind ICE and stands really, really strongly behind all of our -- our uniformed services, our great people. These are great people.

Donald Trump: Just this week, we learned that Iowa authorities have changed an illegal alien in the murder of -- and they charged an illegal alien in the murder of a college student, Mollie Tibbetts. And you know, the amazing thing is that everybody was talking about Mollie, beautiful, wonderful, incredible person, everybody loved her, everybody in -- everybody that met her loved her.

Donald Trump: And the father was saying she's coming back, she's coming back, and I was watching and I was saying maybe he's right, and this went on for a long time. When they found out that is was this horrible illegal immigrant that viciously killed her, all of a sudden that story went down. They didn't want to cover it the way it should have been covered, but what happened to Mollie was a disgrace and our hearts go out. We mourn for Mollie's family.

Donald Trump: In recent weeks, an elderly homeless woman in New York was allegedly beaten to death by a twice-deported illegal alien that was not supposed to be in this country. In the sanctuary city of Philadelphia -- went to school in Philadelphia -- local officials released a previously deported illegal alien back onto the streets. After his release, the illegal alien raped a very young child -- I won't even tell you how old this child was.

Donald Trump: Democrat immigration policies are destroying innocent lives and spilling very innocent blood. We believe that any party that puts criminal aliens before American citizens should be voted out of office, not into office.

Donald Trump: Nobody says it. Nobody says that. And you know, that's not a very complicated formula, and you know, a lot of people, they say, "Oh, I'm not going to vote for Trump and all," except when they get into the voting booth. That's what happened, remember? They went into the booth and they said, you know, is anybody watching? Trump.

Donald Trump: It's true. It's true. Common sense, even the exit polls -- you know, about 5 o'clock, they were -- people were coming out. "Who'd you vote for?" "Well, I voted for Crooker Hillary." No. But they didn't. We were a little worried with those exit polls. Then we started winning every state. I said, "Something's wrong."

Donald Trump: That's OK, whatever it takes, right? Whatever it takes. To secure our borders and protect Ohio families, we have to elect more Republicans. You know, we don't have much of a margin. In the House, we have very few. In the Senate, we essentially were even. You know, they always say, "We have a majority," we don't have a -- we have to win by 10. Of course, I'd like to see that be one instead of 10. I would love to see that be one.

Donald Trump: What a shame. But you have to win by 10. And I think in the Senate we're going to do really well. I think we're going to do -- really surprise people, Rob Portman, we're going to -- we're going to win a lot of seats, and we're talking on the -- on the car in and the way in and we're mentioning name after name who are doing great against pretty well-known senators, and some were sort of unbeatable and now they're even in the polls against some very talented Republicans.

Donald Trump: I think the Senate's going to be a big surprise. The House is probably tougher. We have so many people running. We have a lot of chairmen because they were chairman for 6 years and then they don't want to stay because they can't be chairman. The Democrats, you can be a chairman for 40 years, so you know.

Donald Trump: So we have a lot of people really that -- I don't know, Jim, I'm still not sure if that's a great policy, because we have a lot of chairmen that are leaving. And they're leaving because when you're the chairman of a big committee, you don't want to go back and just sit there and not be a chairman anymore.

Donald Trump: So I don't know if that's a good policy. I guess it gets other people up there, but in the meantime, we have a lot of chairmen that have no choice but to leave. And it's just -- you know, just can't do it the other way. I understand it. I can fully understand it. So I don't know if that's a good policy or not. What do you think, is that a good policy? I don't know.

Donald Trump: I don't know, I like a little more experience. I think we could certainly go longer than 6 years, but many, many people -- but I think we have some good candidates taking their place.

Donald Trump: The platform of the Democrat Party is to raise your taxes, increase your regulations, shut down American energy, release violent criminals, and destroy American jobs. It really is. You know, I guess I could put it a little bit softer than that, but that's really their policy. Open borders equals crime, tremendous crime. The hardest kind of crime.

Donald Trump: By contrast, under Republican leadership, America's economy is booming like it's never boomed before. Never, ever before. Since the election, we've created nearly 4 million new jobs, an unthinkable number. And something I like equally as much, we've taken nearly 4 million Americans off of food stamps. How about that, right?

Donald Trump: In a very short time, we will have added over 500,000 new manufacturing jobs. Do you remember during the debates, I would talk about steel, because steel is the hottest industry. But I talk about steel, I talk about other industries coming back. I talk about car companies. Do you know how many car companies are now coming back to Ohio and Michigan and Pennsylvania? They're coming back. Companies that left, they're coming back.

Donald Trump: And we're negotiating now with Mexico and we're trying to make a fair deal, not a deal like -- you know, I don't know, people forget, NAFTA was a disaster. I mean, does anybody remember? They emptied out entire states. Now it's like NAFTA's so wonderful -- NAFTA is not wonderful, I was a terrible deal for us. Terrible, terrible deal.

Donald Trump: Still, you go up to New England, you go up to parts of Ohio and other places, and you'll see factories that, you know, left many years ago because of NAFTA. It's a terrible deal. We're going to either make it good or we're not going to have it. And we're very close to getting something I think that's going to be very fair.

Donald Trump: And I said, if we don't, it's OK. If we don't, we're going to tariff cars coming into the United States and we'll make more money than we're ever going to make with NAFTA. I mean, that's it; that's it. And I tell that to everybody. I say, look, I don't want to be threatening, I'm not threatening at all, I'm not a threatening person. But I'm saying,, we're going to tax the hell out of -- no, no, I don't say that. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: No, but I do say it. I say, look, if -- if we can't have a fair deal -- we don't need a great deal, we need a fair deal, because NAFTA has just -- they just ripped the heart out of our manufacturing. They're not great for our farmers. We're going to take care of our farmers. Our farmers are great American patriots, I'll tell you. They are incredible. You know, our farmers...

Donald Trump: Did you see where soy beans now is slightly higher than when I started -- you know, everybody was saying, oh, that's the end -- soy beans are going up. Even I said how did that happen? That's like a great -- how good is that? But our farmers -- if you look at soy bean prices, go five years before our great election in '16, go five years before, go five years back, soy beans went down by 50 percent on election night. They were down by 50 percent from what they were five years before.

Donald Trump: Farmers were down from 15 years. They've been having just a downward spiral. And China was very threatening to our farmers. They want to not buy farm products, we're not going to -- because they want to hurt us in the election. But what we're doing with the European Union, where they have the strongest barriers, probably stronger than China -- and China and other countries.

Donald Trump: Canada. I hate to say it. We love Canada -- I love Canada, but they are tariffs on dairy products. These tariffs are almost 300 percent. And if I say good, we're going to put a 25 percent tariff on Canada, I'll be inundated by politicians saying we want free trade. What's free when they charge us 300 percent? I don't understand. Where are these people coming from? But we're all learning.

Donald Trump: You know, we're learning from the steel industry because, as I said before, it's one of the hottest industries anywhere. I interviewed with a couple -- I had a couple of great people inside with Jim and they were thanking me for what we've done. They're in the steel business. They said we were dying ,we were getting ready to close and now our business is more vibrant than it's ever been.

Donald Trump: This took place over a period of six months and it's going to get better and better and we're going to get the iron ore from Minnesota and other places. We don't this took need anybody from outside. The youth unemployment rate has reached the lowest level in over 51 years. That's a biggie.

Donald Trump: And here's one that I love and I've always loved, the unemployment rate for Americans without high school diplomas reached the lowest level ever recorded. How good is that?

Donald Trump: African-Americans, you've heard me say this, the unemployment rate recently achieved the lowest level in recorded history. Along with Hispanic and Asian, lowest levels in recorded history.

Donald Trump: Women didn't do quite as well. With women, I'm sorry to tell you women, I'm sorry Mrs. Portman. I hate to say this, women's unemployment has just reached a level which is the lowest in only 65 years. So we're not doing as well.

Donald Trump: I could have a problem with the women's vote. You know, they kept saying I had a problem with the women's vote; I get 52 percent in the election. I did OK. I did OK. And I see all those signs. I love the women. You know, the women want strength, they want border protection, they want a strong military -- they want their families protected. They want law enforcement.

Donald Trump: Women are smart. So we reached the lowest level in 65 years and in a very short period of time that will be a historic level, too, like the others. You know, with African American folks, I used to be at big rallies and I'd read all of the problems -- highest crime, toughest areas, worst schools. All of these horrible -- lowest -- the worst homeownership of any group by far.

Donald Trump: And I was reading them just one after another, there were like 10 pieces and every one was a horror show, but especially anything having to do with crime and education. And they're -- always been voting for democrats -- you know, almost always -- and I said, you know, look at these numbers. Look how bad they are; they're horrible. And my people were very upset because they said, vote for me, what the hell do you have to lose? What do you have to lose?

Donald Trump: And I'll never forget. I came off the stage that night and my people said, oh, that was such a terrible thing. I said, what's terrible? And all of a sudden, those numbers started going up, up, up and we did great. But now we're doing great and Kanye West liked me, and that really lifted my...

Donald Trump: Kanye West has some real power, and he's got a good wife, too, in Kim, I'll tell you. She really is. She did a great thing. She did a great thing. The person was in jail on a very -- a very strange thing -- she was there for 22 years and it was based largely on a phone call that they were listening to. And she had another 24 year, she was about 62 or 63, and I gave her a pardon.

Donald Trump: And she came out of that jail after all of those years, and the way she hugged and kissed her family and the way they loved her so much, and it was like, she had some grandchildren, some sons, some grandchildren that were so beautiful, so -- they were grabbing her and it was just a beautiful thing to see. And she was in there for 22 years. And that was through Kim Kardashian, so I think that was -- I think it was terrific. I don't know if you saw that; did you see that?

Donald Trump: The scene of her coming out of that jail? That was pretty -- pretty good. I want to thank our pro-American trade policies. I want to talk about American steel, which is making that great comeback, especially -- especially in Ohio. Nucor has just announced an $85 million upgrade in Marion.

Donald Trump: By the way, I hate to say this, they're doing $750 million in Florida -- but we won't mention that tonight. They'll be doing it here soon, too, because they love this state. Charter Steel announced a new $150 million steel mill in Cuyahoga Heights; that's a great one. JSW Steel is restarting the furnace and investing $500 million in Mingo Junction.

Donald Trump: Lot of jobs. And Cleveland-Cliffs announced a brand new, beautiful $700 million plant in Toledo. And that's just a few of them. That's just a few of them.

Donald Trump: One of the things that we've done in addition to the biggest tax cuts is we've eliminated the largest number of job-killing regulations of any president, even if they're there for four years, eight years, almost 16 years. We -- we set the record already and we have a lot to go. I mean, we're going to have a lot to go. We were talking to some of the folks today.

Donald Trump: We're going to have -- by the way -- crystal clean water, beautiful air to breathe; we're just as clean, maybe cleaner now than ever before. Our regulations are going to be tough but they're going to be fair. You're not going to have to go 12 different locations to get one approval when you can get it at one location.

Donald Trump: To build a highway in this country would take 17, 18, 20 and even 21 years to get approved. And then the highway was no good and it would end up costing like 25 times more than they originally thought. We've got it down to about two years and what I want to do is get it down to one year. And, you know, you may get rejected, but at least you'll be rejected quickly -- quickly.

Donald Trump: One of the things I'm very proud of, and all of the congressmen here know this very well -- and then ultimately, we got approval from Rob in the Senate -- is to give critically ill patients access to life-saving treatments, we passed Right-to-Try, Right-to-Try. I love that name, Right-to-Try.

Donald Trump: Guess what, people are going all over the world, if they had the money. Most of them didn't have the money, so they stayed home. They had no hope. We could have a great drug that we think is good, but it was going to take another four years, five years, two years. And they wouldn't give it to somebody who was terminally ill because they didn't want to hurt the patient -- the person.

Donald Trump: And I said, "What are they doing? What are they doing?" And you know, people have been trying to get his passed for 30 years. The beauty of now is we really do have unbelievable experimental drugs that can really help.

Donald Trump: So now, people can sign a quick document, and they can go and they can -- they can get themselves -- very possibly, make themselves better. They don't have travel all over the world, or they don't have to sit home with no hope whatsoever. So, Right-to-Try, I love the name. We secured $6 billion, just a while ago, in new funding to fight the opioid epidemic, which is really an epidemic.

Donald Trump: And it's -- it's a tremendous -- right, Mary? It's a tremendous epidemic in Ohio, tremendous in Ohio. And we've got -- that was very important to Rob Portman. And we're working on a lot of other ideas, but this is a really big problem in Ohio.

Donald Trump: And my administration has taken bold action to make prescription drugs more affordable. I mean I did something, the other day, that they've never seen. Pfizer lifted their prices up, and Novartis and some others, and I wasn't happy. And I -- all of a sudden, I got calls. I let them know I wasn't happy. I got calls, "Sir, they're rescinding their price increases." And nobody's ever seen that before.

Donald Trump: And I give them credit, I have to tell you, Novartis, Pfizer and some others. And they brought them back down to where they were. Nobody's ever seen that before.

Donald Trump: But we're going to get drug prices down. We're working very hard. Secretary Azar is with me. He's actually with my wife over the hospital, a hospital that's so beautiful. We went through, we did the tour. Some of these children, it's incredible what they're doing.

Donald Trump: But Secretary Azar and I are working very hard on eliminating the middleman, and we're going to bring prescription drugs -- so we're already -- it's already happening.

Donald Trump: Otherwise, frankly, Pfizer and all could not have done what they did four weeks ago, and we're bringing drug prices down, prescription drug prices. We reformed -- it's such an important thing.

Donald Trump: We reformed the Medicare drug discount program to stop hospitals from overcharging low-income seniors, saving seniors hundreds of millions of dollars this year alone.

Donald Trump: I actually ask, "Why didn't they do this before?" We'll always protect our seniors. We're going to take care of our seniors better than they've ever been taken care of.

Donald Trump: We've also appointed and confirmed a record number, highest number, of judges who will interpret our Constitution as written. As written, as opposed to judges that just make it up as they go along.

Donald Trump: We passed a landmark V.A. accountability law where we can actually fire people if they're bad to our great veterans. And as I've said, we also passed Veterans Choice, something they've been trying to get for 45 years, Veterans Choice.

Donald Trump: And I'm so proud of that one. And the Senate came through, and the House came through, and it wasn't easy, but we now have a plan. You know, the veterans, these are the greatest people. And they go to a doctor. They're not feeling well, something's wrong. They'd wait in line for 14 days, and literally, not call in and say, "Come back in two weeks." You'd be waiting 14 days, 21 days, 32 days, and they'd be waiting in line.

Donald Trump: And some of them had a small ailment, and it would be terminal by the time they go to see a doctor. It was so bad. It was horrible. And I used to say, I said -- you know I said, "It's really -- oh, I had something so smart. I said, "Listen, I have an idea. If they have to wait that long, why don't we send them to a doctor around the corner?"

Donald Trump: And everyone said, "Sir, we've trying to get that approved for 40 years." But I'm good at getting things approved. We're pretty good at that, right, and we got it approved.

Donald Trump: So we now have Veterans Choice. They can go out and see a doctor if they have to wait. We'll pay the bill, and we'll save a lot of money. We're going to save a lot of lives. And we're making the quality of life better, a lot better. And we're giving our brave war fighters the tools, resources, and equipment they need to defeat any enemy that dares to threaten our people.

Donald Trump: As you know very well, for eight years, Democrats apologize for America. Republicans are now standing up for America. There is a big difference. We are standing up for the heroes who protect America. We're standing proudly for our great, beautiful, wonderful National Anthem.

Donald Trump: Which CBS, I just heard, just joined the crew, and ESPN have decided not to broadcast, so they don't have any controversy. Can you imagine? They're not going to broadcast the National Anthem? CBS and ESPN, how do we like that? Is that good? What the hell is NFL doing? What are they doing? Do they not have a clue? It's hurt them badly, too, and it's continuing. The think they're doing something smart because of not broadcasting the National Anthem? That's CBS and ESPN, folks; enjoy your television.

Donald Trump: While Democrats delay, obstruct and resist, Republicans actually deliver. We're creating jobs for African-American s, for Hispanic-Americans, Asian-Americans, young Americans, and all Americans. And I'll tell you, if we do not get Jim, that's going to be a terrible thing. We've got to get Jim. Where's Jim sitting, by the way? Jim, will you stand up, please?

Donald Trump: I told the group of wonderful donors, we have a group that loves this guy. One of them was saying, sir, I worked with Jim Renacci for 20 years. He is an incredible business man. I started off with three employees, they said he had 11,000. Where is that guy it 11,00 employees? Where the -- stand up.

Donald Trump: He went from three employees to 11,000, and he said -- and it was Jim Renacci that you were his student, right? Did he get a piece of the deal, I hope? [Laughter]

Donald Trump: No, but that's a great statement; I thought that was good. That is a lot better than what they gave me to talk about with Jim, because that was -- that means that -- that's so incredible. Jim was a great businessman, he has a great sense, he has a great common sense. But that's a beautiful story, and I really appreciate it, man.

Donald Trump: So while Democrats run down our country -- they really do, they run it down -- it always negative, nasty, the way they come after me. Get used to it. We won the election. We're going to win again in 2020. And I hope -- hopefully we're going to keep winning.

Donald Trump: Man, these are nasty people. They are nasty and dishonest. You notice that nobody looks at them? Is that deep state or what? Explain that. Nobody looks at them, all of the sting. McCabe, you have the beautiful Lisa Page and her wonderful FBI agent. How about him? Did anybody ever hear Strzok? Did anybody ever hear him testify? Did you hear this guy? Can you believe it? "No, I have no bias against the president, I have no bias." Did you read what he said? What a group.

Donald Trump: Comey, lies and leaks. Hes a liar and he's a leaker. No -- I mean, why -- is this guy being looked at? It's the most incredible thing people have ever seen, what's going on, but we're going to straighten it out. It's going to get straightened out.

Donald Trump: And that guy is helping a lot. We're going to straighten it out. It's happening. A lot of good things are happening. Republicans are rebuilding our country. We believe in the dignity of work, the power of freedom, and we believe in the truth of our national motto, which a lot of people don't like using.

Donald Trump: Did you see some court ruled against it the other day? "In God we trust." Nobody is going to rule against it. Remember when I first started -- I hate to bring it up now, in this heat, but I used to say, we're going to saying "Christmas" again. You know, they're saying "Christmas" again now, right?

Donald Trump: Remember, at the beginning of my campaign, it was December, and I'd see these stores and they never said "Merry Christmas." They're all saying "Merry Christmas" now. They're proud of it.

Donald Trump: Our victories are America's victories because the Republican Party is the party of the American worker, the American family, the American dream, and you know what else? The party of the American warrior. You're warriors. You're great people. You're great people.

Donald Trump: I talk about it all the time when they go and say "the elite," right? You -- you hear this. It's like insulting, "the elite." I'm much more elite than any of them, so are you. We're much more elite. We're smarter. We're richer. We're better educated, in most cases.

Donald Trump: You know, they talk about the elite. Then you see, where are they, where's? And you see they're slobs. I think, they're -- and he's supposed to be elite? I said, he's elite? You know, we beat them at every category.

Donald Trump: So let's let them be elite and we're super elite, right? You've heard that. We're the super elite. But to achieve that victory from Columbus, to Cleveland to Cincinnati, we have to work every day from now to November. I need you to get out and vote for the sake of our country, our future and our children. Generations of Americans have fought, and bled and died to preserve our laws, protect our Constitution and pass down the blessings of liberty.

Donald Trump: We're bringing it all back. It's all happening, folks. It's happening faster than people understand. There's been a lot of craziness. That sacred inheritance, that glorious heritage is now in our hands. And it is in our hands because of what happened almost two years ago. That was an incredible -- that was one of the great -- was that greatest, coolest evening? Was that the greatest?

Donald Trump: And you know, that was your victory. That wasn't my victory. That was your -- that was bringing our -- our country back. That was all about bringing our country back.

Donald Trump: You had states where people that were great people, worked hard, paid taxes and they hadn't voted in a long time. They never saw anybody they wanted to vote for. And they came down from the hills, and the valleys and the rivers.

Donald Trump: And people are saying, where the hell are all these people? You know, the Democrats are still trying to figure out where did these people come from? And they're never going Democrat, I can tell you that.

Donald Trump: But it's now up to us to defend it, to protect it. And to pass it down to our children so that they can grow up safe, and strong, and proud and free. Right?

Donald Trump: With your help, Ohio, we'll carry the hopes and dreams of the American people all the way to victory this November. We will never give in. We will never give up. And we will never stop fighting to make America great again.

Donald Trump: I want to thank Jane and the Ohio Republican Party. What a job you've done, boy what a job. Records every year, right? Thank you, Tim, very much. And I want to really -- number one, I want to wish your gubernatorial candidates are going to do great. And I want to thank you. Fellows, do a great job.

Donald Trump: You've got to -- you've got to get this guy. He's a bad guy. I don't say that about most, you know, I'll say -- hey, good luck. You're -- you're running against a bad guy.

Donald Trump: And I'll tell you what, Jim Renacci, you're going to win. I'm looking at polls that are looking good. People don't want to tell about the polls. The people of Ohio have known you a long time. You're a champion.

Donald Trump: I've known you a long time. You're a winner. You've always been a winner. And work hard, it's not a lot of time left. Work every single -- I don't even have to tell him. Normally, I'd have to say work seven days a week. With this guy, I don't have to tell him.

Donald Trump: But you're an incredible guy and a great inspiration, Jim. And I really believe you're going to be victorious. You're going to win. And congratulations on really, so far, doing a really fantastic job. Jim Renacci, next senator. And to the people of Ohio, you're very special. I just want to say, God bless you and good night. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much.