Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-kag-rally-sunrise-florida-november-26-2019

Donald Trump: Wow. Wow. Man, this is a big place. [Audience chants "USA"] Thank you very much and thank you to Vice President Mike Pence, who's doing a fantastic job, and thank you to the great state of Florida. Thank you. Thank you. So, less than one year from now, I will join voters across the Sunshine State, my home.

Donald Trump: As we head to the polls and together, we will win back the House, we will hold the Senate, and we will keep that beautiful, beautiful White House. We will keep it. We will keep it. You know he just had another stock rocket. You saw that, right? The stock market just hit another all-time in history high, meaning, 401(k)s and jobs.

Donald Trump: Everybody's getting rich, and I'm working my ass off, that I think, I do. Before you leave the arena, make sure that you register to vote. We can't take any chances. We're doing great in Florida. As you know, you have a great Governor, we're very happy with Ron. He's doing a fantastic job, but make sure you register to vote.

Donald Trump: As we gather together for Thanksgiving, you know, some people want to change the name Thanksgiving. They don't want to use the term Thanksgiving, and that was true also with Christmas, but now, everybody's using Christmas again, remember, I said that? But now, we're going to have to do a little work on Thanksgiving, people have different ideas why it shouldn't be called Thanksgiving.

Donald Trump: But everybody in this room I know, loves the name Thanksgiving and we're not changing it. But Americans have so much to be thankful for, the economy is booming, wages are rising, crime is falling, poverty is plummeting, confidence is soaring, and America is stronger than ever before. It's true. We've created 6.7 million new jobs, including 600,000 jobs right here in the great State of Florida.

Donald Trump: We're protecting American workers, taking care of our amazing veterans, by the way, you know, the veterans for years and years and years, I was like you, I was a civilian. I love my life, my life was so much simpler. It was so nice and soft and easy. You build a building and you have fun, but I always see, you turn on the news, you read in the paper about our veterans being mistreated.

Donald Trump: They were doing such a poor job. You don't hear that anymore do you? [Audience shouts "No"] You don't hear it anymore. Our veterans, for the first time, are taken care of to a level that has never happened in our country before, and maybe, most importantly, right now is the world the way it is. We are rebuilding the awesome power of the United States, military, $2.5 trillion and everything is made right here in the USA.

Donald Trump: That's good. We make the greatest equipment in the world. And a few weeks ago, U.S Special Forces brought the world's No. 1 terrorist to justice. The bloodthirsty savage known as Al Baghdadi is dead, finally. And just this week, I stuck up for three great warriors against the deep state, and you know what I'm talking about.

Donald Trump: I had so many people say, sir, I don't think you should do that. People have to be able to fight. These are great warriors. They can't think, gee, whiz, if I make a mistake, do I go for it? You do that. I mean, you know, if they were doing -- they wanted to put him in jail for 25 years. One young man was in jail for seven years, he had 16 more years to go, and I want to tell you when you look at what they did to that man, you would have been very proud at what we ended up doing.

Donald Trump: He came out. He hugged his parents, it was a beautiful, a beautiful thing. We gave him a party because we're going to take care of our warriors, and I will always stick up for our great fighters. People can sit there and air-conditioned offices and complain, but you know what, it doesn't matter to me whatsoever, they're out of that field and they're doing a job for us like nobody else anywhere in the world can do. And the fact is, America is winning again and America is respected again.

Donald Trump: [Audience chants "USA"] But while we're creating jobs and killing terrorists and taking care of our borders, really setting records now, you see what's going on, and the wall is happening. It's getting built rapidly and that's a real wall. The radical-left Democrats are trying to rip our nation apart. [Audience shouts "Boo"] First, it was the Russia hoax, total hoax.

Donald Trump: It was a failed overthrow attempt and the biggest fraud in the history of our country, and then, you look at the Mueller deal. Do you remember that mess? They had nothing, two years, they spent $45 million, and the real cost is many times that number. And now, the same maniacs are pushing the deranged impeachment.

Donald Trump: And think of this, impeachment, impeachment [Audience shouts "Boo"] a witch hunt the same as before, and they're pushing that impeachment, witch hunt, and a lot of bad things happening to them because do you see what's happening in the polls? Everybody said that's really bullshit, true. Everybody. Now, the fake news back there, they're going to say, the President came, they will never talk about the crowd.

Donald Trump: You know, one of the Democrats yesterday had a rally, two people showed up, two people. They give us no credit. If somebody has a rally like a thousand people, they'll say so-and-so had a rally, it was packed, they had a thousand people. If we have a rally with 50,000 people, they don't talk about it, and I don't know much about this stadium.

Donald Trump: But I can tell you, it's big and you go outside, and there are a lot of people outside that can't get in, right? But the lies of the Democrats are being exposed, their schemes are unraveling, their crimes, and that's what it is, crimes. Did you ever hear this guy corrupt politician Schiff? He made up my statement to the Ukrainian President.

Donald Trump: He made it up. These are crooked people, but their crimes are being revealed and their sinister plans are failing at a level that nobody thought, even me, possible. The radical Democrats are trying to overturn the last election because they know that they cannot win the next election. It's very simple. You know when I started this.

Donald Trump: [Audience chants "Four more years"] You know when I started this. I said we're going to do this, we're going to do that, we're going to do -- it didn't mean anything. You know it's just like another guy trying to get elected. You know they're all trying so hard, but it's tough. It's not easy. It's not. You know when a guy goes out and they want to get people and nobody shows, it's true.

Donald Trump: It's not easy, but when I started this, no, no they haven't. That's normal. This is not normal. Do you think this is normal? Can I be honest in front of those fakers back there, some of the most corrupt people in the world? [Audience shouts "Boo"] I will tell you in front of these guys, and they're fake, and they're corrupt, but I will tell you this in front of the media.

Donald Trump: Let me just say, this has never happened before. We go out, we never have an empty seat, and all I say is, let's go to Florida. Just get me the biggest arena. It doesn't matter where. Let's go to Wisconsin. Let's go to Michigan. Let's go to Pennsylvania, North Carolina, South Carolina, let's go anywhere, Michigan, Michigan.

Donald Trump: And all I say is, it doesn't matter, just get me the biggest arena, and we get these massive arenas like this one, and they're packed. And we put big screens outside so people can see, and it happens because there's something happening in our country, like has never ever been seen before. In the twisted world view of the Washington, very sick Democrats, it was totally fine when crooked Hillary Clinton ran her outrageous pay-for-play schemes out of the State Department.

Donald Trump: [Audience chants "Boo"] And then, she deleted 33,000 e-mails after receiving a subpoena from Congress that was standard play. But when I have a perfect phone call, I use that -- it's a perfect call. There was a woman today being interviewed, they were talking to women who voted for Trump and they were trying to find -- no, no, no, they were trying to find.

Donald Trump: It's one of those crazy networks. You know the ones I'm talking about and they couldn't find the right guy. So, they got these 10 women and they were all for Trump, but they wanted to say, I voted for Trump or I won't do it again. They all said, they said, so, who's voting for Trump? Ten hands, right? No, no, it's incredible what's happening, it's incredible.

Donald Trump: They actually said -- and I shouldn't say this because they'll bring it up, but we have the greatest base in the history of politics. That's my opinion, OK. You're the smartest. They don't like to say that about you. Hey, I went to great colleges. You went to great schools or colleges, you people are successful as hell.

Donald Trump: They like to try and demean, always best, well, this and that. Let me tell you, we're winning, you're smarter, you're better-looking, you're sharper, and they call themselves elite. But if they're elite, then, we're the super-elite. It's true. It's true. They talk about these people that are elite, that you know, that are running.

Donald Trump: I mean, have you been watching these debates? What's elite about that? What's the elite, there's nothing elite, but we're doing great. We're going to have a tremendous victory, but when I have a perfect call, think of it, 33 what they get away with, and don't forget, I came to Washington having been there for a very, very few times in my life.

Donald Trump: So I say, look at this, and I'm riding down Pennsylvania Avenue, and I pass a hotel that I built, beautiful, and I said to the First Lady, who is doing a fantastic job. True, true. So, I think I might have been in Washington 17 times in my life, and I'm riding down, and I look at the First Lady and I say, Melania, do you believe it? I'm President, look, can you believe it? And I never saw so many motorcycles and I never saw so many police cars and we're going so fast in the opposite direction.

Donald Trump: It's not supposed to go that way, and I say this is cool. We can get used to this. This is OK. But I was thinking to myself when I said that. I said look, so, I get elected and I beat the Bush dynasty, OK. I get elected and I beat, and again, with no experience, I didn't have experience. I have tremendous world experience, but I didn't have political experience.

Donald Trump: So, I get elected and we beat the Clinton dynasty, right? And then, we beat Barack-Hussein Obama, and whatever the hell dynasty that is. So, we have 24 years of people putting people into office. So, we have tens of thousands of people and some are very nice, but I get stuck with a lot of people that I don't want, tens of thousands.

Donald Trump: And I'll tell you we're getting it right. We have a great Cabinet, we're doing things that no President has ever done before, and you've got to be very, very happy. You've got to be very, very happy because we have done more already. And hopefully, we have -- I'll say this to drive them crazy. Hopefully, we have at least another five years to go, at least.

Donald Trump: Because you know they think, you know, he's not leaving, he's not. Now, we have five years and we're going to make it a great five years. But you know what? We have done really, we have done much more than I promised. If you look at the tax cuts, if you look at the military, if you look at the VA, if you look at, Right to Try, Right to Try, how good is that?

Donald Trump: Right to Try, things that for years and years and years they've been trying to get passed. But when I have a perfect phone call with all of the horrible things that they've done with the President of Ukraine, they tried to claim that it's an impeachable offense, and one of the women said this morning, excuse me: I'm voting for Trump.

Donald Trump: I happen to read the transcript of his phone call and he did absolutely nothing wrong, and I'm voting -- can you imagine? They take this perfect call and they want to impeach your President. And you know what, here's the good news. We have more support in the Republican Party, Kevin McCarthy, Meadows, I'm going to introduce a couple of them.

Donald Trump: Jim Jordan, great champion wrestler. We've got a couple of them here. I'm going to save that. Steve Scalise who's been incredible, so many. Elise, how's Elise doing, right, new Star? No, no, it's incredible. Devin Nunes, how good is he, Devin? And so many more, I don't want to get into it, but I tell you what, a lot of stars are being made, and I was just told backstage, our poll numbers are through the roof because people don't like watching this scam.

Donald Trump: They don't like watching it. They don't like watching it. They've got a sick puppy, shifty Schiff. [Audience shouts "Boo"] And they don't like seeing what's happening and a lot of Democrats are saying, one of them was in today in Detroit. I believe and she's like a D, Democrat 30, that means, in other words, that's not one that we're going to work too hard to get, but you never know what happens, right?

Donald Trump: And she came out and said, essentially, hey, I'm not here to impeach the President. But what they're really saying is they don't like the position they're in and they're going to like it less and less, and we're going to take it right up to November 3rd, 2020. We're going to take back the House. We're going to take it back.

Donald Trump: So, the President of Ukraine declared that there was no pressure put on me. Now, he's the only one that matters. There was no pressure. He said it all different ways, there was no pressure. They don't even know what they're talking about. It's a scam. It's a hoax. The Ukrainian foreign minister stated, and I quote, Ambassador Sondland did not tell us, and certainly, did not tell me about a connection between the assistance and the investigation, he's never told them.

Donald Trump: I have never had a direct link between investigations and security assistance. OK, what that means, do you know what it means? It means we did zero, we did nothing wrong nothing. We did nothing wrong. A great Senator from Wisconsin, Ron Johnson, a supporter of us from day one, he's a great guy of Ukraine.

Donald Trump: He said who met privately with -- and he met with President Zelensky, and he said at no time during that meeting was there any mention by the President. You know what I'm talking about, right? At no time was there any mention or anything that we're feeling, that they were feeling any pressure in return for military aid?

Donald Trump: It's the craziest thing. They took this -- look, here's what happened. They were devastated by what happened with this Mueller witch hunt deal, and then, Mueller testified. How did he do what he testified to? How did he do? It wasn't too good but they were devastated. They say this is a disaster. Now, they say, give us anything, we'll impeach him.

Donald Trump: Let him go to the refrigerator and pick an orange. We'll go to -- from Florida, yeah, pick an orange from Florida. We're going to impeach him. We'll impeach him, but during the time period and issue, the U.S. government officials held many meetings with Ukraine and never once never did Ukraine or the officials say anything that was wrong.

Donald Trump: Then, all of a sudden, I'm hearing about a phone call, and then fortunately, they had transcribers. Hey, how about if I didn't -- with these lowlifes to talk, how about, if we didn't have a transcript. So, all I'm saying, I don't want to go into it too long, but all I'm saying is that, it's a terrible hoax.

Donald Trump: Last week, Sondland testified that I told him quote: what do you want from Ukraine? I said I want nothing. There's a quote. I want no quid pro quo. I want nothing, tell President Zelensky to do the right thing, to do what he ran on, that's what he said, OK? And everybody knows, everybody knows. A lot of people heard shifty make up a story where he actually made up what I said, but these are the facts.

Donald Trump: The case closed, game over, turn off the television. As soon as he said that, it was like, turn off the television. So, we're going to keep going. I've had Republicans come up to me, sir. Can we keep this sucker going a little bit longer? We've never seen anything like it with the polls. I said, let's get it over with, but you know what, we're stuck with dealing with very very sick and corrupt people.

Donald Trump: That's what it is. The failed Washington establishment is trying to stop me because I'm fighting for you and because we're winning. It's very simple. They're attacking me because I'm exposing a rigged system that enriched itself at your expense, and I'm restoring government of, by, and for the people. And if you want to see what corruption looks like, then take a look, no further than slow, sleepy Joe.

Donald Trump: I don't know what's going on with Joe. When sleepy Joe was in charge of Ukraine policy, his son, I call him where is he? Where's Hunter? Where is he? What happened to Hunter? Where's Hunter? His son received millions and millions of dollars from a Ukrainian energy company without a great -- you know the reputation of that company, despite knowing absolutely nothing about energy.

Donald Trump: What business are you in, sir? The mailbox business? Oh, bail bond, well, that's -- do you know Hunter Biden? Do you know sleepy Joe? Bail bond, whoa. So, did you ever work on energy before? You know more about energy, he said, no, then, Hunter, you know much more. Despite being thrown out of the Navy for lots of different reasons, we won't even go into it. He made no money, zero, nothing, and then, all of a sudden, his father becomes Vice President, and he's making millions and millions, and then, he goes to China, where, by the way, we're getting very close to a very good deal, and if we don't make it that's fine, but we're getting very close.

Donald Trump: Obviously, Hunter is dealing with different people that I'm dealing with in China because after 10 minutes, he walked away for his fund with $1.5 billion. I will tell you, I said to everybody, these are different people that I'm dealing with in China. They got much softer. That was what his father was Vice President, and now, they're finding other countries.

Donald Trump: Likewise, I will tell you something, the fake news doesn't want to bring it up. They protect everybody. [Audience shouts "Boo"] The Democrats, the Democrats on stage don't bring it up. Do you notice? They never bring it up, but if you should make it, it'll be brought up for about 75% of the time that we're debating because nobody ever got away with a scam like that, all right, nobody.

Donald Trump: But day after day, we're exposing the depravity, dishonesty, and sickness of the corrupt Washington Establishment, and let me tell you, they're rough, they're dirty players. They come at you from every side, they're coming at me from New York, they're coming at me from New Jersey, they're coming at me from every Democratic State like nobody's ever seen.

Donald Trump: Rush Limbaugh said, and Sean Hannity that he doesn't know a man or woman in the world that could take the crap that President Trump is taking. And I understand it. I understand it. And at the same time, be a great President because nobody in the first three years of a Presidency has done what we've done.

Donald Trump: Nobody -- nobody, that's very important. But with your help, we're going to complete the mission and we are draining the swamp indeed. On Election Day 2020, the crazy Democrats are going down in a landslide and that landslide is going to start right here in the great State of Florida. [Audience chants "USA"] Thank you.

Donald Trump: So, here's something that you just read about, right? We like these updated stories, don't we? Don't we like these -- something that happened a few days ago. We talk, who else does this? Most people they took and they read, and you know, everybody falls asleep, nobody comes. I say, darling, how was he? About somebody else, hopefully, it was so boring.

Donald Trump: It was so boring, and you know, I always say being Presidential is so easy, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you. But it's so easy. Doing what I do is tough. I said I like it. If you don't like it, if you don't love what you're doing, forget it. It's not going to work. I do, I do like it, and what we're doing together, has never been done before, never been done.

Donald Trump: But I like telling these life stories that happened a little while ago. They don't have to put them in speeches that you read stuff and people fall asleep. But on Saturday, you saw what happened. The White House physician called me and said, sir, you're home today. If I want it, meaning me, I could do some of the physical.

Donald Trump: You know in January we go for the physical. I never took physicals before, now, every year of us to take a physical, but it's important. It's good, right? It's good. Because January is a very busy month for you, sir. I said you're right. So, what do you want to do? I said OK, let's go. So, we went to Walter Reed Medical Center, fantastic place, incredible Doctors, and I was there for just a short while.

Donald Trump: I visited a family of a soldier being operated on, an incredible family, his son was in serious condition, and I stayed with him for a little while. I toured the hospital. I took a little part of my physical, so, I don't have to take it in January, very simple, and I got back into the motorcade, the car.

Donald Trump: We have many, many cars and trucks and ambulances, unfortunately, and lots of different things, right. We also have like a bus or whatever the hell carries these crazy people. And the press follows me wherever I go, unfortunately. You know in the old days, I could sneak out and go someplace. Today, these people are crazy, so, so, the press is -- everybody's there.

Donald Trump: We start, it's like a beautiful thing. If you like lots of cars and lots of action, but the press is following me. So, I hadn't even gotten back to the White House and that stupid, corrupt, horrible CNN, [Audience shouts "Boo"] whose ratings are terrible, by the way, and others, and others, whose ratings, by the way, CNN ratings are terrible.

Donald Trump: Oops, look, their light just went off. The light just went off. I shouldn't do it, I shouldn't do it because we lose a small audience when that happens. No, but they'll report it. So, here I am. [Unidentified] So, I'm there for a very routine, little, simple physical, and by the way, if there's something wrong, I got to tell you.

Donald Trump: I want to tell you about it because it's very big stuff, but I was there just to save a little time in January. I feel great. Hey, let me tell you, If I didn't feel great, I wouldn't be ranting and raving to 21,000 - 22,000 people with lots of people outside. I can tell you. So, I get back in, and now, it's a short drive.

Donald Trump: We arrive at the White House and I heard that they said, it came out in the media, including some of the very, very dishonest people that are here today. Look at that. It's like the Academy Awards used to be, used to be. You know the Academy Awards was big until they started hitting us. Now, they've gone down the tubes, but it's like the Academy Awards used to be. Look at all those lights back there.

Donald Trump: But I'm getting out of the car and somebody said, sir, you OK? I said, yeah. What's that all about. I go a few feet further and another security. Sir, sir, are you OK, sir? I said, yeah, I'm fine. What's -- what's going on? Nobody's ever asked me that. You know normally, I work. These are the greatest people, the military, the Secret Service they're the greatest, but they don't ever say, sir, are you OK? And I could see he was like troubled.

Donald Trump: He likes me you know and I walk another few feet, sir. I hope you're, OK, sir. I say what the hell is going on? And then, they said I had a massive heart attack, nothing to joke about. But they said I had a massive heart attack. I had a heart attack and it wasn't true. They knew it wasn't true. They were with me. If you've had a heart attack, you don't leave the hospital shortly after you get that.

Donald Trump: You stay in the hospital for a little while, like, about six weeks maybe. So, we had the people call, doesn't mean anything, because they're totally corrupt people, and they said, it's untrue. So, they brought it down from a massive, unbelievable heart attack. You know, it's very dangerous for them to do because the world, believe it or not, the rest of the world and the leaders, like and respect your President.

Donald Trump: We don't want to hear this and I like them. It's very sad. So then, instead, they brought it down a notch. They said you went into the hospital and it's true. I didn't wear a tie. Why would I wear a tie? If the first thing they do is they take off your shirt, sir, and show us that gorgeous chest? Shall -- we want to see.

Donald Trump: We've never seen a chest quite like it. No, but seriously, why would I put -- I mean, I put the tie on, and then, we're there in 20 minutes, I take it off for the physical. But they said, he wasn't wearing a tie, which is pretty unusual for me, honestly. I should have worn a tie. Maybe, it's not their fault.

Donald Trump: You never apologize but they said he wasn't wearing a tie. This is a sign of a massive heart attack. But we called up and our people did a good job screaming he's fine. There was nothing happened, they didn't believe it. They brought it down to tremendous chest pains. He had chest pains. One of them said, there were tremendous, oh, tremendous.

Donald Trump: The only one that didn't know it was me, I'm the only one. And then, they said like a little bit later, he's staying over in the hospital, but they knew I came back. They were with me. They were with me. They saw me get into the car. They saw us leave and they said I stayed at the great Walter Reed Hospital.

Donald Trump: So, we said, no, the chest pains aren't true, but they kept on reporting it. We couldn't get them to stop because they're corrupt, crooked, and we don't have freedom of the press. We have a very dishonest press. We have a very dishonest press. So then, on Monday, I flew to Texas, the great State of Texas, and I opened up an Apple computer plant.

Donald Trump: They make the new beautiful Mac, whatever. And I met with Tim Cook and did lots of work, and it's a long flight and I got back many hours later. It was late night, and I said you know what, I just set a record because yesterday or the day before, they said I had a massive heart attack, and now, a day later, I'm traveling to Texas to open up this big plant.

Donald Trump: I don't know not too many people have ever done that one before. So, I just want to tell you that so much, as an example, we had a great two weeks watching these crooked politicians, not giving us due process, not giving us lawyers, not giving us the right to speak, and destroying their witnesses, it fell apart.

Donald Trump: Those were their witnesses. We weren't allowed any rights. We had for the first time in the history of our country, we had virtually, no rights or due process, and despite that, we won. But if you read the crooked New York Times, if you read The Washington Post, which is just a horrible paper, you know, we don't have it anywhere in D.C., anymore.

Donald Trump: We don't deliver it, we don't give it, we used to buy it, we don't do it. And in fact, I ended it in the nation because I want them to get correct news, not fake news, but they're bad people. So, what happens? What happens? Is we go out, we win for the people, we keep winning. We won these last two weeks so solidly, but if you pick up the New York Times, if you pick up this crazy Washington Post, you would have no idea we won.

Donald Trump: But you know what, the people knew it, and that's why and that's why they don't want to have this. They don't want to see it go on. It probably will because the people are nuts and nuts, and I really think probably, it's a good thing for us as a party because I think, it's going to just walk us right through that election, which is going to take place already in less than a year.

Donald Trump: So, we're thrilled to be joined tonight by many terrific Republican leaders and I want to just have run up on the stage, but they're stars and their warriors, just like those three guys we helped out. These are warriors in a different way, but they're up there and they're fighting for your President and they're fighting for your country and they love the State of Florida, Congressman, Matt Gaetz, come on up, Matt.

Donald Trump: A man I just watched last night on television, he was fantastic. Congressman, Michael Waltz. Come on up, Michael. Get up here. Billy Posey, a great guy and a great fighter. Billy, come up. Come up, Billy. Gus Bilirakis, Gus, come on up, Gus. And a man who is an incredibly brave guy, a friend of mine. Somebody that's done a fantastic job, loves his State, Brian Mast, Brian.

Donald Trump: I want to introduce Attorney General and a friend of all of ours, who ran a great campaign, won easily, despite a lot of crooked stuff going on with those voting machines, a lot of bad stuff going on with those voting machines, Attorney General, Ashley Moody. Come on up, Ashley. And by the way, a friend of mine, a great woman, a great person, former Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi, come up, Pam.

Donald Trump: Come up, Pam. Florida's CFO Jimmy Patronis. Jimmy, come up, and Lieutenant Governor and somebody that really has become a star in this State, Jeanette Nunez. Come up, Jeanette. Incredible people. And somebody that's one of the most popular Governors anywhere in the country, and -- true, true. He better not be more popular in Florida than me, I'm never going to go. But here's a quick story, here's a quick.

Donald Trump: True. But here's a quick story. I shouldn't say it because I wouldn't want to say this but what the hell, right? So, you know Ron's been a friend of mine for a long time. He was a Congressman. He did an incredible job, always protecting me from the Russia witch hunt and beyond, with these guys with Matt and everybody.

Donald Trump: He'd be up an incredible race, and then, he ran against the Democrat, who is supposed to be unbeatable. He got beaten badly, and now, this is one of the most popular Governors. But I always thought Ron was a little bit heavy, and then, one day I'm with him and I pat him on the shoulder, and I go whoa, that's strong.

Donald Trump: That's a lot of muscle there. My hand didn't sink in, like it does with a lot of people, and then, I see him without a shirt one day and this guy is strong and he's not fat. That's all power. That's all muscle. I want to tell you that, and I said Ron, you're one of the few I say it to don't walk around with a jacket all the time take it off.

Donald Trump: People are going to see the real Ron, but he's a great guy. He's a tough guy. He's a brilliant guy and he's our Governor and I'm very proud. When we got involved with Ron, a lot of people were saying, do you think he can make it. I said he's going to make it because he's a champ, he's a winner, and I want you to say a few words, Ron. Thank you.

Ron DeSantis: Thank you. Great to be with you all, and let me just say, Mr. President, given your change of registration, welcome home to Florida. And why not come to Florida, we have one of the lowest tax burdens of any state in the country. You see some of these states that are going bankrupt. We have over a $5 billion in reserves with our budget, and I see some of these cities and states with lawlessness.

Ron DeSantis: When I came into office, I was proud to sign a bill banning sanctuary cities in the state of Florida. With your support, we are in the process of eliminating Common Core, and as soon as I came into office, I was able to replace on our state supreme court three Liberal justices with three conservative constitutional, and I've got to thank the President for his support of Florida.

Ron DeSantis: I mean, I'm kind of excited that he's here about -- I tell you. I'm really excited to have Melania as a Florida resident. I think in Florida, we're lucky to have my beautiful wife-to-be, I think, the best First Lady of all the 50 states, I'm just saying, but now, not only do we have Casey, who does a great job, but we also have Melanie as a Florida resident.

Ron DeSantis: So, we're really lucky in that regard in Florida, but let me tell you about the President. When we had a hurricane hit in Northwest Florida, a lot of people had forgotten about that. Those folks were really, really in dire straits. I went up to the Oval Office and even though a lot of people told them don't do anything, just let it go. He was right there standing behind the people of Northwest Florida.

Ron DeSantis: He has helped rejuvenate that area. He saved Tyndall Air Force base. It's going to come back bigger than ever, very important for our military. When we were trying to get Floridians access to cheaper prescription drugs, we had an avenue to let people buy them in Canada because it's about a third of the price a lot of times, and everyone said, no, you can't do it. You can't do it. I went out and met with the President.

Ron DeSantis: He said no, no, no, we're doing it, and so, they're in the process of putting that through right now. President Trump has stood with our communities in South Florida, Cuban-Americans, Venezuelan-Americans, stand for freedom in this hemisphere and stand against a dictatorship in places like Caracas and Havana, and the President has stood, where one of the most military and veteran-friendly states in the country.

Ron DeSantis: He has stood by our veterans and he has stood by our military. And so, our success in Florida, obviously, we've got a lot of great people in this state, but we have a President who not only understands Florida, he supports what we're doing here. I got him, bug him now about maybe locating the Space Command in Florida, at some point, I know the Air Force doesn't want it. But you know, he makes his own decisions, as we've seen so. So, Thank you, Mr. President, for being a good friend to Florida, and God bless you.

Ron DeSantis: God bless Florida, and God bless the United States of America. Thank you, guys.

Donald Trump: Great people and I'll say. Thanks to Republican policies, we have the hottest economy anywhere in the world that it's not even close. Unemployment has reached its lowest level in more than 51 years. In the last 12 months, Florida has seen the second-largest payroll increase of any state in the nation. People are making money.

Donald Trump: African-American unemployment has again just reached its lowest rate ever recorded in the history of our country. Hispanic-American and Asian-American unemployment have also recently achieved their lowest levels at any time in the history of our country. African-American poverty has reached an all-time historic low.

Donald Trump: Wages are rising fast and blue-collar Florida workers saw their wages grow nearly 4.5% in just the last 12 months. People are finally starting to see. For 21 years, they were going backwards. People would work, 21 years ago when I was running first, 24 years ago. People would have tremendous problems. They would make more money many, many years ago, decades ago.

Donald Trump: Then, they were making three years ago and they'd have two and three jobs. That's not happening anymore. You can go and choose your job. If you don't like what you're doing, if you don't like, if you're not having a good time getting up in the morning, all you do is find a new job, and you'll get more money, most likely.

Donald Trump: You've never been so successful. You have never been successful like you've been right now. Never, never even -- and this state has never had this success, and by the way, you had a great Governor previous to Ron, Rick Scott who's now your Senator, and Marco Rubio, a great guy. We have two great guys, Marco and Rick, two great guys.

Donald Trump: They love this state. The median-income under President Bush rose $400 over an eight-year period, now think of this. So, eight years, $400. Under President Obama, it rose $975 over an eight-year period. So, you have $400 eight years, $975 eight years, and under Trump in less than three years, it rose $5,000. But, but that's $5,000, but now you can add to the $5,000 from tax cuts, regulatory cuts, and energy savings.

Donald Trump: You know we're the No. 1 in the world. We can add another $5,000. So, it's $400, it's $975 eight years, eight years, and less than three years, $10,000 median. Nobody's going to beat that. Nobody's going to beat that and we're going to keep it going. We have tremendous untapped potential. We ended the last administration's war on American energy.

Donald Trump: The United States is now the No. 1 producer of oil and natural gas anywhere in the world. The Democrats want to close it up. I don't know what they're going to use. I guess little tiny windmills, they don't like the big ones. They kill too many birds and we're reversing decades of ruinous trade policies that demolished one in four and the number is actually now greater than that when they look back.

Donald Trump: Florida manufacturing jobs, remember, you need a magic wand, you're never going to bring it back. That was President Obama, you need a magic wand after the twin disasters of NAFTA, horrible. One of the worst trade deals ever made and China's entrance into the WTO, the World Trade Organization. For years, bought and paid for politicians took money from special interests to ship your jobs to other countries.

Donald Trump: Their campaign coffers got full and the lives of hardworking Americans were destroyed. You know what happened all these companies left. They left you with the jobs. They left you with nothing, but you're having the greatest year, in Florida, you're having the greatest year in the country that we've ever had before.

Donald Trump: A doctor please, doctor in the house, doctor in the house, please. Thank you. Thank you very much. Are you OK? You look like a tough guy to me. I'll tell you. Thank you. Get him a little water, get him a little water, something. You know in the old days, we used to share water. Today, that doesn't happen so much.

Donald Trump: Remember, we'd share? But our administration has done things that people haven't seen for a long time, maybe ever, no more putting our country second, third, 20th, 30th, we put America first now. We put it first. Thanks to our steel tower, steel mills are now firing back up across our nation. They're doing fantastically well, including a brand new $240 million investment in Polk County, good place, Florida Polk County.

Donald Trump: We're replacing the NAFTA catastrophe. If Nancy Pelosi will ever sign it and send it, we're waiting for months. You know USMCA, U.S.-Mexico-Canada Agreement is an incredible agreement, everybody wants it. The Democrats want it. She doesn't want to give the people of our country a victory. So, I don't know.

Donald Trump: Maybe, she'll put it -- all she has to do is move it forward, everyone's going to vote for it, a lot of people. But it's one of the greatest deals ever, and you know at a certain point, Canada and Mexico they've been waiting for many months. They're going to say, you know what, let's forget about it, she got to sign it, everybody wants it. She's got to put our country first, got to put our country first.

Donald Trump: Because it's a tremendous win for Florida farmers and all farmers, for growers and ranchers, from all over our country. Yet, she and the Democrats, they just have done nothing. They're doing nothing, folks. They're doing nothing, it's a terrible thing, it's a terrible thing. So, Congresswoman Mucarsel-Powell, where is she?

Donald Trump: Is she's here? I'd love to see her and Congresswoman Shalala? [Audience shouts "Boo"] You know, I know her well in New York. They're in for -- you got to get Nancy to put it up, Congresswomen. Just get it to put it up, Nancy's on track to go down, as the single worst at least productive Speaker of the House in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: Before my election, our leaders used the great American middle class as a piggy bank to fund their delusional global projects. It's all over the globe. Remember this, I'm President of the United States, I'm not President of the world. They decimated American manufacturing to promote economic growth in foreign countries.

Donald Trump: They used our military to defend immensely wealthy nations, subsidizing their welfare states with your money. They spent trillions and trillions of dollars on wars in the Middle East. By the way, you see what's happening, we're winning and pulling them back and pulling them back a lot of folks reporting today.

Donald Trump: They said that we are doing great. You know we defeated ISIS, just so you understand that. We defeated 100% of the ISIS caliphate, but when we see them forming, we go in and get them. Our military is unsurpassed but they did this while our cities at home fell into decay and disrepair. We spent $8 trillion in the Middle East and when we want to fix a road or a highway or a school, it's not easy to get the money, but we're getting it done anyway.

Donald Trump: After years of rebuilding other nations, we are finally rebuilding our nation. It's about time too. We are finally putting America first. Past leaders transform faraway nations into blood-soaked war zones. Then, they demanded that Americans accept unlimited migration from those same terror-afflicted regions.

Donald Trump: We don't want to do that. We don't want to do that and we're not doing that. As President, I will not allow our immigration system to be used against us. I will not allow political correctness to put our families in danger and our communities at risk. We won't do it. To protect our people from these great threats abroad, I implemented the travel ban and I just heard today, by the fact is, that the travel ban failed in court.

Donald Trump: But it didn't, it won in the Supreme Court. They said it failed and they said that but you know what they meant in an earlier court, it lost. They didn't say that it won in this room. But how is that one? He -- he's -- they said he lost in court on the travel ban and that's right, in the early court. And then, I lost at the appellate division.

Donald Trump: And then, I won at the United States Supreme Court. So, we have a travel ban, but they didn't say that. They didn't say that. They forgot to tell you the last part. So, we're keeping terrorists, we're keeping criminals and violent extremists, the hell out of our country, we're keeping them out, and we're doing great on the border.

Donald Trump: We're doing great on the border or no issue, you have Democrat politicians become more dangerous than immigration. The Democratic Party wants open borders, which is a betrayal of every mother and father who wants deadly drugs to be kept out of their community. They want open borders. I mean, figure this one.

Donald Trump: They want sanctuary cities, let the criminals go in. They want open borders, let everybody pour into our country, no matter who they are, and they want one other thing, higher taxes. I don't understand it. You know all my life, I grew up. I'd be watching, and I always had this great interest in politics, fortunately for you.

Donald Trump: But I always had this great interest and I'd say, gee, they're going to lower taxes. That's great. That's good. The Democrats want to raise taxes, have open borders, and have sanctuary cities. To me, I don't think that plays about -- what the heck do I know? They want to raise your taxes and the threat is to every child whose school is under siege from these horrible gangs that they would allow in like MS-13. We have taken thousands and thousands of MS-13 gang members the hell out of our country and brought them back to where they came from.

Donald Trump: In the Republican Party, we believe that all Americans, including millions of wonderful legal immigrants, are entitled to an immigration system that puts their needs first. We want to come first, we want to let people in. You know the big door that I used to talk about. We want a big door but people have to come in legally, and they have to come in through merit.

Donald Trump: They have to come through. But thanks to our tireless efforts to secure the border, Border Patrol, ICE, law enforcement, incredible people, illegal crossings are down 70% since May, and the wall is going up faster than anybody ever would have thought and that wasn't easy getting that wasn't easy. You had a whole party.

Donald Trump: The Democrats would not give me anything, any money didn't matter, billions and billions for anything except the wall. Even though five years ago, they all wanted the wall. The only reason they didn't want the wall is because I wanted it, and I made a terrible mistake. I never admit it, they always say I never apologize for a mistake, but I did.

Donald Trump: I should have said, we will not build a wall and they would have demanded that we build a wall, right? If I would have said, we're never going to build a wall. They would have said, we're going to build a wall. So, I made a mistake, what am I going to do? And we're removing illegal border crossers from Central America at a pace that's never been done before.

Donald Trump: During my first two years in office, are you OK? OK, doctor, please, doctor? Thank you. Thank you. He's strong. Thank you very much. Doctor, thank you. Thank you, fellas. Great. Don't forget, these people have been standing for two and a half days. It's a lot. That's a lot. Thank you. You go ahead, come on back if you're feeling well, OK? That's the man I asked a question to before and he gave me a good answer.

Donald Trump: You come on back when he's feeling -- yeah, go ahead, fellas. You come back when you're feeling better, OK? Come back. Tough guy. Thank you. That's great. That's great. Thank you, firefighters. Thank you. Thank you very much. What a great job. You're right on the ball people, amazing. Thank you. Bring him back as soon as he feels good.

Donald Trump: During my first two years in office, Border Patrol seized 7,000 more pounds of deadly drugs than in the last two years of the Obama administration. Seizures of heroin were up 40%. The far-left embrace of sanctuary cities demonstrates their scorn and disdain for everyday Americans. Sanctuary cities have adopted a policy now of lawless anarchy aimed at innocent civilians.

Donald Trump: They deliberately release dangerous criminals onto our streets, out of our jails. It's crazy. Republicans believe our cities should be sanctuaries for law-abiding Americans, not for criminal aliens. In the Democrat Presidential debate, every single Democrat candidate raised their hand and pledged to give illegal aliens free healthcare, courtesy of you, the American taxpayer.

Donald Trump: [Audience shouts "Boo"] They all raised their hand. I couldn't believe it. I will never allow Democrats in Washington to take away your healthcare and give it to illegal immigrants. The Democrat Party is determined to launch a government takeover of healthcare that would take away your doctor, eviscerate Medicare, and put every single senior citizen at risk.

Donald Trump: Republicans will always safeguard Medicare for our cherished seniors always. We will strongly protect patients with pre-existing conditions, and we will protect your pre-existing physicians, how about that? Which the Democrats are not going to be doing. Thanks to our tireless effort to lower the price of prescription drugs, drug prices have declined in our country for the first time in more than 50 years.

Donald Trump: Think of that? But as we're working closely with your Governor to bring drug prices down even more here in Florida and other states if they wanted and they all would want it. And as what Ron said, we're allowing your state to buy the identical drug oftentimes made in the same factory from other countries where the prices are 50%, 60% and 70% lower.

Donald Trump: Can you imagine this? That's because our system is all screwed up, so I say, go to Canada, buy them, and it'll change. Watch what happens, watch what happens with the drugs, but I'm giving Florida and I'm giving some other states. We're giving Florida, though the right to go and buy at a much lower price.

Donald Trump: Virtually, every top Democrat, also supports late-term abortion, ripping babies straight from the mother's womb right up until the moment of birth. That's why I've asked Congress to prohibit extreme late-term abortion because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift from God. Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortion, socialism, and blatant corruption.

Donald Trump: The Republican Party is the party of the American worker, the American family, the American dream. And remember this, the Republican Party is the party of Abraham Lincoln, we forget. Abraham Lincoln and I've always heard that the most important thing a President can do is the appointment of judges. I say, maybe the military, because, without the military, we're not so interested in judges, right?

Donald Trump: So, I think maybe the military, but we've done a great job with that, totally rebuild. But we have appointed more than 160 Federal Judges, including Court of Appeal Judges to interpret the Constitution as well. And we'll soon have 182, which will be a record. We are strongly protecting our environment because we want America to have the cleanest air and the cleanest water anywhere on earth.

Donald Trump: Here in Florida, just as I promised, we have delivered over half a billion dollars to fix Lake Okeechobee. Remember that I kept saying we're going to do it? Have you -- actually much more than $500 million and we've had it fixed. We fixed the Herbert Hoover Dike and we restored the ecosystems in the Florida Everglades.

Donald Trump: It's been incredible and we did that altogether. They've been talking about doing it for years. They didn't do anything, it's all almost finished. It's finished in some cases, but almost finished and all the money has been gotten for Florida. I also signed legislation authorizing $100 million to fight red tide and other toxic algae that damages our coastal areas, and now, Ron's got the money that he wants.

Donald Trump: So, he'll get it straightened out, $100 million. Together, we will preserve Florida's majestic natural beauty for every generation to come, and that's what we're doing. We're investing over $2 trillion. Think of it. It would be up to $2.5 trillion in our military, including nearly $200 million for military installations from Eglin Air Force Base on the Panhandle.

Donald Trump: I love that Panhandle, wow, remember during the election, that great election night, right? Election night 2016, we're out there, remember that? Was that one of the greatest evenings ever? And Florida was coming inside of even, we're doing well, a little ahead of schedule and doing well, and Florida was the first really big state, and we're going along and everything's all right.

Donald Trump: We're pretty even with crooked Hillary, and then, all of a sudden, we heard a thing called the Panhandle and it was like a rocket ship. The Panhandle and we take care of the Panhandle. We love the Panhandle. We also spend a lot of money on MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa, a lot. In Panama City, we're building big beautiful ships for our incredible Coast Guard.

Donald Trump: What they've done for your hurricanes and in the case of Texas, Puerto Rico. This state will also be playing a critical role in the sixth branch of the U.S. military, the Space Force. The Democrats are trying to stop it. They're trying to stop it, but I think, we're in pretty good shape. We need it. That's the new frontier.

Donald Trump: You look at China, you look at Russia, you look at some of these countries, it's about space. We have to have it. We're behind and we don't want to be behind. We'll never be behind again like that. Space force, brand new. I withdrew from the horrible one-sided Iran nuclear deal. I recognized Israel's true capital and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem, and we have recognized Israel's sovereignty over the Golan Heights.

Donald Trump: They've been trying to get that done for 52 years. They've been working on Jerusalem and the embassy and the capital for many, many Presidents. Everybody said we're going to do it during the campaign. We're going to do it, we're going to do it, never got done. In fact, we have a man with us tonight, the Ambassador to Israel, Ambassador David Friedman, where's David?

Donald Trump: Did I do a good job for Israel, David? Great Ambassador, great success story. Here in the Western Hemisphere, we are confronting the brutal menace of communism and socialism. We are proudly supporting the great people of Venezuela, Cuba, and Nicaragua in their righteous struggle for freedom, and you know that.

Donald Trump: And to those who would try to impose the horrors of socialism on our country, I say again tonight, America will never be a socialist country, ever. This election is a choice between turning back to the path of American decline. We were declining. We were not respected. I can tell you that. We were not respected.

Donald Trump: Everybody took advantage of our country and you see what's happening. We were for sale. This gentleman just said we were for sale. We're not for sale anymore. But now, we're continuing forward to a future of American strength and dominance. If you look at the dominance, look at what we're doing. Nobody ever thought they were going to see this and American prosperity.

Donald Trump: It's a choice between whether our country will be ruled by the corrupt politicians and bureaucrats, and you've been watching. You know what I'm talking about. You think it's easy. They've been entrenched for a long time, some very bad, some very bad people or whether we will be ruled by the American people.

Donald Trump: For years and years, you watched as your politicians apologize for America. Now, you have a President who is standing up for America and we are standing up for the incredible people of Florida. Thank you very much. With your help, we will lift millions more of our citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence, and poverty to prosperity.

Donald Trump: Together, we will elect a Republican Congress to create a fair, safe, sane and lawful system of immigration. They don't want to approve loopholes. They don't want to approve anything. They want people to pour into our country, and many of those people are very bad people. With the help of our Governor and our great Congressmen and Senators, we will fight to give school choice to every child in America who needs it. We will enact trade deals and they're coming along great.

Donald Trump: We just finished our big deal with Japan. We just did our deal with South Korea. That was so bad, those deals -- and we made them into great deals, fair deals, and if they don't want to make the deals, I say that's OK, we're just going to tariff your product that pours into our country like they do to us. But we are enacting trade deals that result In more products proudly stamped with that beautiful phrase, Made in the USA.

Donald Trump: We will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine, finding new cures for childhood cancer and ending the AIDS epidemic in America within 10 years. Can you believe it? We can do that. We now have the science to do it. And it could have been started before my administration, but they didn't do that, but I did it. Think of that, who would have thought that was possible.

Donald Trump: When they told me about that a year and a half ago, I said I didn't know that, and the doctors came in, they said, no, that's what we can do. We're going to end the AIDS epidemic within 10 years. Think of that. We will chart a new era of discovery of space, and someday soon, we will land an American astronaut on the surface of Mars.

Donald Trump: That's what we're shooting. That says doing a great job and we have some private rich guys. They love rocket ships. So, we say, go ahead, Elon. We said, go ahead. Elon, play your games. Go ahead. You can use our property. Just pay us some nice rent, please. We will defend privacy, free speech, free assembly, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms.

Donald Trump: And above all, we will never stop fighting for the sacred values that bind us together, as one beautiful country as one America. We support, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States. We stand with the incredible heroes of law enforcement. We believe in the dignity of work and the sanctity of life.

Donald Trump: We believe that faith and family, not government and bureaucracy, are the true American way. We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag. And we will always live by the words, and nobody will take those words away like they try to do with so many things, nobody, of our national motto, In God We Trust.

Donald Trump: Nobody's taking them away. We stand on the shoulders of American Patriots, who crossed the oceans, settled the continent, tamed the wilderness, revolutionized industry, pioneered science, won two World Wars, defeated fascism and communism, landed men on the moon, and made America the greatest nation in the history of the world, and we are making it greater than ever before.

Donald Trump: Proud citizens, like you, helped build this country, and together, we are taking back our country, and we're taking it back from some very bad people. We are returning power to you, the American people, with your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning.

Donald Trump: We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. Our beautiful America is thriving like never before, and ladies and gentlemen, the best is yet to come. True. True. We will, together, make America wealthy again, that's happening. We will make America strong again, that's happened.

Donald Trump: We will make America proud again, that's happening and has happened. We will make America safe again, and we will Make America Great Again. Thank you, Florida. Thank you very much.