Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-kag-rally-battle-creek-mi-december-18-2019

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you to Vice President Pence. He's a good guy. We've done a great job together. Merry Christmas, Michigan. Thank you, Michigan. What a victory we had in Michigan. What a victory. Was that one of the greatest? Was that the greatest evening? But I'm thrilled to be here with thousands of hardworking patriots as we celebrate the miracle of Christmas, the greatness of America and the glory of God.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. And did you notice that everybody is saying Merry Christmas again? Did you notice? Saying Merry Christmas. I remember when I first started this beautiful trip this beautiful journey, I just said to the first lady, "You're so lucky I took you on this fantastic journey. It's so much fun.

Donald Trump: They want to impeach you. They want to do worse than that. By the way, by the way, [Crowd chanting "Boo!"] by the way, it doesn't really feel like we're being impeached. The country is doing better than ever before. We did nothing wrong. We did nothing wrong and we have tremendous support in the Republican Party like we've never had before nobody's ever had this kind of support, but this sacred season in our country is thriving and it's thriving truly like it has never -- it has never happened before to the extent.

Donald Trump: What's happening now -- and by the way, your state, because of us, not because of local government, but because of us, because of the job that we've done, because I understand she's not fixing those potholes. That's what the word. It was all about roads and they want to raise those gasoline taxes, and you -- we don't want to do that.

Donald Trump: But she's not fixing the potholes. But Michigan's had the best year it's ever had. Best year it's ever had. And that's because we have auto companies expanding and thriving and they're coming in from Japan and they're coming In from a lot of other places. Look what's happening, and you know, I don't know if you know this, but probably 10 years ago, I was honored.

Donald Trump: I was the man of the year by, I think somebody, whoever. I was the man of the year in Michigan. Can you believe it? Longtime. That was long before I ever decided to do this. I was happy. I had a beautiful life. What the hell did I do this for? But look how we're doing. Do we love it? I love it. [Crowd cheering] But, anyway, I was the man of the year and probably, like close to 10 years ago, and I came to Michigan -- He said, "You're still the man of the year." Who said that?

Donald Trump: Thank you. So I came in and I remember the speech so well. I said, "Why are you allowing them to steal your car companies? Why are you allowing them to go to Mexico and to go from China, where they come in from China, they build them in China. They sell them into a country with no tax and you lose your jobs.

Donald Trump: You lose your factories, the companies leave and you get nothing." Why are they -- I asked that a long time ago and we've stopped it. We've stopped it. Do you see that? And we just made the USMCA -- we're getting rid of NAFTA, which I think is the worst trade deal ever and it's very exciting. It's a great deal.

Donald Trump: It's a great deal. It's going to stop exactly what we were just talking about. It makes it very very prohibitive. They can do it, but they've got to pay a hell of a big price to do it. And history has proven that stops some. But we have a great USMCA that we negotiated with Mexico, with Canada. Now, from the standpoint of the farmers, you know, what's going on, we had tremendous trade barriers in Canada.

Donald Trump: We had a tax on dairy products, 297% tariff. Nobody talked about it with Canada, and we had some really bad things with Mexico. We now have a wonderful deal and if we didn't have a good deal, you know what I would have done? What? I would have put tariffs on both countries, and that would have been it. Right?

Donald Trump: That would have been it. Unfortunately, the deal has been sitting with Nancy Pelosi for a long time and what happened [Crowd chanting "Boo!"] and she had a lot of pressure, especially from manufacturing areas, farm areas, a lot of pressure to sign it. So here's what happens, so I get along with labor. You know I had a lot of union labor vote for me, tremendous amount of labor.

Donald Trump: In New York, where I come from, we have a lot of unions and that's OK, that's fine. So we left a little stuff for the union because we figured to get it signed, we'll give a little bit and we did it and we have one great deal, and now you have the Democrats tried to take credit for this deal and that's OK. Whatever it takes.

Donald Trump: For seven months it sits, they don't do anything, we give -- and by the way, I spoke to the unions the day before, I say, "Fellas, you got to get it done." And you know, and Union Labor loves me, and I love you too, sir. I love you too, sir. So we have a great deal with Mexico, with Canada. And it is trite.

Donald Trump: I say it out loud because I say to them right now, they haven't wanted to break the deal, that's OK. If somebody wants to break a deal with me, you always have to have an alternative, right? And this country, the deals we made. You know we did a deal with South Korea that's great. We did a deal with Japan, $40 billion deal with Japan.

Donald Trump: And we're not -- That was just a little piece of a deal. OK. That was a piece of a deal. Then I said to Japan, "Look, you've got to make this deal. Oh, we're gonna put a 20% tariff on the cars." And that's more money than anything we're talking about. So we have [Crowd chanting "Boo!"] That's all right. That's all right.

Donald Trump: That's all right. Get her out. [Crowd cheering "USA"] Get her out of here. Oh, well you're about to hear the greatest speech you've ever heard and that's going to be the publicity because all the fake news back there will say: Massive riot, massive riots, fake news. But seriously, look, look, look, they won't say it. They won't say it because when we have protesters all in favor, they don't talk about it, but there's a slob, there's a real slob, wait, wait a minute.

Donald Trump: She'll get hell when she gets back home with mom. But she made -- Look. She screams a little bit and you know what I like to avoid them, because, you know, I'll tell you the big problem. I could hardly hear her. What happens is all of you people go crazy, "Look, look, look." And the place -- OK, so there's one disgusting person who made -- Wait, wait.

Donald Trump: Who made it -- I wouldn't say this, but made a horrible gesture with the wrong finger, right? Now, they won't say that, the fake news. They won't say. If one of us did that, it would be like the biggest story ever. I think it's terrible. And I'll tell you the other thing, I don't know who the security company is, but the police came up, but they want to be so politically correct, so they don't grab a risk likely and get her out.

Donald Trump: They say, "Oh, would you please come? If you please come with me. Sir, ma'am, would you -- " And then she gives the guy the finger and you -- Oh, oh. You got to get a little bit stronger than that, folks Now I hate to say it. I hate to say it but, of course, the guy's afraid that, you know, he'll grab a wrist slightly and he'll be sued for the rest of his life, that you've destroyed her life.

Donald Trump: No, but I think it's a terrible thing. And here's what happened so these fakers back there, they're the most dishonest people in the world. They'll go back -- [Crowd chanting "Boo!] This is one person who made a horrible gesture only because the security band let her have so much time and usually I have to say, the police do an incredible job.

Donald Trump: They do it so quickly, and they're going to make that like it was the biggest event like you know, so just forget it. We know, we know what's going on, and that's the good thing with live television. Look at all that live television back there. So, in addition to the USMCA, which is going to be great for the automobile business, should even be good for the cereal business, Battle Creek.

Donald Trump: Battle Creek. I've been eating Battle Creek cereals for a long time, too much, too much. They're still making great cereal, right? I hope. I know the area is doing good, but in addition, we made a great deal with China. And you know, China's paying us billions and billions of dollars a year, they never gave us 10 cents.

Donald Trump: They've been giving us a billion dollars and we're leaving the 25% tariffs on 250 billion, they didn't mention that. We're leaving, you know, we're making another group of tariff, seven and a half percent. This gives us a lot of currency to do the Phase 2 deal, which they want to start. but we'd, take it in billions of dollars and to help the farmers who were targeted, 16 billion and 12 billion the previous year, helps the farmers.

Donald Trump: So you know we do? Out of that big check that we get out of, money flows into the treasury, right? Out of the big check, we gave the farmers $16 billion and 12 billion for the previous [Inaudible]. And you know the incredible thing? And I was with a lot of farmers, I was with a group of 36 farmers at the White House, you know they said to me? I said, "Don't worry about it, we're going to take care, you, guys." And I used a bad word.

Donald Trump: You know what word I used? We're going to get you a subsidy, and they said this two years ago. I said, "How much were you targeted for?" This was the first year. "Twelve billion, sir." The second year was 16, they were a target, that's what they didn't get from China. So I said, "It's all right. We're going to give you a subsidy of the same and we're going to take it out of the tariffs and we're gonna have billions and billions of dollars left out." And they said, "Sir, we don't want money.

Donald Trump: We just want a level playing field." I've never seen that before. It's true. They just want to be able to have a level playing field. I could -- Because, you know, I said in a lot of those meetings, and whether it's countries or whether it's companies, everybody wants money. The farmers just wanted a level playing field, but we took good care of our farmers, that I can tell you.

Donald Trump: And we made the largest ever investment in our military, $738 billion, all made in the USA, right? [Inaudible]. So we will have invested in our military, since I'm here, which is less than three years, our military, by the way, in all due respect to the previous two administrations, our military was -- was depleted, it was depleted, it was in bad shape.

Donald Trump: We had fighter jets that were 35 years old. We had planes that were 60, as you heard, where the father flew him. The grandfather flew him, and now the young son comes in, we've got the best equipment in the world now spent $2.5 trillion, made in the USA, two and a half trillion. We will shortly that'll be all finished.

Donald Trump: We're going to have the greatest milit -- we have the best planes. We can have the best ships, we're building a lot of ships now. We're building the most powerful weapons in the world. Now, we don't want to even talk about it. We never want to use them, but you know the way we're not going to have to use them is if we have them.

Donald Trump: We're building submarines, the power of which nobody's ever seen before. Nobody's ever seen before. You know it's funny, we have these kind of companies coming, I'd like to make good deals. You like to make good deals, that's what we do, right? So these countries that come in, prime ministers, presidents, sometimes dictators, those we can't deal with too much.

Donald Trump: Sir, we'd like to buy a nuclear submarine. I say, "No, thanks." I turn them all down. You have no idea how many people, but we're building some of the -- They're most powerful weapons ever made by man or womankind. I say mankind and womankind. [Crowd cheering] See in the old days -- in the old days I would say mankind, now I say mankind, womankind.

Donald Trump: This way I don't get in trouble with our friends, but we have the most powerful in the world and what we're doing is incredible. What we're doing with missiles with rockets with everything. And you know what, again, we don't want to ever have to use it. But we will never have anything like what's mostly been built.

Donald Trump: We have the F-35, it's tough. It's tough. And I was at one of the areas, where they're displaying it and I went up to the pilots and honestly, they're better looking than Tom Cruise, OK. Good movie. Good guy too, by the way. The face is equal, maybe slightly better, the body is bigger and stronger. They can definitely -- just like me, no. They can definitely fight, they're the real deal.

Donald Trump: These guys are so good-looking, I said, You could be a movie star, go to Hollywood." "No, sir. I like doing what I'm doing." So, I said to these guys -- You gotta see. Just like central casting, I said, I said, "Fellas, How good is this plane? They said, "Sir, it's great." "Why?" "Because the enemy can't see it." That helps.

Donald Trump: Stealth. It's actually called super stealth. So I said, "You mean they can't see, so you shoot at them, but they can't." He said, "They have no idea where we are, sir." I said that sounds good to me. Nobody does it, nobody could do it. We have the whole thing and we bought it a lot of those planes. We wanted a lot of great stuff and I won't tell you this story, but very early on, I thought we were going to have a problem someplace and one of the generals came up to me and said, "Sir, don't go, don't do it." "Why?" "We don't have the ammunition." And I said two things: I never want to hear a president, right?

Donald Trump: We never want to have a president hear that again, nor do we want a president to have to go through the crap that we're going through right now. Those two -- But you know another thing we did, which to me is such an incredible thing to have done. It's such an honor. So our last U.S armed forces, the last branch was the air force, right?

Donald Trump: That was many, many decades ago. We are now building and we have now gotten funding for the sixth branch of the United States Armed Forces, the Space Force, the Space Force. So I'll be able to tell my kids someday and everybody else, "See that Space Force, that was my baby." And you think that was easy? That's not easy.

Donald Trump: Because you have Democrats that do not like our military. They do not like our military. And we did something yesterday because for three years I would see people that run, incredible people, the heads of the Historically Black Colleges and Universities in the country, and every year that come in and they'd be looking for help, they needed help and they do need help with it and it's great and they do an incredible job, so many great schools, but they need help.

Donald Trump: And every year they have to come and come, I get to know them actually. I said, "The only bad thing is you won't see me too much anymore, because we just provided record funding for our nation's historically black colleges and universities." [Crowd cheering.] Right. And it's long term, they're not going to have to come.

Donald Trump: So I said, "Look. You know we could do it, what we do it every year. We'll do what we have. What do you want? They said, let's just have it. So we'll miss them, but they are great people, they've done an incredible job. And our extraordinary jobs boom, which created another 266,000 jobs last month. [Crowd cheering] And then you add the undercount from the previous to much close to 300,000 jobs, and you know they said -- If you're a business watch, which I am. I love watching business, but they said they were guessing, could be. 70,000 could be 80,000, maybe 90, maybe 110, somebody said.

Donald Trump: Then the number comes out, 266,000 with an adjustment. Remember about four months ago, when we had one little period, right? We had one a little period where there was a little downturn. They said, "Oh, oh, we think we're going into a recession." I said, "Don't worry about it." "We think we're going into a recession." They were willing to lose their wealth, they were willing for their stocks and whatever the hell they own.

Donald Trump: What do you guys own back there? Let it go, they'll go bust, they don't care anything to get rid of us, not me, us. And you know what? Then all of a sudden and now, for the last couple of weeks, we've said brand new records in the history of the various stock markets. [Crowd cheering] So, as of yesterday, we've had 133 record days in the stock market now, and that's in less than three years.

Donald Trump: So when I see that, I don't care, because I don't -- I'm not allowed to have stock. I can't have stock. They considered the conflict of interest, and that I can't understand, I mean, I can't. But you know what? I'll tell you what. What I see, I see tremendous job growth because we're setting records. But you know what I also see?

Donald Trump: The 401(k)s, where people are up 90%, they're up 97%, they're up 82%. I tell you this story all the time. I mean, I have people coming up to me and a man came up, a policeman. I've told this story, but I had -- I've had many, so many times, but this guy in particular, because I was early, and that was a year ago, that was a long time ago.

Donald Trump: Right now it's much higher than that. But he said, "Sir, I want to thank you. My wife thinks I'm a loser. All my life we never did well with the 401(k)s, with stocks. I -- everything I invested. I'm up 72%, sir. She thinks I'm a financial genius. She's so in love with me. She's so in love." So he said, "She said, Darling, I think you're one of the greatest investors.

Donald Trump: Why didn't you do this professionally?" "And I don't even know what I'm doing, sir? I just have all these stocks." So I just want to tell you, I look at -- at a 401(k), everyone -- Who has 401(k)s here, right? So that's what I see. I don't care about the rich ones. I care about everybody. I care -- I care about everybody, actually.

Donald Trump: So Ford Motor Company just announced that it is investing $1.5 billion in two auto factories in the Detroit area, creating another 3,000 Michigan, and that's on top of the many other investments we've gotten from Japanese companies, car companies and other companies, but they're all coming in and a lot of them are coming to Michigan.

Donald Trump: And I say, "Hey, go to Michigan." Sometimes they'll go south and that's OK, whatever. I want them in this country. But ideally, I want to fill them up. We're doing so well in Michigan with the auto companies. Now you're back, you're back. So you're back, very proud of it. Very proud of it. But while we're creating jobs, fighting for Michigan workers and achieving numbers that you've never seen before, incredible victories for the American people are happening.

Donald Trump: The radical left in Congress is consumed with hatred and envy and rage, you see what's going on. I'll tell these people are crazy. You ever hear or see the economy stupid. You know, that was Clinton saying, "If you have a good economy -- " I have the greatest economy in the history of this country [Crowd cheering] and nobody talks about it. Nobody talks about it. You know if you're a Democrat, they say, "Oh, it's the economy." If the economy's any good.

Donald Trump: And let me just tell you a little secret, if crooked Hillary would have won, your economy would have crashed. You were going down. The regulations were taking it down, the taxes were taking it down. Instead of being up 92% or whatever you're up a lot, you would have been down, you would have been in less than half it was crashing for all those people that would say, "Oh, it's the Obama." Let me tell you something, you were dying.

Donald Trump: And if you look at that first period of a couple of months, it was a disaster, but it was heading south as sure as you're standing and I'm sorry we couldn't get your seats, we didn't have any room. And by the way, 20,000 people outside had to leave. You know it's so cold outside we tell them, "Don't worry about a screen.

Donald Trump: Go home, go home and watch." But we had -- we had -- This is about a 5,500-seat arena and I said to my people, "Why so small?" Are we -- Are we spoiled? I watch these guys come in like Biden, he has a -- he has a big rally and they get 93 people show up. No, it's true, I don't understand it. And did you see the new polls from USA Today?

Donald Trump: Came out, I'm killing everybody, and they hate me. USA Today hates me. USA Today hates me. But there's a poll we're beating everybody, but -- So Biden has this rally, like you know, they got 200 seats, but only a small number of people. So you know they do? They set up a roundtable. So think of these people.

Donald Trump: They come in, they think they get to listen to the speech they end up sitting at a roundtable discussing. They must have been happy, right? We don't have -- We don't have enough room for round tables, I'm sorry, folks. No, they set up a roundtable, but I think we're doing great. And you know, how do you beat what we've done with the economy, with our great vets, with choice?

Donald Trump: You finally got a choice. They've been trying to get it for almost 50 years. [Crowd chanting "More more years!"] See these people back here. Your seat or stand is better, right? But you know what? They're going to be much more famous, because the cameras can't see you, they can only see them, and you know the other thing, the cameras, you ever notice?

Donald Trump: I go to these stadiums. 25, 30,000 people, they never show the crowd. You know why? Because they don't want to have [Crowd chanting "Boo!] -- If Crazy Pocahontas -- If Crazy Pocahontas goes to the middle of Central Park or whatever place -- she's in Manhattan. You got me -- and people -- I mean I could have -- I could have Baron Trump go into Central Park and he'd get a crowd that would be just as big.

Donald Trump: He's 13. He got a bigger crowd. But if she has to crowd, "Oh, this crowd is so big." I've had crowds over the last couple of weeks, we went to different Pennsylvania and Florida, but I mean, thousands and thousands of people can't get into these NBA arenas, right, big arenas and we set records that everyone because we use the floor.

Donald Trump: Thank you. I appreciate it. But we use the floor right, the basketball court, so we set records at every arena and they never even mentioned the crowds. They never mentioned the crowds, it's sort of amazing. You know what? I don't think we've ever had an empty seat from the time I came down the escalator that's a long time ago.

Donald Trump: I don't think we've ever had an empty seat. [Crowd cheering] Now, what the crooked media does, though, if you got like over here, look how packed it is and it's thousands outside, but I please go home you're going to catch pneumonia, but -- but here's the thing if this man and that beautiful woman happened to get up because they want to go to the bathroom.

Donald Trump: Those cameras will turn to those two seats and they'll say, "Trump wasn't able to fill up the arena." You know. I always get nervous when I see some -- I know they're coming back, nobody ever leaves our speeches because is there a better place to be in the world than a Trump rally? Never. Nobody. But every time I see I see a man get up. I see a beautiful woman with a baby in there getting up the babies going crazy and getting up, they're going to take -- but I know they're going to be right back.

Donald Trump: And they say fill those two seats. I don't want them to see it because they'll say, couldn't fill up the arena. These are truly dishonest people. After three years of sinners and witch hunts, hoaxes, scams, tonight the House Democrats are trying to nullify the ballots of tens of millions of patriotic Americans [Crowd chanting "Boo"] capped off with one of the greatest election evenings in history.

Donald Trump: Wasn't that the greatest? Remember when they all said, remember when they all said, No, no. You can't win Michigan." And then I went -- I did win in Grand Rapids, right? Grand Rapids. We have 32,000 people that night, it was one o'clock in the morning. That means it was election day when I started speaking.

Donald Trump: Hillary, Barack Obama, Michelle Obama, and Bill Clinton, they did an emergency trip, they did an emergency trip to Michigan at six o'clock. They got here at primetime, they started to speak. She had 500 people. I got here at one o'clock in the morning the next day, which is now Election Day, 30 -- How many people were there?

Donald Trump: Thirty-two thousand, 32, 32,000 people outside, inside. It was the last speech in Michigan. And they say, "Well, sir, it's very hard to win Michigan." I said, "Why would it be hard? Here's the beautiful thing, everything I told you I've done, but much more so. I said I was going to bring car companies back.

Donald Trump: I said I was going to bring in -- I just hope you people know that. I just hope you know it. But I'll never forget that night and, you know, in all fairness to Bill Clinton, you know he used to be a friend of mine until I ran for office. I like him, I like him. But he told, you know, the way they tried to shut him out, right?

Donald Trump: Because he's a pro, he's an instinct guy, right? His instinct. He doesn't need polling companies that -- Who the hell wants him? You know, if you want a polling company, pick up the newspaper. The problem is the newspaper polls are more fake than the news they write. They write fake polls. It's true. They write fake polls.

Donald Trump: You call them suppression polls, you read them and you get depressed because it looks like you're doing badly. They do that. I think it's almost worse than what they write and you can't get much worse than what they write. So what happens -- So what happens is Bill Clinton said to crooked Hillary, his very dishonest way, said Crooked Hillary -- Do you think he calls her Crooked Hillary?

Donald Trump: He might. Maybe he just calls her crooked. He said crooked, I'm telling you. Crooked. I don't like what I'm seeing in Michigan. I don't like what I'm seeing in Wisconsin. He said, "I -- I took a trip to Wisconsin and I'll tell you what, they had those Trump-Pence signs all the way to the convention area, every lawn, every lawn.

Donald Trump: I don't like Wisconsin." And they said, "Oh, don't worry about it." What the hell does he know? They told him, "What do you know?" Remember they shut him out at the end, they didn't want him talking? He was right. I mean I don't want to cause any problems in the family, but he was right. But he talked about Wisconsin.

Donald Trump: He talked about Michigan, he said, "Crooked, I'm telling you, crooked. I don't like what I see in Michigan. I was in Michigan and I'm telling you that those damn signs, I saw some houses where that four of them on one lawn and two of them on the car." And he said, you horrible human being. You better start listening to me because you're going to get your ass whipped.

Donald Trump: And you know what happened? You know what happened? She didn't listen, fortunately. And she didn't come to Michigan enough and she didn't come to Wisconsin, I think, at all, right? Because her polling data look good. It looked good to me too every time I went there with these crowds. So we won Wisconsin.

Donald Trump: We won Michigan and the great Ronna McDaniel -- Where's Ronna? Where's Ronna? Ronna, she was so horrible. I didn't know her. Ronna McDaniel. And she was so aggressive. She kept calling, said, "Could you please come out to Michigan?" I said, "Who the hell are you? And I said -- I said, "What do you mean, another trip?

Donald Trump: So they were made. We had these big crowds. I made it again. Then finally, I said, two weeks out, I said, "Ronna, no more. We're gonna win it or we're not." OK. OK. I promise. Two days later I get a call, "Sir, could you please come out to Michigan one more time." It's true. So and so. She was the campaign chairman in Michigan, so, I said OK. And then, I got the ultimate call, six o'clock in the evening for this final deal in Grand Rapids.

Donald Trump: Sir, could you come to Michigan tonight? And I thought I was just about finished, I went to a last great state and I said it's over. Now I sit back and I watch and let's see what happens, right? But she said, could you come to Michigan? I said that is the most aggressive human being I've ever met. And we did it. And we won Michigan, and the word is, that we're much higher right now in the polls than we were ever in 2016 in Michigan.

Donald Trump: You better remember when you walk in the -- you know, it's November 3rd this time, November 3rd. By the way, though, that evening, that incredible evening in November, right? One of the biggest nights in the history of television. You never hear them say it so I might as well. That election -- and my debates, you see their debates are dying.

Donald Trump: Who wants to watch Buttigieg? Buttigieg. [Audience shouts "Boo"] Buttigieg. You know that when you pronounce it. They say -- I heard some guy saying, no, no, because it's an unpronounceable name. That's why they call him Mayor Pete, right, Mayor Pete. Mayor Pete, I've had you up to here, Mayor Pete. No, Buttigieg is leading.

Donald Trump: How does But -- no, you say it this way. You say it, they call him Mayor Pete because nobody can pronounce his last name. That's only -- you know, people think it's a -- by the way, you know what I'm not going to say bad things about him. You know what I'd love to win. I thought I knocked off Pocahontas.

Donald Trump: I did it a year too early, a year too early. I give her credit. She then started to come back. I don't think she's going to make it though. She's gasping, she's gasping for air, but I saw them pronouncing Buttigieg and they said here's what you do, boot, edge, edge, say edge like the edge of a building, edge, edge.

Donald Trump: Boot, edge, edge, Alfred E. Newman, you got to be older to know what that means. But Congressional Democrats are directly attacking 2.3 million Michigan voters who rose up in 2016, won the state, and now, the Democrats are very upset. They want to get Michigan back. They just don't know how to do it because they didn't do a thing for Michigan.

Donald Trump: [Audience shouts "Boo"] They didn't do anything for Michigan. You just like -- all they did was take away your companies and let them go to Mexico and other places. [Unidentified] You know, I don't know if you know it, Mexico has 32% of your car business. You know that, right? Not because of me, they're not moving, but Mexico has 32, 32% of our car business moved to Mexico.

Donald Trump: Can you believe this? [Audience shouts "Boo"] Before I got there, but that's what I used to talk about. I said what I was honored that night. I said how do you let this happen? How do you let all these companies leave? It used to -- it's probably maybe the single biggest reason I ran for President. It might be the single and I had a lot of them.

Donald Trump: Immigration, I had a lot of them, but that may be the single biggest. With today's illegal, unconstitutional, and partisan impeachment [Audience shouts "Boo"] the do-nothing Democrats and they are do-nothing. All they want to do is focus on this. What they could be doing are declaring their deep hatred and disdain for the American voter.

Donald Trump: This lawless, partisan impeachment is a political suicide march for the Democrat Party. Have you seen my polls in the last four weeks? It's crazy. You know why? Because people, you know, we have an election right down the road. I announced three months ago that I'm running, right? I'll give you a little clue.

Donald Trump: I announced because I figured once they announced, they'd never impeach. Nobody would be so stupid, but they've been trying to impeach me from day one. They've been trying to impeach me from before I ran, OK? [Audience shouts "Boo"] Because if you remember when I ran, I went immediately to number one, never came off number -- we had center stage from day one, in the debates.

Donald Trump: So we had -- I don't know 14, 15 debates. We had a total of 18, actually, people forgot there was one that they never talk about. But that's OK, but we had 18 people and I was center stage, and I said, wait a minute. This is no good. I want odd numbers because if you're center stage if you have a 10, that means two people are in the middle.

Donald Trump: So, I said make it 11 or make it nine, OK? Or I'm not showing up, and generally, they did it because we were way ahead from the beginning. But I made a lot of great friends out of that group, and many of them are good friends today, although you wouldn't know it based on the -- they say that was the meanest.

Donald Trump: That was a pretty mean primary. You got to say. Wasn't that fun? Through there. I like that, through there, depraved actions today, crazy Nancy Pelosi's House Democrats [Audience shouts "Boo"] have branded themselves with an eternal mark of shame, and it really is, it's a disgrace. Democrat lawmakers do not believe you have the right to select your own President.

Donald Trump: They think that the Washington swamp, which we believe it or not, it ain't easy, because they got so much stacked, including these guys. You know what? These guys are a part of the Democrat Party. They are a part of it. [Audience shouts "Boo"] You might as well call them Democrats. No, the media, look, look, I don't -- you know, it's hard for somebody to know if you're not the subject because how do you know the New York Times is totally dishonest or The Washington Post or ABC is so bad.

Donald Trump: CBS, so bad. NBC, I made a lot of money for NBC with The Apprentice, right, a lot of money, a lot, plus we had the number one show a lot, and they had nothing in the top 10, except for a thing called The Apprentice, and they treat me so bad. I brilliantly said, well, one group, I know will treat me well NBC.

Donald Trump: I call it Commiecast, you know, it's owned by Commiecast. They are just as bad as CNN and they're just as bad as MSNBC. And by the way, CNN and MSNBC, their ratings are down the tubes. It's great, I love it. I love it. But they think the Washington swamp should be able to veto the results of an election.

Donald Trump: That's what they think. There's never been a time like this. Think of it, you have the greatest economy in the history of the world. Other countries come to see me, all of their leaders, and they say, sir, first thing. Sir, congratulations on your economy. We're trying to do the same thing, congratulations.

Donald Trump: And these guys don't like talking about it. And if they do, they say, Obama did it. Oh, Obama, Obama. [Audience shouts "Boo"] Remember, Obama said, you will never be President. He will never be President. Then, remember he said, I will consider it a personal affront if you allow him to be President. And then, I became President, he wasn't so happy.

Donald Trump: And in all fairness, he campaigned harder than crooked Hillary because he had more strength. I mean, I go to these places, you know, Secret Service, they take me. I haven't seen a lobby in three years. It's true. I go through basements, I pass compactor plants, I know more about compactors from this job.

Donald Trump: I don't see lobbies. I say, fellows do you think you could ever maybe take me through a lobby. No, sir, but I'll tell you what, I go upstairs, downstairs, all around. They take me up three flights, go down one, I said are we almost there? Yes, sir, another four flights. And I say, you think Hillary could do this?

Donald Trump: I don't think so. They'd bring her back home, she wants to go to sleep. And now, I hear she wants to run again. Wouldn't it be great, oh. [Audience chants "Trump"] Thank you. Oh, would we love that? You think the Democrats are screwed up? wait 'til that happens. Wouldn't that be -- oh, there's my guy. [Audience chants "Lock her up"] Well, look, based on the FBI report, you just saw what happened with the IG when they came out with the FBI.

Donald Trump: Based on that, you know what, I never stopped you, but now think of what they did, think of what they did. Think of how dishonest it all was. They shouldn't even be allowed to have an impeachment because it was based on dishonesty. It was based on illegality. She went out and they paid for a fake dossier.

Donald Trump: They gave money to foreigners to write a fake dossier, totally disproven, totally fake. The FBI then took that fake dossier and they used it in the FISA court to get approval to spy on my campaign. [Audience shouts "Boo"] And if we were Democrats, they would have been in jail two years ago. It's a disgrace.

Donald Trump: Think of what they did. So, they use this fake dossier and they brought it before this big deal court. It's a big deal, the FISA court and they said this stuff -- and they lied about it. Because Comey who's another beauty. Did I do a great job when I fired his ass? What a great job. Oh, no, they had bad plans.

Donald Trump: No, I did a great thing. That was like throwing a rock at a hornet's nest. Did that place explode? And then, we learned about Lisa Page and her wonderful lover, Peter Strzok. I love you, Lisa. I love you more than anybody in the world. I love you more than anybody in the world. Causes problems with the wife, but we won't talk about that.

Donald Trump: Those tapes didn't work well. No, how about those statements, right? And then they say, in all fairness, I really like the report, but how does the Inspector General say, because don't forget, he was appointed by Obama. So, I'm not knocking him because he gave us a lot of nuggets, but we had a lot of those nuggets.

Donald Trump: How does the Inspector General say, you have these horrible -- he's going to lose instantly. He's going to lose or she's going to win 100 million? Do you see all the zeros? It was like -- I'm like this is, I think it's a hundred. He's going to lose one hundred to one. Isn't he, Peter? I love you so much, Peter.

Donald Trump: I've never loved anyone like you. He's going to lose one hundred million to one, Peter, right? That's right. He's going to lose one hundred million to one, but there's no bias. How about the insurance policy? To me, the greatest, just in case she loses. We have an insurance policy, we're in the insurance policy right now, folks.

Donald Trump: [Audience shouts "Boo"] We've been in it for three years that's what they meant. I mean, the insurance policy is on an artificial respirator because we're doing awfully well. And I'll tell you something, Rush Limbaugh said it, Sean Hannity said it, Laura Ingram said it, Tucker said it, Ainsley said it. But a lot of people have said it. They said, there's nobody in the world that could have handled that stuff that happened and still created one of the greatest economies and done more than any other President ever before in the first three years.

Donald Trump: I understand that. I understand that but it's my life, very unfair to my family. I have to say this, very, very unfair to my family. What they put my family through is a disgrace. Me, it's my life. It's fine. I do, but you know what? What they put my family through is a disgrace and they ought to be ashamed, and we should get apologies all over the place.

Donald Trump: So, yesterday I sent Pelosi a letter denouncing and condemning her party's outrageous abuse of power. That's what it is, they have nothing. They're the ones that should be impeached, every one of them. I mean, you got this guy Schiff. He makes up a statement and he goes in front of Congress where he has immunity, and he makes up a statement from me that's totally fictitious, totally out of thin air, the worst statement I've ever heard, many people saw it. I had a person two weeks ago who said, I didn't love the statement you made.

Donald Trump: I said really, didn't you read the transcripts? And I always say, read the transcript. But didn't you read it? No, no, I heard it on television. I watched Adam Schiff. He made it up. I then sent him the transcript. He said, oh, now I feel better, that's perfect. I call it perfect. He called it perfect. Everyone calls it if you read it, but here's the thing, he makes up this statement and it finished.

Donald Trump: Didn't he have eight quid pro quos? Eight. Could you imagine? You're dealing with a country and you say eight times that you've got to do something. The first time they say, oh. The second time they say, that's strange. Third time, they say what's wrong? You said eight times, eight times. They'd have you arrested.

Donald Trump: They'd have you put into an insane asylum. But he actually said, I think he said eight, not seven, eight. And then, he finished with don't call me, I'll call you. Can you imagine the President of the United States, don't call me, I'll call you. You know what that is? That's a mafia statement, OK. That's the head of the mafia, saying don't call me, I'll -- this guy actually said that.

Donald Trump: And then, he walked away and people became incensed because they knew that was not the people that read the thing, most people believed him because, you know, he's a corrupt politician, 100%. No, he's a corrupt -- and then, I see him. By the way, you ever see this guy? He walks up to the mics, I mean, we're not, in all fairness, look, I don't want to be because with me too, I never even think about looks anymore.

Donald Trump: I don't talk about looks of a male or female. But in his case, let's just say, last time I'll ever refer to this. He's not exactly the best looking guy we've ever seen. So, no, any mic, he walks up to the mic and he's so -- I just -- this is a sad, sad day for America. Our President is an employee of Russia.

Donald Trump: I have absolute proof that the President -- this is at the beginning and every week they say, where's the proof? It's coming, it's coming. Then, we get the Mueller report, nothing and I'll tell you what, I know some of the people in this audience. If I spent not $45 million, not 18 Trump haters, OK? Angry, I call them the angry Democrats.

Donald Trump: It was 13, and then it went to 18, and then Mueller. Did Mueller do a good job? Did he do? [Audience shouts "Boo"] How was his performance in front of Congress? [Audience shouts "Boo"] Not the best, but think of this, $45 million they spent, and you know, I heard somebody say, well, we got back some of that money.

Donald Trump: Let me tell you, you cause this country billions and billions and billions of dollars in all of the things that didn't get done, in all of the embarrassment to our country. You caused billions and billions of dollars and it was a hoax. But this guy Schiff, I have absolute proof. I have this, I have that, I have this, that.

Donald Trump: Anytime he sees a camera and he's stonefaced. He's a pathological liar. He gets up and I've never seen anything like it. Even I was saying, I wonder what he has. What does he have? He says, I have absolute -- I said, I haven't spoken to Russia in years. What the hell do I have to do with Russia? But this guy gets up. Oh, I think we have a vote coming in. So, we got every single Republican voted for us. Whoa wow, wow, almost 200. So, so, we had 198 -- 229 -- 198. We didn't lose one Republican vote and, and three Democrats voted for us, Haley, Haley.

Donald Trump: Wow, thank you, Haley. Great job, wow. The Republican Party has never been so affronted, but they've never been so united as they are right there ever, never. And I know the Senators and they're great guys and women too. We have some great women. We have great guys and great people. They love this country.

Donald Trump: They're going to do the right thing. They're going to do the right thing. So, I said in my letter to Pelosi. I love that. You know, usually there's one, two -- Republicans, look. I've said it for a long time. The Democrats are lousy politicians. They really are. They've got horrible policies, open borders, crime is fine.

Donald Trump: Drugs pouring through. I mean, think of what they do. Sanctuary cities, they love sanctuary cities. [Audience shouts "Boo"] They're lousy politicians but they have one thing, two things, they are vicious. They're the most vicious people. The Republicans aren't as vicious. They may learn to be vicious after going through this stuff.

Donald Trump: But the other thing, the Democrats always stick together. Now think of it, three Democrats went over to our side. No Republicans, it's unheard of. And by the way, this is for 100 years, I'm not just talking about this little point in time. The Republicans are known as it's always harder to stick together.

Donald Trump: These people are great. We have a great Republican party and we have to get that change. We have to take back the House. You'll have the greatest healthcare ever. If we take -- and by the way, we had another victory. The individual mandate, just a little while ago, came over the wires. It was just upheld.

Donald Trump: The individual mandate is now gone. The most unpopular part of Obama. It was just upheld. So, I said in my letter to Pelosi, by proceeding with your invalid impeachment, you're violating your oath of office. You're breaking your allegiance to the Constitution. You're declaring open war on American democracy.

Donald Trump: You dared to invoke the Founding Fathers in pursuit of this election nullification scheme. Yet, your spiteful actions display unfettered contempt for America's founding and your egregious conduct, and listen though, it's so true. It threatens to destroy what our founders pledged, and in fact, their very lives to build.

Donald Trump: You are the ones interfering in America's elections. You are the ones subverting America's democracy. We did nothing wrong, nothing whatsoever. This was just an excuse. You are the ones obstructing justice. You are the ones bringing pain and suffering to our Republic for your own selfish, personal, political, and partisan gain.

Donald Trump: They're bringing pain. The work we could be doing on lowering drug prices, on getting rid of these horrible, horrible situations. You know, in the border, the woman is OK, is she OK? OK, thank you very much. Thank you. I mean, some of these people are waiting here for three days, right? Thank you. They'll come back.

Donald Trump: Come back. Thank you. Merry Christmas is true, but what they've done with this perversion, it's perversion and when you watch some of these people get up and speak today, they don't even -- look, you have violated the Constitution. Well, what has he done wrong? Well, we don't know that. They don't even have any crime.

Donald Trump: This is the first impeachment where there is no crime. I say, tell me what I did, please. Well, we don't know. You violated the Constitution. You had Turley who's smart, Alan Dershowitz, these guys, all of them, they say there's no crime. There's no crime, right? There's no crime. I'm the first person to ever get a pizza, there's no crime.

Donald Trump: I like, I feel guilty. You know what they call it? Impeachment lite. It's impeachment lite. That's why you know with Richard Nixon, I just see it as a very dark era, very dark, very oh. You don't even like to think. I don't know about you, but I'm having a good time. It's crazy. But I also know we have a great group of people behind us in the Republican Party.

Donald Trump: We really do. Maybe, I wouldn't feel the same way, but we have a great group of people behind us. We had in the House and we have it in the Senate. They're doing a great job. So, I'm not worried. I'm not worried because it's always good when you don't do anything wrong. You get impeached. That may be a record that will last forever.

Donald Trump: But you know what they have done? They've cheapened the impeachment process, and now, now, anybody that become -- you know, this was a sacred position. Anybody that becomes President? I mean, they can have a phone call and they get impeached. So, if the Republicans, if you had a Democrat as President. We have a Republican House, they don't like the guy for whatever reason or the woman, they impeach the person.

Donald Trump: It's cheapened it. It's exactly what our founding fathers didn't want and they said it could happen and it's happened. But I know one thing: Americans will show up by the tens of millions next year to vote Pelosi the hell out of office. But it's so disappointing, I see a woman, Carolyn Maloney. She's a long-time, nothing much like me, she's a Congresswoman from Manhattan Eastside.

Donald Trump: I was with her. Her first race, I helped her. She was always so nice. Oh, thank you. Thank you, I made lots of contributions over the years. You know in New York, it's like, purely Democrat, especially Manhattan. So, what happens? I make lots of contributions for years and years and years. I go run, the first person I see, Carolyn Maloney.

Donald Trump: I raise my hand to impeach. Well, give me back the damn money that I've been paying you for so many years. Let her pay me back all the money. Let her pay me back all the money. Then, you have this Dingell, Dingell. You know, Dingell from Michigan? [Audience shouts "Boo"] You know, Dingell? You ever hear of her from Michigan?

Donald Trump: Debbie Dingell, that's a real beauty. So, she calls me up like eight months ago. Her husband was there a long time, but I didn't give him the B treatment. I didn't give him the C or the D. I could have. Nobody would ask, you know, I gave the A-plus treatment. Take down the flags. Why are you taking them down for ex-Congressman Dingell?

Donald Trump: Oh, OK. Do this, do that, do that rotunda, everything. I gave them everything. That's OK. I don't want anything for it. I don't need anything for anything. She calls me up. It's the nicest thing that's ever happened. Thank you so much. John would be so thrilled. He's looking down, he'd be so -- thank you so much, sir.

Donald Trump: I said that's OK. Don't worry about it. Maybe, he's looking up. I don't know. Maybe, maybe, but let's assume he's looking down. But I gave him A-plus, not a -- not B-plus. I gave him the A-plus and she called me. Oh, no, I won't go into the conversation because it's not fair to do that. But all I want to say is, let's put it this way.

Donald Trump: It was the most profuse thank you that you could ever get on a scale of zero to 10. It was a 10, OK. So that was what, February or something. Now, they talk about this phony impeachment and she's out there. Well, we have to look seriously at our President because he may have violated the Constitution of the United States [Audience shouts "Boo"] and I can't be happy with that because I love our country.

Donald Trump: I love this and I love that, she loves everything. And I said she's a no, OK. No, but I look at her and she's so sincere and what happens? I vote to impeach Trump, and you know what, I didn't say who the hell knew this was even going to come up? I went through the whole Mueller hoax. They did this big report.

Donald Trump: I was totally exonerated. They didn't even bring it up at the impeachment because I was totally exonerated. If they saw one little kernel, one little quarter of a cent. Look what they did with one word, remember this: what did I do? What did I do? It's, it's us but they don't say it that way. They say I. They read it totally different.

Donald Trump: You know Schiff his band of thieves. They read it, no, I say basically, very simple. Do us a favor, our country, do us, do us not me, our country. And then, what do I say? I say the United States Attorney General. Attorney General of the United States could speak to you would be great, OK? Because it's known for major corruption.

Donald Trump: In fact, the new leader of Ukraine got in on a construction, on a platform where he looks for all of the problems of dishonesty and everything that was going on in Ukraine, right? He looked for it. That's how he got into office. He got into office that way. So, we take it and they, they repeat it a thousand times and they never say with -- so, I go wild and we start, and the Republicans have got it. Right now, we always correct him, but I used the word us. Us as the United States, our country, and then, it actually says, I think, comma country, but they don't say that.

Donald Trump: They say, do me a favor. How many times have you heard it where they say it in a speech. And then the President said, do me a favor. Well, that's not what I said. I said, do us a favor, our country, and then, I said the Attorney General of the United States. I didn't say, my campaign manager, OK? I said the Attorney -- and these people want to impeach the President of the United States for that?

Donald Trump: [Audience shouts "Boo"] Oh, and then what happened, right? Then what happened? So then, the President of Ukraine, who is a quality person said, there was no pressure exerted whatsoever. That was a killer for the Democrats, right? Then, his Foreign Minister said the same thing. He said, there was no pressure exerted whatsoever.

Donald Trump: There was no pressure, that's a killer. So now, did you see what the Democrats did a couple of days ago? They tried to say that he's not a strong person that he was weak. They used the word weak, that he was weak and under the power of Trump, he said. Well, do you know how insulting that is? Anybody that becomes President of a country and that's a big country, and it's a tough country.

Donald Trump: You got to be tough, he's tough. But so what they're saying now is that he was weak because the wording is just doesn't fit, OK? These are really dishonest people and if the press was fair, this thing never would have happened. [Audience shouts "Boo"] So, the House Democrats are surrendering their majority, their dignity, their reputations.

Donald Trump: They look like a bunch of fools and I'll tell you. We have a lot of new stars in the Republican Party. I could read off a list of 20 names, but they're giving up their honor and they'll receive a big backlash at the box office. When you take a look, that ballot box, that ballot box on November 3rd, I think we're going to have crowds like we've never had.

Donald Trump: And I'll tell you something, it used to be, you know that, oh, the Republicans. You know in 2018, in 2018, I didn't run. I didn't run, right? They all said, oh -- well, actually we picked up two seats in the Senate that these guys never talk about. We just approved 171 Supreme Court Justices, Federal Court, Justices, 171 Federal Justices, including Courts of Appeal, 171 will be up, probably by the end of the year to 182, and for that, I thank President Obama.

Donald Trump: He gave me 142 openings. You know, he gave me 142. I said to him, my people, I got there because they say the most important thing you could do as a President is Judges and Supreme Court. We have two great Supreme Court Judges, right? Two Justices of the Supreme Court: Kavanaugh, Gorsuch, two great men. They're great.

Donald Trump: And how about the pain that they put Justice Kavanaugh through, right? [Audience shouts "Boo"] Over a phony deal, I hate to tell you, over a phony deal. What a disgrace, what they put that man through and that family through. Just remember it come November. You've got to remember it's a long time. You know, in the life of Trump, ten months is an eternity.

Donald Trump: It's a long time. Somebody said, congratulations, sir, you're going to win. I said don't say that, just don't talk about it. Let's always pretend you're one point down like last time, going to be close. No, it's going to be close. But what they put that man through is horrible. What they put his family through is horrible.

Donald Trump: And you know, those stories largely have been recanted, and frankly, the ones that didn't recant -- I don't know what a Supreme Court judge does, but he should sue them. He should sue them. So, we want to take back the House. We'll hold the Senate and we'll keep the White House. You will have the greatest healthcare.

Donald Trump: You will continue with the greatest judges. You know, we have judges that are -- we just had a great story in The Wall Street Journal. I have to tell you, I have to be always very truthful because if I'm a little bit off, they call me a liar. They'll say, he gets a Pinocchio, the stupid Washington Post. They're Pinocchio.

Donald Trump: I mean, even if you like, saying things perfectly, it's a -- there's nothing you can say. Well, you don't get a Pinocchio, but what happens? What happens is we have The Wall Street Journal the other day, got the best story. They said whether you like them or not, the job he's done on Judges and Supreme Court Justices.

Donald Trump: But the job he's done on Judges is a man -- say is the most important thing. You see I don't agree with him. I say defense is the most, the military's the most, but once you're beyond the military. I mean to me, defense is the most important because without good defense, maybe we don't need judges so much, right?

Donald Trump: It's like somebody said, well, we violated the budget. I said do me a favor, don't worry about the budget. If we're attacked and aren't doing very well, and somebody says, well, at least we have a good budget, that doesn't work too well, right? That doesn't work. So, we have great military. We have great judges.

Donald Trump: We have great everything. Our drug price is down for the first time in 51 years, drug prices came down, and that was with no help from the Democrats. If they helped because you need their votes, if they helped, I could get those drug prices down 40% and 50%, OK? And we just approved and we're approving very soon for the Governor of Florida, Ron DeSantis where he could buy -- he has the right to go. We're giving him the right to go and buy from a foreign country where the prices for the identical drug, identical drug are 50% less, and he's going to do that for the people of Florida and we're going to do that for your Governors if they want to do that.

Donald Trump: We'll get that down so far. Everyone in America can see straight through the Washington Democrats' phony, dangerous charade. Schiff makes up so many things. Pelosi makes it up and she backs him up. I saw her in a television show and George Stephanopoulos, that's another beauty. He said, even he said -- he was defending me. I couldn't believe it. He made the statement, but you know, he lied on that.

Donald Trump: He made up the statement. No, he didn't, he didn't. So, that means Nancy Pelosi said no, the statement that he made up. But it's all going to end soon and it's going to come out to a beautiful, great victory for the Republican Party and for this nation. [Audience chants "Four more years"] Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: So, that's it. We have the greatest country. We've turned around a ship, we need four more years. If we don't have it -- now, if you want to drive them crazy, we had one group in Pennsylvania. Some guys started screaming 16 more years, 16. They went crazy and you know what they don't understand? When I do get out, they're all going to go out of business.

Donald Trump: They're making more money than they've ever made. That crazy New York Times, one of the worst newspapers in the world. One of the most dishonest newspapers in the history of the world, totally phony. [Audience shouts "Boo"] They came out with a story that was -- where it was a great headline for me and the people that read it, the super radical left.

Donald Trump: They called and complained so much that they changed the headline and took it from positive to negative on a good story. Can you believe it? No, they're among the most dishonest people. But I'll never forget, before I took that great escalator ride down with our First Lady, our First Lady is doing a great job.

Donald Trump: I said First Lady, you're so lucky I took you on this journey. This wonderful, beautiful journey and it is. You know why it's a wonderful, beautiful journey? Because look at we've accomplished -- what we've accomplished is unbelievable. It's unprecedented. It is unprecedented, what we've accomplished. We're so lucky.

Donald Trump: I say to all my people, I have great people in the back. I say, you folks are so lucky. I took you on this. You could be home right now relaxing, but I'd rather be here, frankly, than any place. These rallies are great. They're inspiring. You are inspiring, and you know, it's funny -- we're not even into election season.

Donald Trump: You know, it's a long way away, we're not even in it, and yet, I think the enthusiasm right now is greater than it was even before the 2016 election. Does that make any sense? I think a lot of it has to do with a witch hunt. A lot of it has to do with a phony witch hunt because you're smart people. You know, you're the elite, they're not the elite.

Donald Trump: You're the elite. You're the elite. You do better than they do. They talk about -- don't you hate it? We're the elite. Oh, really? I went to better schools, many of you went to better schools. We won't talk about homes, even though your homes are nice here. We won't talk about jobs. You see the jobs report, do you see what's happening?

Donald Trump: Do you see where wages are going up? You know, when I first started when I was here. When I did my first speeches, I was talking that people made more money, that was four years ago. So, it was 20 years before that, that's 24, 25 years ago. They made more money 24 years ago than they were making when I got elected President and they worked one job versus two or three jobs.

Donald Trump: Now, it's going up beautifully and we want that. The salaries -- and you know, the number one group of people that are going up is the blue-collar worker. It's percentage, the best, the blue-collar worker. They had two and three jobs. The blue-collar worker is going up the most. Anyway, so, you know what else the thing I'm happiest about?

Donald Trump: African-American unemployment, the lowest in the history of our African-American member. I used to say, you remember, look at you. Are you the greatest guy? Everyone thinks -- Do I pay? I'm telling you. I have a group of African-American guys and gals, by the way, that follow me around, and they think I pay them and I don't. I love them.

Donald Trump: They love me. They come -- how many rallies have you come to? A lot? They're great people, just great. Thank you. I don't even know who the hell he is. Is that right? I don't know him, but I like him. I see him at so many rallies. I appreciate it. You and your group, they're great people. Thank you. You're obviously doing well if you can travel around like that, right?

Donald Trump: He knows I appreciate it. I really do. I think it's fantastic. Thank you. Thank you. But think of this, African-American unemployment is the lowest it's ever been in the history of our country. Their poverty levels and a horrible poverty level in the negative sense. Now, their poverty levels are the best they've ever been in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: Same with Hispanic-Americans, the best unemployment numbers and employment numbers, and the same with Asians, the best unemployment, and women, I'm sorry, 71 years, best in 71 years. I've let the women down, but I think within another couple of months, you'll be historical. So, only 71 years, best -- the best in 71 years.

Donald Trump: But what we're doing has been an incredible thing. It's an incredible thing and when I'm on the debate stage with one of these characters, and they try and say negative stuff, and I'll just say, well, here's the story. In the history of our country, this group is doing the best and that group is doing the best, and the women are doing the best that everybody is doing.

Donald Trump: And frankly, you know what it is? The whole country is doing the best, OK? The whole country is doing the best. We have records on everything and yet they're trying to, and they really -- I've never seen anything like it. They're accusing me really of doing what Joe Biden admitted what he did. How about this?

Donald Trump: They protect him. Did you see the -- did you see the crummy debate? Those debates are so boring. They're dying in the ratings, they're dying, they're dying while it's totally unsupported. What's unsupported? He's on tape saying that he's holding back $1 billion from Ukraine unless you change the prosecutor.

Donald Trump: Wilders? How about that question? I won't say you answer because, you know, I'm not -- I actually used to like the guy. He was a nice guy to me, but now, I don't like him so much. But that's OK. But he does -- well, it's totally unsubstantiated. And while we beg your mercy that we're asking you even to bring up this question?

Donald Trump: But President Trump said you refuse to give $1 billion of taxpayer money to Ukraine unless they get the prosecutor to stop looking at your son and your son's company. [Audience shouts "Boo"] And sleepy Joe gives a sleepy answer, and that's the end of it. That's it. And then, whenever I bring it up, do you ever notice?

Donald Trump: They always use while these charges are totally unsubstantiated. He's on tape. He's -- if that were me, it's the electric chair. They would bring the electric chair back. Now, the guy's on tape and they always say it's unsubstantiated. It is not supported by fact, one of them the other day, and they finally change the way -- it is not supported by fact.

Donald Trump: No, it's supported by tape. No, it's unbelievable. In many ways, I'd like to have him win because number one, he's going to have to eventually answer that question. And number -- she said, he doesn't know where he is. That's the other problem. Now, I've been doing this for a long time and I have much bigger crowds than anybody's ever had in history.

Donald Trump: By the way, you know what, I say it gets the fake news because you know what they're going to say. Every stadium is packed. I give my people one instruction, get the largest stadium you can get. Now, that's why I was a little surprised, but in Battle Creek, you don't have that many, right? Not too many stadiums, but I wanted to be here.

Donald Trump: You know why I wanted to be here? First of all, the crowd is incredible, the crowd outside, but let me tell you, you know why I wanted to be here? Because we know we have a lot of choices, but I want to be here because this area supported me so overwhelmingly, and I said I want to be here. Pretty simple, pretty simple.

Donald Trump: I wanted to be here for that reason, and I just want to say thank you because, I'll tell you what, you came in, I don't know, I didn't get 100%, but we got a damn good percentage, right? We got a damn good percentage. So this is -- it's really thrilling to be here, but we're joined tonight by many terrific Republican leaders.

Donald Trump: Your Michigan House Speaker, Lee Chatfield. Where's Lee? Lee, come up if you want, come up. What the hell, we have nothing else to do. Should we get him up? Yes. Come up, Lee. Come up, Lee. Get up here. Come on up, Lee. Republican Party Chairwoman, Ronna McDaniel, who I spoke to. And the bottom line at the end of her story, so when I won, I said who's going to head up the RNC?

Donald Trump: I said I got to get that woman from Michigan. Remember, they will say you can't win Michigan. Now we're going to win it by so much, you better remember all those. Every time a car plant opens, please think about Trump. Come on up here, Lee. Michigan GOP Chairwoman, Laura Cox. Hate to tell you, but all your congressmen are -- you know where they are right now.

Donald Trump: Your congressmen, all of your congresspeople, been wonderful people. They're in a place called Congress right now. They're doing an unbelievable job of supporting your President and supporting you. So they had a choice. Sir, should we leave and be there? I said don't leave, stay right where you are. That's why we got that vote.

Donald Trump: That's a vote, Bradley. The chairman of the woman's workers and Workers for Trump and a proud union auto worker, Terry Bowman, who's been so terrific. Thank you, Terry. Come on up. And while Democrats are obsessed with impeachment, we're focused on jobs, jobs, jobs. This group, local leaders and all your Washington folks, they are right where they have to be in Washington tonight.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Great job. Thank you very much. We've eliminated more job-killing regulations than any administration in the history of our country, whether it's four years or eight years or, in one case, much more than eight years. In a period of two and a half years, we have eliminated more regulations than any other president by far.

Donald Trump: You're saving almost $3,000 a year because of regulation cuts. Total income gains for median households will reach $10,000 a family. I'll give you a couple of quick numbers. So under President Bush, for eight years, you saved $450, meaning you took in four $450. OK, fine. Under President Obama, you took in $975. Under President Trump, including the energy savings and the regulation savings and the tax cuts savings, it's more than $10,000 in less than three years.

Donald Trump: Pretty good, right? So for two eight years, you had a $400, $450 and a $975. That's eight years, $450. In less than three years, you had more than $10,000. It goes right into your pockets. It's one of the reasons our economy is doing well because the -- as they say, the consumer is doing better than they've ever done and that's great.

Donald Trump: That's what we wanted. We've ended the war in American energy and the United States is now the number one producer of oil and natural gas on planet earth. And these maniacs want to close it up. How about going to Texas. You know Bedard? What? Remember when he said -- I said, oh, this guy's a loser. You know a salesman like if you've been a great salesman, you never talk that you're a great salesman.

Donald Trump: You don't walk and say, well, I'm a great salesman. I could say -- any guy that does that, they're no good. It's this quiet type that gets you, you know. The ones that don't talk. So Bedard when he first got in, remember this clown? He gets in -- no, no, he gets in. I was made for this job, to run for president.

Donald Trump: After about two weeks, they killed him. He was gone, but you remember he was against the Bible, he was against religion, he was against guns and he was against oil and gas, and he comes from Texas. I said that's a platform, think of it, he's against religion, he's against guns and against oil gas, think of it. I don't like to bring it up because he's gonzo, but he comes from Texas.

Donald Trump: I said Abraham Lincoln can't win in Texas with that platform, but they are, all of them, they want to close up your energy, it's a big deal. They want to close up your steel mills. They don't want your steel mills. Look at what I've done for steel. I mean the steel is back. We taxed all of the dumped steel coming in from China and other places, and U.S steel mills are doing great.

Donald Trump: They're expanding all over the country and they're all going to be out of business within two years. The way they were going, they were gone. United States steel is spending now billions of dollars on expansions. Every major Democrat running for president has pledged to eliminate gas-powered automobiles and destroy the U.S. auto industry forever, think of it. And you know why?

Donald Trump: Because they have these maniacs that say you got to go all-electric. I want to have an alternative, a big alternative, and you don't always have the alternative. And a lot of people don't know all of the electric can never catch the gas, you know. And by the way, there'll be different forms of energy coming along, but they want to close them up. And we're not closing them up. We're going to have lots of alternatives so that you can have it from a pricing, you can have it from a lot of different reasons.

Donald Trump: We're even bringing back the old light bulb. You heard about that, right? The old light bulb which is better. I say why do I always look so orange? You know why, because of the new light, they're terrible. You look terrible. They cost you many, many times more, like four or five times more. And you know, they're considered hazardous waste.

Donald Trump: When a light bulb is out, you've got to bring it to a dump. So let's say over here at Battle Creek, where's your nearest dump? OK, that's what, a couple of hundred miles away. So every time you lose, drive a couple of hundred miles. I said how many people do that? Nobody. What are they doing? They throw it in the garbage.

Donald Trump: But you know what it is because it's all gas. It's much more expensive, four or five times. When I came into office I did a lot of this. Sinks, showers, all of this stuff. I did a lot of it. The water comes out. You have areas where there's so much water you don't know what to do with it. You turn on the shower, you're not allowed to have any water anymore.

Donald Trump: I mean we do a lot of it. Dishwashers, we did the dishwasher, right? You press it -- remember the dishwasher, you press it, boom, they'd be like an explosion. Five minutes later, you open it up, the steam pours out the dishes. Now, you press it 12 times. Women tell me again, you know, they give you four drops of water.

Donald Trump: And they're in places where there's so much water they don't know what to do with it. So we just came out with a rag on dishwashers, we're going back to you. By the way, by the time they press it 10 times, you spend more on water and electric. Don't forget. The whole thing is worse because you're spending all that money on electric.

Donald Trump: So we're bringing back standards that are great and better machinery, but you can have the water again. But with the light bulb, I said what's going on with the light bulbs? So a lot of people are complaining about the cost, so I had a couple of experts come in. I said, tell me what gives a better light?

Donald Trump: Well, we like the old light bulb better. I said I like it better. And so what I did is, you could have either one. If you want to buy the newer kind, you can. And if you want to look very handsome or beautiful by buying the older kind like I do. So we're bringing back the old light bulb. So it's a much less expensive.

Donald Trump: It probably gives a better light, but whatever it is -- and you'll be able to spend a lot less money for a light bulb. I mean it sounds like little but it's big stuff. OK, it's big stuff. And we're doing it with a lot of other things, our dishwashers and, you know, I won't tell you one of the things because every time I tell you, they do a big number on it. You know, with the one I'm talking about, right?

Donald Trump: Sinks, right? Showers, and what goes with a sink and a shower? 10 times, right, 10 times. Bam, bam, not me, of course not me, but you -- him, but I never mentioned that because one time I mentioned all three, I said sinks, showers, and toilets. The headline was Trump with the toilets, toilets. That's all they were.

Donald Trump: They don't even mention that. So I didn't mention that. OK, I go off the record. But you know what, it's terrible. You want to wash your hands, you turn on the sink, no water comes out. So you leave the water, go 10 times as long, it's the same thing. You have a shower, it's no good for me. For me, you know the one thing that came out really good about being in this business?

Donald Trump: I used it -- they always used to say I wear hairpiece. It's OK. I know people wear hairpiece, but they always used to say -- they don't say that anymore, because I have been through the worst storms. If you wear one of those suckers you've got to give it up fast because within two weeks they got you. You look handsome, no worry about it. But in the last two decades before my election, we lost one in five, auto manufacturing jobs in this country.

Donald Trump: The people are trying to impeach us for doing all of the things that they've wanted to do for so many years, and that's why it doesn't work. We look so forward to taking it on and it is all about cleaning the swamp, draining the swamp and we have a very, very big, bad, dangerous swamp. OK, that's enough of that.

Donald Trump: That's enough. So among the very first acts that I did was to stop the deal that would have dealt a death blow to the U.S. auto industry. I withdrew from the horrible Trans-Pacific Partnership that would have ended your auto industry. A lot of people don't know that, but I do. The trends -- remember TPP, we were basically ceding our auto industry to these countries that were just going to rip us off -- with the people that made these trade deals, it's like, where did they come?

Donald Trump: Like the one in Korea, that was a Hillary Clinton special. She said this will produce 250,000 new jobs, and I said, well, what happened? He said, well, she was right except it was for South Korea, not for us. So it produced 250,000 jobs for South Korea. These deals were so bad, but now they're getting really good, and some of them are getting, like, great and over a period of time, they're going to be phenomenal.

Donald Trump: Where do you see the numbers that start coming out of this country over a short period of time? They knew but we have to go through a little pain because we have to do it, and then they all say we're going to withdraw. And then I say you can withdraw, I don't care. We're putting tariffs in your country. And then they say, we'd love to make a deal, sir.

Donald Trump: The new USMCA has powerful protections to keep auto manufacturing jobs right here in Michigan where they belong. Since the election, we've created 41,000 brand new motor vehicle and parts jobs, manufacturing jobs. Remember the statement by President Obama, you'd have to wave a magic wand. Remember the magic wand because of manufacturing.

Donald Trump: And I said, you know, that sounds strange. What do you do if you don't have manufacturing? How do you make things, right? Manufacturing jobs won't happen. Well, we've got 600,000 manufacturing jobs and you're going to see a big, big increase. The truth is, we need more people. You know what, we need more people.

Donald Trump: We need more people coming into the country and they're going to come in and they're going to come in through merit. And they're going to love our country and they're going to respect our country and they're going to work. We do need more people. They're opening these massive -- Foxconn in Wisconsin, they're opening these massive plants and it's hard to get people.

Donald Trump: We want people coming in, but they have to come in, only they have to come in through merit. Fiat Chrysler recently announced a $4.5 billion investment in Michigan, including the first new auto plant in Detroit in more than a generation. And General Motors recently announced a $300 million investment at its Orion Assembly plant right here in Michigan.

Donald Trump: Come on General Motors, let's go. General Motors gave us a little hard time with one building, I wasn't happy about that. It was the only building I had a problem within the whole car industry, right? You know the one I'm talking about. I didn't like that. Anyway, but they're spending money. You know, what can I tell you.

Donald Trump: But these companies are coming in, a lot of the foreign companies are coming because they have to. I say you have to or we're not trading with you anymore because we had such big deficits with these countries. With Japan, we had a $68 billion deficit. I said Shinz -- he's great, Prime Minister of Japan, but he said, but nobody has ever asked us to do this.

Donald Trump: I said I'm asking you and they are building many, many plants. They're building many plants now in the United States, the Japanese. After years of rebuilding foreign nations, we are finally rebuilding our nation. Is that OK? We were surrounded with globalists. You know, they think it's OK to open a plant in some country that you never heard of. They make your product, they send it. In the meantime, they close all their factories here.

Donald Trump: We're not doing that anymore. Those are globalists. They think it's wonderful to have deficits, I don't. They think it's great. It's a great thing to have deficits. No, those are globalists. The globalists are passe. When no issue have Democrat politicians more thoroughly betrayed the American people than immigration.

Donald Trump: Every Democrat running for president wants to open the floodgates to unlimited refugees from all around the world, overwhelming your communities and putting our national security at grave risk. My administration has taken bold action to reduce the influx of refugees and we are making sure local communities like yours have a much greater say about who gets admitted into your own neighborhoods.

Donald Trump: Some of these stories are so sad, some of the stories are so sad. When it comes to setting immigration policy, we always remember this sacred truth, our first duty and our one true allegiance is to you, the American people, before anybody else. We must care for our own citizens first. Democrat immigration policies are resulting in brutal assaults and wicked murders against innocent Americans.

Donald Trump: I don't know if you even know what's happening. It's terrible. And we've moved out thousands and thousands of MS-13 thugs out of our country. And we have agreements now with Guatemala, Honduras, El Salvador, you know they didn't use to take them back. If we had a murderer and we said get them the hell out, you know, we don't really want them in our prisons and take care of them for 50, 60 years.

Donald Trump: We want to bring them back, they wouldn't take them. The planes used to go around and around, don't land, don't land. With us, they land. We worked at deals with every one of them. We stop giving them all the aid. You know we're giving them all this money and then they said we're not going to let you land, we're not going to let you take them back.

Donald Trump: I said that's OK. $500 million we were giving them. I said now we give them $5. We give them nothing. All of a sudden they said we would love to have them back. We would love it. It's wonderful to have them back. In June, two illegal aliens in Sandusky, Michigan were convicted of sadistically beating and stabbing a woman to death with a kitchen knife.

Donald Trump: Then they hid her body in a water drain. A criminal ailing with two previous deportations was just arrested in Michigan and convicted of brutally beating and strangling to death a single mother of five young children. It's happening all the time. Far-left politicians support deadly sanctuary cities which deliberately release dangerous violent criminal aliens out of the jails and directly onto your streets.

Donald Trump: You know we had a great election in North Carolina recently. Two great congressmen got elected, you don't hear about. When they win, you don't ever hear about it. Just a few months ago, two great people and they got elected. And they got elected because I wanted at the end -- you don't talk about the fact that you have sanctuary cities and they had some horrible crimes happening from those sanctuary cities.

Donald Trump: As soon as I mentioned that, boom, they went up like rocket ships and they won their elections. And it was great, great thing. These sanctuary cities are a disaster. And let me tell you, the people of California, they don't like sanctuary cities either. They're stuck with them because they have crazy politicians.

Donald Trump: Earlier this year, authorities in the sanctuary, jurisdiction of Kent County, Michigan -- anybody know Kent County? Released an illegal alien charged with assault with intent to murder after he repeatedly and viciously stabbed a man in the head with a broken bottle. They let him go to roam free in Michigan communities.

Donald Trump: If you want to end sanctuary cities in Michigan, if you want to protect your families from criminal aliens, if you want to have a safe life, frankly, it's so crazy what they're doing. You wouldn't even believe it. You have only one choice in 2020, you must vote Republican. [Audience chants "Four more years"] Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you. I'm surprised, you -- as you know, you do have sanctuary cities in Michigan. I was almost surprised to hear it, but you have them. It's one of those progressive things. I think they're doing a wonderful favor for the world. And now we're getting these prosecutors and, you know, you murder somebody, they give you two months.

Donald Trump: They fight, then you don't even have to go to jail. What's going on is crazy. Thanks to our tireless efforts to secure the border, illegal crossings are down 75% since May. And we've ended catch and release. We've ended it. We could have ended it so easy. It's called a loophole. You catch him and then you release him into a country.

Donald Trump: That's what you had to do by law and if you don't do that, they arrest the Border Patrol people. Do you believe this? The Border Patrol people were in more danger than the criminal aliens coming in, and some of these people are not good people. Somebody -- remember the caravans coming up, we call them caravans, and they're interviewing the people.

Donald Trump: I'll never forget it. One nice citizen reporter, female reporter, and what did you do? Well, I want to come to America. OK, good. What did you do? Murder. What? This was on live television. They didn't play that clip too long. You know, one of the -- one of the beauties back there. What did you do? Murder.

Donald Trump: Oh, yah, yay. These are the people because look, when you have a caravan of eight or ten thousand people, a lot of those people -- do you think that Guatemala, Honduras, El Salvador, do you think they're sending us their finest? I don't think so. All right. How about the lottery? That was a Schumer deal.

Donald Trump: You know Chuck Schumer, Crying Chuck. Crying Chuck Schumer and I used to be a big contributor. He used to -- kiss my ass Chuck Schumer. He'd do anything. He would have done anything for me I didn't think I had to. Get Schumer on the phone. You do this, you do that. You get him on the phone, that son of a bitch.

Donald Trump: He would -- he would have done -- I didn't need anything, but he would have done anything. Now it's like, the President has not acted. Give me a break. Give me a break. Find out how much money did I give a raise to Chuck Schumer, and Chuck, give all that money back, please. Carolyn Maloney, give that money back.

Donald Trump: Every penny should come back. They act so pompous. They act so righteous. They're not righteous, they're not righteous. They're bad people. The far-left Democrats have never been more extreme than they are now. Democrats are pushing a socialist takeover of healthcare that will take away your coverage and take away your doctor.

Donald Trump: 180 million people are going to lose. A lot of people here now have healthcare finally under us, that's phenomenal. And that's what you want. They want to take it away, 180 million. They want you to go to a hospital ward someplace and sit there all night. I don't think so, not in this group. And you know what, some people, it's good, some people, but can you imagine?

Donald Trump: They want to take away 180 million people, great, private, highly-negotiated healthcare where you have your own doctor. Remember Obama, 28 times, 28 times, you can have your doctor, you can have your plan, didn't work out that way, did it? I think we should impeach him for that. Let's impeach him for that, for the IRS scandal, for the guns, remember the guns, he was giving them to anybody that wanted them.

Donald Trump: He gave guns to the worst people in the world and then they didn't have a registered, not to good, impeach him. Why didn't the Republicans impeach him? Those were really -- how about giving Iran $1.8 billion in cash, how about that? [Audience shouts "Boo"] By the way, I ended the Iran nuclear deal. I hope you're happy, much different country.

Donald Trump: But how about giving Iran $1.8 billion in cash, many big planes going over to Iran loaded up to the ceiling with cash. You know what $1.8 billion -- you ever see like at a casino, $1 million wrapped up, its a big pile of stuff. That's $1 million. Now, multiply it $1.8 billion in cash he gave. So, why is he allowed to do that?

Donald Trump: Did anybody try and impeach him for that? Everybody knew it was wrong. Republicans will strongly protect patients with pre-existing conditions and we will protect your pre-existing physicians. Virtually, every top Democrat also now supports late-term abortion, ripping babies straight from the mother's womb, right up until the moment of birth, right?

Donald Trump: That is why I've asked Congress to prohibit extreme late-term abortion because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift of God. Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortion, socialism, and blatant corruption, and that's what it is. The Republican Party is the party of the American worker, the American family, and the American dream, and that's really what it is. It's true.

Donald Trump: We're also the party of the great Abraham Lincoln. A lot of people forget that, but we have to bring it up. To protect the health and safety of our citizens, We awarded $100 million to improve water infrastructure in Flint. How badly was Flint? Who was it? Who were the geniuses that did that deal? You have clean water coming into Flint.

Donald Trump: They had to pay a very tiny little fee. So instead, they go into this horrible, horrible, really polluted water and the water comes out of there. They spend hundreds of millions of dollars to save like a couple of bucks and the water was so terrible, and it hurt the people, it hurt the people, but we're getting it fixed.

Donald Trump: And I know your previous Governor was a Republican, but I was not a big fan of his. I was not, but I'm not a big fan of the one that can't fix the potholes either. We're committed to ensuring America has the cleanest air and the cleanest water on planet Earth and that's what it's about. It's about clean air and it's about clean, beautiful water, and it's about keeping our industry not closing it because of the ridiculous parrot -- Paris climate accord, how's Paris doing?

Donald Trump: I don't think too well. How's Paris doing with the yellow vests, the yellow vests? You know why? Because they raise gasoline prices, so they could send the money all over the world to countries that the people in France never heard of. And that is not working out too well. We're lowering prices, we're lowering taxes, we're making it possible.

Donald Trump: I mean, look at gas prices now, look at gas prices. I recognize Israel's true capital and open the American embassy in Jerusalem, and we also recognize Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights, a big deal. For years you watched as your politicians, apologize, remember? I would like to apologize. I would like to apologize.

Donald Trump: No, we don't apologize. Now you are the president who is standing up for America and we are standing up for the great people of Michigan. You're getting your auto industry back. At stake in our present battle is the survival of the American nation. If you want your children to grow up in a land of safety, it's really, we want a land of safety, justice.

Donald Trump: I don't know. When I look at those FBI reports, we got to, we got to clean up a lot. What they've done to hurt people? What they've done to hurt with Comey and these horrible people? What they've done to hurt people? I think one of the best things I did as President, a lot of people would say, you know, with all that we've done for the economy.

Donald Trump: But one of the best things is firing James Comey's ass out of here. Boy, those reports are cut. Did you see the other day? Well, oh, oh, first time now he said -- otherwise, he's 50% there, folks. He's hit the golden pond. Anyway, so, what we're doing is, we're doing things that are going to make our victory.

Donald Trump: And you know, it's like a tree. We need that extra four years. We've done so much, even right to try. You know right to try? People were traveling, they're terminally ill. They're traveling all over the world. We have the best medical in the world, the best doctors, the best labs, the best hospitals, they're traveling all over the world, right, to try and get -- because it takes years to get something approved.

Donald Trump: And I said, wait a minute, folks. Why are we doing this and they've been trying to do it for 49 years? They couldn't get it done, not that easy. The drug companies didn't want the liability. The country didn't want the liability, the insurance companies didn't want the liabilities. I said here's what we do, we'll sign an agreement with the people where you're a sculpt from all liability, huh.

Donald Trump: That's a good idea and it's a very strong agreement. So, we can't get sued but I said listen, you know they were worried they're going to hurt people. I said these people are terminally ill, they're terminally ill. And so, we do it now. Nine months ago, all the legislature after 49 years. So, if somebody's sick, they don't have to go to Asia, they don't have to go to Europe or if you're poor, you go home and you die.

Donald Trump: Now, what happens? Very simple, you sign that document, they work it out. You wouldn't believe how many lives are being saved it's incredible. It's incredible. I'm very proud of it. Right to try. I hope you don't need it, you don't want it, you don't want it, OK. But if you do, it's there. With your help, we will lift millions of more of our citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence, and poverty to prosperity.

Donald Trump: Together, we will elect a Republican Congress to create a fair, safe, sane, and lawful system of immigration. We will enact the greatest trade deals ever made. They'll result in more products proudly stamped with that beautiful phrase Made in the USA. We will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine.

Donald Trump: What we're doing is unbelievable. We're so far ahead of everybody. What we've done in the last three years with the FDA and even the speed of what we're doing, it would take 12, 13, 14 years to get things approved. It's down to a much smaller number, but we're finding new cures for childhood cancer, and we are ending the AIDS epidemic in America.

Donald Trump: We've started the process. Who would have thought that? In 10 years, it's a 10-year process. We will have ended the AIDS epidemic in America and it could have been started before I came to office. It was just wasted time. We will defend privacy, free speech, free assembly, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms.

Donald Trump: Above all, we will never stop fighting for the sacred values that bind us together as one America. We support, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States. We stand with the incredible heroes of law enforcement, they're incredible and that includes ICE. You know how tough these people are? These are great patriots.

Donald Trump: They love our country, even the Sheriffs. Some of the people that they're dealing with, these guys walk into, they call them a nest, and in some cases, they just swing it. They can have it, they love it. These are great -- if we didn't have them, and I told you before they'd taken out bad, bad, bad people by the thousands, especially MS-13 gang members.

Donald Trump: Who's going to do that? Who is going to do that? Anybody in the front row? I don't know. What about you? You're a tough guy. You might do it. You could do it. I don't know. You might do it. You could -- we're going to recruit you? I think you could. You could handle yourself. Now, these are tough people, right?

Donald Trump: You got to be tough, then they get accused they're too tough. Oh, they're too tough. You know some of these guys, they knife people, they don't even need a gun because it's more painful. They knife the two young girls, 16 years old, beautiful. They cut them up into pieces because it was more painful than shooting them.

Donald Trump: These are animals, and then, Nancy Pelosi said they shouldn't use the term animal. And by the way, she ought to go home and take care of her district where the homeless is all over the place and the tents and the filth and the garbage is eroding right into the Pacific Ocean and into their beaches. She ought to go and take care of her district and said did you see what's going on? And it rains and it's filth and it's needles and it's drugs and it's you know what, it's everything, and it goes right into those storm sewers.

Donald Trump: Storm not sanitary, storm, and it goes right out into the Pacific Ocean into the beaches, and we find San Francisco and Los Angeles and San Francisco. But we've just sent them a tremendous dollar fine for what they're doing, and Nancy Pelosi is playing games. She ought to go home and take care of the homeless and take care of the filth and everything.

Donald Trump: And San Francisco was the most beautiful city. When you look at what's happened with the tents all over the place, where the police officers are getting sick just from walking the beat. They're getting sick. Diseases are coming back that this world hasn't seen for 30, 40, 50 years. It's a disgrace. She ought to get back and take care of her district instead of wasting time on this nonsense.

Donald Trump: We believe in the dignity of work and the sanctity of life. We believe that faith and family, not government bureaucracy, are the true American way. We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag. And we live by the words of our national motto and it's always going to be up there.

Donald Trump: You know, they want to take everything down, they don't want Thomas Jefferson anymore. They don't want anything, that's a terrible thing and we fight for it now, we fight. These words will never be taken off. I don't care where I am. If I'm up there if I'm down here, I don't know, but we'll be fighting. We'll never take these words off, In God We Trust.

Donald Trump: We stand on the shoulders of generations of Michigan patriots who gave their blood, sweat, and tears for this beloved nation. This is the state where Henry Ford invented the assembly line. It's the place where General Motors, Chrysler, and Kellogg transformed the nation. It gave us Motown, the Mustang, and the might of the American Midwest.

Donald Trump: This is the American Midwest and Michigan is the state where generations of strong, tough, and proud American workers made this into the greatest and most powerful nation in the history of the world, and we are making it bigger, better, and stronger than ever before by far. Loyal citizens, like you, helped build this country, and together, we are taking back our country.

Donald Trump: We are returning power to you, the American people. The Democrats took the people of Michigan for granted, but with us, you will never be forgotten again. The forgotten men and women of this country will never ever be forgotten again. And I'm fighting for you and I love doing it with everything that I have, and I will never ever stop, and you know that.

Donald Trump: I will say I could have a much easier life. Some people say, why is he doing it? You know why I am doing it? Because we're doing the thing and look what we're doing is, we're bringing back our country again. We're respected again, we're respected again. We are so respected, you don't even know how respected.

Donald Trump: You know, I went to NATO, where we were being ripped off because the other countries, you have 29 countries, and the other countries weren't paying their bills. They were delinquent. You know in real estate, I noticed people are using that word. I've been using it for the last year, it's like a real estate term.

Donald Trump: That's when they don't pay their rent, right? Well, they weren't paying and you have to see this chart until I got there. You got to pay and they said, well, does that mean you won't protect us? I said you don't want the answer to that question. Over the last and the Secretary-General Stoltenberg, over the last period of just two years.

Donald Trump: I raised, not from us, nothing from us, $130 billion, but that's nothing. And over a short period of time, they will be paying $530 billion more, all of those countries. My biggest fan in the world is Secretary-General Stoltenberg of NATO. He says, I never thought this could -- I'm telling you, if you look it's like 15 years just down?

Donald Trump: President Obama would go down to make a speech. I'd like to thank everybody for being here, thanks a lot, great job, sayonara, bye. Bush, they all did, nobody ever asked for money. We were spending 100% of NATO. We're protecting Europe. They rip us off on trade, right? They rip us off like crazy. We lose hundreds of billions of dollars on trade, we're changing that, but it's a long time.

Donald Trump: It's been going on a long time. They don't take your product. They don't take your cars. They don't take your farm product. They don't take your medical machines. We do big business, they sell us, we don't sell them because they put restrictions. We have better equipment than them, but they make it so that our equipment doesn't qualify.

Donald Trump: You know, it's called artificial barriers or non-monetary barriers. It's brutal. What they do, I'm telling you, they're as bad as China, just smaller. They are as bad as China, just smaller, and now, China's doing great. We're very happy, but we have to do something with that. We have to take care of our people.

Donald Trump: We can't be ripped off by these countries. So NATO is ripping us off militarily. But now, they're starting to pay big money and that's good. We want to help them. We want to be there with them, but they have to pay. They have to pay, $530 billion and the fake news doesn't want even talk about it. They don't want to talk about it. They talk about other things.

Donald Trump: They don't want to talk about that. When you'd get a chance. So, you know it's a couple of weeks, maybe you could say over a short period of time, NATO countries will be paying $530 billion more, more, not total, more. How is that? Good? That's not too bad. Nobody else could do that. I guarantee you. I won't tell you what took place in those closed-door meetings.

Donald Trump: Some of them don't like me. You know, they like Obama. Germany likes Obama, a lot of these countries. France they like Obama. It's embarrassing. France, in France, President Obama's more popular than President Trump. Well, I should be. I just taxed their wine and champagne coming into our country because they're ripping us off on the Internet, OK? If I ever become more popular that means I'm not doing my job.

Donald Trump: You should say he's out. It's true. So, I could be loved in Germany. I could be loved in Germany. Oh, they'd love me. My father came from Germany, parents, and I could be loved in Germany. They'd like me so much, but then, I'm not doing my job for you, right? I have to do it. I have to do it. With your help, your devotion, your drive, we're going to keep on working, we're going to keep on fighting.

Donald Trump: We are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. Because we are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. America is thriving like never before, and ladies and gentlemen of Michigan, the best is yet to come. Great state, great state. You better remember all those jobs in a year from now, I tell you.

Donald Trump: I'll say that state let me down. I don't think that's going to happen. I'm hearing very good things. You know, the interesting thing, before it was like a promise. I said I'm going to bring cars back. I'm going to bring this. I'm going to bring that. It was all like, you know, it's good. You believe me. I was successful in this.

Donald Trump: But now, we've done it. We have done more than I promised, no politics. I promise we've done more than we've promised. No politician I think has ever than that. Together, we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again, and we will Make America Great Again. Thank you. Thank you, Michigan. Thank you.