Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-campaign-rally-manchester-nh-august-28-2020

Donald Trump: Hello, everybody. Hello, everybody. Wow. Hello, everybody. [Audience chants "USA"] Thank you. Thank you. And I'll tell you, we're landing and there are thousands of people along the runways, right. And I said -- I said why aren't they here? Sir, we couldn't let them in. Why not? Let's let them in. Oh, these people.

Donald Trump: And then, they put in a floor, this is from Manchester 'cause you know about flooring. They put in a floor that's like an ice skating rink, so we're going to tiptoe around. How are you, everybody? We love you. We love you. Great, great people. Manchester, we had some good memories in Manchester, right, 2016. But this is going to be -- we are right now in the most important election in our history. [Audience shouts "Four more years"] But I'm thrilled to be back in the Granite State with the true, hardworking American patriots.

Donald Trump: Last night it was my great honor to accept the Republican nomination for President of the United States. We're going to win. We're going to win. Does anybody have any doubt? Does anybody -- [Audience shouts "No"] You know it's very interesting. Last night we had an incredible time and I don't know if you know, it's -- it's driving the fake news crazy.

Donald Trump: They're back there. [Audience shouts "Boo"] But the poll numbers have swung. If you go back six months before the plague flew in from China, a plague, a horrible plague, this election was over. This election was over. Then, I had to go back to work. I had to go back to work. Then, I went back to work and we've done an incredible job in every aspect of running government, but I also had to start campaigning a little bit again and I did, and today it was announced that Joe Biden is coming out of the basement [Audience shouts "No"] because the poll numbers have totally swung.

Donald Trump: It totally swung and they've swung like nobody's ever seen them swing before and it was rapid. It was a rapid swing because they all admit that we're doing a great job. There's not too many Presidents that have done a job like we've done, including keeping you out of wars, bringing you home from the endless wars, but they've swung.

Donald Trump: But here's what I don't get, sleepy Joe's coming out he said in 10 days. That's a long -- 10 days, 10 days. That's like an eternity in Trumpville, 10 days. I viewed -- I viewed 10 days as like an eternity, OK? So he decided he's coming out and he's going to be out in 10 days. That's a long time. That's a big percentage of the remaining time.

Donald Trump: That's all right, he's much better off where he is. I think he's -- I think he just -- we love Melania, we do. She did a great job, right? [Audience shouts "Yeah"] She did a great job. She went up on Tuesday night did an incredible job. Last night was exciting, wasn't it? That [Inaudible] and how about those stories from friends of mine, right?

Donald Trump: How about those or was it just compelling and incredible television, but really that was exciting a really good quality convention. [Audience shouts "Yeah"] So many people, so many people. You saw some tragic situations, some really great endorsements, you saw everything. If you, uh -- how about the endorsement of Herschel Walker when you watched that that was from the heart.

Donald Trump: That was from the heart. Dana White, today. I just saw today because last night I was looking at the speech a little bit, you know. We had a wonderful turnout last night. What I didn't like -- it when -- you saw this, right? When it was over. You saw when it was over? The thugs outside because the Democratic Mayor of Washington D.C. [Audience shouts "Boo"] it's another Democrat that's not believing in law and order, and you know, we give Washington D.C. a lot of money to run it, but they don't do a good job of running it.

Donald Trump: The Mayor, she doesn't run anything and they -- these incredible people from all over the country, all over the world that were there last night, they walked out to a bunch of thugs and that wasn't -- remember this, that wasn't friendly protesters. They were thugs, they were thugs, and the D -- the D.C. police are good, but the Mayor gave bad instructions last night.

Donald Trump: That should have never been allowed to happen. When a Senator like Rand Paul walks out and thank God we had some good police around him, and they took a tremendous, they took tremendous abuse and Rand Paul was in big trouble last night. He's a good guy. He's a friend of mine and that shouldn't happen to anybody, but he is a U.S. Senator walking outside and those four policemen should be brought over to the White House and we ought to give them a medal of some kind and we're going to do it.

Donald Trump: We're going to do it. I told that to Rand today. And the Mayor should be ashamed of herself for that kind of a display of incompetence because that's what's happening in Portland and that's what's happening all over, where you have Democrat-run cities. [Audience shouts "Boo"] Just take a look and we're looking at the whole situation in D.C. and tonight, they have a lot of people gathering.

Donald Trump: Let's see how that works out. They have to be able to manage their affairs. They get a lot of money. She's always looking for money, could we have more money? What are you going to waste it on? I mean, spend it on. What are you going to waste it on, Mayor? And then, our people walk out and these are people from all over the world.

Donald Trump: They walk, including Congress, by the way, they walk out and they get accosted, they get abused, they get spit on. It's a disgrace and our country is going to change. We're not going to allow that to happen. You know, we're not supposed to be -- we're not supposed to be involved unless we're invited in by the people that run.

Donald Trump: These are all Democrat cities just so you understand, including D.C., so we're not supposed to go in unless we call it an insurrection, but that's a big statement. It's a big statement, no reason for it, but you know what we're going to do? We're going to have to look at it. Mark Meadows is here. We're going to have to look at it because we're not going to let that happen to people that go to the White House to celebrate our country, right? [Audience chants "USA"] And a weak guy named Joe Biden and he's weak.

Donald Trump: He's weak as hell. A weak guy like Joe Biden didn't even bring law and order up as a subject for discussion in the entire Democrat National Convention. Now, they're all of a sudden [Audience shouts "Boo"] Now, they realize because they've gone down like a rock in water, they've gone down in the polls, and now all of a sudden, they're talking oh, well, we have to talk about crime.

Donald Trump: Number one, they have no -- look at what happened to New York. Look at what's going on in Chicago, all Democrats, all radical-left Democrats. Look at what's going on in the great State of Wisconsin. Now, I will tell you, two days ago we sent in the National Guard. That was the end of that problem. Look at Portland.

Donald Trump: We want to send in the National Guard, we sent in Homeland Security just to protect our -- a couple of our buildings, including a courthouse. Can you believe it? We send in because they can't protect it, so we sent -- they did a very effective job. We could take care of Portland in 45 minutes, 45 minutes.

Donald Trump: If that Governor, if that Mayor would call and say, please, send in the National Guard just like wait -- hey, we did it in Minneapolis. Remember that? The place was going to burn down, another few days we send in the National Guard, it was over within an hour, and they ought to get smart and that's what they ought to do.

Donald Trump: So now they're talking about well, you know, we want to -- they would talk -- why do they call it a friendly protest, right? Remember the idiot from CNN, he's standing there. This is a friendly protest and behind him over his shoulders, the entire city is burning down. Sixty-seven days from now, we're going to win the great State of New Hampshire.

Donald Trump: We have to and we're going to win four more years in the White House. [Audience shouts "Four more years"] Within my first term in office, we've secured America's borders, brought back our manufacturing jobs, rebuilt the United States military. It was a mess, it was a depleted mess. Wiped out the ISIS caliphate, killed our terrorist enemies, kept America out of foolish, stupid, ridiculous foreign wars, achieved American energy independence, and you see the price of your gasoline when you go fill it up, oh, boy, that's a nice price.

Donald Trump: It's half what it was and we built the single-greatest economy in the history of the world and that includes China which was having a very, very bad year. And then, the plague came in from China, we had to close it up. We saved millions of lives and now we're opening it and we're setting records, we're setting records.

Donald Trump: Wait until you see the numbers just before the election. They'll be released and this is despite the fact that the Democrats are holding back Michigan, North Carolina, you take a look, Pennsylvania. They want to keep them -- by the way on November 4th, regardless, they'll be opening them up, November 4th.

Donald Trump: Because they think that hurts the economy and that'll hurt me, but our numbers are going to be great. We're going to have a great third quarter. We're going to have an unbelievable next year unless somebody stupid gets elected and raises your taxes. This November, each of you will vote in truly the most important election in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: I used to say it about 2016, this is now at a new level. Joe Biden is the puppet of the Radical-left movement that seeks to obliterate and destroy everything that you hold dear [Audience shouts "Boo"] including your Second Amendment which will have no chance. Your vote will decide whether we save the American Dream or whether we allow Biden to eliminate your jobs -- and by the way, it's not Biden, it's not Biden, it's his masters, his -- they tell him what to do his masters.

Donald Trump: They want to erase your borders, confiscate your guns, appoint radical-left judges and prosecutors, tear down our history, demolish your suburbs, your su -- I did. I ended the rule. You're not going to have low-income housing built in your suburbs anymore, but nobody writes that because the fake news doesn't want to write that.

Donald Trump: But everyone knows. [Audio gap] Children, defund the police, and try everything in the book to turn our cities so that they look more like Portland, Oregon than what we're used to looking at. Never forget, they are coming after me because I am fighting for you. It's true, too. Today's Democrat Party is filled with hate.

Donald Trump: Just look at Joe Biden supporters on the streets screaming and shouting at bystanders with unhinged manic rage, right. You see it? It's crazy, it's crazy. You ought to see last night in Washington, it was a disgrace. It was a disgrace that these people are representing the United States of America. It was a disgrace.

Donald Trump: Protesters, you know what I say? Protesters, your ass. I don't talk about my ass. They're not protesters. Those aren't pro -- those are anarchists, they're agitators, they're rioters, they're looters, they're not -- you know, you say that and some of the people -- not all of them, but some of the people back there, oh, I get -- how dare you?

Donald Trump: These are friendly protesters, right? [Audience shouts "Boo"] Friendly protesters. They're just looking for trouble, has nothing to do with George Floyd has nothing to do with anything. They don't even know who George Floyd is, OK? They don't know who George Floyd -- they have no idea. If you ask them who's George Floyd?

Donald Trump: They couldn't even tell you. These are just bad people, trouble makers, and they shouldn't be representing our country at important events and we've got to stop it. Democrats have no complain about the rioters and the vandals marauding through our cities or mass unruly demonstrations, but they don't believe law-abiding citizens can go to a church together, you can't go to church anymore. [Audience shouts "Boo"] Do you know how many churches are closed in this country?

Donald Trump: Because of the Democrats, you can go out and you can have thousands of people marauding through the streets threatening other people, beyond threatening, kicking them in the face, doing what they've done you've seen it. And they would have done that to Senator Rand Paul last night. He'd either be in very bad shape or dead and that would include his wife if those policemen didn't happen to be there, and they took some big beating.

Donald Trump: And the reason they didn't fight back too much, they don't want to lose their pension, they don't want to lose their job because we've become so politically correct, everybody's afraid to do anything now, but they did a good job. [Audience shouts "Boo"] The puppet, Biden who's just controlled so strongly wants you to cancel weddings, funerals, and school, but has no problem with thousands of so-called peaceful protesters cramming into your streets, mugging people, hurting people, robbing stores, looting stores, burning down storefronts.

Donald Trump: The radical left will do anything to get power. They smear Justice Brett Kavanaugh and there is -- they are dis -- did you ever see anything like that? Justice Kavanaugh. People forget. You know, time goes by, they forget. We don't forget. I don't forget. They're destroying the livelihoods of innocent people and if Biden wins, which I honestly can't believe could happen. [Audience shouts "No"] I will have lost to a low-IQ individual.

Donald Trump: I don't want that. I don't want it. Sleepy Joe, I don't want it, but the agitators will go from rioting in the streets to running the halls of government, can you believe it? The levers, they call it the levers of government. The top 10 most dangerous cities in America are run by Democrats and have been for decades.

Donald Trump: Now, they're trying to impose those policies across the entire country. [Audience shouts "No"] [Audience shouts "Boo"] No one will be safe in Biden's Ameri -- I can't even call it Biden's America. The guy doesn't know he's alive. He's going to be out in 10 days, he's going to start 10 days, 10 days. I mean, I gave a big speech last night, I said what am I doing tomorrow night?

Donald Trump: You're going to New Hampshire. But, sir -- but, sir we can cancel New Hampshire because you know, you had a big night. We can can -- I said are you crazy? I don't have that courage to cancel New Hampshire. I got to win New Hampshire and I love the people and you've been very good to me, been very good to me. [Audience chants "USA"] You've been very good to me.

Donald Trump: So New Hampshire was the first state I won, right? Remember, I came here. I was very excited. That was an exciting -- That was an exciting race, but we don't talk about that anymore. We have to talk about the future. We don't talk about it. That was great. It was important. We've done more than any administration at its first three and a half years in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: And that's despite phony witch hunts, phony investigations, a phony impeachment based on a phone call that was absolutely perfect. That's despite a pandemic that was probably sent in by China, who the hell knows how it got here, and all over the world because China does not want to see me win. I can tell you that.

Donald Trump: We're not happy with China. I'll tell you why, if Biden got in, China would own the United States very quickly. They'd own it. If the Democrat Party wants to stand with anarchists, criminals, rioters, looters, and flag burners, that's up to them. The Republican Party and you, I can see you. Is there anybody in this place that enjoys burning the American flag? [Audience shouts "No"] Please quietly raise your hand.

Donald Trump: Be careful, could be very dangerous. The Republican Party will remain the voice of the patriotic heroes who keep America safe and our law enforcement, right? We are all that stand between the American people and the left-wing mob. If you want to save democracy from the mob, then you must vote to defeat an extremely poor candidate.

Donald Trump: Look, I believe I have the honor of running against the worst candidate ever put up by the Democratic Party [Inaudible]. How do you get [Inaudible]? [Audience chants "USA"] I believe, he's the worst candidate, the slowest candidate, and I mean in primetime he was the slowest candidate, which was a long time ago, primetime.

Donald Trump: You know what I don't like though, they say he's like 78, 79, 78, I guess, right? I know people that are 85, that are 88, 92, Bernie Marcus, Home Depot, he's 92 years old, he's the sharpest guy you'll ever meet. There's nothing -- 78 is OK, but that's a bad 78, not a good 78. Seventy-eight's OK, but he shouldn't say that.

Donald Trump: You know, they shouldn't say -- the press, they talk -- they say he's too old. He's not too old, seven -- he's not too old, but 78 OK. But I do, I know people in their 90s that are 100% sharp and good physically, actually good physically. You want debates? So do I. I want debates, too. I want debates, too.

Donald Trump: Tonight, we're honored to be joined by New Hampshire House Republican leader, Dick Hinch. Where is Dick? And I think your great Governor is here, where's the Governor? where's our Governor? Hi, Dick. Good job. Do we like Dick? Yes. Where's our Governor? He's here. He just met me, I told him go back. Hi, Steve.

Donald Trump: Because you have a great Governor and we don't have same day voting anymore. We don't have same day -- what a joke that was last time, remember? Buses poured up from Massachusetts with a lot of people that weren't going to vote for Trump and they poured up, thousands and thousands of people came in on Election Day.

Donald Trump: And then, you had a Senator running on the Republican Party, who wasn't exactly the greatest for us, but we have done so well here and we're going to have a big win and I'm hearing, we're going to have a great win. So I want to thank your Governor. Also with us, are State Representatives, Al Baldasaro, and Fred Doucette.

Donald Trump: Where are you? Hi -- hi, Al. I know these guys so well. Hey, Al, have I taken care of the vets better than you even thought? [Audience shouts "Yeah"] This guy I met him, he's a big vet. He wanted the vets, he didn't care about anything else, but the vets. Honestly, he couldn't have cared less about anybody here, except the vets, but I did a good job, right?

Donald Trump: We did a good job for the vets. Very importantly, very, very U.S. Senate candidate Corky Messner. Good Corky, I hear you're doing well. Good Corky. We need Corky. Get them. We need Corky. I hear you're doing well, Corky. Congressional candidate Matt Mowers at the back. Thank you. Thank you, Matt. Great people.

Donald Trump: A friend of mine for a long time, he said right from the beginning, you're going to win this state, sir. We met him at the primaries, Chairman of New Hampshire Republican Party, Steven Stepanek, Steven. Hi, Steve. Great, Steve. Co-chairman of my New Hampshire campaign, Lou Gargiulo. Where's Lou? Lou Gargiulo.

Donald Trump: Hi, Lou. How am I doing? Are we winning Lou? Lou, are we winning? Thank you. He said, yes, if he said no, he's out of here. And a friend of mine and a friend of the state, he loves this state and he is a smart cookie, so good. I love him on television. He's no games, you know, just looks and he gives you the answer, but he's done a fantastic job.

Donald Trump: The first person on my whole -- you know, you read about all these people, this is the first guy and he's a great guy. He's a friend of mine, Corey Lewandowski. Where's Corey? Great guy, tremendous guy, tremendous help. Thank you, Corey. Are you having a good time, Corey? Who's going to win this year, Corey?

Donald Trump: You bet. That was a little bit slow with that had [Inaudible] huh? With the help of everyone here today, we've accomplished more in the first three years. We've done so much, we've done so much. You can go over it, taxes and you can go over what we've done with the military. We passed the biggest tax cuts ever, ever in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: Now, they want to raise taxes. Think of it. All my life, I've watched politicians, don't forget, I've only been doing this for four and a half years. I haven't been -- I've had Senators come in, I've had Congressmen come in. Sir, I've been doing this for 25 years and in 25 years, I've only lost three races, sir.

Donald Trump: I said, but I've only been doing it for four years and I only won one race, but now I have to win two. One race I won, but it was for President. It was for President. It was for President. But we did the largest tax cut in the history of our country and we eliminated the most job-destroying regulations in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: I ended the job-killing Paris Climate Accord. That was a killer, that was meant to hurt the United States, by the way, in case you had any questions. Today, the United States is the No. 1 producer of oil and natural gas anywhere on earth. To give critically-ill patients access to life-saving cures we passed, and hopefully, anybody here doesn't need it.

Donald Trump: Nobody here, uh-oh, do you need it? Uh-oh. Don't raise that -- oh, she did -- is? Is she OK? I'll get it for her. Is she OK? We got to get her on the list. Tell me. Oh, from before? Well, that's a long time, before I was President. Does she want to get on the list? Because I've seen you at rallies before.

Donald Trump: I want to get -- Will you please, I want to get his wife on the list. It's called Right to Try, Right to Try. We'll work -- he's been a friend of mine, oh, come on. He's been here for a long time. He's been -- he's been a good guy for a long time. We got to get -- is your wife? how's she doing? She couldn't get it before me.

Donald Trump: Well, we had that with Mueller. You saw that with the Mueller's last night. You saw that, right? It was a -- a sad with their incredible daughter, what happened. He said if Trump was President, that wouldn't have happened and they're right. That would not have happened. We took out al-Baghdadi. I wish I were President the uh -- you would have had a different solution.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Go ahead. How about you? Yeah, we'll talk to you later, Right to Try. You have no idea, so many people. They used to travel all over the world to get a cure, and now, we can sign a quick, simple document. You know, it sounds easy, it wasn't, but it was easy for me. I understood it and now you sign a document, we give you the greatest medicines, even if they haven't been approved.

Donald Trump: And if somebody is terminally ill, like in the case of your wife, if somebody is terminally ill, at least you have hope, but it's beyond that because people have gone home. You have to see some of the results have been incredible and you saw one of the people the other day, right? That wonderful young lady that was so incredible and spoke so well and she's a special person.

Donald Trump: She really is a special person. Thank you. We'll talk to you. Thank you very much. And to bring opportunities to our inner cities, I signed the groundbreaking criminal justice reform, prison reform, opportunity zones, permanent funding for historically Black colleges and universities, true. And before the China virus came in, before that China virus came in, we had the best job numbers ever recorded in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: We had almost 160 million Americans working, we had never had numbers like that. The Republican Party is the party of Abraham Lincoln, remember that. We stand for so much, including Martin Luther King's dream of a nation, where our children are judged not by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character.

Donald Trump: You know that. The radical left's effort to divide everyone by race tears us apart. There's so much racial hatred and it's put there by CNN, by MSNBC. [Audience shouts "Boo"] They stoke the flames and they know it. The good news is their ratings aren't great. So that's, OK. They don't have great ratings, but they stoke the flames.

Donald Trump: Uh-oh CNN just turned off their camera again. They always turn off their camera. Why do I keep doing that? You know, every time I do it, they turn off their camera. They did it last time. I mentioned CNN, they're screamin' turn the camera off. It's true. Our movement is about a brighter future for all Americans of every race, religion, color, and creed.

Donald Trump: Joe Biden spent the last 47 years betraying the African-American community. I've spent the last four years delivering for the African-American community, like nobody with the exception possibly of Abraham Lincoln has delivered before. It's true. My first week in office, I withdrew the United States from the last administration's horrible, stupid, insane Trans-Pacific Partnership, would have destroyed the U.S. auto industry and many other industries.

Donald Trump: New Hampshire lost one in four and I think much more than that. Manufacturing jobs following twin disasters of NAFTA and China's entrance into the WTO. It was more than one in four, that statistic is wrong. Please have it changed. That statistic is wrong, far more than one in four. Earlier this year, I kept my promise and replaced the NAFTA nightmare with the brand new U.S.-Mexico-Canada agreement.

Donald Trump: They said that couldn't be done. I also took the toughest-ever action to stand up to China's pillaging and plundering of American jobs. Joe Biden's agenda is made in China. My agenda is made in America. [Audience chants "USA"] After years of building up other nations, we are finally building up our nation and our jobs and we're taking care of our people.

Donald Trump: You know, last night I got great reviews of this speech and all but some of the fakers back there they said, well, it was a little long. He shouldn't use the White House, so really tell me. But they said it was little -- then, one person, I think it was Chris Wallace, nice guy. He's actually a nice guy. [Audience shouts "Boo"] He said that he didn't have the same energy in the speech that he usually has.

Donald Trump: Well, it's a different kind of a speech. Tonight, I'm in New Hampshire and we can wing it. [Audience shouts "Yeah"] You see, actually, actually, Chris, who has always wanted to be his father, but it never worked out because of a lack of talent. Actually, though, actually, Chris has it wrong. If I did last night's speech here, by now, you would have all been walking out.

Donald Trump: And if I did tonight's speech there I would have been criticized by being slightly radical, but we're having a good time doing it this way, right? [Audience shouts "Yeah"] Because we are finally putting America first. Under my administration, America's borders are more secure than ever before. We ended the catch and release, stop the asylum fraud, and we have deported 20,000 gang members and 500,000 criminal aliens.

Donald Trump: We've already built 300 miles of border wall and we're adding 10 new miles every single week, and the wall will soon be completed and our numbers on the border are the best they've ever been. And by the way, you know, Mexico is paying for the wall just in case you didn't know that. They don't know that. They're paying for the wall.

Donald Trump: You ever noticed on the wall, everything was wall, wall. They didn't think I was going to get it done because, you know, look, you have one major party controlling Congress and they don't want to give me a wall. So you know, they're going crazy, wall, the wall's not getting done. Then I get it done, get it from the military, get it from everything.

Donald Trump: You know, I'm a developer. I know how to get money. It's what developers understand. And now that the wall is almost complete, it'll be soon complete and it's that wall that Border Security wanted so badly, this is the one. But now that it's built, you never hear about the wall. They don't talk about it anymore.

Donald Trump: They don't talk about it anymore, it's incredible, but the world will soon be complete. We've invested $2.5 trillion in the US military and launched the first new branch of the U.S. Armed Forces, in nearly 75 years, the Space Force. And Al, in honor of you, we have passed VA Choice and VA Accountability, Al.

Donald Trump: That guy's been bugging me for years. Al has been bugging me. What's in that hat, Al? Let me see. Uh, it's nothin'. Al, he's been bugging me for years. Did you ever think we'd get VA Choice, VA Accountability? Did you ever really believe it? Thank you, Al. I withdrew from the last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear deal.

Donald Trump: A disaster, $150 billion we paid Iran for a basically short-term deal and we gave them one -- what's more impressive, we also gave them $1.8 billion in cash, cash, many planeloads. You know what that took? Many, many planeloads, $1.8 billion. I said bad, that's when I realized how powerful a President is in the United States.

Donald Trump: When a President has the right which, by the way, I don't believe he did have that right, OK. When a President has the right to go into the banks and take out $1.8 billion and hand it to people that hate our guts. That's power, that's power. I don't believe he -- I don't believe he had the right to do it.

Donald Trump: I kept my promise, recognized the true capital of Israel, and open the U.S. embassy in Jerusalem. And I recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights and we achieved the first breakthrough in the Middle East in 25 years. You saw that just last week, UAE, highly respected Mohammed, highly respected, UAE, and Israel, and now, they're all going to be coming in.

Donald Trump: Now they're all saying, how come you didn't tell us about this? You'll have peace in the Middle East and yet, we're moving our troops out. It's pretty amazing, actually. We'll get no credit for it, but that's all right. Remember that, Caitlyn? Cover that properly, Caitlyn. We like Caitlyn. Together, we've spent the last four years cleaning up 47 years of Biden disasters.

Donald Trump: Joe Biden has spent his entire career on the wrong side of history. He supported NAFTA, China's entry, he's done so many things. This man, if you look at what he's done, we went into a deal the Korea -- do you know about the Korea deal? Hillary Clinton's deal along with Biden, they promised 250,000 jobs, right? 250,000 jobs and they were right, except all those jobs went to South Korea.

Donald Trump: They didn't come to us. [Audience shouts "Boo"] He wants mass amnesty, he wants illegal aliens to be taken care of, healthcare and every other way, and he wants to raise your taxes six -- look, your taxes are going to go through the roof. He's going to destroy your healthcare. He's going to have socialized medicine.

Donald Trump: Remember when Obama said 28 times, you can keep your doctor, you can keep your plan, turned out to be a lie. Now, you're going to lose your doctor again and we're going to lose 185 million people who have private health insurance. Who has private health insurance here? And you love it, right? You love it.

Donald Trump: It's luxury, it's good, it's beautiful, and you have the greatest -- you're going to lose it. I hate to tell you. Under his plan, you're going to lose your private healthcare. [Audience shouts "Boo"] So here's a guy, I go into Texas two weeks ago, we had, by the way, on the highway and the roadways thousands and thousands of people like lined up on the runway in New Hampshire, by the way.

Donald Trump: What happened to those people? We had thousands and thousands of people, so I'm in Texas, I'm also last week in Florida. We got total endorsement from all of the Sheriffs all over Florida, Ohio, many places, but think of Texas. He's against oil and gas, he's against guns, and he's against religion. So you're in Texas, you're in Texas, where I'm winning by a lot.

Donald Trump: They say Texas is very close. Uh, I don't think so. They said that last time, too. Remember, they said it last time. You know, for them to call it early, you have to be really -- so I heard from -- for a year, Texas is going to be very close. It's going to be -- everybody believed that, except for the people that lived in Texas.

Donald Trump: So at eight o'clock, the poll -- the polls closed and they said Donald Trump has won the State of Texas, simultaneously with the closing. But I'm now running in Texas, against the man who's against oil, guns, and God. How do you win Texas? I said this, you could bring George Washington back as your Presidential candidate.

Donald Trump: You could bring Abraham Lincoln, let's put him as the Vice Presidential candidate, run in Texas and other states, you couldn't win. You couldn't win. No, they're not going to win. We're going to win this and you're against the oil stuff, too, because his whole thing on oil, no, fracking, no, this, no, that.

Donald Trump: You know, New England has the highest energy costs in the United States. And you know why? Because Governor Cuomo will not let a pipeline go across the tip of New York State [Audience shouts "Boo"] so that oil and gas, of which we have plenty, can come. And you know where you buy your energy from? Russia.

Donald Trump: Did you know that? You have ships much of it from Russia because Governor Cuomo, New York won't allow a pipeline and they're desperate to have something happen in upper New York State and those are great people, but they've been treated very badly, but they won't allow a pipeline. By not allowing a pipeline, we're trying to do it through essentially eminent domain.

Donald Trump: By not allowing a pipeline to go through upper New York state and create a lot of jobs for them, you have the highest energy prices in states by far. Thank you, New York. Thank you. Thank you, Governor Cuomo. [Audience shouts "Boo"] Biden voted for the Iraq war. I was against the Iraq war. He opposed the mission to take out Osama bin Laden.

Donald Trump: He opposed the killing of Soleimani. You remember that one? He oversaw the rise of ISIS and he cheered the rise of China as a positive development for America and for the world. That's not a positive development. You know, before they went into the WTO, China was flatlined for years and years and decades, flatlined.

Donald Trump: And then they got into the WTO and a lot of bad things happened. First, China stole our jobs, plundered our intellectual property, and unleashed a virus. And now, China is trying to just hug and kiss Joe Biden. They want him so badly. Look, if you like China, you should vote for Biden that I can tell you.

Donald Trump: How about his son? Do you think the son, maybe there's a conflict? How about his son? Where's Hunter? Where is Hunter? Where is Hunter, does anybody know? Where's Hunter? He's in another country right now, probably ripping off another country. Now, as soon as Biden became Vice President bad things happened with respect to Hunter.

Donald Trump: If that happened with respect to my family, I wouldn't be standing. I guarantee you that. I guarantee you that. What a disgrace, what a disgrace. Ukraine and it's not just Ukraine and it's not just China, but he goes into China takes out $1.5 billion to manage and he knows nothing and he wasn't even employed, he got thrown out of the armed services.

Donald Trump: So give me a break. It's a disgrace, what's happening. There's a double -- there's a thing happening with the media like nobody's ever seen before, these people right here. [Audience shouts "Boo"] Because if that happened to a Republican, in particular, if any of that stuff happened to me, it would be brutal, but it happened to him.

Donald Trump: They don't want to talk about it and how about the questions asked by Anderson Cooper yesterday? Anderson Cooper, he's interviewed me a lot over the years and I always got along with him, but they were tough interviews. Did you hear the questions and Biden kept looking down? I think he was reading the answers off a teleprompter, right?

Donald Trump: I think he was reading the answers off a teleprompter and that's happened before. And how about David Muir of ABC? He's a nice guy, right? How soft were those questions? How soft were those -- they don't ask me questions like that. They got fire pouring out of their eyes. No, Mr. Vice President, what do you think of this?

Donald Trump: How was your breakfast, sir? Did you enjoy it? When I banned travel from China, Biden called it hysterical and xenophobic. He even used somewhere along the line, the word racist. They always, always figures, they always want to get that word in there. If we had listened to Joe, hundreds of thousands of more Americans would have died, but instead, my decision saying -- saved thousands and thousands of lives.

Donald Trump: And then, we banned Europe very early, because I saw what was going on, really in Italy and Spain and France. When The virus arrived, we launched the largest national mobilization since World War II. Mike Pence did a great job. We produced more than 100,000 ventilators within weeks and not a single American who has needed a ventilator has been denied a ventilator, not one.

Donald Trump: You heard all about -- and now we're producing ventilators. It's hard to produce, expensive, complex, we're producing them now for the rest of the world, 188 countries were affected by this. We pioneered advances in treatment that have reduced the monthly rate and you look at this, the mortality rate has been reduced by 85% since April.

Donald Trump: Think of that, 85% since April. Under Operation Warp Speed, three different vaccines are right now in final stage trials. If you go back three years, that would have been something that would have been impossible to even discuss. It would have taken years. We will produce a vaccine this year and together, we will defeat the virus, that's already getting defeated.

Donald Trump: And by the way, another big Democrat hoax, another big hoax. I want football back, I'm the one that's been saying. Is that a correct statement? I want football back. These are young, strong guys, they're not going to be affected by the virus. If you look at it, it's generally older people, older people that have heart conditions, and have diabetes that have problems.

Donald Trump: These are big strong, guys. They'll be just fine, but I want football back. I've been calling for football to be back, including Big Ten, Big Ten, get with it. Open up your season, Big Ten. And the Dems don't want it back for political reasons, but now their new line, this is like Russia, Russia, Russia.

Donald Trump: You know, all this crap they come up with. Now their new line is, they are trying to blame me and keep football shut down. They want to keep it shut down and they're saying that President Trump shut it down. I'm the one that wants it open. So they're reversing it. They're playing a big con game, it's just a con game and that's what we're dealing with, and we have to defeat them on November 3rd.

Donald Trump: I want football back and Big Ten open. And now the other day, Joe Biden came up with a plan to impose a blanket shutdown. He'd be willing to do another blanket and we had to do it. We blanket, we shut down, we saved millions of lives instead of the number we have today, 175,000. We could have had 2 million today instead.

Donald Trump: It would have been unacceptable, unsustainable, unsustainable. We did everything right, we did it right. We closed it down. We stopped China. We stopped Europe. Now, we're opening it up and we're opening it up to record numbers, despite the fact that the Democrats are keeping their states shut down and hurting people that live in those states, shut down as long as possible. [Audience shouts "Boo"] But now, Biden wants to do another blanket shutdown, possibly, that would decimate the economy and cause suicides, drug overdoses, alcohol abuse, heart attacks, joblessness, you'd have jobs -- all of the problems that it causes because it's not just a one-sided equation.

Donald Trump: A shutdown causes big problems also, and at this point, when the economy is roaring back, we had record-job numbers this last quarter, over 9 million jobs. We're going to throw that all out? We have a market, you know, your stock market -- who has 401Ks here? Your 401Ks and your stocks, when you have stocks, would be obliterated.

Donald Trump: And right now, we have just on two of your markets, as you know, S&P and NASDAQ, you're at new records and you're about to hit another new record. Think of it, who would have thought the stock market? And hopefully, we're at the end of this horrible China virus, came from China, they should have stopped it and they didn't. But who would have thought, just who would have thought that the stock market is at record levels right now, record levels and everything else is going to follow.

Donald Trump: Before the virus, we created an economic miracle and now, we're doing it again. We did the Paycheck Protection Program, where we saved more than 200,000 jobs in New Hampshire alone, 200,000, right? Over the past three months, we've gained so many different -- if you look at retail numbers, take a look at our retail numbers, they're literally at records.

Donald Trump: Look at some of the numbers being announced by companies, they're at records. Can you imagine giving that all up and starting again? It's not acceptable. If I'm re-elected, we will create 10 million jobs over the next 10 months and we'll do that easily. The Biden agenda with big tax increases and big regulation increases would immediately kill everything.

Donald Trump: You will go into a depression and I'm very good at predicting this. You will go into a depression, the likes of which this country has not seen since 1929, and who knows, maybe worse than that. They are playing a suicide mission if they want to raise your taxes. They want to -- they want to raise your taxes by $4 trillion and that's going to be almost everybody.

Donald Trump: They're saying for the rich, no, not for the rich. They're going to be raising everybody's taxes almost. Joe Biden is running on the most extreme far-left platform of any nominee in American history and of our foreign adversaries were devising a plan to destroy the United States from within, all they have to look is at the Biden-Harris.

Donald Trump: How about her? Is she a beauty? What a beauty, that is. [Audience shouts "Boo"] They pick a woman who starts off -- she starts off sort of strong. She's one of the favorites. Within a period of a few months, she goes down, down, 15, 12, 11, nine, eight, five, three, two. [Audience shouts "Boo"] Then she goes, I'm going to leave because I've decided that I want to leave.

Donald Trump: I want to leave. She left because she wouldn't have gotten any votes. She was terrible. And this would be your President, possibly? I don't think so. [Audience shouts "Boo"] I don't think so. You know, I want to see the first woman President also, but I don't want to see a woman President get into that position the way she'd do it and she's not competent.

Donald Trump: She's not competent. They're all saying, we want Ivanka. [Audience shouts "Yeah"] I don't blame you. They want to eliminate America's borders in the middle of a pandemic, suspend all deportations, restore catch and release, and expand horrible, dangerous, disgusting sanctions cities. They want to give illegal aliens, government, healthcare, and taxpayer-funded lawyers.

Donald Trump: That's what we need is more lawyers, let's get some. Let's get some more lawyers into the act. They want to end national security, travel bans from jihadist nations, very dangerous, and increase refugee admissions by 700%. This is in the Bernie Sanders, crazy Bernie, you know crazy Bernie? [Audience shouts "Boo"] and a lot of his people are going to vote for me, just like they did last time.

Donald Trump: You know why? Because of trade, because I agree with Bernie Sanders, but my trade policies are much tougher than his, and I'm able to do it. All you have to do is how is China doing last year with my trade policy? Not too well and we had the best year we've ever had. So we're going to get a lot of Bernie Sanders voters because they like my attitude on trade.

Donald Trump: They really like it because they've been telling people for years. Our country is being ripped off by China and many other countries, including I hate to say it, our allies. Our allies have been ripping us big and you heard me say last night, NATO. I got $130 billion from them, first time going up to $400 billion a year from NATO countries by saying you got to do it, you got to do it.

Donald Trump: And Secretary -- General Secretary Stoltenberg said it can't be done. He said he could not believe it. He's actually my biggest fan and nobody ever calls him for a quote, call him sometime. They want to abolish cash bail and cut funding for law enforcement. [Audience shouts "Boo"] They want to end -- [Audience shouts "Boo"] we want to increase law enforcement, not cut law enforcement. [Audience shouts "Yeah"] By the way, Pat Lynch, a great guy, New York, New York, really great -- New York's finest, right.

Donald Trump: They've been -- their rights have been taken away from literally. They're not allowed to do their job, but Pat Lin -- Lynch, say, he said the first time in history that they know of New York's finest have endorsed a candidate, the candidate is Donald Trump. The first time they've done it. And all over the country, the Sheriffs of Florida, all of Texas, all over the country, Ohio, law enforcements endorsing Trump.

Donald Trump: I cannot imagine them getting any law enforcement endorsements. If they do, please let me know and we'll have a little discussion, we'll ask why did that happen? They want to end school choice and ban charter schools. They want to abolish American energy, including all of the things I said before and it add to that coal and add to that shale.

Donald Trump: A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, a bright future, the American Dream for all Americans, and there is no limit to what we can achieve with four more years. So, in conclusion, I have to say this, over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world.

Donald Trump: That's happening already and we will end our reliance on China once and for all. We'll do it here like we used to do in the good old days before we owed trillions of dollars. We will hire more police, increased penalties for assaults on law enforcement, surge federal prosecutor into high crime communities and neighborhoods, and ban sanctuary cities. [Audience shouts "Yeah"] We will kill our terrorist enemies as we've been doing while keeping America out of the endless foreign wars.

Donald Trump: I go to Dover and I greet these incredible families of soldiers that have been so sadly killed, so sadly killed. It's such a shame. I go to the hospital, I go to Walter Reed Medical Center. It's incredible. The doctors are so talented. I see what they can do, but soldiers so badly hurt, and they're really acting as police, they're acting as police.

Donald Trump: Now, we're very low in Afghanistan. Now, in terms of numbers of troops, we're getting out. We'll be getting out soon. We're very low in Iraq, we're very low, except we kept the oil. We left some behind for the oil. If you don't mind, we kept the oil. We should have kept the oil in Iraq, like I've been saying.

Donald Trump: We'll appoint prosecutors, judges, and justices, who believe in enforcing the law, not their own political agenda, which is what we have in many cases right now. And the next President will be, in my opinion, responsible for two, three, for, and maybe, maybe even five U.S. Supreme Court justices. [Audience shouts "Yeah"] You better vote for me.

Donald Trump: You better vote for me or you're going to have the greatest depression you've ever seen. We will uphold religious liberty, free speech, and the right to keep and bear arms, Second Amendment. We will end surprise medical billing requires -- already done. I signed it, nobody can believe I did it. Price transparency, do you know what that is?

Donald Trump: Do you know how big that is? Where you're able to actually negotiate with hospitals, see their prices, compare it. Do you know who likes it? Good hospitals and good doctors. Other people don't like it. It's the biggest thing and nobody even talks about it, but I've already put it into effect. The bad news is, it goes into effect on January 1st.

Donald Trump: You better make sure you elect me, so I get credit for it. [Audience shouts "Yeah"] Otherwise, could you imagine if sleepy Joe got in and medical prices and drug prices and everything are droppin' and he said I wonder what happened? What hap -- and I did it all. I'll be so angry at New Hampshire, I'll never speak to you again.

Donald Trump: You know all these things, what we're doing with drugs -- you know, we instituted a favored nations clause. We instituted favored nations. That's going to drop your prices, 50%, 60%, 70% and I'm the only President that in 5l years, last year prices went down a little, not much, but they went down. First time in 51 years, favored nations could drop at 50%, 60%, 70%, and on top of that, I instituted rebates, where the rebates go toward price reductions and back to the customer instead of to the middlemen.

Donald Trump: So we will protect Medicare and we will protect Social Security and we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions. America will land the first woman on the moon and the United States will be the first nation to plant its beautiful American flag. Do we love our American flag on Mars? [Audience shouts "Yeah"] Above all, we will teach our children to love our country, to honor our history, and be inspired by the words of the New Hampshire State motto.

Donald Trump: Have you ever heard of these words? Live free or die, Live free or die. [Audience chants "USA"] Vote for those people and you do, you have a great Governor. Vote for your people, vote for your Governor. You have a great Governor from Portsmouth to Dixville, from Concord to Keene. I know a friend from Keene, great guy.

Donald Trump: I had a friend from Keene, a long time. Keene, New Hampshire and Merrimack to Manchester, we will fight for every job, every family, and every neighborhood, and we will fight for every vote. We have to win. We have no choice. Can I be honest with you? OK, look, we're working hard, we're all working. I don't have to do this.

Donald Trump: I could get off that beautiful plane. It used to be black and white with a red stripe, that was [Inaudible] but that's Air Force One you know. I get off that beautiful plane, I could come up and say, ladies and gentlemen, of New Hampshire, you have no choice. You have to vote for me because if you don't, you'll be put in radical lefties, you'll have a depression, your stocks will be worthless, your 401Ks will be gone, there'll be crime all over your streets.

Donald Trump: So I'm not going to work at all I'm leaving now, but you have to vote for me because you have no choice, right? I could say it, right, right? We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who crossed the oceans, blazed the trails, settle the continent, tamed the wilderness, laid down the railroads, won two World Wars, defeated fascism and communism and made America the greatest nation in the history of the world, and we are making it greater.

Donald Trump: We will be greater than ever before, we will. [Audience chants "USA"] Incredible citizens like you, the people of New Hampshire, helped build this country, and together, we are taking back our country. We are not going to let the radical left, socialists or communists take our country. We're not going to let them.

Donald Trump: We're returning power to you, the American people. With your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one nation under God. And we don't take the beautiful word God out of our pledge of allegiance, do we? [Audience shouts "No"] You don't do that?

Donald Trump: They did it twice. They did it twice. [Audience shouts "Boo"] Then they said we didn't mean that. Oh, I see. I was listening once, they said that's right. You know you don't know what it is. What happened? What happened? They did it on purpose. They did it twice. That's where they're coming from. You can be fools and you can be fooled, but that's where they're coming from.

Donald Trump: So don't be surprised, but they're not going to get there. We're not going to let it happen. We're not going to let our country be destroyed by a bunch of nut jobs. America will soon be thriving like never before, and together, with the people of New Hampshire that had meant so much to me and I brought down opioid and I brought down drug problems for you by 19% and nobody even talks about it, 19%. I talk about New Hampshire a lot because you had one of the proportionally worst problems of any country, of any -- of any state in this incredible country.

Donald Trump: You had one of the worst problems of any of the states and I talk about you a lot. It was incredible and you still have, but we brought it down 19% and people are absolutely shocked. And if it weren't for the China plague, the number would be 25% or 30%. That really hurt us because people sort of went back to some old ways because they don't want to be shut down any longer.

Donald Trump: Joe, don't you understand that? They don't want to be shut down. So I worked very hard on that for this state and for other states, but this was a state that was so severely impacted with the drug problem and that wall is stopping them and it's stopping them like never before. We're stopping them like never before.

Donald Trump: I want to thank New Hampshire for all you've done for me. I want to thank New Hampshire. You were my first victory, as I said, but you are going to lead a nation to the most important victory and the most important election that we've ever had. We will make America wealthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America proud again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.