Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-campaign-rally-latrobe-pa-september-3-2020

Donald Trump: So thank you, Pennsylvania, very much. I am thrilled to be in Latrobe, the home of the late great, my friend, Arnold Palmer. What a great guy he was. What a great guy. Thank you very much. 61 days from now, we are going to win the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. And we are going to win four more years in the White House.

Donald Trump: Joe Biden wants to surrender your jobs to China, you know that. [Audience Boos] His son walked out with a lot of money for doing nothing. He wants to surrender your nation to the radical left-wing mob. He is trying to change now. You know I say that's not working because we are going up and he's dropping like a rock in water.

Donald Trump: And before the China virus, this election was over now I had to go back to work, and we have done a great job on it. We don't get the credit. We don't get the credit. We made a lot of governors look very good, but I will keep your jobs in America, and I will bring rioters, looters, violent extremists, anarchists, we will bring them to justice.

Donald Trump: That is what we're doing right now. We have over 400 right now under arrest. These are bad people. Over the last 3 and a half years, we have secured America's borders, fixed our broken trade deals, rebuilt the United States military, obliterated the ISIS caliphate 100 percent. Secured American energy independence and built the single greatest economy in the history of the world, and now we are going to do it again.

Donald Trump: Have to do it again. Got to do it again. And it is happening. You see what's happening, job numbers, retail sale numbers are all at records. It is happening, it is happening very fast, it is actually happening in a super V, not a V, it's a super V and you will see that and big numbers are coming out and have come out and just watch your set or watch your newspaper, read your newspaper.

Donald Trump: You are seeing numbers that -- we haven't seen those numbers ever before actually. We have never seen them, and by the way, we have record stock markets, we have record everything. We are going to have -- You are going to have an incredible economic year next year. Your stocks are going up, your 401(k)s are through the roof.

Donald Trump: Had a little pause today, people wanted to take some profits, and probably somebody said something stupid along the way but the stock market's at record levels. Think of it. You be hopefully rounding the turn on the pandemic; we are rounding that turn, and vaccines are coming along great. You know that the job that they have done the doctors everybody else we are years ahead of schedule.

Donald Trump: Anybody else asPresident you wouldn't be talking about vaccines for two or three years from now I will tell you right now. That I can tell you. Biden will never be able to protect your jobs or your family. He is a puppet of the socialist, Marxist and the cop-hating extremist, and they are cop-hating. And we love our law enforcement.

Donald Trump: We love them. And by the way, we have I don't know if you saw this if there's any way if you're seeing it we have thousands of people behind this hanger, thousands and we are trying to get them in, and I would love to get them in. I mean it's an airport, let them go to the runways, okay? Let them in. I mean we have I mean literally we landed, I actually thought that was the crowd.

Donald Trump: You know were doing the hanger thing now because the arenas can't do it because of the pandemic for a while, a little while, but in certain ways, I like this better I don't have to travel I get off the plane, I make a speech I get the hell out of here. Right? No, these are great. Do you remember the last days before the campaign I would do a lot of them a day, get off the plane.

Donald Trump: It was a little different plane it was black and white instead of the blue and white, but we had some time, and that was an important -- that was an important day, and that was an important year 2016, but I will tell you the election that we have coming up is the single most important election in the history of this country.

Donald Trump: And we had a level of enthusiasm I mean even look today with all going on look at -- look at the kind of crowds we have and -- [Audience chants "Four more years"] But we had record enthusiasm in 2016 by the way, was that the greatest evening ever? November and now it's going to be November 3, and we will keep it going, and we will get it all like a tree you move that tree it takes a little while to plan your tax cuts, they are going to raise your taxes, they are going to take away your guns, it's really if you look -- [Audience Boos] And you know they will criticize me for saying this the fake news media which is back there. [Audience Boos] With their fake -- with their fake polls the same as last year we could just put it all on tape the fate polls, the fake everything.

Donald Trump: The fake -- you know they are called suppression polls. They are meant to make you depressed. Are you depressed? You don't look depressed. The real numbers and we have the real numbers, we are leading everywhere, we are leading everywhere. I will tell you I think -- I think we are way ahead of what we were four years ago, and there's far more enthusiasm.

Donald Trump: Our base is bigger, it is stronger, and we have done the greatest job again if we didn't get hit with the plague from China this thing we wouldn't have even -- between us I would have canceled Mr. Congressman most of the rallies I wouldn't have needed a rally. That's a little bit unfair, but that's okay, that is what China has done to our nation.

Donald Trump: They have screwed us for a long time on a lot of different ways. Never has anybody ripped off our nation like China, and I have taken in billions and billions of dollars. We never -- we never took in 10 cents from China and I gave $28 billion right, $28 billion to the farmers because they were targeted unfairly by China and our farmers are very unhappy.

Donald Trump: I don't think we have too many farmers in this wonderful Pennsylvania town. I know we have a lot of boilermakers over there. We have got a lot of boilermakers. I will be talking about them. Look at those guys. Nobody going to mess with them, I will tell you. We are going to be talking about them in a minute, but for the entire summer, Biden was silent as far-left rioters viciously attacked law enforcement in Democrat-run cities all, burned down businesses, terrorize civilians, and just recently marched through the streets chanting death to America.

Donald Trump: This is what we have. Death to America. [Audience Boos] And by the way, we could end it like immediately. You so what we did in Wisconsin. It ended. Took a while for the governor. You know they have to ask us in it's like otherwise, we have to do something much bigger, and it is totally unnecessary. The National Guard is fantastic.

Donald Trump: I went to see them two days ago. Biden went there today. There was nobody there. There was nobody there. He was a little late. I was going to say hey, listen, we ended that problem, but we could ended in Portland, wise guys in Portland, anarchist. They are agitators. They are looters. I will tell you we could end it in Portland in half an hour.

Donald Trump: We did it in Seattle. We told him we are coming in you either end it or we are coming in. Congressman, we were going in the next day we're all set. I was actually disappointed to be honest. They ended it in Seattle. They took over 20 percent of the city. Do you believe this and the mayor said no, it's going to be a summer of love.

Donald Trump: These people are crazy. So we -- we end them very quickly, we end them very quickly and now what we are doing is we are holding back funds for cities that don't know what they are doing where they allow crime to run rampant. And we put a 10-year prison sentence on anybody that knocks down a statue. I took out an old ordinance, a very old one because today in Congress you don't get things like that, today they think that you should just have no cash bail, you know they do the no cash bail you kill somebody there's no bail, don't worry about it, go out.

Donald Trump: But I took out an old ordinance I gave a new executive order says 10 years in prison and amazingly -- amazingly that was like 3 1/2 months ago and they were having a big march on Washington march elsewhere and amazingly that was the end of the statues coming down. No statues. We are actually prosecuting people for having done it.

Donald Trump: We made it retroactive to the beginning. Terrible. And by the way, the state statues, and monuments they have to do the same thing. It's really easy. But the rioters that want Biden to win, the what to win because their agenda is an agenda it's what they want, it's the craziest thing I've ever seen. They both want to cut funding for police.

Donald Trump: They want to end that cash bail. They want to hire far-left prosecutors and judges and let the criminals run wild. The radical-left district attorney in Portland, Mike Schmidt, his name is has released hundreds of rioters and announced that anyone arrested for interfering with police officers, disorderly conduct, criminal trespass, rioting, and other offenses will not be prosecuted under any circumstances. [Audience Boos] Oh, it's worse.

Donald Trump: It's worse. You have somebody in Philadelphia whose worse, right? Worse. In his manifesto with Bernie Sanders, that's what it is Biden agreed to all of these things. You know you notice now no, no, I never said about fracking, I never said if you don't do fracking in Pennsylvania 900,000 jobs and your energy bills will triple.

Donald Trump: Other than that, I don't think you should have it, okay? No, but he said in the manifesto plus he said many times you know we put on the clip yesterday no fracking, no this, know that, no guns. How about guns? No guns, no Second Amendment. [Audience Boos] Biden has pledged to appoint prosecutors who extend these insane far-left policies nationwide.

Donald Trump: That is what he has done. That is called the manifesto. He agreed to all of this stuff. The craziest thing you know you are supposed to bring it to the right he actually brought it further left. Bernie never dreamt that this was possible. Presumably, you know crazy Bernie? You know I had a lot of his voters come to me four years ago a big percentage.

Donald Trump: You know why? Because I agree with him and he agrees with me on one thing trade, the trade because he knew that other countries are ripping us off, and so did I nobody else got it, especially Biden, never got it. He never got it, still doesn't get it. Now he really gets nothing I am telling you. He didn't get it in prime time now he really doesn't get it.

Donald Trump: But it's okay for them to make every city look just like Portland, which is a disaster and again we could clean it up we just go right through it 5,000, 10,000, right through it. These guys are tough, they are smart, and they love our country, they love our country. We will clean it up in one half an hour, it will be over.

Donald Trump: You see this radical-left mayor Wheeler his name is the radical-left mayor they chased him Mike, they chased him out of his home last night, and all he does is be nice to them because they don't understand nice. They only understand one thing, strength. That is the only thing they -- they don't understand nice.

Donald Trump: They chased him out of his home. Unbelievable. Biden's plan is to appease the domestic terrorists and my plan is to arrest them and prosecute them. And I will always defend law-abiding citizens, that is why the rioters are voting for Biden and the law enforcement people. You know we have it from everybody.

Donald Trump: We just got the sheriffs in Florida all of them, all of them, we got Ohio, we got Texas, we got to Carolina, we got South Carolina, we got everybody. I don't know if there's anybody. I see Rick Perry right there. Rick Perry, what are you doing here, Rick? Rick Perry one of the greats. But they are all voting for me.

Donald Trump: This election is about safety, and this election is about jobs. Today I am delighted to accept a very, very special endorsement from people I like, sort of grew up with these people. I don't know what it is the relationship we have with all of us, with all of us, but I am endorsing, I am getting an endorsement tonight from some very, very special people.

Donald Trump: They work hard, they do great. We really put them to back to work because the state was in trouble and last year you had the single greatest year economic year in the history of your whole operation, right? Your whole operation, you never had anything like that. This has been your greatest -- this has been prior to the plague coming in it has been the commonwealth's greatest can we have a commonwealth a state?

Donald Trump: You got two places, you always have to say well, wait a minute is this one a commonwealth, two places. Do you know what the other place is? Name it. That's right. How did you know that congressman? But this commonwealth it's a great commonwealth, it's a great place and the boilermakers' local union -- Local 154 of the boilermakers they chartered in Pittsburgh 125 years ago none you were around to see you, and it now represents members in Pennsylvania, Ohio, and West Virginia, and I want to thank John Hughes and the boilermakers here today.

Donald Trump: It is a great honor to have you. Let me who's John? Where the hell is John? Stand up, John. John, we appreciate it. We appreciate it. You know why John is the head? You know why? Because look he's got the worst location. I say where's John? I'm looking in the front row he's -- put up your hand, John. Look at that guy, he's good.

Donald Trump: You have got my vote, John. Boilermakers, thank you. What a job you do, you are the heart of this country. You really are. Thank you very much. That's a great endorsement. That's a great endorsement. Joe Biden spent the last 47 years shipping Pennsylvania jobs to China and foreign nations, and I have spent the last four years bringing them back home, and we are bringing them back home, bringing a lot of things back home.

Donald Trump: I ended the last administration's eight-year pure war on Pennsylvania oil and coal and fracking and national if you look at the natural gas what they have done to the state where they were doing to this state. It was sort of easy. I just opened it up, and I said do it, and the investment put into Pennsylvania the investment put into the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania has been record-setting, but again you have the greatest year you have ever had last year prior to the virus.

Donald Trump: You are going to be set now with what we are doing. I believe that this next quarter which will be announced interestingly just prior to the election, so I'm putting myself on the line, but I know it's going to happen; the numbers are going to be graded next year is going to be one of the greatest years not only for Pennsylvania but for the entire country.

Donald Trump: So, Joe hiding, we have a new one, Joe hiding we call him Joe hiding I have all of them what you like better, what you like better? We've got a number. Let's do a little pole. Can we do a poll I save myself so much money. You know I save myself so much money we do these polls with thousands, and those people are coming in from the back, are they not?

Donald Trump: Yes? They are coming in. I am telling you you wouldn't have believed it I'm landing I wasn't waving at you I was waving at them there's more. But I do these polls, right, and it's like a perfect poll. You know did you receive the companies you give them $1 million and they do a poll like 78 people were polled you've got thousands of people.

Donald Trump: So tell me what's your feeling first of all on the name? What's -- you like MAGA, make America great again? Yes? You are the one; you are a man I made you famous today. You said the nicest things about me. Thank you. Did you see him on television today? I think you're great. I think you are great. Thank you.

Donald Trump: No, he called me a great Christian and a great Christian leader. Thank you, but he did say I wasn't perfect, but that's okay I said thank you anyway, right? No, that was really great. That was really great, but if you look at it, the things they have done we are going to go through a couple of different polls as we go along because I love the people saying do this or do that, but one of the things I got you out of this this thing sounds so good, but it's so bad, it's a rip off of our country the so-called Paris Climate Accord.

Donald Trump: It's a disaster, a death sentence. [Audience Boos] It's a death sentence for your energy jobs. I took it out. I withdrew from that calamity. Biden pledged to reinstate it. It's going to cost you billions and billions of dollars. You know what it really is? It's a way of really taking advantage of the United States, that's what it is.

Donald Trump: Last year I visited the Shell petrochemical plant in Beaver County. Anybody ever hear of Beaver County? The largest investment in your state's history all made possible by our pro-energy policies. Biden would wipe out the entire industry killing the jobs of more than 600,000 Pennsylvania workers, it's probably 940,000, they say.

Donald Trump: Think of that, also prices and everything else. You know Biden today came out and said no, no fracking is okay, it's okay. Did you see that? Fracking is okay because he was getting killed, and now he came out in favor of law enforcement. Look at all of these handsome cops here. And a beautiful cop. But how can anybody believe it?

Donald Trump: He is totally against it. At his speech and at the DNC where we got much higher numbers than they did, but you know they put out that they did. They will say anything. We got much higher by millions and millions of people. We had a great -- did we have a great convention? There's my guy. Good job, you did.

Donald Trump: But we had a great convention, and it's been really terrific. You know I made a speech in Mount Rushmore, and since that speech, our numbers have been up, up like a rocket, like a beautiful rocket. The Mount Rushmore speech, I said you know we are getting hit by this pandemic very unfairly in the sense that we've done such a good job with the ventilators all over the place.

Donald Trump: You know you've heard it 1000 times, and we have to get back, and I made a speech at really a great place, South Dakota. But it was Mount Rushmore. You know they want to blow it up, you know they want to take off Mount Rushmore. If you would see how beautiful -- if you would see how beautiful this is it was like this perfect evening, the sun was setting the faces of these great, great majestic heroes of our country, right, heroes of our country -- And they want to blow up Mount Rushmore.

Donald Trump: But how about this one? The Democrats yesterday came out with a plan. Did you see it? Now they are the DC Democrats, they want to change the name of the Washington Monument, perhaps take it down. [Audience Boos] Thomas Jefferson. Pretty good, Thomas Jefferson, right? You can forget about ever hearing the name again.

Donald Trump: Abraham Lincoln, you can forget about it. They want to take down all statues, all monuments in Washington. We have some of your greatest people right here. Let me not even talk to the congressman, the heck with the congressman, the boilermakers. How do you like that? How do you like the idea of taking down our statues to our great George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, Abraham Lincoln, Andrew Jackson, all of them?

Donald Trump: I don't think the boilermakers -- you'll ring -- you'll do a ring around Washington, right, along with Christopher Columbus he's in big trouble, I will tell you. There was one there was a group of great Italians in New York they tried to take down -- they tried to take down Christopher Columbus statue in New York.

Donald Trump: You saw what happened, right? These Italians formed a little circle, and they said come on. The agitators decided to leave, let's get out of here, darling. They protected Christopher Columbus, the Italians no, the Italians aren't big on taking down Christopher Columbus. You take down those statues, you can forget about the Italian boat, do we agree?

Donald Trump: They protected it. When asked if there would be any place for fossil fuels including coal, fracking and natural gas and so many things that really fire up these big plants where many of you work and they produced you know just millions and millions of jobs throughout our country Biden said no we would absolutely not allow anything like that.

Donald Trump: We would make sure it's totally eliminated. That is what he said. He said we would make sure it's totally eliminated or eliminated. Now he's coming and saying this isn't working too well, this isn't working. You know I made a speech a week ago in Texas. We had crowds that were unbelievable on the highways you can't get in but the highways it's like incredible.

Donald Trump: You could sell your ticket tonight for a lot of money, go to eBay even as a used ticket you could probably sell it. But you go down the highways you see it, and I was thinking in Texas I'm making a speech in front of obviously people that like oil, they like God and you know what else they like? They like their second amendment.

Donald Trump: Think about it, so whether it's Pennsylvania or Texas or Oklahoma or North Dakota any place take a look at this, right and no oil, no guns, no God. I don't think George Washington running with Abraham Lincoln as his VP, you know, pick Abraham Lincoln as VP is going to win in Texas or in Pennsylvania or any place else with those three things eliminated.

Donald Trump: That is what they want to do. They want to take away your Second Amendment. If I weren'tPresident, you would either have an obliterated second amendment or it would be gone entirely. I am standing between them and your Second Amendment, and that's it. He put Beto in charge of guns, Beto is in charge he wants to get rid of everything, Beto, that's a beauty.

Donald Trump: Remember, he said I was born for this? Anybody that says they are born for this remember Beto he was on the cover of a magazine I won't mention the magazine they are back there is a total phony magazine, but he was on the cover of a magazine and he said I was born to run forPresident. He was born for it.

Donald Trump: I was born -- anybody that gets that carried away that was when he was doing well. Since then he has cratered. Ever since he made that statement, he has looked very bad but he is -- take a look at what he says about guns and he got put in charge of guns so I guess Biden pretty soon is going to be coming out saying no, I never said that.

Donald Trump: Check out all of the statement he has made on everything, and now he's going the opposite way, but he has agreed to the manifesto entirely so maybe he will do that and then he figures later on he will go but everything he said because he has no control over what is happening. The radical-left has captured the party.

Donald Trump: They even elected a person that nobody ever heard of a senator been a wild against a young, good-looking Kennedy by 10 points in Massachusetts. Did you know Kennedy lost in Massachusetts? You know why? Because he wasn't a radical-left. He was like a semi-normal person, just slightly left. But think of it this is what has happened and this is really what has happened if you are not a radical-lefty, meaning guns, meaning fossil fuels they want wind, wind.

Donald Trump: You know to make the windmill which are made mostly in China and in Germany, by the way, to make it so much emission is let out that it's more than you can ever say it's just the craziest thing. Also I'm a big -- I am truly an environmentalist, but you have to understand when we do things, and they don't and we clean and it's very expensive to do that and they don't and we have this massive planet in China, India, Russia, Germany all of these places it's fuming up and we are doing our job beautiful.

Donald Trump: No, they have to do it also otherwise, it just doesn't work the way it's supposed to. They want to ban straws. Has anybody ever tried those papers straws? They're not working too good, right? They want to ban straws. I said well, I have had a couple of meals at McDonald's, etc. over the years, right? Wendy's, a friend of mine owns Wendy's I'll give it a plug.

Donald Trump: Right? Burger King. So they want to ban straws. I said really, what about the carton, what about the plate, what about the knives and the spoons that are plastic? They are okay, but the straws we have got to ban. Has anybody ever tried seriously -- it's made out of paper, right? It disintegrates as you are drinking if you have a nice tie like this tie this would have no chance.

Donald Trump: By the time you get finished, the straw is totally disintegrated. Does anybody walk around with a plastic straw because it's not bad you know you whip it out boom, boom. You never had to do that. But asked whether he would be willing to destroy the jobs of hundreds of thousands of blue-collar workers to push his anti-energy agenda, you know what the answer is, right?

Donald Trump: It's the Green New Deal, right? This Green New Deal, this was made by -- [Audience Boos] This was made up -- this was made up by people that don't get it either that or people that just don't like our country very much. But Biden replied yes, he will get rid of those jobs, and he famously told a voter I want you to look in my eyes when he's not wearing the mask because I've never seen a man that like the mask more.

Donald Trump: Look, I'm all for it. We have a big weekend distance on the weekend and all of that stuff and wear are your mask when you were close together in particular and wash your hands all of those things. We have Labor Day weekend coming up but did you ever see a man that likes a mask as much as him? And then he makes a speech and he always has it not always but a lot of times he has it hanging down because you know what, it gives him a feeling of security.

Donald Trump: If I were a psychiatrist -- Right? No, I would say -- I would say this guy has got some big issues. Hanging down. Congressman, give me your mask I want to have hanging from my -- I don't want to touch your damn mask. Mike, I will never touch your mask. No, but the new one is you know I went for a physical the doctor said to me, sir would you like to go over to Walter Reed?

Donald Trump: It's incredible? By the way, the job they do people that have been just really hurt our heroes and the job they do is incredible, but sir, would you like to go over and do a physical? You have some time. You know why I had time some deal it was China I decided not to see China because I didn't like the way they were doing business, okay?

Donald Trump: Does that make sense? So the doctor, White House doctor highly respected Sean, Sean Conley. Sir, would you like to go over and do your physical, do a piece of it or finish it or whatever it was but do a physical? I said I don't know, I'm not in love with the idea. Well, if you do it when you don't have to do it, so okay, let's go.

Donald Trump: Come on. So we went. We went, and we are driving. Now you have to understand that there are like you know 100 cars, you see what happens here it's like the plane times 50, so the cars are driving all over it's about a 20-minute drive, and we get to the hospital I get out I was there probably for an hour and a half, two hours, and then yesterday I read that I had strokes.

Donald Trump: CNN, fake news CNN right there. [Audience Boos] No, it's true. Mini-strokes, they call them. I don't know what a mini-stroke is, but it's not good, and there could be a day, and I will admit I said hey, it happens to all of us, right? Except these young ones, it's never going to happen to them; they are not looking at that, but you know what happens but nothing happened so I went in, I did that part of the physical, the end result was he's very healthy.

Donald Trump: They were very unhappy when they heard that result. And what you don't remember is when this took place was a long time ago they just started out because we wanted -- they want to try and get me to be in Biden's physical level. You know they view me as being somebody that's you know like all-around hey, last week this week Texas, North Carolina, Florida, South Carolina back to Washington.

Donald Trump: Let's go here, let's go there, let's go everywhere, meetings all of the time. I think I have answered more questions from these maniacs than anyPresident in history. And mean questions. You know I watched Biden yesterday. So he hasn't answered questions in what two months or something and yesterday he took a couple and they were setups like I've never seen.

Donald Trump: One young woman who I think is there one young woman is smiling. Hi, hi. Hi. Hi. I would just like to ask you I am sorry to bother you with this question; it's the most incredible. So the doctor wrote a letter saying no, this rumor is wrong, and I don't like you know rumors like that and by the way, if it were a fact it's fine, it should I think it's an important thing, but if it's not true my wife was like she came to me, she said I think I would have known that.

Donald Trump: I said yeah, I think I would have known it too because they drove back with me. You know the press follows me, they have a special deal, a van. They followed me, and then we go in, we go out, but if you remember last time I go in, I spend a little time physical like we all have hopefully you have them good thing to have, I guess as long as they give you a good answer if they give you a bad answer don't bother possibly too late.

Donald Trump: But I go in; I come out a couple of hours later I guess whatever it is a short time later, I get into the car the press sees me get into the car on my way home, I get a call from my wife the first lady who is very popular. Do we like our first lady? Very popular a great person, a great woman. She said darling, are you okay?

Donald Trump: I go, why do you ask? She said they are reporting that you had a heart attack. Now you have to understand I am driving in a car which is about what, six cars in front of the press because they have a big car there are a lot of them, and we try and give them as little room as possible make it uncomfortable but they are right behind me so they know I got in and CNN reported that I had a heart attack.

Donald Trump: That was the same visit, and that didn't work. [Audience Boos] No, it is unbelievable. CNN reported I had a heart attack, so my wife was concerned. I said no, not that I know of, and if I did, I think I would be back there. No, I'm -- I will be home in 15 minutes, darling. Thank you for caring; it's always nice.

Donald Trump: She sounded relieved, that's good. When your wife sounds relieved, but she said I wonder how that happened, why did they do that? Because they are fake news. [Audience Boos] So I go in, and that rumor lasted for a little while, like a day or two, it lasted for a little while no matter what I did you know I look I am in the same motorcade I go in and I go out they know I'm in the motorcade I actually have to report it, but I'm in the motorcade, and they said I had to cut one of them said it was a massive heart attack, think of it.

Donald Trump: Again it could happen someday, okay, and when it does, I hope things work out, but they knew I'm in the motorcade, and yet they reported it anyway because they are fake news. Now for the same visit that was the same -- you know, that was the stupidest thing from now on when I go for a physical or something go to the hospital and because this was a quick thing, the doctor he got me in a lot of trouble he's a great doctor I said no more surprise visits to the hospital where we do a little work because we have some time but so now the same visit they started yesterday because some joker from the New York Times whose a third rate reporter writes a book and he said the vicePresident was prepared to take over the reins because they thought thePresident was going to go I guess under anesthesia, do they still call it -- in the old days they called it anesthesia is essentially the same thing.

Donald Trump: I don't want to get into a situation like where Biden used record player. Remember that? [Laughter] You go home; you turn on your record player. But the anesthesia and I said, how could that be so remember this is the same visit, same visit they said heart attack all of the sudden out of this book, and he said suffered mini-strokes.

Donald Trump: Now they get a letter from the White House doctor that said it's totally false, totally false, but they still go with it. They go with it, and they know I'm in the group with them coming back, and I don't know much about a mini-stroke, but I assume Mr. Congressman, if you have a mini-stroke, you are not heading back to the White House, right?

Donald Trump: At least you will spend a couple of nights at that great hospital, right? So anyway, these are really dangerous people. They are so bad for our country. If we had an honest press, it would be so great for the USA. It would be so great. They are just a bunch of phony people, not all of them you have some very good ones, like about 10 percent.

Donald Trump: No, you have some very good ones, you have some great journalists but it's really -- they know it's phony stuff they are doing anything they can to get this sleepy guy into the White House, and I just don't think the public is going to fall for it. I don't think the public is going to fall for it. You know, in his best days 25, 30 years ago he was weak, he was weak as a senator.

Donald Trump: He was weak he was not known as being one of the smart ones, and now it's not exactly prime time, I can tell you that. I just want to announce tonight because we are joined with some very, very special warriors and Dan Meuser, Dan thank you very much great job you are doing, Dan, Congressman. He's a congressman who has really been warriors for me.

Donald Trump: Really have been. Thank you very much, Dan. Fred Keller. Fred, thank you. Great job, Fred. Great John Joyce. Great. Thank you, John. Guy Reschenthaler. Do you know him? Guy Reschenthaler. What are you doing over there? What happened, you don't get along with these guys? Oh, okay. That's good. Now I understand, that's good.

Donald Trump: Glenn Thompson. Great job. Great job. Really great. And a real good friend of mine right from the beginning right, Mike, you know we were in Pennsylvania and a friend of ours, a congressman long-term right from Kentucky no, from actually Tennessee came up to us I was getting ready to make a speech and Tennessee has very early voting.

Donald Trump: Remember what he said? This was four years ago. He said I don't know what's happening in Pennsylvania I don't know what's happening in the rest of the country but if what's going on in the rest of the country is like what's going on in Tennessee, he said they are coming from the hills, the roadsides, the rivers.

Donald Trump: He said they are coming people that never really cared to vote; they are great Americans, but they never wanted to vote for the people that they would see; he said they are miles long, they have got Trump gear, Trump pins, Trump pens, right? Tennessee. Congressman Duncan, right? Remember that, Mike? That was the first time I mean they said they've never seen anything like it.

Donald Trump: Tennessee has been incredible, by the way, but so Mike and I listened, and we said, I wonder what that's all about. But it is true people that were really political people they are coming in, and you know the deal here like the Miss Universe good old Ms. Universe, right? Like this, they came with hats, they came with pins, they are loaded with pins.

Donald Trump: One person had hundreds of pins. They never have had a pin in their life, but they love the job that we have done, and we are going to do it even better in the next four years. Another great friend of mine who is a tough cookie and a great congressman but he, unfortunately, he is a former because he's just I know he's just a special guy and really has a big beautiful heart, Lou Barletta.

Donald Trump: Lou? You look good, Lou. Why don't you run again, Lou? And a man who is stuff you know there's this guy you ever hear a guy Conor Lamb he's like a lamb? [Audience Boos] So we heard you know because he's in sort of a Trump-y area right and we heard that he's going to be for Trump, but he's going to be fighting for Trump, and you know I sort of I saw some of his commercials I thought he was a Republican, right?

Donald Trump: Except when he got to Washington, he voted with Pelosi 100 percent of the time. [Audience Boos] Crazy Nancy. He voted with Crazy Nancy, and so we thought this Conor Lamb guy he even voted to impeach yourPresident over nothing. Zero, zero. [Audience Boos] And that's very personal. When they do that, that's personal, so and I have to say congressman 196 nothing they stuck with us and so did the senator other than Romney.

Donald Trump: You can have Romney, I will tell you. [Audience Boos] Romney couldn't be all elected dog catcher in Utah right now. Although he gave me half a vote. It was 52.5-0.5 that was Romney. What a beaut [sic]. Remember he was walking with the black lives matters saying yes, I'm a member of black lives matter. Everyone saying that's nice, wonderful.

Donald Trump: He had a lot of masks, I will tell you that. But we did a great job. We had it was an amazing thing but this Conor lamb was out there fighting it and he shouldn't have done that, and we have somebody that blows them away, he is more of a hero -- He suffered, a stronger, he's smarter, he's better looking not that that matters.

Donald Trump: You know under the me too generation I don't talk about looks anymore, looks don't matter. It doesn't make any difference I don't talk about looks, me too. Me too generation, but I will tell you this man is something special he's a real hero, a real tough guy and he will never let you down, Sean Parnell.

Donald Trump: Because remember that Conor Lamb and I remember because he's like a lamb he's like a little lamb weak, got a lot of weak people we like strong people, don't we? We need strong people right now. We have somebody else in the audience who served as my Secretary of Energy, and he was incredible; he was the governor of Texas for what, 12 years, I think, Rick, right? 12? Tell me, 14? 14 years he was, and he was an incredible governor, and he was an incredible Secretary, and he has been an incredible friend.

Donald Trump: Rick Perry, everybody. There was nobody that got into the race tougher than Rick. What he said about me I will never repeat again even my own family didn't like me when he got finished and when he decided that I would be the one he got out and there's nobody that said better things about me, but you are great, Rick, and you did a fantastic job.

Donald Trump: Every place you have been, you have been great. Thank you very much. Rick Perry. Hey Rick, how are we doing in Texas? We had a poll today in Georgia. You know they say Georgia is going to be close. Well, this was a poll that hates Trump, and we are up seven. That was the same thing happened last time, right?

Donald Trump: You know they used the words in play Georgia is in play they say, Georgia is in play. But we are up seven and this is a poll that truly hates us, okay? But they did the last time didn't they say last time that Texas was in play and then it was 8 o'clock the polls closed and they only announce if you are way ahead win, so they say the polls have closed in the great state of Texas.

Donald Trump: Donald Trump has won the great state of Texas. I kept hearing it was in play. They said Utah, the home of our senator they said Utah was in play, that is Mitt Romney. Mike Lee is doing excellent. I didn't want to get them confused by the way, but they say Utah same thing remember that four years ago? We had the guy with the shaved head.

Donald Trump: What was his name, Rick? What -- what a loser that was. You know who I'm talking about. That's right, McMuffin I think something. [Laughter] And he was going to win Utah, and I wanted by many, many, many points. It was called immediately, so these are people that are just not good. In fact, Hillary even beat this guy. [Laughter] Hillary.

Donald Trump: Hillary came in second in Utah. In less than four years, we have achieved more than anyone thought possible. We passed massive tax cuts for hard-working families, and we eliminated more regulations than any administration in the history of our country. I saved the U.S. auto industry by withdrawing from the last administration's job-killing catastrophe known as the transpacific partnership.

Donald Trump: It would have been a catastrophe not only for autos, by the way for everything else, too. To protect our workers, I imposed stiff tariffs on foreign aluminum and foreign steel that kept you guys very busy. They were dumping all over the place. Is that right? They were dumping? And it was bad steel, too. It was dirt steel.

Donald Trump: This week my administration reached a breakthrough agreement to stop additional steel imports from Brazil and from Mexico for the rest of the year despite the U.S. MCA sometimes they get a little carried away, and we have to do a little tariff action on them and we stopped that. We are reversing decades of the Biden betrayals that decimated Pennsylvania jobs.

Donald Trump: You know that. This state lost listen to this one in three manufacturing jobs after the twin disasters of NAFTA and China's entrance into the World Trade Organization. One of the worst things that happened when China came in you know they were flatlined for many years, and then they came into this crazy deal.

Donald Trump: They are considered a developing nation. You see I have been sort of protesting that like but they are considering China -- as a developing nation you get all sorts of things that you would never get, advantages over the United States, but we have very strongly protested that. They are not a developing nation; they are a very powerful developed n ation, and you know what, they have got to pay what everyone else has to pay.

Donald Trump: Earlier this year, I kept my promise to the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania when we ended the NAFTA nightmare and signed the brand-new U.S.-Mexico-Canada agreement into law, which is in effect now and really doing well. Everyone said it will never happen, but I had great help from these gentlemen right here.

Donald Trump: I took the toughest-ever action to stand up to China's pillaging from during and rampant theft of Pennsylvania and many other places jobs. That is all throughout the world, by the way but our states have been just pillaged by China and others. Joe Biden's agenda is made in China. My agenda is made in America. [Audience chants "USA"] After years and years of rebuilding other countries, we are finally rebuilding our country.

Donald Trump: It's called "America first." America first. It's enough, and we are bringing our soldiers back home, you see what is going on. After 19 years in Afghanistan, far away places. To bring hope to our inner cities I created opportunity zones. Tim Scott, great senator from South Carolina, worked on it with me.

Donald Trump: Passed criminal justice reform, delivered permanent funding for historically black colleges and universities that Obama would never do, and before the China virus we achieve the lowest African American, Hispanic American, Asian American unemployment rates ever recorded by far. And they are now heading back in that direction quickly.

Donald Trump: We are coming. Democrat politicians have failed the black community for decades. They failed the Asian community, the Hispanic community they failed women. The numbers on women's unemployment were the best in 61 years. Biden spent the last 47 years betraying the American people. He was always for things that you wouldn't want, and now he is changing no, I never said.

Donald Trump: I never said that. I have spent the last four years keeping my promises and delivering for the African American community and for all communities, and the best is yet to come. Perhaps in no area have our opponents more thoroughly betrayed working families of all backgrounds than on the subject of immigration.

Donald Trump: You know we have been fighting for that. Under my administration, we achieved the most secure border in American history. We ended catch and release, stopped asylum fraud, and we have deported 20,000 gang members, and we get them out and we get them out fast. Thank you ICE. ICE and Border Patrol, ICE and Border Patrol.

Donald Trump: They don't like ICE because ICE is they are tough. You have got to be tough in that job by the way, anybody up here like to work at ICE I don't think so. You could probably be okay, but you would rather do what you are doing, right? I agree with you. These are tough guys; they have to be tough. These are bad, bad gang members.

Donald Trump: I mean you look at MS-13, you look at what has happened with MS-13, you look at we get them the hell out. Sometimes we have to put them in prison because we don't even want to take a chance they can come back in after what they have done. We have built 300 miles of border wall, and we are adding 10 new miles every single -- every week.

Donald Trump: And the wall will be finished very soon, and by the way, they keep saying but Mexico will be paying for the wall and I say it respectfully to Mexico, but they will be paying for the wall. They understand that they just don't want to write it, and that's okay because Mexico is treated very well. ThePresident of Mexico right now they have 27,000 Mexican soldiers on our border guarding us from people coming in illegally to our country.

Donald Trump: We invested $2.5 trillion in the United States military and launched the first new branch of the United States Armed Forces in nearly 75 years since the Air Force, and that is called the Space Force. Right, John? Pretty good. Going to send Mike into space. Do you want to go into space? Our great congressman, but think of that, you know we created a new branch of the United States that alone if you had that alone but then you at judges, all of the other things we passed VA Choice and VA Accountability and so now instead of waiting for a week, two weeks, five weeks, nine weeks to see a doctor you don't have a doctor you go right out, and you get a private doctor we pay the bill and our great veterans get better quickly.

Donald Trump: And accountability keep people accountable for the way they treat our veterans, and if they don't treat them well, we say sorry, you are fired, get out. No, we couldn't fire anybody we had sadists, we had thieves, we had some very bad people at the VA, and they are all gone. Thank you. I love you too. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Such friendly voices beautiful. Only in Pennsylvania, right? I withdrew from the last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear deal. Think of this, Obama paid $150 million for short-term deal, he gave $1.8 billion in cash ever see $1 million like in a casino floor or something you know in $100 bills it's a lot it's like the size of this, right?

Donald Trump: Now think $1.8 billion. How did you guys allow that to happen? They said we all voted against it. I kept my promise recognized the true capital of Israel. You never know nowadays, and I opened the U.S. Embassy in Jerusalem. I recognized Israeli's sovereignty over the Golan Heights. They have been trying to get that done for 52 years.

Donald Trump: I got it done immediately, and by the way, as far as the capital of Israel, Jerusalem they have been talking about many, manyPresidents. They all promised it. Nobody did it I did it we get things done. And we just did something that is incredible even the New York Times gave it good reviews I cannot -- good reviews, beyond good reviews.

Donald Trump: Tom Friedman gave it phenomenal reviews do you believe that, and that is, we achieved the first breakthrough in Middle East peace in decades. A deal with Israel and the UAE. The deal with Israel and the UAE, and that is going to lead and I will tell you we have representatives over right now, and other people are saying wait, we want to get in that deal, you'll have peace in the Middle East, but we want to get the hell out let's get them all back, let's get them all back.

Donald Trump: Let's get them all back, don't forget we are energy independent. There used to be a reason now we do have a reason it's called Israel but and we have some very good partnerships over there in all fairness, we have some countries that have treated us very well, and we are going to take care of those countries, but we are energy independent for the first time, and that is a very good feeling.

Donald Trump: And our military has never been stronger than it is now. It's new, and it's beautiful. And I told you we took over 100 percent of the ISIS caliphate in Iraq and Syria, and we killed the founder and leader of ISIS al-Baghdadi. And separately, we killed the world's number one terrorist number one terrorist for decades and decades, Qassem Soleimani.

Donald Trump: We killed Soleimani. A big step for the Middle East, we kept America out of wars. Remember that was said this Trump he's radical, he's really I mean he's -- he's too radical he will get us in wars. I kept you out of wars. What happened with North Korea? Look, I get along with Kim Jong-un. They said that's terrible he gets along -- no, it's good if I get along.

Donald Trump: If I get along with Russia, is that a good thing or a bad thing? I think it's a good thing.. These maniacs there was talk about Russia they never talk about China. You know it's very interesting, it is always Russia. I heard it is starting again. They said somebody spoke to Russia two years ago Russia, Russia, Russia.

Donald Trump: This total maniac Shifty Schiff he's a total maniac, so no -- [Audience Boos] Did you ever notice I can even listen anymore when I hear Russia I just turn it off. It's crazy. But you know, getting along with countries is actually a good thing. Can we explain that? It's a good thing, not a bad thing. It's a very good thing.

Donald Trump: It's a very good thing. Remember I was the one that was going to be leading you into war, in the first week, he'll be in war, he's a radical kind of a personality. I'm really not, I like to have peace, but if we ever do get into war, we will knock the hell out of them, whoever it may be. These guys only fight to tie, they don't fight to win, we fight to win.

Donald Trump: But you look at what's happening where they're all coming back home. I even reduced in Germany because Germany, they're an ally, but you know, they took advantage of us very badly on trade and very badly with our military. So we removed a lot of soldiers out of Germany. They're not happy, they said this is going to hurt our economy.

Donald Trump: Well, it's good for our economy, okay? They thought it was going to hurt the German economy. Well, they don't treat us right, they don't pay their bills, they're delinquent. You know what delinquent is? They're delinquent. They don't pay their bills. We protect them; they don't pay their bills. We got to do something, and they treat us horribly on trade through the European Union, which basically they run.

Donald Trump: Together we've been rapidly fixing a half a century of disasters and Biden was there for every one of them. Joe Biden supported NAFTA, China's entry into the World Trade. He supported the Korean deal, the Korean deal was so bad, it was so bad. This was a deal that was going to produce to South Korea done by crooked Hillary Clinton, this was a deal that was going to produce 250,000 jobs.

Donald Trump: She said this will be 250,000, and she was right, for South Korea. It produced 250,000 jobs. For us, we got nothing. We got losses, we got nothing. It was a terrible deal, I renegotiated, now it's a good deal. They also gave and want to give mass amnesty for illegal aliens. Biden supported cutting Social Security.

Donald Trump: He voted for the Iraq War, he opposed the mission to take out Osama bin Laden. He opposed the killing of Soleimani; when I did that, he said that's a terrible thing. That's a terrible thing. Everybody in the Middle East, they couldn't believe it. They celebrated, some of them quite quietly, I must add. He oversaw the rise of ISIS, and he cheered the rise of China as a positive development for America and the entire world.

Donald Trump: Remember that? Now he's trying to say, well I can be tough on China too. No he can't. China owns him. China owns sleepy Joe. He's not going to be tough on China and he said all these wonderful things and then all of a sudden his poll numbers started going down. How about law enforcement? He's like so bad.

Donald Trump: In his entire convention, they didn't even mention, and by the way, something else they did that I think is terrible, really terrible. The words "under God," right? Right? Right? Called the Pledge of Allegiance. "Under God," he left those two words out twice at their caucus, which is part of their convention.

Donald Trump: But that's where they're coming from. He's trying this, oh well we didn't do this, and then we gave it to him and he sort of shut up but then two days later he's saying it didn't happen. They lie, and these mail-in ballots? These mail-in ballots are a disgrace, and they know it. Sign your mail-in ballot.

Donald Trump: You sign it and send it in, and then you have to follow it and if on Election Day or early voting, that is not tabulated and counted, you go vote, and then if for some reason after that, it shouldn't take that long, it comes in, they're not going to be able to tabulate it because you will have voted. But you have to make sure your vote counts because the only way they're going to beat us is by doing that kind of stuff.

Donald Trump: I'm trying to be nice. I'm trying to be nice. They want to send out, congressmen, 80 million ballots. Now there have been many races over the last year where they've done this, and they've been a disaster. You look at New York; they had a congressional race, not a very good congresswoman, very untalented, I know her well, I lived in New York.

Donald Trump: She's not got much going. They have no idea what the vote is, I think 20 percent of the ballots were missing, and then they declared her the winner and the other guy is saying what about me? He's not too happy, her opponent. You look at what happened in Paterson, New Jersey; you look at what happened in Virginia, you look at what happened -- there's not a race, and these are small, these are easy to control.

Donald Trump: Now they want to send out 80 million unsolicited, I like it much better, they used to say universal, they used to say live ballots, I like the word unsolicited, and solicited. Solicited is okay because that's when you're asking and you want it and you send in the necessary paperwork and documentation, and you get the ballot and you fill it out, that's okay.

Donald Trump: But you can't, this whole thing with the unsolicited, unsolicited means you're sitting there. We have a big enthusiasm edge, but when they throw these things in your face and the lists are inaccurate, and people are dead and dogs have gotten ballots, they have. Dogs have gotten ballots, and they know I'm right, and everybody knows I'm right and they say I'm right behind the closed doors, and it's a disgrace, what they do to our country. 80 million unsolicited ballots.

Donald Trump: People that had no idea. People that weren't going to vote in all fairness. It's really unfair because our people have enthusiasm, they're going out to vote. They're all going out to vot e. Everybody here going to vote? Everybody? But they have no enthusiasm. So I said so that's unfair. That guy walks, and then they'll have somebody knock on the door say listen, would like your ballot.

Donald Trump: I don't want to vote. I don't care about Biden. I'm a Democrat. I don't care about this guy. Well look, where is it?" Here take it, blah blah blah. They even have a provision where you don't have to verify signatures. What is going on? And they have another provision in some states where you can harvest, that's where you grab them all together and drop them.

Donald Trump: In Nevada, they actually have a provision where they don't have to be counted until seven days after the election. So that means if we have a close election, could be close; I hope it's not, I hope we have a landslide like you've never seen. But if we have a close election that means Nevada has the right to, and I love Nevada, I think we're going to win Nevada, except where they're sending all these hundreds of thousands, millions of unsolicited ballots to people in Nevada and people that probably left a long time ago.

Donald Trump: It's very unfair, it's very unfair, but think of it. They have seven days after the election. Did you know that, Mike? Seven days, what does that mean? I want to see the results of the election on November 3. By the way, if it's anything like these other events, it could go on forever. I mean the congressional race which they just gave up and they declared her a winner which they should not have done, they should make that a do-over and I think in Paterson they have a do-over.

Donald Trump: I think they're going to do it over because it was just ripe with fraud, theft. People were selling ballots, and people were selling ballots, and you know they talk about Russia. They're so worried about Russia. What about sending out 80 million ballots? That's your real problem, and if Russia or China or these other countries want to cheat, all they have to do is forge ballots.

Donald Trump: It's much easier than the way they have to go about it, right? So we have to put pressure on these people. Now the good news is we have a lot of court cases we have one in Pennsylvania, you know that, right? We have two judges; we have a state judge, we have a federal judge. I think both highly qualified judges from what I understand, I hear that they're not too happy about what they're seeing.

Donald Trump: So we'll see what happens. We're going to see what happens. The lawyers feel very confident, but we have to win those cases but what you have to do is send in your early ballot and then go and make sure that ballot is tabulated or counted, and if it's not counted, vote, and then they have the job, if it comes in late, and if it's not too late, they have the job of making sure that they don't count it.

Donald Trump: But follow that ballot because these people, they'll be lost, they'll be gone, the numbers are incredible where they're 25 and 30 percent off, 20 percent off. Follow your ballot. When I banned travel from China, Biden called it hysterical and xenophobic. If we had listened to sleepy Joe, hundreds of thousands of more Americans would have died.

Donald Trump: You know that. You know he always gets up today, COVID-19, COVID-19. I said Joe, look. We got a country, and I agree with that, and we've done a hell of a job. We've done a hell of a job. If you look at some of our numbers. You got to start talking about the economy and you got to start talking, your place, I mean this is -- when you look at Pennsylvania, you're in a shutdown.

Donald Trump: You have a governor that has you shut down. [Audience Boos] That's right. I didn't even think -- I didn't even think about it. You have a governor that has you shut down. That's right and almost all states are open and frankly their numbers are very good. You at Florida is down, way down. Arizona which had a spike, way down.

Donald Trump: California, Texas is going way down. They are all way down. You haven't even opened up -- you haven't even opened up the great commonwealth. You have the same thing in North Carolina and you have the same thing in Michigan, what she's doing to Michigan is sad. And you know you have death with a shutdown.

Donald Trump: You have depression, you have drugs and alcohol, you have sickness. You have loss of jobs and people -- you have suicides, don't even think about it, but you have suicides. You have a tremendous -- actually, at this stage we did the right thing. We closed the country down, we studied it, we learned about it, we know the susceptible are old people, senior citizens, nursing homes.

Donald Trump: People that are old, especially if they have heart problems or if they have diabetes. We know that, we learned it, and we opened it up. But the problem these shutdowns are causing much bigger problems. You remember my original statement, right? The cure can't be greater. It was an original statement that a lot of people picked up, but it's so true.

Donald Trump: You have to open up this commonwealth, it has to be opened up. It has to be opened up now. But there's what I think they're doing, because you have the same thing in New York. We have a governor in New York who is 36,000 people died, 11,000 people in a nursing home because he made a mistake. He made a horrible mistake, and I built him a convention center with 2,800 beds, and they didn't use it, and I sent up a ship, a great hospital ship, a massive hospital with hundreds and hundreds of rooms and they didn't use it, and he requested it and then I said, you're not using it.

Donald Trump: Why aren't you using it? He could have put those people in the convention center in the hospital ship. What a shame. But you look at New York; the restaurants are all closed. It's so sad for me. I love New York. I grew up in New York, I love New York, I did well in New York, and it's so sad when I look at what's happening with New York.

Donald Trump: It's all politics. If you kill somebody, they don't prosecute you, but they go after political enemies. What's happening in New York is a terrible thing, and the place is dead. No restaurants -- how long can you do this for? Restaurant, poor guys. You can't, how long can you do this for? The people are going to lose their jobs.

Donald Trump: They're never going to open again. It's not like the restaurants is the greatest business in the world. It's a hard business. New York is closed. You're closed. North Carolina's closed. Michigan's -- all Democrats. Let me tell you, what's going to happen on November 4th. They're going to announce their opening.

Donald Trump: They're doing this for political reasons. They are. Right, John? They're doing it for political reasons because they want our numbers to look as bad as possible, going into November 3rd, election day. Then as soon as the election's over with, win, lose or draw for them, they're going to open it. They got nothing.

Donald Trump: You know what? It's a shame what they're doing. For political reasons, they'll be open. You'll be open on November 4th, but you know what? From your standpoint, it's very close to the election. It's very far if you have a restaurant, and you can't open your restaurant. You can't open your store. It's a disgrace, and they ought to get together.

Donald Trump: They ought to do it. These are Democrat governors in all instances and Democrat mayors. When the China virus arrived, we launched the largest national mobilization since World War II. Thanks to the life- saving therapies that we pioneered, the mortality rate has been reduced by 85 percent since April. Think of that.

Donald Trump: And we've achieved among the lowest case fatality rates of any major country, anywhere in the world. You never hear that from the fake news. They don't want to talk to you about it. This is a big country. This is a tougher country to do that with. The European Union's case fatality rate is nearly three times higher than ours.

Donald Trump: If you look now, Spain is having a big blow up. France is having a big blow up. No, we've done a great job; we haven't been given credit for it. He always starts off, COVID-19. That's all he knows. COVID-19. I said what about the economy? What about jobs? What about all the other things we have to do? All he does, he thinks it's a weak spot, and actually in theory, if we're getting a fair shake from those people back there, it's actually what the job we've done is actually a strong spot.

Donald Trump: And that includes you people, with the ventilators that nobody had. Nobody that needed a ventilator, didn't get a ventilator. Now we're supplying them all over the world. Altogether, the nations of Europe have experienced a 30 percent greater increase in excess mortality than the United States. Think of that.

Donald Trump: You don't hear these numbers. Cases in the U.S. have declined by 28 percent nationwide over the last month, and hospitalizations and deaths have declined radically over the last week. Three vaccines are in final stage of clinical trials. Would have taken two years for anotherPresident. I was going to say a normalPresident, but they'll hit me with [Inaudible] a little truth to that too.

Donald Trump: No, but for anotherPresident, especially, in the last administration, they had the H1N1 pandemic. It was called "Swine flu." You know, Joe always calls it the N1H1. He gets it mixed up. No, it's the H1N1, Joe. Not that it matters, I guess. No. Do you ever notice, he's always calling it the other. He calls it the opposite.

Donald Trump: He has no clue where he is, but he keeps saying, oh, if he was --. Well he didn't want the ban China, and we saved hundreds of thousands of lives by banning China. I was the only one that wanted to do it, actually. Then we banned Europe because I saw what was happening in Italy and Spain and France. We banned Europe.

Donald Trump: We saved hundreds of thousands. If I didn't do the closing and the opening, so we're at 175,000, far too -- look, one is too much because this was given to us by China, and it's a disgrace. It's a disgrace. They could have stopped it. They stopped it from going into China, but not going to the rest of the world, including our country.

Donald Trump: It's a disgrace. But think of it. Joe Biden got the worst marks you've ever seen for his handling of the H1NI Swine Flu. They said it was incompetent, and the head guy, who now he's trying to retract. It's a little tough. That's one great thing about the tape. He said it was horrible. He said, we did a horrible job.

Donald Trump: He said they got lucky. It's not contagious like this. We got -- this is a tough one. I can look at that guy, and he'll catch it. Right there, and he's very far away from me. It's a tough one, because it's so contagious. But the Swine Flu is a different thing, but also, nothing's easy about that, pandemics or epidemics and his marks -- take a look at the job they did.

Donald Trump: It was so bad that their top person criticized it, and they went after him. They said don't ever say that again, but it's a little late. He said it was one of the worst jobs, and we actually had a Gallup poll where we got very high marks for the job we did. They had a poll where it was so low, it wasn't recordable.

Donald Trump: Then he's coming along and telling us how to solve this very difficult problem. We've done a great job, and I don't want the credit, but I want the people, Mike Pence -- I tell you what, our vicePresident, Mike Pence, and the task force, headed up by Mike and working along with a lot of great people, they've done a fantastic job and they just get no credit.

Donald Trump: If I was a Democrat, a differentPresident, and they did the same job, they'd say it was one of the greatest jobs they've ever seen. But take a look at what they say about the way they handled the Swine flu. It was a disaster. It was incompetent. They called themselves incompetent. They called, and now they're coming in like, well, we would have done this and Biden by the way, was against, you remember, xenophobic, racist, because I closed down China.

Donald Trump: And then two months later, two and a half, three, and Nancy Pelosi was having dances in Chinatown, right? A month later. No, no problem. I was way ahead. Then Biden comes out, and he actually said that I was right, but they said don't say that, try doing it a little softer than that. So he did it a little bit softer, but we were right.

Donald Trump: They were wrong. They handled it so badly. Just take a look, because we, I said to my people we've got to fight this a little bit differently because we're getting a lot of fake news, a lot of bad people saying things, And you look at the stats, and you look at how we've done compared to really much easier and much smaller countries, it's amazing.

Donald Trump: And if you took New York out of it, which was a disaster by Cuomo, if you took New York out of those numbers, we would have numbers that would be even better than they are. I could read numbers that would be even much better, because a big percentage of the people that died in this country died because New York was incompetently run by Mayor de Blasio and Governor Cuomo.

Donald Trump: By the way, just today, there's another credible thing happening. Pfizer, great company, announced that it expects to have the results of its vaccine trials in a matter of weeks, very shortly. Incredible. Under Operation Warp Speed, we remain on track to produce a safe and effective vaccine, in that record time that we talked about.

Donald Trump: This would have been years later. It'll be delivered before, in my opinion, before the end of the year, but it really might even be delivered before the end of October. How do you like that? Wouldn't that be nice? That would be nice. You know why? Not because of the election. It'll be nice because we want to save people.

Donald Trump: That's why it'll be nice. That's the important thing. Together, we will defeat the virus. The job we're doing is, the job that all of the people working on it, our generals, our admirals, the distribution, we bought billions and billions of dollars of things, and now we make gowns, and we make masks, and we make shields and we make ventilators.

Donald Trump: Very tough. The ventilator's very complicated, very big, very expensive. It's like, I made the statement, it's like building a car, but more sophisticated. They said no, it's not. They said, they took a ventilator. They took it apart. These people are the worst, the worst. Over the next four years, we'll make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world, and we will end our reliance on China once and for all.

Donald Trump: That's what we'll do. Let me just tell you something. If they didn't waste a year and a half of my life on a ridiculous impeachment, based on a phone call that was perfect, this stuff would have all been done. Would have all been done, truly. It would have all been done. Yet, with all of this stuff, the fake Russia witch hunt, the fake Ukraine.

Donald Trump: How about that? Did anybody read the transcript of that call? It was a perfect call. Hey, congratulations. Good luck. It was like a perfect call. Now they'll take it back and they'll say well, I don't know. This was a per -- in history, there's never been anything like this. It was a totally lopsided, 100 percent political witch hunt, and it goes on and on.

Donald Trump: These are bad people. I really believe they don't love our country. I watched Nancy Pelosi. You must wear your mask. You have to wear your mask, and we're going to keep every beauty salon closed in California and all over the country. Then I see a picture. I say Nancy Pelosi. Well, where's the mask? I'll tell you what.

Donald Trump: She must have treated that beauty salon owner pretty badly. She uses the salon, and the salon turned her in? The salon turned her in. I don't think I would have turned her in. I would've said, well, you know, she's a customer. I got to take care of my customers, right? But she made them open, and the salon turned her in, and the salon did business with her.

Donald Trump: How much do they hate Nancy Pelosi? Then she made a terrible mistake because you want people that can't be set up. She said I was set up. I was set up by the salon owner. I was set up. I said tell me she didn't say that, please. So I just put out, that if she was set up, then she shouldn't be leading the House of Representatives.

Donald Trump: I want the salon owner to lead the House of Representatives, because she set up -- think of it. She set up the Speaker of the House. That was a big mistake. As soon as I heard, she said, well, she set me up. Nancy, you're not supposed to get set up. You're representing our country. You know what she should have done honestly?

Donald Trump: She should have said I made a mistake, sorry, and nobody would be talking about, this is like the biggest story. This is the big, crazy Nancy, highly overrated person. Let me just say she is a highly overrated person. They give her such good play. She is a highly overrated person. Look, they just turned off a camera because they don't want me saying that. [Audience Boos] Just in closing, we will rapidly return to full employment, soaring wages, and record prosperity.

Donald Trump: We will hire more police, increase penalties for assault on law enforcement. Surge federal prosecutors into high-crime communities and ban sanctuary cities. We will appoint prosecutors, judges, and justices who believe in enforcing the law, not their own political agenda. We will uphold religious liberty, free speech, and the right to keep and bear arms.

Donald Trump: We will strike down terrorists who threaten our citizens. We will not let them threaten our citizens, and we will keep America out of endless foreign wars. We will end surprise medical billing. We don't want surprise medical billing. You know what happens? It's terrible, but we have ended it. Also, we've signed something that's incredible.

Donald Trump: You're going to see. Some people say it's bigger than healthcare, and I signed it. Unfortunately, it takes place on January 1st. You better elect me. You better elect me. It's called price transparency. [Audience chants "Four more years."] I said to my people at the end of the day, what is price transparency?

Donald Trump: This is going to lower your prices by 50 percent. You'll be able to negotiate. You'll be able to do things you're not even allowed to do now, with hospitals, with doctors. You get better doctors, you get lower prices. I said when does it start? It's a complicated -- oh, did I get, I was fought. You have no idea.

Donald Trump: Right fellows? You have fought too. But they fought me on this price transparency. It's bigger than healthcare, could be bigger than healthcare. But I said when does it start? They said sir, we have it all set. When? January 1. I said, I'd better win this election, because you're going to see some unbelievable price reductions.

Donald Trump: That includes on drugs, because we're reducing health insurance premiums massively, and the cost of prescription drugs went down the first time in 51 years, last year. But now it's going to go down very big, because we did a favorite nation's clause. I see the drug companies are, they're killing me with ads.

Donald Trump: They have nothing but cash. They have nothing but money. They're spending because they can't believe -- you know, Germany and other countries pay much less than we do. We want to have, what we have to have, is we have to have a comparison of prices. That's what it is called, favored nation clause. I instituted a favor -- so we're paying $2.50 for a pill, and some nation is paying 10 cents for the same exact pill from the same factory, right?

Donald Trump: We get the 10-cent price. So, what's going to happen that'll go up. Ours will come way down. They can't believe it. The drug companies can't believe, and I will tell you, Mark Meadows is here, our chief of staff. Where's Mark? They want to negotiate. They called. We signed it. It's all done. They want to negotiate, and they are negotiating, so let's see what happens, but we're going to get you cuts on prescription drugs, the likes of which you've never seen.

Donald Trump: We'll protect Medicare and Social Security. They will not be able to protect it. It will always protect patients with preexisting conditions, always. America will land the first woman on the moon, and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars. When I took over, NASA was dead.

Donald Trump: Now it's the most vibrant space center in the world, by far. We will restore patriotic education to our schools, and we'll teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag. And we will live by the timeless words of our national motto, In God, We Trust.

Donald Trump: For years, you had aPresident who apologized for America. Now you have aPresident who is standing up for America and standing up for the great people of Pennsylvania. From Pittsburgh to Harrisburg, from Erie to Easton, and from Bethlehem to right here in Arnold Palmer's beloved Latrobe. I love Arnold Palmer.

Donald Trump: Arnold, where are you? We love Arnold. There was only one Arnold. We stand on the shoulders of Pennsylvania patriots who gave their blood, sweat, and tears for this beloved nation. Pennsylvania is the state where our founding fathers declared American independence, right? Declared American independence. Add the word "commonwealth" in there.

Donald Trump: This way, they won't [Inaudible] us. It's where the Army weathered its brutal winter at Valley Forge, and where General George Washington, who, by the way, they want all of the name Washington removed from everything. [Audience Boos] I haven't been keeping up with it. What did he do? George Washington, they want the name off.

Donald Trump: Congressman, are we okay, Sean? I don't think you liked that idea too much. George Washington. They want his name off everything, but we'll keep it. I promise you this. As long as you cancel culture, you better have a strongPresident. Cancel culture. George Washington, can you believe it? But he led his men on a daring mission across the Delaware.

Donald Trump: This is the commonwealth where our Union was saved by the heroes of Gettysburg and where generations of tough, strong Pennsylvania workers, mined the coal, worked the railroads, forged the steel that made America into the greatest and most powerful nation in the history of world. That's in the history of the world, and we are making it greater than it's ever been before.

Donald Trump: That's what's going to happen. Proud citizens like you helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country from these very, very deranged people. We are returning power to you, the American people. With your help and your devotion and your drive, we are going to keep on working. We are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning.

Donald Trump: We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. America will soon be thriving like never before. Next year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our country, and together we will work very hard. The people of Pennsylvania, the great, great people of Pennsylvania, where I went to college.

Donald Trump: It's a place I know very well. But, we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you. Thank you, Pennsylvania.