Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-campaign-rally-gastonia-north-carolina-october-21-2020

Donald Trump: Wow! Whoa! Whoa! Wow! This is a big crowd. This is one hell of a big crowd. [Audience chanting "USA"] Well, I want to thank everybody. Thank you, Gastonia. Gastonia. Thank you to, Gastonia. Beautiful name. 13 days, can you believe it? 13 days. Thirteen days from now and you see what's going on, you see a boom, boom, boom, oh, they're getting a little nervous over there.

Donald Trump: You know the deep state, the Democrats, all of these people that we've been dealing with, they get a little bit nervous, aren't they huh? We're going to win this state, 13 days. This great, great state. And we're going to win four more years in the White House. With your vote, we will continue to cut taxes, cut regulations, lower drug prices like never before, support our great police and law enforcement, protect your incredible Second Amendment, defend our borders, maintain energy independence, and ensure more products are proudly stamped with the phrase: Made in the USA. [Audience chanting "USA"] And it's happening now, we will deliver record prosperity.

Donald Trump: Epic job growth, a very safe vaccine that's coming very quickly. That pandemic is rounding the corner. They hate it when I say it. You know, you turn on to this immense DNC and fake news, CNN. All you hear is COVID, COVID, COVID, COVID, COVID, COVID, COVID, COVID, COVID, COVID, COVID. That's all they put on because they want to scare the hell out of everyone.

Donald Trump: And you know the more testing you have the more cases. They say cases are up. Yeah, testing is up. We have more testing than India, China, and almost every other country put together. You could say it's ridiculous. At the same time, we did a good job, but it shows a lot of cases. And yes, thank you, it's a great job.

Donald Trump: We did do a great job. Normal life will fully resume and next year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our country, that's why we're at it. This election is a choice between a Trump super recovery or a Biden steep depression, and that's what you're going to have. It's between a Trump boom or a Biden lockdown, he wants to lock you down, you know.

Donald Trump: By the way, by the way, I love this state, you got to get your governor to open up your state here. Open up your state, governor, it's time, you've been long enough. Watch, November 4th, North Carolina, we're opening up, November 4th. You know they're only doing this for political reasons. Many, many states, big, big, powerful states.

Donald Trump: They're open, they're doing great, but your governor doesn't want to -- and you look at Michigan now. Michigan, we won in the Supreme Court. She had no constitutional right to do what she did. The only one that had freedom in Michigan was her husband. He had plenty of freedom. He went swimming and he went boating whenever he wanted.

Donald Trump: Biden will delay therapies, postpone the vaccine, prolong the pandemic, close your schools, and shut down our country. And that's what he'll do. He will massively raise your taxes. He won't even know he's doing it by the way, but let's go into it. He has no clue but that's all right. Bury you in regulations, dismantle your police departments, dissolve our borders, confiscate your guns that would be happening very quickly, eliminate private health care, 180 million people, private health care, they love it. They want to eliminate it. They want to go to socialized medicine.

Donald Trump: You two can go to a hospital ward and see how your cold is coming along. Wait for four or five days before you get in. Terminate religious liberty, destroyed the suburbs, and slash defense spending, devastating North Carolina's incredible military families. By the way, we've invested more in the military in the last three years than at any time in our nation's history, all made in the USA. Joe Biden has made a corrupt bargain in exchange for his party's nomination, which he should have never gotten.

Donald Trump: If Pocahontas got out two days early instead of -- What she did to Crazy Bernie was unbelievable because they split up the crazy vote and that vote doesn't like Kim very -- I don't know, you know, he's not doing so well. You know, people like aren't showing up. I shouldn't say this is too early, right? Oh, there they are.

Donald Trump: 61 from North Carolina, some of the great women of the world, 61 times -- Oh, Oh, look at you and you have your husbands with you tonight. Look at you look at you. Good, good. Now I asked him last time, how many times have you gone? Sixty-one. Thank you. Thank you. [Audience chanting "We love you"] I love you too.

Donald Trump: [Audience chanting "We love you"] I said don't explain. Thank you. That's so nice. I said the other night, you could make me cry and you know one of these fake anchors said Donald Trump started crying during the speech. I can't have that. That's a bad thing. In fact, it would probably good. Maybe it would be good if I did.

Donald Trump: You know some people say, Hey, why did you do that every once in a while? It wouldn't be so bad. Now the other thing they said fake, fake people, I joke when I say women of the suburbs, please, please love me. I've done some good. No, I've done so good, I've done so good to you. Please. Just like this. You're only kidding.

Donald Trump: I mean I'm being sec -- Please, but I mean it. Because I'm saving you suburbs, I'm going to stop low-income housing. I'm going to stop projects, we're going to stop crime from going into the suburbs. So I made it, but I said -- I said jokingly, the last time out. Last time out, I said, women of this average, please please love me. I've done such a good job.

Donald Trump: Please. No. And in 60 Minutes. Take 60 Minutes, she said, you are begging for women to love you. You said women, please love you. You'll see, you'll see. Where did you see? We have a little surprise for 60 minutes. No, it's true. No, it's true. I won't name the anchor, you know the anchor, huh? So no, she said.

Donald Trump: Well, you were begging for women to love you, I said no, no, that was sarcastic. That was -- remember I said Russia, Russia, Russia, if you're listening, please give us whatever was Hillary's e-mails or whatever. And then everybody laughed and I left but they kept me off just before the end and they said he was asking Russia for help.

Donald Trump: These people are sick. Shifty Schiff and all that group, they are sick. [Audience Booing] So you see from now on when I say women of the suburbs, please love me. I'm gonna have to say, I'm only kidding. I'm only kidding, because otherwise -- but they'll take that out too. Sleepy Joe Biden has handed control of his party over to socialist-communist Marxists, and left-wing extremists and they're filled with hatred, venom, and rage.

Donald Trump: The first thing Washington Democrats will do if Sleepy Joe is elected, is got to sleep. I guess, you know I had a leader that called me a really dynamic leader, called me up about two weeks ago. I said, I don't want to deal with him. He's always gonna be sleeping. Can you imagine that? If the word gets around, but the first thing Washington Democrats will do if Biden gets elected is pack the Supreme Court with radical-left judges -- [Audience booing] -- who will eliminate your second amendment and many other things.

Donald Trump: Life. Life. Look at the things they have to rule on, they will pack it. Somebody said, 16, I said, why not 18? Why not 20? Why not 22? And he's got to also tell us who the judges are. He won't tell, he won't talk because if he does, he's gonna totally lose the radical left. So he won't say. He's in his basement.

Donald Trump: You're right about that. No, I go through these interviews, every question's a total kill, right, every question they're going for the kill. And this guy walks out holding ice cream and the press is out there, the fake news, and they say, what kind of ice cream are you eating? Chocolate, I think vanilla too.

Donald Trump: I say, why did they ever ask me those questions, right? They don't ask me those questions. If Biden wins, the flag-burning demonstrators on the street will be running your federal government. [Audience booing] Don't worry it's not going to happen. It can't happen. You know, my statement, our country will never be a socialist country.

Donald Trump: Never, never, never. They'll decide which businesses can exist and which will be outlawed, they will decide which rights you can keep and which are going to be revoked. They will re-educate your children, which they tried and we stopped, but they will do it. You saw what I did with the people that wanted to sort of do a culture change, right, they're all gone out of the military, they're gone out of everything.

Donald Trump: But they'll reemerge, you have the wrong leader, them, they'll reemerge quickly. They'll order you to stay at home while letting rioters and MS-13 killers roam free without masks, without masks. MS-13 doesn't have to wear a mask. You ever see that? They riot, they would loot, they do everything, no problem.

Donald Trump: You get together, you get together -- That's why we have outdoors. We always go outdoors, right, but they have a thing. You can't do anything, you can't go to church, right? You can't go to church, your kids can't go to school even if so it's 99.9%, 99.9. In fact, you know Barron had it, sir. He just tested positive, Who? Barron, oh, like about 12 seconds later.

Donald Trump: How's he doing? Oh, he's recovered. Oh, good, thanks. Let's face it. They have stronger immune systems, stronger immune. -- They're very powerful. I never realized how powerful children are. They will censor, you punish you and persecute you for violating their speech codes and oppressive mandates. You've seen it, you've been saying what's going on, but you know what?

Donald Trump: We've got the White House, we're winning. As long as we have that. And we're not going to mount left and right, I wonder what's going to happen. We win they announce, "Ladies and gentlemen, Donald Trump has won the presidency of the United States." I think they'll be very happy. I think they're very happy.

Donald Trump: They're going to be very happy. You know, they'll be upset and then they'll be just fine, right? They'll be just fine. They'll be very thrilled. They'll be thrilled. [Audience chanting "Four more years"] I'll tell you this. I'll tell you this, you know, I don't want to -- I love this particular state, but I might not come here so often.

Donald Trump: I've been all over your state, you better let me win. I mean, I mean, Laura and Eric, we had a beautiful -- they had a beautiful daughter, granddaughter for me. And they named the granddaughter Carolina. Now, when I go to South Carolina, I can also give them some credit, right, can I? Do you mind? Right.

Donald Trump: No, it's great, great place. If you want your children to grow up in a free nation where they can speak their minds and practice their religion and live by their values. Then you must defeat Sleepy Joe Biden and the radical left. OK Reject left-wing fascism, vote for American freedom, vote for America first vote, for Make America Great Again.

Donald Trump: What I was thinking, I was thinking on the plane down, I just put this in, I don't know, I just said to myself, and I said to a group small group on the plane -- The great Mark Meadows is here. General Mark. I had to go all the way to North Carolina to find the guy. He's doing a good job. I don't know where the hell he is, he's always worked it out.

Donald Trump: He's back there someplace. Where is he? Oh, there look at -- Come up, Mark. Come up, come up. I'll tell you, he has done a really great job. Look at him. Central casting too, central casting. He loves his state. I will tell you that. It took me three years to get him out of Congress and we have another great friend of ours here, Mick Mulvaney.

Donald Trump: He's really been great. Mick. He's a South Carolina guy and he's a good man too. And we have some other warriors here. We have some of your Congressmen and some others. I will introduce them later Will just introduce them later, right. Just think of it, when I said this to them just a little while ago, I shouldn't say it's sad because they're going to say he was extremely sad, but it is sad.

Donald Trump: But just think of it. I said, I'm all by myself and I've had to beat the fake news lame stream media and their partner, the Democrat Party, and now we find out without any doubt, we've had to beat the Big Tech Giants and add to that, we've had to be the really stupid dumb people, the Never Trumpers, but we've had to beat the RINOs that's Republican, in ame only, RINO.

Donald Trump: I love that term, RINO, got a lot of RINOs, got more RINOs than we should have. And we had to beat the pundits and the consultants that I've soundly defeated almost every single one of these clowns. You know, they all represented somebody, don't forget we had 17 people running in the primaries in just about every one of these clowns represented somebody and I defeated them so badly that they've never gotten over it. They do commercials, they do. These people are sick, they're sick, they're sad sad people.

Donald Trump: And on top of everything else, we've had a soundly defeat. We're in the process of doing it. It's much deeper than I thought. The deep state was right. We had to be [Inaudible], you know the swamp, and the swamp creatures are much deeper and much worse than we ever thought. And there is such a thing as the deep state.

Donald Trump: What was it? [Audience chanting "Build the wall"] But you know with all of those people, it's a lot, and I stand here by myself and then I said to the people in the plain wonderful, beautiful, political -- with television sets than any place in history. I saw you -- I saw this massive -- look at the size of this crowd, never going to report that they never talk about it, you know.

Donald Trump: They never talk -- they never talk about it. They never talk about crowds. As you remember when we had the inauguration, I said we had the biggest crowd, and then they show empty space and they show Barack Hussein Obama's crowd. And I said, I said, wait a minute. I think the word we used was audience that it included all of the new things.

Donald Trump: You know, all of the different things that we have coming out. Every week there's a new form of information coming out. So I think we had the largest audience anywhere in the world, but they showed this field. Now when I was speaking, it was full. But when they show the field, it was all empty. I said, wait a minute, I was speaking, it was full, they took the pictures about five or six hours early.

Donald Trump: They had everything roped off. And I said to my people, We to sort of bring that up everyone to, oh, sir, nobody cares about. I care about it. I care about it. No, they took the pictures way early. And when I was speaking, I'm looking at this thing all the way back. It was so beautiful and then all of a sudden we made the statement, I guess the largest audience.

Donald Trump: And I think it was the largest audience and we suffer. That was the first week. This was just the beginning, this was just the beginning,` but when I was speaking, it was packed just like this place is packed. Look at that into the hangar. There's a lot of people. But I had it again too, I had a guy, I think his name was Weigl, Waggle, Wiggle, from the Washington Post, he goes to an arena and all of the arenas were packed.

Donald Trump: Now we're doing outdoor because of COVID sometimes referred to as the China virus, right, which I think is a far -- which I think is a far more accurate. I mean you could also use the corona word, but that sounds like a beautiful town in Italy. It's not fair. This is the China plague or the China virus. That's where it came from.

Donald Trump: We have to be accurate and we were really doing well against China. We still are, by the way, but we were doing so well, you know. Hey, do you remember that for years, for 10 years you heard China was going to supplant us in 2019, right. 2019 they were going to be bigger than us. Their economy well that didn't work out too well for them.

Donald Trump: We were beating them by leaps and bounds and then we got hit with the plague. No sooner had the ink dried on a great China deal. We made a wonderful trade deal. It was great. In fact, they ordered the largest amount two weeks ago of corn, soybeans, and beef, cattle, beef that we've ever had because they want to keep me happy because they know that I'm not satisfied.

Donald Trump: This is no good what happened. This is no good what they did to us, no good. The ink hadn't even dried on our trade deal with China, wonderful deal and this happened. This should have been stopped in China. They should have been able to stop it. They stopped it from going into the rest of China. But they didn't stop it from going into Europe, the United States, and the rest of the world, right?

Donald Trump: We're going to find out why too, but the American people are with me. So I stand alone and I said to these people, I apologize, you mind if I said I instead of we? Because it is a group of very loyal people, I said, please much better when I say I. But we do have a great group of people, but we do, we're standing sort of alone against all of these people.

Donald Trump: You mean, I mean, I saw Adam Schiff, this guy, the watermelon head, I say, oh, he's like a watermelon head. Yes, no dummy, no dummy. He doesn't believe it. But he said the other day about Biden with the laptop from hell, we call it the laptop. He said, and he goes up before the mic, this is Adam Shifty Schiff.

Donald Trump: This was caused by Russia. Russia. Russia caused this, they created this disinformation, he said, right, it think he should be, honestly asking that guy should be locked up and you know because he's in Congress -- [Audience chanting] yeah. You know, because he's Remember when he said I had this perfect phone call with the President of Ukraine.

Donald Trump: I'm the only one that could get impeached over a phone call that was perfect. Remember Shifty Schiff got up, then he started repeating it eight times quid pro quo, And you will this and you will that, and you will listen. Fortunately, we had beautiful transcribers that transcribed the call. Can you imagine if we didn't have?

Donald Trump: It would have been my word against Shifty Schiff and all of the horrible human beings over there, they died when they found out we had a transcription. Remember? They wanted to know how do we get out of this one. So we had to beat that one off too, but that was a little bit lucky. Thank you to your wonderful transcribers, you did a great job.

Donald Trump: But you know this is what we're dealing, we're dealing with some tough people and evil people. Somebody said, President, a friend of mine from New York, very successful guy, big builder, said, President, President, you know they don't call me Donald anymore. I lost all my friends because everybody they call me up, they say.

Donald Trump: Oh, it's the President and it's the President. I pick up. Hey, Richard, how you doing? He goes, Mr. President, sir, how are you? He used to say, Hey, Don, how about going out to dinner tonight? It's true. I lost all my friends because they all respect the office.. Forget about -- They respect the office of the President.

Donald Trump: They would call me up and say. Mr. President, sir, I've known this guy for so many years, I don't see exactly how many, but too many, many, let's put it this way many more than 30. So I say Richard loosen up, loosen up. Yes, sir. Call me, Donald. Yes, sir. So we're going on and I say, How's everything going?

Donald Trump: How's New York, I miss it. It's going to hell with this crazy mayor and this crazy governor we have, crime is through the roof. Crime in New York is through the roof and it all happened since I left. I mean, maybe I should take credit for that, that we did a good job. No, but it's very sad what happened.

Donald Trump: I said, How's it going? We talked and then he ended it by saying, Mr. President, sir, thank you very much. As you wish, you didn't have to thank me for speaking to me and it's one of those things. But they have respect for the office, right, they have respect for the office, and we have to have more respect for our country when somebody gets up before the halls of Congress in the halls.

Donald Trump: So when Schiff gave this phony speech about my conversation, he was quoting my conversation. He didn't know we had it transcribed. And normally I wouldn't do that. We actually called up Ukraine. Do you mind if we release it? They said no, they didn't understand why, but they were nice. You know they were very nice.

Donald Trump: They said you mind, no. We had our Secretary of state call, actually. Do you mind? Because it would be nice to let him know, we're going to release it, right? Would be very nice. And what happens is it was totally different and I said, Oh, we're going to sue him. We're going to do things to him because he lied in the halls of Congress and they told me, you know, they tell me. No, sir, I'm sorry.

Donald Trump: He has total immunity, he can say anything he wants in the house. It's true. And I thought to myself, Isn't that crazy. It should be the exact opposite. You should be mandated to be more honest in the halls of Congress, not where you have immunity to say anything you want. Oh, did they die? Did Nancy did crazy Nancy go crazy when she heard that we had a transcript.

Donald Trump: She looked at her people, she said, What the hell is this, this is not impeachable. They say, You're right, but we are so far down the road, let's go for it anyway. This is what we're dealing with. and we won. It's good to win though I have to tell you it was. Great Republicans, we had great Republican support.

Donald Trump: In the house, it was 196 or so to nothing. And we got a Democrat and a half. Van Drew, good guy running for office is going to do very well. Jeff. He's going to do very well. He came over. He said, This is so corrupt. I'm going to become a Republican. And he's going to do great. But it really is -- think of it when you're in the halls of Congress, you should be more honest and of well, you can say anything you want.

Donald Trump: And that's probably -- maybe we should go for it. Let's go for a little change. The radical Biden-Harris agenda is projected to slash the typical American home income by at least $6,500 per year. Think of that. They'll raise your taxes by four -- You know, Biden is going to raise your taxes. We could go 4 trillion, everyone says, What does that mean?

Donald Trump: You know what it means? It means a lot. They're going to raise your taxes by $4 trillion triggering a mass exodus of jobs out of America into foreign countries. You know how many jobs I brought in, I brought in jobs that were just stifled because our taxes were so crazy. The Biden tax hikes will wipe out up to another quarter of the small business income and 25% of all U.S. investment.

Donald Trump: Your stocks, you're 401(k)s and pensions will be demolished. You'll go into a depression, the likes of which you haven't seen since 1929. That's what's going to happen. He's going to raise your taxes. He's gonna put all the regulations back on. I'm sure he'll join the wonderful Paris accord. How's it working out for France?

Donald Trump: I don't think so, right? No, it takes away our wealth. It was meant to take away our wealth. Somebody will come in someday and they'll say, Isn't it wonderful? Our air is cleaner than all of them. We just had our best numbers environmentally, the cleanest, the best without spending a fortune. And it's rigged for China and Russia and India and all these other countries.

Donald Trump: And it's really bad for us. And everybody said, you know what I did that when I got out at the Paris climate accord, OK, they call it the Paris. Wheh I got at a -- such a beautiful name, right? When I got out the people understood it and maybe I think I said this a tough one, I'm gonna get killed in this way.

Donald Trump: That's OK. Pleasure. I signed it bomb, but the people got it right away. They're taking your wealth away. They don't want oil, they don't want petroleum, they don't want -- You know why? Because they don't have it. And because we do. We are the No. 1 in the world right now. And they want to take it away.

Donald Trump: Biden's plan will destroy 5 million jobs, eliminate $2.6 trillion in wealth and hurt lower and middle-income families. The most of all, I will deliver optimism, opportunity, and hope Biden will deliver pessimism, poverty, and decline. For the last 47 years, Joe Biden has been outsourcing your job, opening your borders, oh, by the way our border is closed.

Donald Trump: That's why you never hear about it. You ever notice, you don't hear about that. You don't hear about our vets anymore because we take such good. Remember every night you hear about vets. Before me 91% approval rating with our vets. Our vets voted 91% we never had anything like it. And sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars in countries that you've never even heard of and they're all coming back.

Donald Trump: You know that, right? I mean, I hope anybody -- I hope nobody objects. I think 19 years in Afghanistan is enough, wouldn't you say? Well, like a police force over there, we have the greatest soldiers in the world. But over there we're like a police force. 19 years is enough. You think it's easy getting out?

Donald Trump: With all the military-industrial complex, right? Dwight Eisenhower, the military -- Beware the military-industrial complex. They're right. But we're all coming home, they're all coming home. In 2016, North Carolina voted to fire this depraved political establishment and you elected an outsider as President who is finally putting America first.

Donald Trump: Joe Biden as you've been reading for the last four weeks. Although it's hard to find because they shut it down. You've learned how corrupt the press is more than what I've been saying for four years. I've known it, I've said it, but I don't know how many people believed it. You see how corrupt they are when the New York Times and The Washington Post and all of these other, they don't even write about a man who is a totally corrupt politician.

Donald Trump: He's a corrupt politician. In addition, he led communist China plunder your jobs while his family raked in millions from China and foreign nations. Think of it. How about Russia? How about Russia? $3.5 billion from the mayor of Moscow's wife, three and a half -- oh, I see, what did you do for that? There's a lot that's like one of the smaller hits.

Donald Trump: He was like a vacuum cleaner. You know they go into a country, it was like having a vacuum cleaner. Just suck it all in. And if you mention it, if you mention it and I take -- I have great respect for the New York Post, The New York Post, fourth-largest newspaper, the oldest. But the New York Post, what they've done is incredible, but you know the Big Tech, they put you out.

Donald Trump: Twitter, they take you out, Charlie Kirk, so many people, they take him out, they take him out. They say, We're not going to stand for this. If you call him corrupt, they'll say we're not going to stand because that's where they're coming from. Think of what's happening. Nobody thought -- Does everyone know what I'm talking about?

Donald Trump: Nobody thought it was even possible. And the newspaper -- News, you know all the news that's fit to print, actually it's all the news that's fit to print because they don't want to print it. They don't want to put it in, I mean it is disgraceful. We talk about freedom of the press. This is the exact opposite of freedom of the press.

Donald Trump: They don't want to put the word out. And even me, I make a speech like this, they'll turn off -- Look, I bet that the cameras turned off because they don't want it. Nobody even me. I'm the big cynic of the world. I never thought this was possible. His so-called Biden Center at the University of Pennsylvania has already received $70 million from China, 70 million.

Donald Trump: That can't be possible. Is that possible? Explosive e-mails from Hunter Biden also show that Hunter was negotiating with a Chinese firm, tied to the communist China party to receive $10 million a year for introductions, well that sounds reasonable. I think you'd do that. I think I'd even do it. 10 million?

Donald Trump: Introduce -- Hey, I'd like to introduce it, send me the 10 million. [Audience chanting "Lock him up"] Another e-mail reference, 10% held by Hunter for the big guy. I wouldn't know who the big guy was, the big guy. He doesn't look so big to me. He doesn't look so big when he walks on the stage. He's not looking at strong.

Donald Trump: Fragile, very fragile, but the big guy, they call him the big guy. One document shows a plan to take money from Chinese state-owned enterprises. This -- I tell you what, this laptop is a disaster. How the hell did he ever let go of this sucker. He put it too well, he got to have it fixed. I guess he forgot to pick it up, what the hell?

Donald Trump: And then shift, that's where he bled. He said, It's Russia, who did it, it's Russia, Russia, oh, Russia. They probably think we're the wackiest people. They say, What do we do now? He created a laptop for Hunter Biden with pictures and all. This is a matter of national security. The Bidens got rich, while North Carolina and our country got robbed.

Donald Trump: OK. OK, If Biden wins, China will own the United States alone. The media and the Big Tech are desperately trying to cover up this massive scandal. I'm not just running against Sleepy Joe Biden. I'm running against the corrupt media, they're corrupt. The corrupt media, the Big Tech Giants. And I'm running against the Washington swamp.

Donald Trump: It's time to send a message to these wealthy liberal hypocrites by delivering Joe Biden, a thundering defeat on November 3rd. That's a lot of people. It's a big crowd. By the way, this a big crowd, you should've seen the people on the road they couldn't get in. You know, as big as this crowd is. Tens of thousands of people on the roads coming up [Inaudible]. They couldn't get in. They said, How big is your arena?

Donald Trump: I said I don't know. We have a big field, oh, good, I said it's sold out. How do you sell out a field, right? They said, Sir, I'm sorry, we can't let anyone else in. The police, they're great, by the way. I said, Officer, we have 10,000 people out there, much more than that, all the way down. He said, I'm sorry, sir.

Donald Trump: I said it's a field, just -- Let's open it up, let's move the trucks back, the bus and everything. They said, Sir, we have a problem. What? Stampede. I said, stampede. He said, We get so many people we're worried about it. I thought that was for cattle, right? He said stampede. Can you imagine? Now Joe doesn't have that problem.

Donald Trump: He has about four or five circles. They can't fill them up, but I love the people. The only thing I like about him is the person that does the circles after this is all over now. They do a beautiful job, nice wide, beautiful everything. You know, I'm a perfectionist, it's beautiful those circles, they're very far away from each other.

Donald Trump: You couldn't catch COVID in those circles, no matter what you do. So I don't sound like a typical Washington politician. It's because I'm not a politician. [Audience chanting "Four more years"] The only thing we do to make them totally crazy is we say 12 more years because you try. Right? Then they say, See, he is a fascist, they've covered me, they've covered me every way.

Donald Trump: They've said he is so stupid, then they say he's not really smart. Then they say he's trying to take over the entire country, then they say no, no, no, no, no, no, he's a super genius. He's more brilliant than ever, the greatest ever he's trying to take over the entire world. So I go from not being smart to being the smartest person he is, but evil.

Donald Trump: Someday they're going to say, You know what, he was a smart guy, ran a great country. OK. That's what we want. It's this guy, this guy. You know they've had every -- they've called me everything in the book. They've got me names that you wouldn't believe and we just keep going along right? Because nobody's been able to do what we've done in the first three and a half years.

Donald Trump: Nobody even close. All right. So if I don't always play by the rules of the Washington establishment, it's because I was elected to fight for you hotter than anybody has ever fought for you before. Nobody's ever fought for you. You think this is easy? All these women, 61, this is number 61 times. These incredible women right here.

Donald Trump: They're rich as hell. I said to him, I saw them to a show. I said, Also in North Carolina, but a long ways away from here, right? A big state. But I saw I them two weeks, I said, How many times have you been here? They said 60 at the time. I said, because I've seen them, I said your husbands have a problem with that.

Donald Trump: I think your husbands are with you tonight. Standup husbands, please stand up. Look at this guy. Handsome, very handsome looking guys. How about the women standing up. Will you stand up, please. Look at that. Great people, these are great people, these are great Americans. He's a really great American people.

Donald Trump: These are great American people that we love. One of the most important issues in this election is the safety of the American family. The Biden-Harris war on police would be a catastrophe for our nation. Just look at what the left has done and Democrat-run Chicago, Portland, New York City, Oakland, name any, Baltimore.

Donald Trump: Did you hear what happened? You know Obama is now campaigning even though he refused to support Biden. I mean, he'd never said and then even after Biden sort of semi won. He semi won, he wouldn't do it. He just -- it took forever. But now he's campaigning for him and somebody said, Sir, maybe this is a good resume.

Donald Trump: President Obama's campaigning for Sleepy Joe Biden and I said, Huh, that's good news or bad. Tell me, are you saying it's good or it's bad? I guess it's bad. No, it's good. There was nobody that campaigned harder for Crooked Hillary Clinton than Obama, right? He was all over the place. He said he will not be our President, but before that he said he will not run.

Donald Trump: You didn't tell me that I run. Then he said, He will not get the nomination. Then I got the nomination. Then he said, He will not be our President. Then I won. I think the only one -- the only one more unhappy than Crooked Hillary that night was Barack Hussein Obama. The only one. Barack Hussein Obama. You know, when I say that name, I think of a man who is an incredible man who is having difficulty, but there is nobody more brave -- and he would talk a lot about Barack Obama.

Donald Trump: He would talk about Obama all the time, I wouldn't say in the most positive way, but with respect, Rush Limbaugh, he's great. Rush Limbaugh. And you talk about a fighter, he's right. He's a fighter. You never saw a fighter like Rush has. he got the Presidential, you know he got up our greatest -- our greatest border.

Donald Trump: He got the Presidential Medal of Freedom, which is the highest that and the Congressional Medal of Honor. And it was a great evening and is a fantastic wife and family, but Rush is having a hard time. And I will tell you something, he is something special. Try talking for years and years, biggest audience in radio history, try talking for three hours without phone calls, without you know, it's easy pick up a phone, Hey, how you doing on Social Security?

Donald Trump: He would just talk and talk and talk, biggest audience ever. Sean Hannity thinks one of the greats ever in anything one of the greatest. Mark Levigne. Laura. Tucker has been getting better and better all the time. But in general, the great Lou Dobbs, right. Great Lou Dobbs, Lou Dobbs has been great. Lou Dobbs has been -- I know we have a lot, we have a lot of great people and we're getting more.

Donald Trump: And what's very interesting getting more, but I just want to pay my absolute respect. He's in there fighting and I'll tell you what, nobody can do it like him, Rush Limbaugh, OK? Biden and Harris is anti-police rhetoric, is inciting riots and putting our police in grave danger. You know I watched this guy today and he's talking about how it was so calm.

Donald Trump: Well, he wasn't calm, Ferguson, St. Lewis, Baltimore. Right? Oakland. They had things going on that was -- were worse. I mean, you look at Baltimore, remember that whole mess, but now it's like, oh, it was so wonderful and then you look at the H1N1, that joke rose the opposite. The swine flu, you look at that and you say, well wait a minute that was handled so badly and the person that was running his whole thing said this was handled so badly.

Donald Trump: You have no idea how badly it was run. And then they criticized us. He says I didn't close up sooner, but he was two months late and he was criticizing me for closing up too soon. So you know, it always gets me when somebody is in office for 47 years, he could have done a lot. How much? He said more. She could -- Barely in office, right.

Donald Trump: But all you have to do is you have to say, well, why didn't you do it? I always say that why didn't you do it? Don't complain, get it done, we get it done. Nobody has done more in three and a half years. But I will always stand because they don't -- they don't -- They want to distance shows. They wanted this associate themselves.

Donald Trump: I will always stand with the men and women of law enforcement. Biden is also pledging mass amnesty and free federal healthcare for illegal aliens and we all have a heart it will obliterate Medicare and Social Security with it. But we all have a heart. The problem -- I want to take care of everybody. The problem is our country will be flooded with tens of millions of people, free healthcare, free education.

Donald Trump: I always say for them it drives them crazy. Everybody gets a free Rolls-Royce and then they say I am misrepresenting, they don't get a Rolls-Royce, but no. But think of it, free healthcare and I'll always protect -- I will always protect you Medicare and your Social Security. It will never be protected. And I'm also proud that here in North Carolina, your Medicare Advantage premiums have decreased because of us because of good management by over 44% since I took office.

Donald Trump: When do you hear that? You don't hear that too often. On health care, we're providing American families with affordable, high-quality personalized health care, the Washington Democrats want bureaucrats calling the shots, rationing care, and deciding who gets treatment. The battle of the China virus, we launched the largest mobilization since World War II. It's incredible what we've done and we've helped out a lot of governors.

Donald Trump: We've made a lot of really bad governors look good and we've made some good ones look great. And I can tell you we'll get some bad ones and we have some really good ones and I'll someday tell you who it is. Our early and aggressive action saved more than 2 million lives, I took rapid action to ban travel from China and Europe.

Donald Trump: And Biden opposed both, remember? They're highly infected. I said we got to stop it. We pioneered incredible therapies. Excuse me, here I am, here I am. I don't know what the hell is wrong. All I know I got it and I have to -- Look. As President, I can't stay in the basement of the White House. I really can't. I have to meet, I meet with families, gold star families.

Donald Trump: I meet with so many people, heads of state. I meet with all these people, sometimes I'll leave and I'll say, Man that's dangerous. If you know, if you really -- And I start thinking, I say, you know, I'm meeting with so many people, but I can't stay in a basement. I can't stay in a beautiful bedroom in the White House where I say, Hello world let me stay here for a year.

Donald Trump: I can't do that with the First Lady. If I have to choose somebody, I'll choose the First Lady. But no, I can't -- They do love Melania, it's true. But I can't -- I can't just stay inside and do that and it's risky and I caught it and I didn't feel too good and I was surrounded by doctors, I've never seen so many doctors in my life.

Donald Trump: You know, I was always well taken care of, but I've never seen, I mean, every doctor from every major place in the world, Johns Hopkins was great, Johns Hopkins was really fantastic and you know Walter Reed is unbelievable, but I had 12 doctors standing around my bed, and every one of them had a hand on a different part of my body and I didn't like it. I didn't like it, but I didn't feel good, I didn't feel good and they gave me what's called Regeneron, which is antibodies, very strong antibodies.

Donald Trump: And there is other -- Eli Lilly makes something. I mean, it's incredible what they're doing, by the way, what they're doing now is incredible. And I don't know, maybe it was great, maybe it would -- maybe it would have happened anyway. But I woke up the next morning and I felt like Superman. I felt like Superman, regenerated.

Donald Trump: And I'm working to make the same antibody treatment that I received available to anybody that needs it free. We're getting it approved. We're getting it, we're signing what's called emergency-use declaration, we're getting it because it's so new, it's not even really approved. It's almost like Right to Try, you know I got Right to Try, right?

Donald Trump: For people that are sick. And they'd have to travel to other parts of the world where they didn't have money, they'd have to go home and die even if we had something that looked good but it wasn't approved by the FDA. We cut those times way down any way from -- I mean half, we cut them in half but still has to be approved.

Donald Trump: And we got Right to Try done and that's where somebody -- that's a drug that has potential and somebody is dying, terminally ill and they couldn't do it because they said, well, supposing they die, they're going to die anyway. And we got -- but still not easy because the insurance companies had very deep problems in the drug companies had problems.

Donald Trump: They didn't want to be on the list. And a lot of different things and the country had troubles because the country doesn't want to get sued by everybody if it doesn't work out. And so I have them sign that we wrote up a very sophisticated but simple agreement that somebody taking any of the new really incredible medicines with the greatest labs and doctors in the world, anybody taking it will sign away their rights and they're not going to sue anybody.

Donald Trump: And you know what's happened? We have had more success with right to try that's incredible. Incredible. It's really incredible, they're great. That's one of so many things we've done. We have done so many things. I could go on all night about the things we've done, but it's such a -- Well, you know, he's done a great job.

Donald Trump: But let's get the hell out of here, Harry. And we will have 100 million vaccine doses before the end of this year. OK. And if you look, cases in Europe is surging, you know they don't talk about that. They're always saying Europe, Europe, Europe. Well, sorry, but they're surging, I don't want that to happen.

Donald Trump: But cases in Europe are surging. Biden's lockdown would reduce life expectancy. You know, when you do these lockdowns like you are suffering through in North Carolina, you have a governor -- Depression, suicide, drugs, alcohol, and many other problems. And your kids want to go to school, they want to go, they have to go to school.

Donald Trump: So I want to send a message tonight to America's incredible moms. The moms are heroes, they really are, they're heroes and they know better than anyone that their children do belong in school and they want their children to go back to school. I will open your schools, Biden will close your schools. And you'll keep them close.

Donald Trump: I mean these people, it's like crazy what's going on. So I don't get it. Maybe -- maybe it will be right after you know the election is going to end. Hopefully, we're going to win and then these governors would just say, oh, they'll go like this, oh, off just open the flex up. The states close and so many, I mean, there's five of them.

Donald Trump: But see they think that's going to give us worse numbers. So here's a number you have to watch out. GDP, it's going to be announced two days before the election. November 3rd, it's going to be announced like on November 1st. Just watch it. I think it's going to say, I don't know anything, by the way, this is for the media, no, I don't have any inside information.

Donald Trump: But the Atlanta Fed came out today and they gave a number that's one of the most incredible numbers anyone's ever heard many times what the all time record would be. They said GDP will increase in this third quarter by 35%, 35%. People were hearing 20, people were hearing 20. But here's the problem. Now if it goes 25 or 30, they'll see Donald Trump fail to meet.

Donald Trump: I mean I think the highest is probably eight, seven, six, eight, something -- nine, but -- but they said they said they predicted 35%. So if it was 20%, it would be incredible. That would be double, triple what the highest in history was. But this is a number that because we're doing great. But the Democrats think by keeping North Carolina close and Pennsylvania, we love Pennsylvania, closed.

Donald Trump: And by keeping Michigan close. This governor, that's always blaming everybody for everything. By keeping -- except her husband -- by keeping -- It's true. By keeping Michigan closed and all of this that it will affect the number. Well, the number is going to be great anyway. I think it opened up California, we got to open up California.

Donald Trump: I see what's going on. People are leaving California, they're leaving New York because they can't take it. Number one, they have the basic problems, high taxes crime. But on top of it, they can't even open. It's a very sad thing and they're killing, I don't know where they're coming from. I don't know what they are doing, but they have to open these states up and your governor has to open your state up. And this is brilliant, brilliant timing.

Donald Trump: This is great timing because you see we're joined tonight by your Lieutenant Governor, Dan Forest. Right? Dan, you better come up here, come on, let's get this guy. Where's is Dan? Come on, Dan, look at him. He's a handsome guy. Don't worry. He's locked in secret service. We're going to take your time. We're also joined by South Carolina Lieutenant Governor Pamela Evette, Pamela.

Donald Trump: Where's Pamela? Thank you, Pamela. Wow. So, so young and so strong and so smart. Good, you're doing a fantastic job. Say hello to the governor. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Pamela. Come up here, Dan. Come up. Come up. Dan, say a few words.

Dan Forest: Mr. President. Thank you, Mr. President. Welcome in North Carolina. Another Gastonia welcome. [Audience cheering] Mr. President, it's great to have you back in the great state in North Carolina. You can see with all these tens of thousands of people here in the North Carolina loves you and North Carolina is going to vote for Donald J. Trump one more time in November.

Dan Forest: Mr. President, we have a couple of things in common here. Our opponents are both stuck in their basement for the last 200 days. They've -- they both have the same philosophy. Their -- Their job is to destroy instead of build up. We both come from a business background, Mr. President, and I'm going to work with you to make North Carolina great again.

Dan Forest: We're going to work to make america great again. Sir, Donald J. Trump -- President Trump has done more for the United States of America in the last 46 months than Joe Biden has done in the last 46 years. And we don't need a -- We don't need a -- do-nothing President in America. We need a President that gets things done.

Dan Forest: Here in North Carolina, we have a do-nothing governor. For four years we have a governor who's done absolutely nothing except for shutters, stay down, shut our schools down, closed our economy down, and destroy one of the greatest economies the United States of America has ever seen. So my friends join with me over the next 13 days to vote Republican, vote Donald J. Trump and vote Dan Forest for governor.

Dan Forest: God bless you.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Dan. Thank you. Thank you, Dan. He'll be a great governor. Hey, Dan, you make a lot of progress. I see the polls are very close and they get a little bit nervous. They're getting a little nervous about you. A friend of mine from the beginning. She's always been with me and just a fantastic woman, Virginia Fox, congresswoman.

Donald Trump: Congresswoman. She walks into a room and those Congressmen they shake and a quick, right? Another friend of mine who -- we were involved with right at the beginning. He showed incredible courage and stamina. The race was a tough race. He's got another one coming up now and I hope everybody is going to be with him.

Donald Trump: He's turned out to be a great Congressman. Dan Bishop. Dan. Dan. Dan Bishop Thank you, Dan. Great job. A lot of courage. And also a warrior, friend, really helps out whenever we need it, he's there. Ted Budd. Ted. Great Congressman. Thank you. Thank you, Ted. Thank you, Dan. North Carolina GOP Chair Michael Whatley.

Donald Trump: Hi, Michael, and we're doing well, that's good, Michael. We're going to win this state, I would think. I tell you. They know those votes are also coming in and some more come in, in like they thought they could win a little bit. They got a little crazy, Michael, they're a little bit concerned about what's happening, aren't they, huh?

Donald Trump: Not only here. A lot of other states too. Press just refuses to report it but, eventually, they have to because you know at some point you win and they say okay. Remember last time, right, four years ago. Remember the hand of King -- John King, he was sort of like I haven't seen him lately, did he got fired or something?

Donald Trump: I think one of their lawyers just got fired. They just got fired for good reason. Well, it hasn't been too nice. Let's face it. That was a strange deal going on. No, but remember the -- remember four years ago that his hand looked very bright, oh, it's going to be very old. There's got to be a very quick, got about four hours later, yeah, the hand was -- the hand started to shake and then he said, I can't believe what's happening.

Donald Trump: But we could believe it, we know it and we know what's happening again. We know what's happening again except more so. This is now happening again, Michael, except more so you were there, is this more than four years ago? Yeah, now there's more enthusiasm, there's more enthusiasm, there's more support. [Audience cheering] No, this is even more so I think Michael, you better win.

Donald Trump: Michael, I will fire you so fast. Two friends of mine -- I tell you these people, my wife called, she said, I just have to come over, she was in New York and she came in. She said you have to see and she brought a clip. She said you have to see this. These two people are great, they're great. This is four years ago and it was Diamond and Silk.

Donald Trump: Where are they? Where are they? Are they here? Look at them. [Audience cheering] No, it's true. First Lady came in. She said, You got to take a look at this being and she pressed. I said, That's amazing. They are great. Thank you very much. Right from the beginning, right? You understood long before a lot of other people.

Donald Trump: You understood, you got it. They're also doing really well for themselves and I'm happy. I said, Go out and do well. Right? Thank you. Thank you. Great honor. Thank you. Great people. Thanks also to your Senator Thom Tillis, who -- Who's opponent had an unexpected problem, times two. No, Tom is a good guy.

Donald Trump: Tom has been with us. He's been working hard. He's respected very much in Washington. He's really a good -- he's really a good Senator and really a good Senator and he's been -- he's been strong. So I hope he gets in. I hope you guys are going to go out and get him in. He's terrific. But he really did, you know, he had had a little luck, we wouldn't go it like it's, you know, it's a unfortunate situation in many ways.

Donald Trump: So we'll see how it all turns out. But it's a close race, going to be a tough race, but our race doesn't look like it's going to be as close. Our race looks like it's -- [Audience cheering] And with us as well our members of the incredible Lumbee [Inaudible Tribes. Lumbee [Inaudible] Where are they? Oh, look at you guys.

Donald Trump: Wow. Wow, that's a good looking group of people. Lumbee [Inaudible] Thank you very much for being here. We appreciate it. We're working with you and you have a great Congressman. And Dan, you know that right? Right, Dan? OK. You're lucky. You have Dan. No. He's a big supporter. Thank you very much. Thank you, everybody.

Donald Trump: As you know, the Lumbee Tribe has been fighting for federal recognition for more than a century. That's all? Well, you're moving faster than a lot of people move. That's a long time. When I am re-elected will work with Congress and will work with Dan and we'll work with all of them on the Lumbee Recognition Act and we'll get it done.

Donald Trump: That's done. Thanks and I notice you do have great support within the state. Yeah, Dan, but you have great support within the state. So that's great. We'll work on that very strongly. [Audience shouted "Thank you, Mr. President"] Thank you. Thank you. Under my administration, we built the greatest economy in the history of the world and now we are doing it again.

Donald Trump: In my first three years, we increased family income over $6,000 and much more when you include energy because you know these people want to wipe out your energy. We're energy independent. They want to wipe it out. Whoever thought you'd be paying $2 for gasoline, sometimes less. You know, that's like -- that's like a big tax cut.

Donald Trump: That's more than five times the gains in all eight years under the Obama administration. Think of that. In three years versus eight years. Medium income range reached $69,000, that's good, that's good. That's an all-time, that's an all-time high. Income for black Americans grew nine times, think of that.

Donald Trump: It grew nine times more under my leadership than under Biden and Obama. Grew nine times more in much shorter period of time. African-American unemployment, Hispanic American unemployment and Asian-American unemployment all reached their lowest levels in the history of our country. Women's unemployment reached the lowest rate in more than 70 years.

Donald Trump: We lifted nearly 7 million Americans out of poverty, including nearly 1.2 million African-Americans lifted out of poverty. Nobody's done this. These are all records. When the virus hit, we experienced the smallest contraction of any major country anywhere in the world and we also are now witnessing by far the fastest recovery, we're recovering faster.

Donald Trump: And you'll see what that number is. Let's see what it is. I don't know 35, but it's gonna be a great number. Since Apri,l we created a record 11.4 million jobs, never done that before. Under Biden, it took 30 months to recover more than half of the jobs lost in the crisis. We did it in five months. Think about it. We've spent the last four years reversing the damage Joe Biden inflicted over the last 47 years.

Donald Trump: He supported NAFTA, the worst trade deal ever made. TPP would have been the worst trade deal ever made, would have been even worse but I didn't let it go through, and China's entry into the World Trade Organization, one of the worst things ever to happen to this country. He betrayed, quite honestly, the American worker, that's what he did and he always has.

Donald Trump: He always has. Now he said we have to protect America, we have to protect, we have to hire. He says, we have to hire, he copied me, we have to hire American, he said. I said he copied, get a new phrase. He's not doing anything. He didn't do it for years. And gorget the 47. You know, it wasn't like they were out long, right?

Donald Trump: He didn't do any of this stuff when he was there. He also voted for the war in Iraq. Terrible decision. For decades, our politicians spent trillions and trillions of dollars rebuilding foreign nations fighting foreign wars and defending foreign borders, but now we are finally protecting our nation rebuilding our cities and we are bringing our jobs, our factories and our troops.

Donald Trump: Back home to the USA where they belong. [Audience chanting "USA"] And I'm also taking care of North Carolina tobacco growers. Is that OK? Yes? North Carolina tobacco. Under my leadership we achieved the most secure border in U.S. history, by far My opponent's insane immigration plan would be a nightmare for North Carolina families.

Donald Trump: He would eliminate U.S. borders by implementing nationwide catch and release. We end the catch and release. That's when you catch somebody; could be a murderer, could be a rapist, could be a criminal of some kind, and you let them free and say, excuse me, come back in four years, we're going to give you a trial.

Donald Trump: Nobody ever comes back. Who would come back? Only a very stupid person would come back. So it's catch and release. I ended that. You think that was easy to end that,it was not easy, it was not easy, sounds easy, but it wasn't. It's ended. And he wants to make every community into a sanctuary city for violent criminals.

Donald Trump: No, thank you. [Audience booing] The Biden-Harris plan -- and you've had a lot of problems with your sanctuary cities and you've had a lot of crime because of your sa -- and a lot of death with your sanctuary cities and city. The Biden-Harris plan would also increase refugees 700%from the most dangerous places in the world that was done with Crazy Bernie, right?

Donald Trump: That was the manifesto. I call it the manifesto. They agreed to the 700% increase. They pledged to terminate all national security travel bans, which I got. I got a travel ban. Remember they said you'd never get it approved? I got it approved. And now if somebody hates us, if they hate us from a different part of the world, we say, I'm sorry, you cannot come in. That makes sense, doesn't it. They'll open the floodgates to radical Islamic terrorism.

Donald Trump: They'll be heading -- they took place in France just a few days ago is a horrifying reminder that we have to be vigilant and I sent our regards and our sympathies to France and to their President. Macron, who's a terrific guy who's working very hard. I'm keeping the terrorists jihadists and violent extremists the hell out of our country if that's OK with you.

Donald Trump: And I will never say it because it's not good to say it. And I'm not knocking on nice, beautiful wood because I can tell it's ours because it's -- they spend a lot of money on building these things, but you haven't seen too much happening on that front, have you, huh?You noticed? OK. We'll keep your eyes, keep your eyes open, OK. Keep your eyes open, because I'd love to do something, just keep your eyes open, but there's a reason for things not happening also.

Donald Trump: We invested $2.5 trillion in the US military. And as you all know defense spending in North Carolina has soared. Made in the USA, they're all made in the USA. And for our great veterans,we passed V.A. CHOICE and V.A. Accountability. [Audience cheering] Nobody thought that was ever going to happen. We killed the leader of ISIS, al-Baghdadi.

Donald Trump: [Audience cheering] And we took out the mass murder of American troops. Soleimani is dead. [Audience cheering] I went through from the last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear deal one -- How about this, $150 billion for nothing? And don't forget 1.8 billion in cash. Many airplanes loaded up with cash.

Donald Trump: I recognize the true capital of Israel and open the American embassy in Jerusalem. [Audience cheering] I also recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights. Fifty-two years they worked on that. We got it done in two hours physically. Fifty-two years. And instead of never-ending wars, we are forging peace in the Middle East without blood, all over the sand.

Donald Trump: Just signed up another country today. Iran doesn't want to let me win, China doesn't want to let me win, they want me to be defeated so badly. And the swamp doesn't want to let me win because I am fighting for you. I'm fighting for you. The first call, I'll get after we win, the first call I get will be from Iran saying let's make a deal because you talk about an economy.

Donald Trump: Their economy, GDP down 27%, nobody's ever even heard of it. A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for all American. [Audience cheering] So in conclusion, we're all about the American dream, you know we're about the American dream. Abraham Lincoln was a Republican.

Donald Trump: We have to say that, honestly. Over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world and we will end our reliance on China once and for all. It's already happening. [Audience cheering] We will hire more police, increase penalties for assaults on law enforcement, and we will ban deadly sanctuary cities.

Donald Trump: [Audience cheering] We will uphold religious liberty, free speech, and the right to keep and bear arms, Second Amendment. [Audience cheering] And remember Joe Biden is going to take away your Second Amendment. [Audience booing] They're going to take it away. Don't even think about it. We will strike down terrorists who threaten our cities and we will keep America out of these ridiculous, absolutely crazy foreign wars.

Donald Trump: We will do it. Countries you've never even heard of. We will maintain America's unrivaled military might and we will ensure peace through strength. That's what we have right now. [Audience cheering] And the equipment that we built is the greatest anywhere in the world. Russia, China, North Korea, everybody, we are the envy, nobody has equipment like us; missiles, rockets, tanks, submarines, ships, fighter jets, beautiful, beautiful, the best stuff anywhere in the world.

Donald Trump: Hydrostatic missiles, seven times faster than anything else, seven times, they go rather quickly. And we've totally redone our nuclear and hope to God all of it, hope to God, we never have to use any of it, that's all. But you know, because it's now redone, you know, remember I got here and a highly overrated general said, Sir, we have no ammunition.

Donald Trump: I said that should never happen to a President again but hope to God this equipment never has to be used, but nobody has it like us. And you know the reason it may never be used is because we have it. If we didn't have it, we may have very big problems. We could have had very big problems. We got it done, made in the USA. We will end it surprised medical billing.

Donald Trump: Require price transparency already done, already signed, kicks in on January 1st, that's a big thing. That's gonna be bigger, price -- Please remember, price transparency, bigger than health care, when you see this. A lot of people aren't too happy with what I did there. Further reduce the cost of prescription drugs.

Donald Trump: Favored nations, we're gonna get the lowest in the world. And we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions. Always. America will land the first woman in the moon and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education to our schools.

Donald Trump: [Audience cheering] We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag. [Audience chanting "USA"] And we will live by the timeless words of our national motto: In God We Trust. For years you had a President who apologized for America and now you have a President who is standing up for America and standing up for the great people of North Carolina.

Donald Trump: [Audience cheering] Standing up for North Carolina. But we have the most important election in our history. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get your co-workers, get your boss, reap them out of the seat, and get out and vote. [Audience cheering] Got to get out and vote. From Asheville, we'll be there soon, to Charlotte, from Wilmington to Raleigh, and from Greensboro to right here in Gastonia, we stand on the shoulders of red-blooded American patriots who poured out their hearts, sweat, and soul to secure our liberty and defend our freedom.

Donald Trump: Our brave American ancestors crossed the oceans, blazed the trail, settle the continent, tame the wilderness, dug out the Panama Canal, laid down the railroads, raised up the great skyscrapers, won two World Wars, defeated fascism and communism, and made America the single greatest nation in the history of the world.

Donald Trump: And you haven't seen anything yet. [Audience cheering] Proud citizens like you helped build this country and together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people. That's what happened four years ago. With your help, your devotion and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning.

Donald Trump: [Audience cheering] We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God and together with the incredible people of North Carolina, we have made America powerful again, our military, we have made America wealthy again, our stock market, your 401(k)s, your 401(k)s are booming. We have made America strong again.

Donald Trump: We have made America proud again. We have made America safe again and we will make America great again. Thank you. North Carolina go out and vote. [Audience cheering] Thank you. Go and vote. Thank you very much.