Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-campaign-rally-lititz-pennsylvania-october-26-2020

Donald Trump: Thank you. This is a big crowd. That's a lot of people. That's a lot of people let's see here. Early in the day -- That's a lot of people. They've got themselves a big, big surprise coming, don't they huh? It's like four years ago, except now we've done it all so now you know. You know before I'd come in and say, "We're going to do this.

Donald Trump: We're going to give you tax cuts. We're going to rebuild your military. We're going to give you regulation cuts, the biggest in history." But now we've done it all so now you know.  It's not just talk. The others all talk, no action. This is not talk. We've done it. We've done so much. Hello, Pennsylvania.

Donald Trump: Eight days from now, we are going to win the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and we're going to win four more great years in the White House. Our opponent, sleepy Joe Biden, you heard it the other night at the debate. Did anybody see the debate? That's where he said that there will be no fracking, right? No energy.

Donald Trump: How about a million jobs from Pennsylvania? Forget about it.  His agenda is one of doom and gloom and depression and despair. He's right now locked in his basement. He's put the lid on. You know the lid on the garbage can. That's what they [Inaudible]. Somebody said he's going to make his way out. You know he sees we had a tremendous crowd before.

Donald Trump: We have another one of these and you know those -- Well, I love you too. I don't know who she is, but she sounds very nice. She sounds very nice. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.  No, no, he saw what went on two hours ago at another location in Pennsylvania and he said, "We better get out." I don't think he said it.

Donald Trump: His people said, his handlers they said, "Listen, Sleepy Joe, we got to get you out of the basement." So they just announced, you know this morning they announced they're putting the lid. You know the lid? And I hear it's for five days, five days. That's 50% of the campaign. Now but they just announced we had a tremendous, I mean just a lot of love, right?

Donald Trump: And they just announced he's leaving to make his speech. You know where he's going to make it? In Delaware. He always makes it in Delaware.  About three minutes from his basement. They got to get him out. That's why. They got to get him out. They see what's happening. You know our polls are through the roof and the fake news.

Donald Trump: Look at all those people there. They don't like to report it. They don't like to report it. Our agenda is one of unlimited optimism, opportunity, growth, patriotism, prosperity, and true American pride. That's what we have. That's what we have. You heard him the other night. "This is going to be a dark winter." No, it's not going to be a dark winter.

Donald Trump: It's going to be a great winter. It's got to to be a great spring.  For the last half century, Joe Biden's been outsourcing your jobs right here in Pennsylvania. You were one of the biggest victims of it. Opening your borders and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. They just never ended.

Donald Trump: Countries you've never even heard of. And we're bringing them all back. Our boys and young women are coming all back. Now Biden is trying to ban fracking. You heard it the other night. Oh, it was so nice. He almost made it through the debate. I was a little surprised. Wasn't great, but he was fine. And then we talk the energy question and he forgot.

Donald Trump: He forgot.  Now we want to wean ourselves off energy. Oh, that's not so good. And I said, "Texas, are you listening?" Pennsylvania, are you listening? Now he's going to ban fracking because he has no choice. His party wants to ban it. He's going to ban fracking and deliver an economic death sentence for Pennsylvania, and for many other places in our country.

Donald Trump: And frankly, it affects not just places that frack and oil territory. You know who it affects? Everybody having to do with paying an energy bill. How about the $2.00 gasoline for your car?

Donald Trump: That's not bad. Right? Remember? Remember what it used to be? 5.50, and nobody, uh, saw an end in sight. We, uh -- We have it to two, and even sometimes below. At the same time, we saved our great companies, our energy. We're number one in the world now. By far, number one in the world. And Pennsylvania is a big, big part of it.

Donald Trump: In last week's debate, Joe Biden confirmed his plan to abolish the entire U.S. oil industry. I said, "You mean no more oil, Joe?" "Well, that's what I mean." [Audience boos] I felt like Perry Mason. Do you ever watch Perry Mason? That last little -- It was always the last minute. "I did it. I did it. Yes, I did it." I was Perry Mason. "No oil, Joe?" She even said, "Why did you say that?" Right?

Donald Trump: Kristen, who was very good. Actually, I thought she was good. A lot of people thought she was tough. I thought she was very good. I thought she was good. I mean, considering that it was sort of supposed to be two-on-one, from Day 1. Right? But we've had that -- We've had that from the beginning. Haven't we?

Donald Trump: Huh? And here we are. Here we are. No. I thought she was good. But she said that. Right? She said, "Why did you say that? Why?" And that's when he really got into trouble. That means no fracking, no natural gas, no jobs, no energy for Pennsylvania families. He will irradiate your energy and send Pennsylvania into a crippling Depression, and that's what you'll have.

Donald Trump: If this guy gets in, with the biggest tax cuts in -- He -- Look, I gave you the biggest tax cuts in history. He wants to give you the biggest tax increase in history. He wants to raise your taxes by the most ever. Think of this. All of my life, I've been watching politicians. "We will give you a tax cut." "We will cut your taxes." "We will cut them.

Donald Trump: We will cut them." This guy is running against me. "We will raise your taxes." Who the hell ever heard of that? I never heard of it. Uh! This could only happen to me. And then you have Biden's running mate. How about her? Kamala. Kamala. [Audience boos] She's considered America's, by far, most liberal Senator.

Donald Trump: She's more liberal than Crazy Bernie. Can you believe it? Even sponsored the 100 Trillion Dollar Green New Deal, which will [Laughs] destroy our country. [Audience boos] Totally destroy. No planes, no cars, no cows. Right? No cows. Cows are next. They took it out, but only temporarily. They don't -- They don't like cattle of any kind.

Donald Trump: And it's a plan for economic suicide. 100 Trillion. If our country did great, every year, for 100 years, we'd lose a fortune at 100 Trillion. You can't make that much, no matter how well we did. If everything was going on all 12 cylinders, 100 -- Made up by A.O.C. plus three. A great student of the environment.

Donald Trump: I don't think she ever took an environmental course in college. She did go to college. Right? But I don't -- A.O.C. plus three. I heard she was very upset that I was calling her, A.O.C. plus three. Three is her friends. Her three friends, that know less than she knows. Joe Biden is a die hard globalist, who wiped out your steel mills, closed down your factories, killed your coal jobs, outsourced your industries and supported every horrible, terrible, ridiculous trade deal for over a half a century.

Donald Trump: Think of it. 47 years plus. He was a cheerleader for NAFTA, the worst trade deal ever made, and I ended it. Remember, I used to say, "We're going to end it," and everyone smiled. They said, "Hey, look. Give it a shot." I got it done. Nobody thought I could get that done. And USMCA just kicked in, and it's incredible for our country.

Donald Trump: Less for their countries, but that's okay. They're happy, sort of. Not too happy. He enthusiastically noted for China's entry into the World Trade Organization. That was beginning -- That was the beginning of the China rise. That was a disaster. They were flat-lined for years and years, and then bump. Thank you very much, Joe.

Donald Trump: I appreciate it, Joe. Joe and others, decimating your manufacturing and enriching China at your expense. You know that. You know that China's considered a third world country, and for purposes of that, it's considered a developing country, so they have all sorts of advantages over us in this horrible, horrible World Trade Organization.

Donald Trump: But we just won a $7.5 billion lawsuit because they know I'll pull so fast out of that mess, that is such an unfair deal, and all of a sudden we're winning, all of a sudden we're winning cases. $7.5 billion. $7.5 billion, they're not too happy about it. No, but think of it, they're considered a developing nation, and I said, "So?

Donald Trump: We're a developing nation." We're developing, they're developing, we're developing. They get big advantages. Nobody ever said, Obama never said anything, Sleep Joe never said that, I'm the one that figured it out, I said, "How come they're getting all these great deals?" "Well sir, they're considered a developing nation, whereas the United States is considered developed." I said, "We're not developed.

Donald Trump: You've got to be kidding me, we're not developed." We want to be a developing nation also, and so we're having a big dispute, World Trade. And how about the, well, World Health, right? So we were paying $500 million a year, China was paying $39 million a year, China had more access and more power within the, uh, uh, the realm than we did.

Donald Trump: So I said, "Let me ask you a question," number one, they were wrong on almost everything. I don't want to knock them, but they were wrong on the pandemic, they were, called a lot of shots wrong, almost everything. They were in China's pocket. I said, "Just out of curiosity, let's get down to dollars, why are we, 325 million people, why are we paying $500 million and why is China paying $39 million?

Donald Trump: And China has more power within than we do." So if you don't mind, I withdrew from the World Trade, from the World Health. From World Health. I withdrew from World Health, and I promise you one thing, if we ever go back, we can go back for much less money, that I can tell you. You don't pay $500. No, but seriously, so they have 1.5 billion people, they're paying $39 million, right?

Donald Trump: We have 325 million, we're paying $500 million. Other than that, it's a wonderful transaction. I say, "Oh, we have hundreds," I could talk to you all day about it. I, we have hundreds of things just like that. Pennsylvania lost 50% of its manufacturing jobs after Biden's NAFTA and this China disaster that we signed. [Audience boos] And decade after decade, vote after vote, Biden betrayed Pennsylvania, he betrayed our country through sheer stupidity.

Donald Trump: Even his Secretary of State, who was also Secretary of Defense, said, "He never made the right decision on foreign events, on foreign deals, on foreign anything. He never made the right decision on economics." The guy doesn't know what the hell he's doing, do you finally understand this? He repeatedly tried to cut Social Security and Medicare, you know? [Audience boos] I think we have a, course a hell of a lot of money, we're only doing this for very important groups.

Donald Trump: See that screen up there? Cost a lot of money. Look at these cranes over there holding up the flags. I wonder -- I hope they're being donated by the crane company -- for the good publicity they're going to get, but that's a lot of power holding up the flags. But you know what? Our flag deserves a lot of power, doesn't it? [Audience chants "USA"] Now after years of economic treachery, Sleepy Joe Biden wants to ban fracking.

Donald Trump: And that's what he is, what's when we have the tapes. [Audience boos] Remember he said, "Oh play the tape." This guy went for a full year, "We will ban fracking. We will ban fracking." Like 100 times, I could have this thing running for hours, I'll just show you a couple. When it goes on, Cecile B. DeMille, when it goes on, right?

Donald Trump: I'll just show you a couple. But he went for a whole year, "We will ban fracking. Ban fracking." Then he got lucky, Elizabeth Warren decided that she wanted to hurt her, you know, her person where the philosophies are the same, so she stated -- Think of it, Elizabeth Pocahontas Warren -- she would've, she -- All she had to do is get out before Super Tuesday and Joe would not have won any state, right?

Donald Trump: Wouldn't have won a state. She took the votes away from crazy Bernie. And you know, Bernie is the best sportsman I've ever seen. He loses all the time -- and he's happy. Goes back into Congress, "Ha ha ha ha." Is Bernie running again in four year? Does anyone know? The press, look, I'll ask the fake news.

Donald Trump: Well, they'll give you a fake answer. [Audience boos] No, it's true. He's a, he's a tremendous loser. [Audience boos] He is a tremendous loser. But he did us some big favors. You know we had a lotta Bernie's people come with us last time because they agree with me on trade. They couldn't have done what we did but they know that we were being taken advantage of by foreign countries, many of whom are allies.

Donald Trump: You know, they keep saying, "We don't treat our allies right." Well, they don't treat us right either. Gotta remember that. They don't treat us right. You don't have to take my word about his record. Just take a look at this magnificent tape that we made for you, for the people of Pennsylvania. And it really pertains to you so much.

Donald Trump: Go ahead. [Begin Video Clip]

Joe Biden: [Video] My problem is I voted for NAFTA. I'm supporting NAFTA because I think it is a positive thing to do and I do not pretend to be an expert on, uh, international trade matters.

Unidentified: [Video] When you ran for president and when Barack Obama ran for president you both said you would renegotiate NAFTA. You didn't.

Bernie Sanders: [Video] Trade agreements like NAFTA and permanent normal trade relations with China which forced American workers to compete against people making pennies an hour has resulted in the loss of 160 thousand jobs.

Unidentified: [Video] The president is absolutely right when he says that China has been cheating for 25 years and that Bill Clinton do -- didn't do enough about it, George W. Bush didn't do enough about it, Barack Obama didn't do enough about it.

Barack Obama: [Video] What, how exactly are you going to negotiate that? What magic wand to you have?

Joe Biden: [Video] A rising China is an incredibly positive development for not only China but the United States and the rest of the world. A rising China is a positive, positive development. It is in our self-interest that China continue to prosper. We want to see China rise. China's a great nation and we should hope for the continued expansion.

Joe Biden: [Video] China is not our enemy. We talk about China as our competitor. We should be helping. The idea that China is gonna eat our lunch is bizarre. The idea that they are our competition, they're gonna beat us is bizarre. China is going to eat our lunch, come on, man. They're not bad folks, folks. China is not a problem.

Unidentified: [Video] Allowing China into the World Trade Organization, which you supported, extending most favored nation status to China, which you supported, th -- those steps allowed China to take advantage of the United States by using our own open trade deals against us.

Joe Biden: [Video] No, look --

Unidentified: [Video] You think in retrospect that you were naïve about China?

Joe Biden: [Video] No.

Donald Trump: [Video] Today we're finally ending the NAFTA nightmare and signing into law the brand new US, Mexico, Canada agreement. Very special.

Unidentified: [Video] Listen it's hard to overstate the importance of the USMCA. Uh, this is the single biggest bipartisan legislative victory for this president and this administration. It is a huge deal. Wage growth is better than it has been since 2009. That means that it is better than it has been for seven out of eight of the years that Obama was president.

Donald Trump: [Video] The new USMCA has powerful protections to keep auto manufacturing jobs. Since the election we've created 41 thousand brand new motor vehicle and parts jobs.

Unidentified: [Video] But doesn't he deserve some credit for that? It's better, the USMCA is better than NAFTA.

Joe Biden: [Video] It is better than NAFTA.

Unidentified: [Video] [Crosstalk] Biden to respond.

Joe Biden: [Video] I have never said I oppose fracking.

Donald Trump: [Video] Y -- You said it on tape.

Joe Biden: [Video] I, I did -- Show the tape. Put it on your website.

Donald Trump: [Video] I'll put it on.

Joe Biden: [Video] Put it on the website.

Unidentified: [Video] Would there be any place for fossil fuels, including coal and fracking in a Biden administration?

Joe Biden: [Video] No, I, w -- w -- w -- we would, we would work it out. We would make sure it's eliminated. I guarantee you we're gonna end fossil fuel. No more, no new fracking. I'd gradually move away from fracking.

Kamala Harris: [Video] And I think it's critically important on day one that we end any fossil fuel leases on public land.

Unidentified: [Video] [Inaudible] what about [Inaudible] stopping fracking and stopping --

Joe Biden: [Video] Yeah.

Unidentified: [Video] -- pipeline and --

Joe Biden: [Video] Yeah, yeah.

Unidentified: [Video] -- infrastructure and --

Joe Biden: [Video] [Crosstalk] pipelines.

Unidentified: [Video] And, and --

Joe Biden: [Video] They wanna do the same thing I wanna do. They wanna faze out fossil fuels and we're gonna faze out fossil fuels.

Kamala Harris: [Video] There's no question I'm in favor of banning fracking.

Unidentified: [Video] I have one final question --

Donald Trump: [Video] Would he close down the oil industry? [Crosstalk]

Unidentified: [Video] [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: [Video] Or would you close down the auto industry?

Joe Biden: [Video] I would transition from the oil industry, yes.

Donald Trump: [Video] Oh, that's a --

Joe Biden: [Video] I would transition.

Donald Trump: [Video] -- a big statement.

Joe Biden: [Video] That is a big statement.

Donald Trump: [Video] In terms of business, that's the biggest statement.

Unidentified: [Video] Okay --

Donald Trump: [Video] Because basically --

Unidentified: [Video] -- we have one final question, Mr President --

Donald Trump: [Video] -- what he's saying is he is going to destroy the oil industry. Will you remember that, Texas?

Unidentified: [Video] Okay --

Donald Trump: [Video] Will you remember that Pennsylvania, Oklahoma?

Unidentified: [Video] [[Inaudible]]

Donald Trump: [End Video Clip] [Audience chants "Four more years"] Goodbye Pennsylvania. Thank you very much. Make sure you vote properly now [Inaudible]. I don't, what do I have to speak about, okay? He's going to destroy your economy. I mean, he said it. And then he says, you know, he lies.

Donald Trump: He goes and says for year, there will be no frack then he goes and he says there will be fracking, because he comes here. Somebody explains it, you have a million jobs in fracking. And he goes, "Oh, I didn't know that. Oh, uh, well, I never said that." For a year he said it many, many times. We only put four or five versions of it up.

Donald Trump: We could have had a, we could have kept you here all day. By the way Barack Hussein Obama showed up too. You know how many people he's drawing at these rallies? Like he's drawing flies, flies. 20, 30, 40. Not quite this crowd. Oh, did you see the other day? You see the other day, Mister Congressman, a great congressman, we had, he had 41 people, but the press never shows that.

Donald Trump: They show him speaking. [Audience boos] Now with me, I want the opposite. I want them to show this crowd, you know, in the middle of the day, on a Monday. On a beautiful, raining, [Laughs], I mean, it's amazing, right? Middle of the day, it's incredible. But no, he has 41 people. They had 22 people. And he gets up, and then they say, "Oh, he's so rhetorically good." I never thought he was a good speaker, personally.

Donald Trump: I really never thought. Then the say, "He's so handsome. He's so handsome." Oh, okay. All right. But they don't want to show you, you know what they don't want to show? They don't want to show his crowd. They don't want to show the crowd. And you know what they don't want to show this crowd for the exact opposite reason, because this is amazing.

Donald Trump: And you know what? Honestly, no matter where we go, Wisconsin, Ohio, North Carolina, we have crowds. Nobody's ever seen crowds. In the history of politics, there has -- And I say it, knowing that, oh, they'll change it. In the history of politics, and you know, we have Pennsylvania Dutch. Don't tell anyone.

Donald Trump: You know, they, uh, they're great people. They're great people, but they're not known for going out and voting for whatever reason. Don't tell anybody, but the Pennsylvania Dutch are voting en masse. They're voting. I heard that the other day. They said, "We can't have a man who sleeps." They har-, they work hard.

Donald Trump: We can't have a guy that sleeps all day in a basement, and we can't -- We like Trump. We like Trump. That's great. Thank you. A little relationship there, you know, a long time ago, a little relationship there. Hard workers, incredible craftsmen. You've done work for me over the years. I'll tell you, they can throw up a barn in about two days.

Donald Trump: They can throw it up and they use the wooden cogs. They don't use the screw, because they want to make everything themselves, right? And that is the most beautiful place. Really, you do great work. Thank you very much. We appreciate it. In 2016, Pennsylvania voted to fire this corrupt, far left, political establishment and you elected an outsider as president who is finally putting America first, okay?

Donald Trump: With your vote, we will continue to fight for American workers. Nobody's ever fought harder. Lower drug prices. I instituted a Favored Nations clause that drug companies do not like me. You're going to have a 60%, 70%, 80% drop in drugs. You know last year was the first year in 52 years that drug prices went down.

Donald Trump: They went down very little, but they went down, 52 years, but that's the peanut stuff. The big stuff is Favored Nations. They are not happy. Big pharma, the most powerful, you know, lobbyist, they spend money like it's water. They are spending more money on me right now then sleepy Joe and commercials, big pharma, because we pay the highest prices in the world.

Donald Trump: And I said, "I want a Favored Nations where we matched, we match now the lowest country in the world." So we go from the highest to the lowest, because I instituted something that nobody thought anybody would ever do. And they want to make a deal. You know, they all get paid like $35 million a year. They're very smart.

Donald Trump: I used to say, "I'm going to, if you don't cut your drug prices, I'm going to institute Favored Nations." "Oh, we don't mind that, sir. We don't mind that. We don't mind that." When I did it, they went crazy. They're good poker players, but they want to make a deal, so let's see. Maybe we'll make a deal, maybe we won't. But in the meantime, you have Favored Nations.

Donald Trump: I'm telling you, I see the great Jeffery Lord there. Is that Jeffery Lord? You're going to drop Jeffery, formerly of CNN. And then he became a Trump guy and CNN said, "We got to get this guy off. We got to get him the hell out of there." You look good, Jeffrey, you look good. He's been a great guy, actually.

Donald Trump: He was, he was in a hostile territory for a long time. But he knew what was right. He always knew what was right. Thank you very much, Jeffrey. We want to support our police, protect our great Second Amendment, defend our borders, and ensure more products are proudly stamped with that beautiful phrase, "Made in the USA." We're doing that.

Donald Trump: Remember when I campaigned four years ago? I said "We will be saying Merry Christmas again." We do, we do. What? Remember? The department stores, they didn't like Merry Christmas, that was not politically correct. Oh, yeah? We, they learned. And they'd say Happy New Year, and they'd have their card in the snow and the whole thing, but they wouldn't say Merry Christmas.

Donald Trump: They were all saying Merry Christmas again. That's the way we have it. I told you that. We will deliver record prosperity, epic job growth and a safe vaccine that quickly ends the pandemic, which is ending with or without -- And We have the vaccines, they are going to be very -- Nobody would have them, it would be years before you had them.

Donald Trump: What I did with FDA and FDA's been terrific, but it was called a slightly speedier process, okay? Totally safe. We will have the vaccine like, momentarily and we're all set to distribute it before the end of the year, maybe substantially before. But it's going good. But we are going to get ourselves back to normal life, I said normal life.

Donald Trump: Where we were seven months ago, we had the greatest economy in the world. We had the greatest economy in the world, we want to get back to exactly that. And we're on a super V right now, you see the numbers. The housing numbers, the automobile numbers, all of the numbers, the way they're coming back at a level that nobody's -- the job numbers. 11.4 million jobs in a short period of time.

Donald Trump: We will be back very quickly, we'll never forget what China did to us. That was no, we will never, ever forget. You know, I signed a great trade deal with China, they ordered the largest, it's the largest order of corn, the largest order of soy beans, beef, cattle, ever a few weeks ago. It's because they want to keep us happy, they want to keep us happy.

Donald Trump: You know what? We're not happy, we're not happy. What they did to us, they could have stopped it. They stopped it from going into China, the rest of China. Wuhan and they stopped it, but they didn't stop it from going out to the world, that includes us and Europe and every other place, 188 countries, they didn't. Next year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: You see it all happening. And watch, you know Pennsylvania's a late voting state, by the way. You know, you vote late and I love that, I love that. I like voting late because you can see what we're doing. We've done an incredible job with a lot of different things. But you're going to hae a GDP number, the Atlanta Fed said, now the highest I think was 8%, 9%. It was not, you know, it was high.

Donald Trump: They projected 35% increase in GDP, nobody's ever had that. I'll take 25% right now, okay? They projected a 35 -- And that number will come out on November 1st, right before the election. So if you'd like to wait, everybody here is sure about Trump, but if you happen to be a little bit, uh, nervous, just wait.

Donald Trump: And we're going to have a 35% or a 25%, but it's going to be magnificent because we are doing great. It's the greatest comeback anywhere in the world, economically. And we went down the least of any country in the world, so remember that. I gave working families record setting tax cuts, largest tax cuts in history.

Donald Trump: And on my second term I will cut middle class taxes even more. We're cutting the middle income taxes very substantially, we're doing another cut. And what it does, you know, to be honest, it brings more business, it brings more jobs. You have to see, in terms of what we did for business, companies are pouring into the United States.

Donald Trump: Joe wants to take all of the regulations that we took off -- 20 years to build a highway with environmental and all, 20 years -- no, they want to take them and they want to put them all back. Now we have it down to two years to build a highway and it could be one. But, and it may be that you don't build it because of, uh, environmental or safety and that's okay.

Donald Trump: But you're going to know fast, right? You're going to know fast. And you will build it, but you're going to know fast. 20 years, we have much worse than 20 years. We have highways that have taken 21, 22, 23 years and then never got approved. How about that? You go work on something for most of your adult life.

Donald Trump: And then they reject it at some environmental board, three to two. Now we're going to do it in a year. We're getting it down to a number that's and by the way, it's going to be much less expensive, much better.

Donald Trump: We have highways. It started as a straight road from here to here that ended up like this, that caused a hundred times more, much more because it took so many years and we're not doing that anymore. We'll put it in. We'll either get it approved or not get it approved. It's a big impact. That's one of the reasons that our foundations are so strong.

Donald Trump: That's one of the reasons that we can make a comeback. Nobody else can make it come back like us. We have the greatest country in the world. [Audience chants "USA"] Thank you. Thank you. So we gave you the biggest tax cut in history by far and Biden is proposing the biggest tax hike in history, which will, that will lead to a depression like you've never seen.

Donald Trump: this is a terrible thing, by the way, this is the most important election in the history of our country. Remember that. Because you have a radical left movement that wants to make us say large scale, very large scale version of Venezuela, where so many other countries with the same philosophy. And It can happen.

Donald Trump: You know, 18 years ago, Venezuela was a very rich, beautiful, powerful place. Now they don't have food. They don't have water. They don't have medicine. They have nothing, nothing. They have oil. It's worthless. The whole thing is like what's happened. This would be a very, very large scale version of the same thing.

Donald Trump: And it can happen when you see these people and what they want to do. It's the same thing. It's all the same thing. It doesn't matter the size when much bigger, but it'll happen. We can't let it happen. This is the most important. I never thought I'd say it because what we did altogether, most of you are with us four years ago.

Donald Trump: Nobody thought that anything could ever be more important as an election than that. This is now the most important election we've ever had. It's a choice between a Trump super recovery and a Biden depression. And it will be a depression. It's a choice between a Trump boom and a Biden lockdown. He wants to lock down the country, you know what I mean.

Donald Trump: We understand the disease. We have to take care of our older, wonderful people. Our elderly, especially if they have heart problems, diabetes problem in particular different problems. And we do that. But look, I mean, I got it and I'm here, right? I'm here. Wait, we have great medicines now. Great, great, therapeutics and first lady got it.

Donald Trump: And she's doing great, but you know, you don't know who else got it? Barren. My very tall son. Got it. He's definitely tall. He's very young. He's very tall and he's strong. And you know, the doctor said to Sarah," I hear to Baron has tested positive." I said, "Tested positive for what?" And they go "Corona." They go, "You know, there's about 30 different names, right for this." I call it the China virus. 'Cause that's where it came from.

Donald Trump: The China plague. Now Barren has tested and I said, wow, that's too bad. Well, he's going to be good. So 99.9, right. 99.9. So I said, "How you feeling Barren? Good. Why? What's the problem? He didn't even," he said the doctor, like two minutes later, "how's Barren doing?" he's okay, sir. He's fine. I said, what do you mean?

Donald Trump: He's fine. It's gone. The young kids, they have a strong immune system. I've gained such respect for them. They have a much stronger system than we do, whether we like it or not. So it's one of those things, but we have to do that. And it's incredible, but we will, we have made such strides. It's absolutely an amazing thing.

Donald Trump: What we've done in a period of seven months, because you know, I'm the president of the United. Thank you very much. I'm the president of the United States. I can't lock myself in the basement of the white house. I can't, I can't lock myself in a beautiful bedroom in the white house upstairs. I can't do it.

Donald Trump: I can't do it because we have things to do. We have people to meet and I'll have meetings. Sometimes I'd have meetings with a lot of people that were pretty much unavoidable. If you're the press, I mean, you can go and just lock yourself away. You can't do that. And I'd leave those meetings. And I'd say, even with gold star families, you know, they're looking forward for months and months and they lost their son or their daughter or their husband or their wife.

Donald Trump: And he can't cancel that. And I say, boy, and I'm not referring to that. Many of the meetings I'd have and I'd say "That's a little risky." Right? that's a little risky. And then one day you get it and that's okay. You get better. We have such great, I think, cures. Regeneron, I mean, to me that was like a cure.

Donald Trump: I don't know, maybe it would've been fine without it. But let's say I didn't want to take a chance, you know, if I have my choice. I'll do whatever's -- I often tell though, I tell the story about, you know, when you're president you have a lot of doctors. And I had 12. And the best. These great -- I have Sean from the White House doctors, fantastic, he really is.

Donald Trump: They're great talented people. And Walter, the Walter Reed Hospital is incredible. I see what they do to our young, incredible soldiers that come back with horrific injuries and they, they do a job. And Johns Hopkins, I'm sitting in bed and I'm saying "I don't feel so good doctors." And they say, uh, I say, "Where are you all from?" And I get a list of those, who of the world, right, these 12 guys.

Donald Trump: And they each -- He says -- [Laughs]. And they each -- Thank you very much. I think that's a compliment. But they each have like a specialty, and I'm sitting around, and I'm sitting around, I'm laying there and I wanna get the hell out but I'm not feeling the best I've ever felt. I haven't been used to that.

Donald Trump: And all of a sudden hands go all over my body. I've got these 12 guys, they examine every part of your body you wouldn't believe it. I said "Get the hell out outta here, I wanna get outta here." But I took Regeneron, and the next morning I felt like Superman. I felt boom. Boom. I said "I gotta get back! I gotta get back." You don't want a president that's laying in the hospital.

Donald Trump: Saying "Ahhh, we gotta get back". Right? And people get back. 99.9, I mean, you know. And, this state has to open up. This state. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, you gotta get it open. You have a governor who, who by the way has made it -- A governor named Wolf. I remember, I remember. You know my last site -- He got them to close it up.

Donald Trump: We've had a lot of problem getting sites. They believe in freedom of speech of course, but we've had a lot of problems with this guy. Because you know the last one, we had to move around different sites, he was watching, they don't wanna, they don't want us to speak. And this is the guy who's in charge of ballots, right?

Donald Trump: In this state. So what do you think he's gonna do with the ballots, right? And this is the guy that we just sued because they don't want to have poll watches, in Philadelphia. So, why don't they want to have poll watches? What's wrong with people watching the votes? They don't have, They don't want to have poll watchers.

Donald Trump: If Joe Biden and the democrat socialists are elected, they will delay the vaccine, delay the therapies, prolong the pandemic and close your schools, and shut down your country. I hate to say it. You are shut down anyway, Pennsylvania. Pennsylvania you're gonna have to either get a new governor or he's gonna have to open it up.

Donald Trump: Don't worry, on November 4, on November 4, he will announce "We have decided to open up Pennsylvania." No, that's true. I had the same thing in Michigan. We actually sued Michigan and the constitution, they opened it up, they said it's unconstitutional, what she was doing. She was running it like a prison camp.

Donald Trump: Except for one person, who was it? Her husband. Her husband gets caught going out boating, and all sorts of stuff. He was the only one that was allowed to do whatever he wanted. But, no, she ran it to -- It was terrible what was happening in Michigan. And by the way we're up in Michigan, we're leading, I-, I have here, I have here -- And the only reason I'm doing this, remember I used to do it all the time four years -- and I gotta start doing it again, cause they give you fake poll numbers.

Donald Trump: So, Rasmussen, which was very accurate, great poll, had us at 53 and 52, we're at 52%. History says that at 52% you don't lose, right? We're at 52%, they don't want to report it. You know, any poll that comes out positive, they don't put it on. I've been told by pollsters, "Why don't you get it out? It's a great poll." "Sir, we do get it out, they will not report it." These people are the most dishonest people.

Donald Trump: So, we're at eight different polls. We're leading in Nevada, we're leading big in Texas, you don't hear that. We're leading big in Ohio, remember you must win Ohio. In fact I hear they left Ohio, they've given up Ohio. We're leading big in Ohio. Jim Jordan he's a good guy, right? Jim. [Inaudible]. We're leading by four points in Florida, you didn't hear that, did you?

Donald Trump: We're leading by infinity in Utah, and West Virginia we're leading by forget it, I won't even -- We're leading by a lot in Utah, we're leading by 20 points in West Virginia, 20. In Georgia, we're leading by four points, and I think it's much more. By the way, four points, and then we have Jeffrey Wright, the hidden voter.

Donald Trump: A lot of you people are hidden voters. They'll say, "Who are you voting for?" "Just leave me alone." That's what happened, remember? They thought that I lost because the exit polls, and people would ask about, you know, they're coming out, most in history. By the way, the most in history that leave the poll.

Donald Trump: They voted, four years ago, and they'd say, "Who did you vote for?", you know, these arrogant stupid people, "Who did you vote for?" "It's none of your business." So, they'd mark it a blank, and then another one, "Who'd you vote for?" Some of them would say, "I voted for Hilary Clinton. Is that okay?" And they didn't, they voted for me.

Donald Trump: They said, "I voted for crooked Hilary Clinton. Okay? Is that all right?" So they'd say, "Okay, Hilary Clinton. Who did you vote for?" "None of your business." There's another word, there's another two words that are much more effective, "Who'd you vote for?" "Mmm mmm." But I won't say it, if I do that the campaign is over.

Donald Trump: Right? She's saying, "Don't say it, please sir. I promise. I've learned. I've learned. We can't even kid, with these guys we can't kid. It's a lot of them though, they are a lot of them on a rainy day in Pennsylvania, middle of the day. So, so, what happened, is I was told, a number of people called, "Sir, I'm sorry to tell you that it's looking very, very bad.", "Wow.

Donald Trump: Why?" And I had gotten home from Michigan, made a speech at one o'clock in the morning [Inaudible], and so it's election day with 32 000 people and she had made a speech, primetime, 7 o'clock, and she had 500. I say, "Why are we gonna lose Michigan?" Hadn't been won in decades by a republican. I said, "I think we're gonna win." But anyway, we get back and we did, you know, we won Michigan.

Donald Trump: We're leading Michigan again, by the way, according to this. We're leading a lot of places that they don't talk about, they don't wanna talk about it. You know, it's suppression, they wanna convince you, they wanna depress you, they wanna suppress you. They want you to think, "Gee, let's not vote, we love our president, but let's not vote, because he's not gonna win." Well, they tried that last time and it didn't work, and it's gonna work even, I mean, our numbers are much better this time than last time, so.

Donald Trump: But, just, you gotta vote. I almost hate to tell you because you'll say, "Oh now I don't have to vote, he's winning." Right? No, you gotta go out and vote. But, but I'll never forget that, that evening where I was told, "Sir, no sir, I'm sorry, but not looking good." Because they took all those people, which was like 42 percent that said, "Its none of your business." Essentially, in different forms, and they didn't count them.

Donald Trump: And they didn't realize that everyone of those people that said that, was out people. And then all of a sudden, I get a call like, an hour and a half later from a real pro, whose with me right backstage, Bill. And he goes, "Sir, uh, these are great numbers, sir, you're going to win Florida. Sir, you're going to win North Carolina, sir, you're going to win Pennsylvania." He's a political pro.

Donald Trump: And you know, when I got the first call, from a great person, but you know, was very, felt badly because we worked so hard, when I got the first call, I went in to see our great first lady, who's a great person. And I said, "First lady, first lady.", and I said, "First lady, sometimes referred to as, Melania." I said, "You know, it's not looking good.

Donald Trump: It's not looking good, first lady. We worked hard." And you know, it's funny, I thought it wasn't gonna make it, but one thing, unlike Joe, where he goes into a basement, if he loses and you know, who knows what, what happens, right? It's called an election. He should be ashamed of himself, because he didn't work.

Donald Trump: No, seriously, he didn't work. One thing I did, five, six, and sometimes seven of these in one day those last few days. And during the regular time I'd do two or three. Today, today I'm doing three of these. Tremendous crowd waiting for us at another park. This is the second one. So, when they told me that information you know, you feel badly, but I didn't feel bad because I left it, you know, the athletes they say, "We left it all on the field.

Donald Trump: It was all left." And I did six or seven that day. Six or seven of these, this is not like talking in front of 10 people, right? There's a lot of people here. And I did them from early in the morning til one o'clock in the morning the next day which was election day, so, I didn't feel -- but then what happened, so, I told the first lady, I said, "Not looking good.", she said, "Do you mean we lost?" I said, "It looks like it.", then I go in about an hour later, "First lady, I think I've got news for you.

Donald Trump: I think we're gonna win." Because uh, they didn't -- isn't it sort of an amazing thing? But they didn't say that they had this tremendous record set of number, you know, when you leave, people usually say, "I voted for this one, that one, I voted.", but we've had a record set of numbers, Jeffrey. We had a record set where they just said, "It's none of your business.

Donald Trump: We don't want to tell you," and all of them were our votes, and this was the only guy that figured it out. So, we had one of the most exciting evenings in the history of this world, let alone this country. It was all over the world. And, we're about to go into an evening in eight days, can you believe that?

Donald Trump: We're about to go into an evening that I think is gonna have a similar result and maybe even a bigger margin, but a similar result, and the same thing is happening. You know, a good writer, a very good writer, of uh, a writer, or in politics, but a lot of things, Byron York, right. Would you rate him good, right?

Donald Trump: I think he's good. But, I saw him this morning and he wrote something that, they were asking, "Who is gonna win?" He said, "I don't know," because they always show these fake polls. He said, "I don't know but I cover this." He's a great political guy and he said, "I go around and I cover this whole thing, and I'm not only talking about the rallies that Trump has, -- " because he sets them up.

Donald Trump: You know, we have to take the space, and we have to do -- Organically there are rallies of boats, thousands of boats, all over the place, and cars, and tractors, and trucks, trucks, thousands of them. He said, "There's never been anything like this." He said, "I've never seen anything like this politically.

Donald Trump: There's such a spirit like I've never seen." He said, "You have these organic, and Trump has nothing to do with them, but they're rallies where truckers get 1000 trucks." In Iowa they had like 2000 tractors on this massive field. He said, "I've never seen anything like this so I can't really tell you, but I have never seen." And, how about these rallies?

Donald Trump: Nobody's ever had rallies like this. You might have, you might have a rally like this. You might have a rally like this on the night before the election, right? The night before the election, but you'd never have rallies. These are massive every one. Ohio was so big. Ohio. If you would have added up inside and outside you had at least 50,000 people.

Donald Trump: Wisconsin, the same kind of a thing. But, he said, "Forget those. I'm talking about where they just organically form. Nothing to do with Trump." And it's an amazing thing, right? It's an amazing thing. It's an amazing -- So, we have a spirit. We have a spirit and enthusiasm which is the most important thing.

Donald Trump: We have a spirit and enthusiasm that's even far greater than four years ago. We had a lot. We had a record, but we have much more, because we've done so much. Nobody, no administration has done in the first 3-1/2 years what we've done. When you think we've rebuilt our military. We've gotten the big tax cuts.

Donald Trump: We've gotten the biggest regulation cuts in history. I mean, so many things, right to try. I'm just thinking, right to try, where you can now as a patient, you're terminally ill, you couldn't get anything. You'd have to travel all over the world. Most people didn't have money. They'd go home and they'd die.

Donald Trump: Now we have right to try where you can get these advanced treatments that haven't been fully approved. You're terminally ill. They're very hard to get. They've been trying to do it for 40 years. What we've done for the Vets. What we've done for the Vets, 91% approval level. So, there's more enthusiasm now by far, and we had -- Look, we were known as that was the most enthusiastic anybody has ever seen a political campaign.

Donald Trump: The deplorables. Remember Hillary? The deplorables. [Audience boos] I heard that speech. She said, she said a second word, irredeemable, right? She said, "The deplorables and the irredeemables." I thought irredeemables was worse, but that word didn't catch on. Little did she know, whoever wrote that speech I want no part of them, because the next day I am a deplorable, I'm a proud deplorable, right?

Donald Trump: It was the craziest thing. But, there has never been a campaign like that. This one has much more enthusiasm. The difference is before I was a guy who was successful, who was saying, "We're going to do this, and this, and this." But, you know, you're listening, you say, "Okay." Now, we've done -- We have done, according to two of those people, by the way, that I see there, we have done more than we promised.

Donald Trump: Like Space Force. We did Space Force. I never talked about Space Force, right? Think of it. We, we have now Space Force, a 6th branch of the, of the military. It's been 75 years since that happened, the Air Force, right? Now, I realized when I was in office that we needed it, because I saw Russia, and I saw China, in particular, and I saw them, and I said, "Well, we need this," and it's very hard to get, and we got it.

Donald Trump: We did much more than we even talked about doing. But, the main thing is we did it. We got it done, and that's why there's even more enthusiasm now then there was four years ago. That's a long speech. Let's get back to the teleprompter. Should we get back to the teleprompter, or just keep going? Isn't it nice to have a president that doesn't need a teleprompter?

Donald Trump: Isn't that [Inaudible]? How about when they give sleepy Joe the questions? They give him the questions. We're going to ask you these qu-, and then they give him answers, and he's reading the answers. Reporter, "Sir, could you please" -- ask what flavor ice cream would you -- They never ask me a question like that. "What flavor do you have, sir?" "Uh, I have" -- He wasn't actually sure, actually. "I have vanilla and chocolate." I said, "They never ask me a question like that." Even crazy 60 Minutes, did you see it last night?

Donald Trump: She was so hostile to me, and with him it was softball, but you know what he did, uh, yesterday? He, he called me, you know, he called me George yesterday. He didn't remember my name. I'm insulted by it. I didn't know -- Was I supposed to be happy, or was I supposed to be sad? He called me George, and then I hear the reporter sort of said, "No.

Donald Trump: No. No. It's not George, Donald." We can't have this. Look, our country is too important. Presidency is 100% charm. Putin, 100% charm. Kim Jong Un, North Korea, 100% charm. We can't have this. This is not a game we're playing. If Biden and the Democrat socialists are elected, they will raise your taxes, bury your regulations.

Donald Trump: They will bury you in regulations, dismantle your police departments. You see that? Dissolve our borders -- Wall is 400 miles long now. It's almost complete. Almost complete, and it's everything that border patrol wanted. We gave them their ultimate wish list. We said, "Let me see what you want. How about concrete plank?" I like concrete plank.

Donald Trump: It's cheap. They said, "No, sir. We have to see through it. We like steel because it's stronger than concrete, but we like concrete also." So we have the bars, and then we have concrete in the bars. "And then, sir, we'd like rebar in the middle." So we have rebar in the middle. No. It's really incredible, and it's had a tremendous impact.

Donald Trump: It's the safest border we've ever had now, which is very good timing, and Mexico is paying for the wall, by the way, for those of you wondering. You notice you don't hear anything about the wall anymore. It used to be, like, when they thought I couldn't get it done. It was every day. "He is not going to be able to get it done." Remember Pelosi was fighting us like crazy saying, "Walls are obsolete.

Donald Trump: We don't need walls. We need drones." To watch the people pour into our country, right? We need a drone a thousand feet up so that we can watch people pour right in. No. We have drones too, and they work off the wall, okay? That's a good combination, but, but they were just going wild, and then once I got the financing, and the this and the that, and then I won court cases all over the place, and we started doing 10 miles a day.

Donald Trump: So we're up to over 400 miles. We'll be finished very soon, but, but you don't hear about it any more. They don't talk about the wall any more. They want to confiscate your guns, terminate religious liberty and pack the Supreme Court with radical justices who will shred the Second Amendment. You better get out and vote.

Donald Trump: And to defend our God-give freedoms I nominated Amy Cony Barrett, right? Gonna be great. She's gonna be great. She's gonna be there for a long time. Gonna be there for a long time, and they vote on her today, you know, tonight, today. The Democrats will say, "That's a terrible thing." They do the same things.

Donald Trump: First of all, it's not terrible. Justice Ginsberg said, "No. He's the president for four years. If somebody comes up in the fourth year, what's the difference?" She said -- Of course, she was referring to Clinton or Obama I guess, right? She perhaps wouldn't have said it if it was me, but she did say it, and that's the way it is, and they would do the same.

Donald Trump: Could you imagine Shumer, cryin' Chuck, saying, "You know, well, we think it's highly unethical to appoint the Supreme Court Justice, radical left Supreme Court Justice because it's the fourth year, and we think therefore we won't do it." Can you imagine that? They would do it. The only difference is they'd do it faster than we did it, okay?

Donald Trump: Joe Biden has made a corrupt bargain exchange for his party's nomination. He has handed control of his party over to the socialists, Marxists, and left-wing extremists, and if Biden wins, the flag-burning radicals on the streets will be running your government. Just like in Portland, we want to go in -- You know we stopped them in Minnesota, Minneapolis, we stopped them.

Donald Trump: Wasn't that a beautiful sight? We should've been allowed to do it a lot sooner. In Seattle, you know, we let 'em know we're coming in, and the following, like, two hours later, they walked away. We were all set to go in. I was, sort of, unhappy that they left. They took over a big chunk of Seattle. Remember that?

Donald Trump: But we let 'em, after a while, you know, 'cause the state is supposed to ask us and they weren't going to. But we told them, "I'm sorry." Where's Hunter? Where is Hunter? He's, he's making -- He's, he's trying to make a deal with a foreign country to pay him 10 million. Where's Hunter? Remember the t-shirt, "Where is Hunter?" I was right. [Audience member calls out "Don't give up."] Thank you very much for that [Laughs]. Where's Hu -- This can only happen in Pennsylvania right? [Audience chants "Don't give up"] I was here for school.

Donald Trump: So they don't talk about Hunter in the news now, you know that right? I give a lot of credit to the New York Post who endorsed me on their cover today. I'm not gonna lie. But they don't talk about Hunter because their not allowed to because we don't really have freedom of the press. We don't. Okay? We don't have -- They have totally taken this horrible scandal, the second biggest scandal in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: The first biggest was they spied on my campaign. [Audience boos] That's the biggest. And they got caught. But the second is this and they won't even talk about it. They won't talk about it, and the tech giants will shut everybody down. And you don't even hear. Here's a guy, had no job, and now all of a sudden he's making millions and millions of dollars a year, and they don't wanna talk about it, and they know it's wrong, but that's called the opposite of freedom of the press.

Donald Trump: That's called the opposite, and they should be ashamed of themselves. And you know the beautiful thing is that we have a voice and we're allowed to talk to people. Lots of people. And two of those red lights just went off. Now, it's, I mean, they're suppressing. You talk about suppression, they're suppressing, they're suppressing, something I've never seen. [Audience boos] Honestly, nobody -- [Audience boos] Nobody has ever seen anything like this.

Donald Trump: Even I, I mean I'm not a big fan. I -- I -- I think press is incredible. I think it should be incredible. It's got such potential to be incredible, it would be so good for our country. But even me, I never heard of anything like what's going on, where you're not even allowed to write. New York Times, I don't know if they've ever written a story about it.

Donald Trump: Washington Post. They totally don't write. Here's a guy who stole tens of millions. He had no energy experience. Zero. He knew less than this very, young woman up here. You know anything about energy? 'Cause if you do, you know more than him. No. He had no experience whatsoever. He was dismissed very unceremoniouly -- uh, I mean, look.

Donald Trump: He -- he was, he was -- Well, whatever you wanna call it. It was a, it was a very sad, it was a sad dismissal. [Audience boos] He gets out of Kuwait, he gets out of the, he gets out of the military. Had no job, nothing. And his father becomes Vice President. And he gets a job on Burisma. Burisma, right?

Donald Trump: And it's a very, uh, you know, got questionable reputation place.

Donald Trump: It's an energy company. Gets 183,000 dollars a month, plus they say 3,000,000 dollars up front to be on the board of a company. Nobody gets that. So he's on the board of Burisma. He then goes and he gets three and a half, think of this, three and a half million dollars from the wife of the mayor of Moscow.

Donald Trump: He gets three and a half million. Then he goes to China. He's like a human vacuum cleaner. He follows his father. Then he goes to China, gets a billion and half to manage, even though he's never heard of managing, when he knows nothing about it. And gets millions of dollars in fees. And then he goes for the big [Inaudible], but that's where it sort of ended.

Donald Trump: He asked China to pay him 10,000,000 dollars a year because he wants to do introductions. It was an introductory fee. 10 million a year. And I think that's probably at some place where they got caught. But this is pure corruption, and Joe got a piece of it because they said -- "10% goes to the big guy." Now unless they have another "Big Guy," he's not a big guy to me.

Donald Trump: He doesn't look too big. He looks like a big guy. No, he doesn't look like a big guy. But 10 percent goes to the big guy. He had another one, where 50 percent. And they consider that off-limits. You can't t -- Can you imagine if that were me or my kids? I mean, it would be the biggest scandal. It's a disgrace.

Donald Trump: And what they do is they shut it down. They will not write anything about it. I never thought a thing like that could happen. I never thought it could happen. It's in a way, it's a bigger story than the corruption of Biden itself. Joe Biden took five days off before the debate because he wanted to practice and he still lost.

Donald Trump: Like by a lot. You don't want a president who takes five days off to study for a debate. I mean, you do it every day. What are you supposed to study for really? When you think about it. And now he's taking at least another four or five days off. But no, but I did hear the breaking news today was he's going to make the speeches I told you, I wanna go hear, it's so exciting.

Donald Trump: So exciting. When you're a president, you can't take a day off. You gotta work. You gotta work. You gotta work really hard for the American people. You gotta work. And if Sleepy Joe ever got in, he wouldn't be in charge. The radical left will be in charge of the party. They will do including fracking. There won't be any fracking.

Donald Trump: You can forget the frackers out there, enjoy your life, but it won't be in the life of fracking. That's all over the country not just in Pennsylvania, because it will be run by the radical left and the Green New Deal, which I thought at first was a hoax. I thought it was like the Russia hoax, okay. I thought it was a hoax and it wasn't. I don't think they believe it.

Donald Trump: It's so crazy. A hundred trillion dollars. This election day, the people of Pennsylvania must stop the anti-American radicals by delivering Joe Biden in the far-left Democrats, a thundering defeat at the belly. At the belly. Gotta do it. Whether you like hearing it or not, Joe Biden is a corrupt politician.

Donald Trump: He's a corrupt politician. You don't do that. You don't do that with these countries. We could do, it would be so easy. It's like they raise all this money. $300 million. And they're saying, Oh, Trump is being out-raised. I would be the greatest fundraiser. All I have to do is call all the Wall Street guys, call all the guys, call on everybody.

Donald Trump: I would get five, 10, 15, 20, 25 million every time I made a phone call. But you know what? I could never basically deal with those companies properly again. So I don't do it. And we don't need the money. We got a lot of money for this stuff. We got another eight days to go. They had like $200 million. A lot of it's small money, you know, $61 average, small money.

Donald Trump: That's never happened to a Republican before, but this way you don't have to sell your soul. When somebody gives you a lot of money, it's, you know, it's not to say quid pro quo. I'm sure Joe would never do a thing like that, you know. But the fact is he's making deals. He's making deals. I could do it much easier, 'cause I'm much better at it if I wanted to be.

Donald Trump: And think of it, I'm the president of the United States calling the head of Goldman Sachs, "Goldman Sachs! Listen," oh, I know, I know 'em all. "I want you to give me $25 million, I'm running the campaign, please give me 25 million." They never report this stuff. And they would say, "Where do we send the check?

Donald Trump: And we can have it there in one hour, sir." But I don't wanna do that because I'm compromised. Once you do that, you're compromise. They're compromise. They're compromise. The Democrats wanna destroy your energy jobs in Pennsylvania while they're collecting for families. But in Joe's case, all of this money that we talked about on boards and everything else, it's a terrible thing.

Donald Trump: Foreign companies, he wants to send your jobs to China while his family rakes in millions of dollars from the Chinese Communist Party. That's what it is. I gave up a fortune to run for president, which is true. I lost a fortune on this deal. This is, this I lost, Uh, I mean like billions, between what I lose and what I didn't make.

Donald Trump: I lost a hell of a lot of money. And you know what? It's the greatest decision I've ever made because we are doing things that nobody else has ever been able to. We're helping a lot of people. We're helping a lot of people. Joe Biden made a fortune by serving you as vice-president. He made a fortune. Biden will sell the Oval Office just like he sold the vice presidency.

Donald Trump: The corruption, she said "He already has." Yeah. In advance, that's right. The corruption of politicians like Biden and it is corruption, is exactly why I ran for president. I really, I ran for trade. I hated the trade deals I saw that years ago in Michigan they gave me the Man of the Year award. I said, "Why are you allowing them to take all of your car companies and moving them to Mexico and Canada," 32% of our companies were taken out.

Donald Trump: I said, "Why are you doing that?" So it was for a lot of reasons, this one, but it was also for trade. The trade was so crazy. And now the trade is really good. Biden is the candidate of big media, big tech, big donors. I mean, you think about it. Here I am. Here I stand, right? I am with you. I stand here.

Donald Trump: Here's who I have against me. The Democrat party, the RINOs from the Republican party. I call them the stupid people. They're the stupid -- Most of whom I beat, because you know they all represented one of the candidates of the Republican party. Then they went -- they went sour. I guess I beat em really badly.

Donald Trump: They've never forgotten. But the RINOs, big tech. I have everybody against. I have RINOs, big tech. I have very bad Republicans. Actually, sometimes the bad republicans are worse than the Democrats. I really mean it. And we have big tech. And I stand here by myself and I say, I am the only thing between you and chaos.

Donald Trump: I am the only thing between you and your second amendment. I am the only thing between you and pro-life. I am the only thing. I'm the only thing. I'm by myself. I'm all by myself. Now, we have some good Republicans but, I'm all -- but we -- we -- we have some Republicans that also go -- it's a strange thing, right?

Donald Trump: How some of them they just go off the track. And they always have. This is not unique to us. They always have for some reason. We have some great ones. We have some bad ones, too. If I don't sound like a typical Washington politician, it's because I'm not a politician, if you haven't noticed. And if I don't always play by the rules of Washington and the Washington establishment, it's because I was elected to fight for you and I have fought harder for you than any president has ever fought before.

Donald Trump: So, we're joined by a couple of real warriors that I'd like to introduce. Congressman Scott Perry. Scott, thank you very much. Warrior. Congressman Lloyd Smucker. Two great guys, really fighters. They're warriors. We had some great fights that we've won haven't we? We have some great people in the Republican party.

Donald Trump: Candidate for Pennsylvania State Treasurer, Stacy Garrity. Stacy. Vote for Stacy. You doing well, Stacy? Good? I heard you're doing great. And Chris Cox, Bikers for Trump. Did you ever hear of Chris? This guy. He was great. I went -- you know, Chris says -- I don't know why the hell the bikers like me so much, but they like me.

Donald Trump: Chris told me I might be at 99 to 100 percent, but Chris is great. And no matter where I'd go, I'd have these bikes. Thousands and thousands of bikes. I never saw -- and I'd say come on in. Can you come in? There's no room for the firm, right? They didn't want to come in. They said, sir, we're not here to listen to you speak.

Donald Trump: We're here just to protect you. We want to protect you. Think of that. Right? Now, when they say Big Joe, that doesn't work. But that guy is big. Thank you very much, Chris. Great job you're doing and I appreciate it. Now, it's true. He said, no sir. We're here for -- and I felt so safe have -- these tough guys, definitely tough.

Donald Trump: And they're sitting on those Harleys mostly, I guess. There that -- they felt -- they felt good. That was never my deal. Okay? To be -- I like the limousine better, I don't know why. But you know they're going -- and I never felt safer. It's true. There was uh, just a tremendous love that we had right from the beginning.

Donald Trump: Right? Four years ago, right from the beginning. And it stayed that way, too. We're with them all the way. We built the greatest economy in history and now we're doing it again. We increased middle class family income over $6,000. More than five times the gains in all eight years under the previous administration.

Donald Trump: African American unemployment, Hispanic American unemployment, Asian American unemployment. Unemployment for young people that didn't have a high school education. They didn't have a diploma. They had a diploma. They had a diploma from MIT where they were first in their class. It didn't make any difference.

Donald Trump: Every -- Women did so great. Women. Women. Women did great. They all reached the lowest levels ever recorded. Since April we created a record 11.4 million jobs. And under my leadership we achieved the most secure border in U.S. history. That's beautiful. Walls help. Walls work, don't they, huh? Remember?

Donald Trump: They said the wall is obsolete. I said the wall's not obsolete and a wheel is not obsolete. Everything else is obsolete. My opponent's insane immigration plan would eliminate U.S. borders by implementing nationwide catch and release, and I actually heard he said, "We wanna take down the wall," down, do you believe this? [Audience boos] Take down the wall. [Audience boos] We will never let that happen.

Donald Trump: We gotta win this election. This is -- this is the most important. We gotta win this election. Now, they wanna take down the wall. His plan, I don't think, you know what? I don't think border patrol would let him, okay? You wanna know the truth? I think border patrol would say, "Mr. President, we're not -- we're not letting you get anywhere near this wall, Mr.

Donald Trump: President." His plan would also make every community into a sanctuary city for violent criminals. The Biden Harris, Harris -- how do you like Harris? [Audience boos] The Biden Harris plan would also increase refugees 700%. This was the manifesto that was agreed to with crazy Bernie and -- and uh, Biden, right?

Donald Trump: So, Biden and crazy Bernie agreed to the mani -- we call it the manifesto. 700% increase. The most dangerous places in the world, they would come in 700%. I have a ban. I was criticized for the ban. I said, "No, if a country hates us, and if their people hate us, and if they wanna do bad things to us, we're gonna have a ban." Everybody criticized me, but I won and the United States [Crosstalk] -- And now we don't let them in -- If it's okay by the great people of Pennsylvania, we don't let them into our country.

Donald Trump: We want people that will love us and work with us, and be a great help to us. That's what we want, so we have a ban. It was very controversial when I put it in, but it's not so controversial. All you have to do is look what happened the other day in Paris and you'll see that it's not so controversial anymore.

Donald Trump: People are very happy that we have it and we keep a lot of very bad people out of our country. And nobody else would do that. Nobody else would do that, Chris, I guarantee you that. Nobody else would do it. They pledged to terminate all national security travel bans. They wanna end the ban, opening the flood gates to radical, Islamic terrorism.

Donald Trump: No, thank you. I'm keeping the terrorists, jihadists, and violent extremists, those terrible extremists the hell out of our country, if that's okay. We invested 2.5 trillion dollars in the U.S. military, by the way, all made in the USA. We have the greatest equipment, the greatest missiles -- We have the greatest rockets.

Donald Trump: We have the greatest jet fighter planes, F35. We have the greatest equipment anywhere in the world. Our nuclear arsenal is totally rebuilt or new. Hope to God we never have to use any of this equipment -- Just hope we never have to -- by having it, it's less likely we'll have to use it. Sort of, that's the way it is, uh, that's the way it is.

Donald Trump: But we have the greatest -- when I came in, a highly overrated general, one of the most highly overrated generals there are, said "Sir, we don't have any ammunition," 'cause we could've had a conflict as you remember, at the beginning. He said, "Sir, we don't have any ammunition." I said, "No president should ever hear that again." And now we have so much ammunition, you won't believe how much ammunition.

Donald Trump: We also passed VA choice and VA accountability. Everyone said impossible to get it done. And exactly one year ago today, we killed the leader of ISIS, al-Baghdadi. And we took out the world's top terrorist, Soleimani is dead. Soleimani is dead. Killed a lot of people, Soleimani. I withdrew from the last administrations disastrous Iran nuclear deal. 150 billion dollars. 1.8 billion in cash, how about that?

Donald Trump: That's a lot of cash. 1.8 billion, not even, nobody's ever even heard of such a thing. 1.8 billion, five planeloads of cash. I recognize the true capital of Israel and opened the American Embassy in Jerusalem. Every president for decades, they campaigned on that. Every president, look at that, that says.

Donald Trump: Every president for decades campaigned, they said not so easy to do, but I did it. Instead of, and I got the building built, right? Fast. We got it built for a tiny, tiny little fraction of what it was supposed to cost. Instead of never ending wars, we are forging peace in the middle east. You saw what just happened.

Donald Trump: You saw what just happened, yeah? Sudan yesterday, Sudan, UAE, United Arab Emirates, right? Baran, and we have them stacked up, stacked up, they wanna come in. And we did it the exact reverse as I've been trying to do for 40 years. I said, that one doesn't work, and, uh, it's all working out very well, and there's no blood in the sand and they wanna come in.

Donald Trump: A vote for Republicans is a vote for the American dream. It's very simple. It is a vote for the American dream. You know, the Republican party is the party of Abraham Lincoln. Right? I always say, You know, when they start saying this or that, I say, No, no, it's very easy to be presidential. I can be more presidential than any President in history, with a possible exception of Abraham Lincoln when he's wearing the hat.

Donald Trump: Right? Actually, doing this is much tougher than being presidential. Doing what I do is much tougher, and if I was presidential, perfectly presidential, there'd be about three people like Obama had the other day, three people. And in conclusion, over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world and we will end our reliance on China, which is already beginning.

Donald Trump: We will hire more police, increase penalties for assaults on law enforcement, and we will ban deadly sanctuary cities. We will uphold religious liberty, free speech, and the right to keep and bear arms. We will hold that Second Amendment, Second Amendment. We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency.

Donald Trump: The biggest thing is price transparency, you will see, goes into effect, already signed. I've signed it, January 1st, the biggest thing. Lower drug prices, as I told you, favored nation clauses biggest decrease in the history. Wait'll you see that when that kicks in, and we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions, always.

Donald Trump: We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students, and restore patriotic education to our schools. We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great America flag. Always. And we will live by the timeless words of our national motto, "In God we trust." For years, you had a President who apologized for America, now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for the great people of Pennsylvania.

Donald Trump: I'm standing up. For the last four years, you've seen me fight for you, and now I am relying on you to deliver a historic victory for our country, bigger even than four years ago. Gotta vote. By the way, could I ask? You know, Pennsylvania's known, it's known as a very late voting state. Which is good, which is fine.

Donald Trump: Very late voting, like election day. Very unusual actually, but I understand it. You wanna make sure your vote is counted, you don't want the ballot hoax, because wait'll you see, they'll have so many problems. You know, they throw away ballots if it has the name Trump on it, boom. They printed ballots, some ballots, I think 25 thousand, were printed for certain state -- It was missing one little thing, the name Trump.

Donald Trump: So a lot of bad things happen. But Pennsylvania's smart, you vote late. Who has voted? Raise your hand. Yeah that's what happens. This is gonna be a red win -- who is going to vote? This is going to be, and I'm glad you saw the last debate, you know? Did you hear the number one thing on Google was how do I change my vote?

Donald Trump: Did you know that? How do I change my vote? Something like hashtag, did you hear that, hashtag how do I change my vote? They watched the debate. I wanted, remember, I wanted that debate to moved way up, you know? Cause a lot of people voted by this crazy ballot deal. Wait'll you see the mess that things gonna be in.

Donald Trump: Well, even your state, they can count them after the election is over. This is a major state. They wanna count them. So they don't want poll watchers, and they wanna be able to count votes after the election is over. What does that mean? We gonna wait? The whole country's gonna wait? So we'll see how it all ends up, it's all in court, it's all a hoax.

Donald Trump: And let me tell you something, the Democrats know how crooked it is, they know. And then they talk about, he's not for freedom, he's not for freedom, our President is not for freedom, and he's not looking for an easy transition and safe tran -- . what about the transition that I had, where you spied on my campaign, and you tried to take down the President of the United States.

Donald Trump: That didn't work out too well. But they want a friendly transition, right, Jeffrey? A friendly. But you know, the only problem is look at the transition they gave us. They fought us tooth and nail for years. Russia, Russia, Russia. 48 million spent on Mueller, that whole hoax. 48 million. [Audience boos] No conclu -- no collusion, right?

Donald Trump: So, no collusion. $48 million. No, they want a friendly, friendly -- First of all, here's the main thing. Let's not lose and then we don't have to worry about it. Let's just win. We won't lose, so there's nothing to talk about. Let's leave it that way. No, we want everything to be done properly and we want it to be done absolutely by the book, and we want to go absolutely by our great Constitution.

Donald Trump: But you know what? When they start talking about this friendly, wonderful transition and then you see what they put us through, it's really very hypocritical, isn't it? Huh? On November 3rd, we must finish the job and drain that very deep and very nasty swamp once and for all. So, get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and get your co-workers, even get your boss.

Donald Trump: Say, "Boss, I wanna get you out to vote." But get out and vote. Most important election ever. I really believe that. I never thought I'd say it. If you would have told me I was gonna say that two years ago, three years ago, four years ago, I would have not believed it. From Erie to Easton, from Pittsburgh to Harrisburg, and from Lebanon to right here in Lancaster, we stand on the shoulders of Pennsylvania patriots, who gave their blood, sweat, and tears for this beloved nation.

Donald Trump: This is the state where founding fathers declared American independence. Think of it, what you did. Think of, think of Pennsylvania, think of it relative to our country. So much has happened. So many important events. It's where the Army weathered its brutal winter at Valley Forge, where General George Washington -- Don't worry, we will not be taking down the Washington Monument please.

Donald Trump: Cancel culture. Congressmen, there'll be no cancel culture. [Audience boos] Now can you believe that? They wanna -- They do. I mean, they actually had a commission, the DC Mayor. One of the recommendations is Lincoln, Jefferson, Washington Memorials -- let's take them out. And they didn't like Mount Rushmore either.

Donald Trump: Okay? Let's blow it right up now. Not gonna happen. No, we stopped it. You know, I signed a document. You play with any of our statues or monuments, 10 years in prison. It's amazing how that stopped. All of a sudden, Jeffrey, it just stopped. Right? You don't see it anymore. Where General George Washington led his men on a daring mission across the Delaware and where our Union was saved by the great heroes of Gettysburg.

Donald Trump: Gettysburg, think of it. Gettysburg. What a place. Never fight uphill, me boys, right? That was Robert E. Lee said, "Never fight uphill." He heard they were fighting uphill, but they didn't have cell phones in those days. They tried to get him to stop, but they fought uphill. That didn't work out. Think of that, though.

Donald Trump: Gettysburg, the history. This is the place where generations of tough, strong Pennsylvania workers mined the coal, worked the railroads, forged the steel that made America into the greatest, most powerful nation in the history of the world, and where we are making it far greater than it ever was. We are making it far greater.

Donald Trump: This nation will be greater than it ever was. And I so believe that. I so believe that. Proud citizens like you help build this country, and together, we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people. That's what's happening. And they don't like that in Washington. With your help, your devotion and your drive, we are going to keep on working.

Donald Trump: We are going to keep on fighting. And we are going to keep on winning. Winning. Winning. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. And together with the incredible people of Pennsylvania. We have made America powerful again, our military. We have made America wealthy again, your stock market, your 401(k). We have made America strong again.

Donald Trump: We have made America proud again. We have made America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you, Pennsylvania. Thank you. Thank you very much.