Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-campaign-rally-hickory-north-carolina-november-1-2020

Donald Trump: Wow, thank you very much. Wow. This is a very big crowd. Wow, look at this. Hello, North Carolina. Hello. Two days from now, we are going to win this great state, just like we did last time. That was a big, uh, you were the one, right? You were the one that put us over that hump. And we're going to win four more years in the White House, our beautiful White House.

Donald Trump: With your vote, we will continue to cut your taxes, cut regulations, support our great police, protect our Second Amendment, defend religious liberty, and ensure more products are stamped with that beautiful phrase, "Made in the U.S.A." And next year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: Under my leadership, our economy grew at the fastest rate ever recorded, 33.1% just announced. We created a record 11.4 million jobs in the last five months. While foreign nations are in a free fall, we're creating the world's greatest economic powerhouse. A recent Gallup poll, just came out, found that 56% of Americans say they are better off today than they were four years ago under Obama and sleepy Joe Biden.

Donald Trump: And I wanna tell you, it's really windy up here. Oh boy. Oh, thank goodness you have a president that doesn't need teleprompters, because these things are virtually useless. They are blowing all over the place. That's true, they're blowing all up. And we had to, you know, we started off today two great places.

Donald Trump: We went to Iowa, we went -- I tell you what, we had in Iowa, we had the coldest, windiest, but it was warm because the people were warm, and we're gonna win Iowa very big. Very big. So we had a couple of cold snaps today. One was so cold, we talked about refugees. We said if they come in, they're gonna say, "I wanna go back immediately, we're so cold." If Biden and Harris get in, the economy will collapse and our country will go into at least a free fall but probably a depression.

Donald Trump: They wanna raise your taxes. They wanna take away your Second Amendment. They wanna do lots of things that I don't think you can stand for. I don't think you can stand for. Fracking doesn't pertain so much to, but it does pertain in a different way to you than it would to Pennsylvania. They're taking away your fracking, but what they're really doing is your energy costs are gonna go through the roof.

Donald Trump: That will be very bad for this incredible state. They want to massively increase regulations, send your jobs overseas, destroy the suburbs. Well, we're keeping the suburbs. I got rid of the regulation that would have destroyed the suburbs. They will bring it back worse than ever before. Terminate religious liberty, eliminate school choice, outlaw private healthcare, and shred your Second Amendment, take away your guns and indoctrinate your children with anti-American lies.

Donald Trump: Biden has vowed to abolish U.S. oil, U.S. fracking, natural gas industry. Look at what he's talking about doing. But it's not him, he's shot, okay? It's not him. It's the radical left, it's the radical left. Energy prices will explode, and crippling, that will cripple our country. You know, we, right now, energy independent.

Donald Trump: What we have going, we've never had before. Biden's energy ban will send every state, from North Carolina to Michigan to Pennsylvania, into a very, very severe problem. And we're not gonna have it, we worked too hard. We had the greatest economy in the history of the country, and then the plague came in from China.

Donald Trump: It came in from China. They should have never allowed it, they stopped it from going into China but it came to us and Europe and the rest of the world, and we're never gonna ever forget. We will never forget. But now we're building our economy back up and it's going in a V, but it's really a super V. As long as I'm president, we will remain the number one producer of oil and natural gas on the planet Earth.

Donald Trump: And we will remain energy independent. Our opponent's agenda is the war on workers and war on faith and a war on our great police. Biden says he's running as a proud Democrat. I'm running as a proud American. [Audience chants "U.S.A"] Thank you. Thank you very much. By the way, I just have to say this. So we had something incredible happen four years ago.

Donald Trump: This is more important and there's more energy, uh, the crowds are bigger, everything's hotter. And it's really, but this is actually, and I never thought I'd say it because that was an incredible period of time, never thought, this is the most important election perhaps, in the history of our country. Get out and vote.

Donald Trump: Gotta get out and vote. Sleepy Joe Biden is a die-hard globalist who spent 47 years outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in ridiculous, endless wars and they're all coming back. They're all coming back. North Carolina lost nearly half of its manufacturing jobs thanks to NAFTA. One of the worst trade deals ever. [Audience boos] And we got rid of it, nobody thought that was possible.

Donald Trump: Promises made, promises kept. We did it all. Biden and his group shipped your jobs and your factories to China and other places in faraway lands. Raking in millions of dollars for himself it turns out. We didn't know about this, did we? His son was like a human vacuum cleaner, he went in and, "Where you going today, Dad?" "I think I'll go to Ukraine." "Okay, let me pick up a couple of bucks." $183,000 a month and three, three million dollars upfront. "Where you going today, Dad?" "I'm gonna go to Russia." "Good." So the mayor of Moscow's wife gave him three and a half million dollars, right?

Donald Trump: And here's the scary part, the fake news media, and there's a lot of it right back there. The fake news. [Audience boos] They don't want to talk about it. They don't want to talk about it. [Audience boos] And big tech will refuse to put it on and then they'll, they'll terminate the New York Post if they put it up.

Donald Trump: New York Post, I have to give 'em a lot of credit. Number one, they endorsed me. Which is nice. You know, I got endorsed today by the Pittsburgh Gazette, and it hasn't happened where they, they endorsed the Republican today, can you be -- Nobody could believe it, they haven't done it in decades. And thank you very much Pittsburgh Gazette, we'll take it.

Donald Trump: Well, we got endorsed by a lot of great people. We got endorsed by great people. A lot of newspapers are endorsing us, because they know that Joe Biden is not up to this job. All you have to do is watch him for about five minutes. He is not up to this job. One thing I can tell you President Xi, Putin, Kim Jong-un, they're very sharp.

Donald Trump: They're very sharp. They're all very sharp. And we cannot have a leader that's not sharp. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who is bought and paid for by China and other countries. How can you have a guy whose son walks out with a billion and a half dollars to manage -- That means millions of dollars a year.

Donald Trump: Whose son asked for $10 million a year for introductory purposes, right? $10 million a year. And he's supposed to be negotiating with China? China would just hope, China would just hope that I don't win because, hey, we've taken in tens of billions of dollars a year. First time ever with China. We never took in 10 cents.

Donald Trump: Saved our steel mills, saved our steel and aluminum industries. In 2016, North Carolina voted to fire this corrupt political establishment and you elected a president who is finally putting America first. And if I don't sound like a typical Washington politician, It's because thankfully I'm not a politician.

Donald Trump: Never will be. And if I don't always play by the rules of Washington, and the Washington establishment, it's because I fight for you, and there's never been anybody that's fought harder for you. I had a very nice life before doing this. I had a very nice life. [Audience chants "We love you"] Thank you. Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: It's so nice. That's such a great honor when I hear that. It's never been said at any, I said did anybody ever hear that? Ronald Reagan we like, others we like. Nobody's ever, nobody's ever heard it and I appreciate it very much. My opponent is promising a long, dark winter. Did anybody see the debate? I'm sure nobody watched it, right?

Donald Trump: He didn't do too well. No, he's looking -- Remember, he said you're going to have a long, dark winter. It so inspiring. How about somebody says, "Gee, we really like -- " I don't think anybody likes Biden. Harry, let's watch Biden tonight on television, and he says we want a, we're going to have a long, dark winter.

Donald Trump: How inspiring that is, right? So, he said that and I'm saying that we're going to deliver the greatest American comeback in history. That's what we're doing. And, we're way ahead of schedule. This election is a choice between a Biden depression and a boom like you've never seen before. It's a choice between a Biden lockdown.

Donald Trump: He wants to lock it down. Let's lock it down. [Audience boos] Let's lock it down. And, by the way, tell your governor to open up North Carolina. It's time. It's time. It's time. It's ridiculous. It's ridiculous. He'll probably announce it on November 4th. We're going to open up now. You know, they thought our numbers wouldn't be so good.

Donald Trump: They thought by keeping these states like Pennsylvania, North Carolina, Michigan. How about her? Her husband roams free. He's the only one in the whole state. No, but they thought that by keeping them down the numbers would, and yet we had a 33.1. That's the highest in the history of our country, by double.

Donald Trump: You have to go back to 1952, and that was half of what we did. So, we're looking for, and we're going to have very shortly within a couple of weeks, we're going to have safe vaccine that will end -- And look, we're rounding. They hate when I say it, the fake news, but we're rounding the turn. We're rounding the corner anyway.

Donald Trump: We're rounding the corner. But, on top of that we have vaccines coming from Pfizer, Johnson & Johnson, Moderna, great companies, and they're right there. They're right there, and we're going to have them launched and our military is going to do it. Logistically incredible, and we're going to start with our seniors, especially our seniors where they have some problems with heart, with diabetes, and we're going to have a great thing.

Donald Trump: It's going to speed up the process. We launched -- And, by the way, it does work. Here I am, right? Here I am. Now, I like to say that the medicine I took, Regeneron, I'd like to say that it had no impact on me because I'm a perfect physical specimen, and I'm very young, but I decided to take it anyway, right?

Donald Trump: No, it's amazing the things we've been able to do in the last six months. Not only that, if you look at all of the, what we produce now. We've become a production, incredible what we're doing, and what we're sending to the world. The ventilators, what we're sending to the world. I mean, we're sending things that nobody could believe.

Donald Trump: The treatments that reduce the fatality rate now 85%. Think of it. Think of it. But, my wife, our First Lady, got it, and our son, Barron, got it, right? And Barron's 14 and he's very tall, and he's strong, and he had it for a matter of minutes. That's why I say get the kids back to school. Get them back to school.

Donald Trump: The doctor came up to us and said, "I'm sorry but Barron has tested positive," and I said, "For what?" Tested positive for what? And, you know, it's got about 30 different names, but he said COVID. We could call it the China plague, the China virus, but he didn't say, he said COVID. I said, "Gee, that's too bad." He said, "Oh, he'll be fine." About 14 minutes later he came back, I said, "How's Barron doing?" "Oh, he shook it off.

Donald Trump: It's fine, he's fine." The young, they have strong immune systems. Get 'em back to school, please. We've learned about this horrible plague that was sent to us by China. Our excess mortality rate in America is 40% lower than Europe. You know, you keep hearing Europe is doing so well. They're no doing so well.

Donald Trump: And we want 'em to do well, by the way. And we help them. We help them. We want them to do well. And, uh, but they're having a very hard time. Joe Biden is promising to delay the vaccine and turn America into a prison state, while letting rioters roam free. You know, they close your churches, they close your schools, but if you wanna riot and burn down the stores and have the anarchists out there, do lots of it, that's okay.

Donald Trump: You can't stop that. But you can't go to school ad you can't go to church. It's crazy. All Democrat-run, by the way. All Democrat-run. You look at Portland, Democrat, super liberal Democrat. We could fix that situation. We have to be invited in. We fixed Seattle because we said, "That's enough, we're going in.

Donald Trump: We don't care. We're going in." So we were going in the next morning. That night they found out about it. They said, "We're leaving now. Thank you very much." And we did a great job in Minnesota, Minneapolis after you watched that place burning down. A week and a half later, they went in and solved it in about a half an hour.

Donald Trump: If we'd listened to Joe Biden on allowing travel to come in from China and Europe -- Remember, he said, "Oh, he's Xenophobic." Now he runs for president, he said we should've acted sooner. Months later, he didn't think we should do it. Hundreds of thousands more people would've died. We saved two million people or more.

Donald Trump: Remember the model? It said 2.2 million people would die. Well, we saved two million people by acting quickly. Now Biden wants a cruel and very heartless nationwide shutdown. It won't affect you because you're already shutdown. I don't know what the heck. What's going on with your state? Are you ready to open up?

Donald Trump: I think so, huh? No, you know what? People aren't gonna take it anymore. Look at the, uh -- Look at what happened in Europe. And the people are revolting. They, they don't wanna do it anymore. They can't do it anymore. We can't have the cure be worse than the problem itself. That was like the first thing I said a long time ago.

Donald Trump: The Biden lockdown will result in countless deaths and wipe out an entire generation of dreams. And we've learned that children with a computer do not do well compared to being in classes, okay? They don't do well. It's not the same. And the parents have to go to work and the problems that are caused with alcohol, drug abuse.

Donald Trump: It's -- We can't let this happen and you can't let it go on. I have a feeling that probably he'll say, "You know, uh, it's now November 4th, the day after the election, we'll go back. We'll go back." He should've never done that. And they should've never done that. And actually, the states that are doing best, look at Florida, look at all of these states where they had a spike, and they didn't close down.

Donald Trump: Look at what happened in Arizona, look at what happened in Texas. We can't let it happen. Europe imposed draconian lockdowns, and yet their cases are exploding, their deaths are surging, and their economies are -- Let's face it. You look at what happened. They're in ruins. You know, we had the smallest down and the largest up and the largest fast up on the economy by far.

Donald Trump: So the European lockdowns are leading to more suffering, delayed medical care, and financial devastation. A vote for Biden is a vote for lockdowns, layoffs, misery, and getting rid of your Second Amendment. You know, they wanna, they wanna hurt our police, but they wanna take away your guns. Very interesting, isn't it?

Donald Trump: If you want a vaccine to kill the virus, a job to support your family, and freedom to live your life, then go cast your ballot, cast your vote for me. We're gonna do it. We're doing it. But you don't have to take my word for it, because in certain states that I like a lot, we spend a lot of money for -- Where is that real -- Look at that over there.

Donald Trump: Look at that. [Audience chants "Four more years"] You're going to see something right now. You don't have to listen. Please roll the video. Roll it. [Video Begins]

Joe Biden: [Video] My problem is I voted for NAFTA. I'm supporting NAFTA, because I think it is a positive thing to do, and I do not pretend to be an expert on, uh, international trade matters. Trade agreements like NAFTA and permanent normal trade relations with China which force American workers to compete against people making pennies an hour has resulted in the loss of 160 thousand jobs.

Joe Biden: [Video] The president is absolutely right when he says that China has been cheating for 25 years, and that Bill Clinton dod -- didn't do enough about it, George W Bush didn't do enough about it, Barack Obama didn't do enough about it. Rising China is an incredibly positive development for not only China, but the United States and the rest of the world.

Joe Biden: [Video] Rising China is a positive, positive development. It is in our self interest that China continue to prosper. We want to see China rise. China is a great nation and we should hope for the continued expansion. China is not our enemy. We talk about China as our competitor. We should be helping. The idea that China is going to eat our lunch is bizarre.

Joe Biden: [Video] The idea that they are our competition, that they're going to beat us is bizarre. They're not bad folks, folks. China is not a problem. Allowing China into the World Trade Organization, which he supported, extending most favored nation status to China, which he supported, th -- those steps allowed China to take advantage of the United States by using our own open trade deals against us. Now, uh --

Unidentified: [Video] Do you think in retrospect that you were naive about China?

Joe Biden: [Video] No.

Unidentified: [Video] But doesn't he deserve some credit for that? It's better, the USMCA is better than NAFTA.

Joe Biden: [Video] It is better than NAFTA. You know, we have to come together, that's why I'm running. I'm running as a proud democrat for the Senate, so vote! Vote! Visit Iwill.com/Ohio. God bless you.

Unidentified: [Video] Uh, can somebody tell Joe "By the way, it's not a real website, and Joe, you're running for president, not senator, and by the way, that senator, the Mormon guy is Mitt Romney, not 'some Mormon governor'?" Now sadly, what we showed you, that's just from a couple hours today, because every ch -- time that Joe actually leaves the basement bunker and stays out past 10 AM, well, disaster ensues.

Unidentified: [Video] Here's a quick reminder.

Joe Biden: [Video] Look, tomorrow's Super Thur -- Tuesday, and I want to thank you all -- I tell you what, I'm rushing ahead, aren't I? We hold these truths to be self evident --

Joe Biden: [Video] All men and women created by the, go, you know the, you know they thing. If you agree with me, go to Joe 30330. We choose truth over facts. Play the radio. Make sure the television is, the, excuse me, make sure you have the record player on at night, uh, uh, the, the phone. Make sure the kids hear words.

Joe Biden: [Video] Poor kids are just as bright and just as talented as white kids. Donald Trump does pose an extal strength to this, the, it's not hypothetic.

Unidentified: [Video] This is pretty serious. By the way, these are way beyond an occasional campaign gaff and I am beginning, well, I'm more than a little worried that this man could represent a clear and present danger to this country. He's obviously not capable of leading. He's been hiding the entire campaign and the corrupt media mob is covering for him.

Unidentified: [Video] Joe wants to be the President of the United States of America. That would be the toughest job in the world, and at times Joe doesn't seem to remember that he's even running for President, or what state he's in, or what day of the week it is. Does anyone really believe that if elected that Joe Biden will actually be control of anything?

Joe Biden: [Video] What kinda country we gonna be?

Unidentified: [Video] Mm-hmm.

Joe Biden: [Video] Four more years of George, uh, George, uh, he, uh, he's gonna find ourselves in a position where if, uh, Trump gets elected, uh, we're gonna be, uh, we're gonna be in a different world. Barack and I think it's a right for people to have added ca -- care. Folks, we gotta lotta work to do. I don't need you to get me elected, I need you once I'm elected.

Joe Biden: [Video] I'll lead an effective strategy to mobilize true [Inaudible] pressure.

Donald Trump: [Video Ends] Thank you. Well, thank you very much. That saves a lotta words up here on this cold, windy night. It saves a lotta words, but we can't do this to our country. We have such potential.  We cannot do this. He's failed for 47 years. And at the debate all I had to do, it was very easy, I said, "Joe, why didn't you do it?" You know? As he stood and complained, "What about this, what a -- I said, "Joe, you left three and a half years ago. You were there for a long time.

Donald Trump: And you were in that position for eight years. Why didn't you do it, Joe?" And he never had an answer. No law enforcement endorsements, no nothing. Joining us tonight are some people that have done a great job, and people that really helped me a lot in Washington. A man who right now, I hear you're doing extremely well in the polls, Senator Thom Tillis.

Donald Trump: Thom. Very good. I just saw a very good poll, and we had a very good poll today, too. I have to tell you that. Yeah, I'll tell you what. If I don't win after coming here. The said, "Maybe we can cancel North Carolina tonight." One of my guys, one of my geniuses said, "I think they'd understand. You've only been out here for two days winning." I said, "I don't have the courage to even think about asking that question." No. Never, would never even think about it.

Donald Trump: No, you've been great to me. The victories that we've had together, and what we've done for you, and we have you protected including your tobacco growers. Right? We have it all, we have you all protected. You're all protected. A really wonderful person, wonderful woman, and she's always with me, Representative Virginia Fox.

Donald Trump: Virginia. Thank you. Thank you, Virginia. Great job you do. A man that I'd love to see in. He'll open you up. I think we can get a guarantee tonight. Lieutenant Governor Dan Forrest. Come on Dan, win. Good, Dan. Boy oh boy, I'll tell you. That would be a natural, that's a natural. You'll open it up right away?

Donald Trump: Okay. He should win just on that one. This is crazy. He's doing, he's doing what the Washington Democrats are telling him to do. Attorney General candidate, Jim O'Neill. Hi, Jim. Great job, Jim. GOP Chairman, Mike Whatley. How we doing, Mike? Are we winning? Are we leading the polls? Up, right? Yeah, we're up pretty good.

Donald Trump: We should be up. Can you imagine? Can you imagine? Pastor, and a friend of mine, and he lives right down the road, Pastor Franklin Graham.

Franklin Graham: Thank you, Mr. President. And I would like to just to take a second to pray for this man. Will you join me? Our Father and our God, we pray for our President. Protect him and his family, and protect our nation. And we pray this in Jesus name. Amen.

Donald Trump: You take care of yourself, Franklin. It's a great honor. That's the good genes right there, right? That's good genes. Billy Graham. How good was Billy Graham, right? Nobody liked Billy. After years of rebuilding foreign countries, we are finally rebuilding our country. For 47 years the Democrats viciously, and brutally, repeatedly attacked -- and you know what we're talking about 'cause it was led by a man named Joe Biden.

Donald Trump: Black Americans, they attacked, decimated the black middle class and called young black men super predators. To every black American, I am asking for you to vote. You have to vote on Tuesday. You can send a message on Tuesday to the corrupt Democrat establishment. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: We've had tremendous support. And by the way, just so you understand. I don't want to look at all those cameras. Oh, they're all blazing. You ready? So we're doing so well. And one of the great things that's happened is, our African American vote, our black community vote is way up. And they're all saying, "Wow.

Donald Trump: Wow." They're all saying, everybody back there is saying "Wow. That's amazing." That's what's happening in Florida. That's what's happening here, that's what's happening all over. This is your one and only chance to show sleepy Joe Biden what you think of his decisions to attack, insult, jail you. 1994 bill.

Donald Trump: I'm fighting for you. And if you look at what we've done, just quickly. Criminal justice reform, prison reform. Opportunity zones with Tim Scott. Historically Black Colleges and Universities, long-term funding. They had no funding. They had, every year, they had to come back and ask for funding. I said, "Nope.

Donald Trump: We gotta get you long-term funding." We got 'em more money than they wanted. They needed it. Under my leadership, we achieved the most secure United States border in the history of our country. Biden would make every city in America a sanctuary city, which is not good. And it's not Biden. It's not Biden.

Donald Trump: It's his handlers. I believe our country should be a sanctuary for law-abiding American citizens. The Biden-Harris plan would also increase refugees 700 percent, opening floodgates to radical Islamic terrorism. You see what's happening in France. I'm keeping terrorists, jihadists, and violent extremists out of our country.

Donald Trump: And you know? So I was asked on this very windy night, speaking of that, to do a thing that we used to do during the campaign. I'll do it. Has anyone heard of The Snake? Have you heard it? Should I do it? So this has to do with this subject. And it's been a long time since I've done this one, but, so many people are asking.

Donald Trump: You ready? The Snake. On her way to work one morning, down the path along the lake, a tender-hearted woman saw a poor, half-frozen snake. His pretty colored skin had been all frosted with the dew. 'Poor thing,' she cried. 'I'll take you in, and I'll take care of you.' 'Take me in, oh, tender woman. Take me in, for Heaven's sake.

Donald Trump: Take me in, oh, tender woman,' sighed that vicious snake. She wrapped him up all cozy in a comforter of silk. And she laid him by the fireside with some honey and some milk. She hurried home from work that night as soon as she arrived, she found that pretty snake she'd taken in, had been revived. 'Take me in, oh, tender woman.

Donald Trump: Take me in, for Heaven's sake. Take me in, oh, tender woman,' sighed that vicious snake. She clutched him to her bosom. 'You're so beautiful,' she cried. 'But I hadn't brought you in by now, you know you would have died.' She stroked his pretty skin again, and kissed and held him tight. But instead of saying 'thank you,' the snake gave her a vicious bite. 'Take me in, oh, tender woman.

Donald Trump: Take me in, for Heaven's sake. Take me in, oh, tender woman,' sighed that vicious snake. 'I saved you,' cried the woman. 'And you've bitten me. But why? You knew your bite was poisonous, and now I'm going to die.' 'Shut up, silly woman,' said the reptile with a grin. 'You knew damn well I was a snake before you took me in.' So, I've been asked by so many people.

Donald Trump: I've been asked to do that one by so many people. But that pertains a little bit to what we see going on. You look at, uh, Paris and you look at the attacks over the last week. And you look at what's happening. And we are doing very well. We are doing very well. We have a very strong policy. We put in a ban that a lot of people were upset about.

Donald Trump: And now they're saying, "Thank you very much for the ban. We appreciate it very much." We invested 2.5 trillion dollars in the U.S. military. We also passed V.A. Choice and V.A. Accountability for our great vets. We have a 91 percent approval rating with our vets; the highest by a lot in history. At my direction, the United States military conducted a successful operation to rescue an American hostage last night.

Donald Trump: Kidnapped overseas. Just 96 hours earlier. Incredible people. The U.S. Special Forces brilliantly executed a daring nighttime operation. Over the last four years, we have rescued a record 55 hostages and detainees in more than 24 countries and we pay nothing. 'Cause once you pay, those numbers go very high.

Donald Trump: But this operation should serve as a stark warning to terrorists and thugs who try to kidnap our people. You cannot escape the long reach of American military and American justice. So, this happened last night. We're very proud of them. I was at -- I was at Fort Bragg -- Oh, by the way, we're leaving the name Fort Bragg, in case you had any questions.

Donald Trump: Let that word out, if you don't mind. Cancel culture. Let's cancel -- Let's change everything. No, we're leaving the name Fort Bragg. A lot of -- We won two world wars out of Fort Bragg and other great places. Gee, let's change the name of Fort Bragg. We obliterated the Isis caliphate and we killed the leader of ISIS, al-Baghdadi.

Donald Trump: We eliminated the mass murder of U.S. troops, [Inaudible] is dead. I withdrew from the last administrations disastrous Iran nuclear deal. I recognize the capital of Israel and opened the American Embassy in Jerusalem. I also recognized Israelis sovereignty over the Golan Heights. 52 years they negotiated that deal.

Donald Trump: We did it in less than 2 hours. And we are now forging peace in the middle east. It's already three countries and they're lined up. A vote for me and the republican party is a vote to save the American dream. And in conclusion, over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing super power of the world and we will end our reliance on China once and for all.

Donald Trump: We will hire more police, increase penalties on law enforcement, and we will ban deadly sanctuary cities. With God's help, we will defend the right to life, religious liberty free speech, and the right to keep and bear arms, your second amendment. Which sleepy Joe will not be doing any of that. We will maintain America's unrivaled military might and we will ensure peace through strength.

Donald Trump: And we are the envy of the world military. 2.5 trillion dollars, but we have the finest missiles and rockets and tanks and jets. But we've done submarines. We have the greatest military and our nuclear arsenal has been updated and is in tippy top shape. And only hope to God we never have to use it. Hope to God we never have to use it.

Donald Trump: We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency starts on January first. All done. Lower drug prices even more. Gonna bring 'em down to the lowest anywhere in the world. I've exercised a thing called favorite nations. The drug companies do not like me too much. And we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions.

Donald Trump: America will land the first woman on the moon and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education to our schools. We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag.

Donald Trump: And we will live by the timeless words of our national motto, in God we trust. For years you had a president who apologized for America, now you have a president who is standing up for America and standing up for the great people of North Carolina. Two days from now, America's fate is in your hands. You must get out and vote.

Donald Trump: This is the most important election possibly in the history of our country. You must let everyone know. Go get 'em. Go grab your family. Grab your boss. Grab your co-workers. Grab 'em all. Gotta get out and vote, so important. From Asheville to Charlotte, from Wilmington to Rawley and from Greensboro to right here in Hickory.

Donald Trump: Great place. Greatest furniture in the world. I bought plenty of it. And it's much better than what they make in China, that I can tell you. I know it well. Has a big difference. We inherit the legacy of red-blooded American patriots who gave their blood, sweat and tears to defend our country and to defend our freedom.

Donald Trump: We stand on the shoulders of American heroes, right? These are great, great heroes who crossed the oceans, settled a continent, tamed the wilderness, laid down the railroads, raised up the great skyscrapers, won two world wars, defeated Fascism and Communism, and made America into the single greatest nation in the history of the world and the best is yet to come.

Donald Trump: Proud citizens like you helped build this country and together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people. With your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working. We are going to keep on fighting. And we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning.

Donald Trump: Vote for Tom. Get Tom in there, right? We are one movement, one people, one family and one glorious nation under God. And together with the incredible people of North Carolina, we have made America powerful again, our military. We have made America wealthy again. We have made America strong again. We have made America proud again.

Donald Trump: We have made America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you, North Carolina. Go out and vote. Thank you. Thank you.