Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-campaign-rally-mosinee-wisconsin-september-17-2020

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. That is a beautiful sight right behind me. That's a beautiful sight. Thank you very much. And a very big hello, Wisconsin. We've been very good together. And I'm thrilled to be with thousands of loyal, hardworking, American patriots. Forty-seven days from now we're going to win Wisconsin.

Donald Trump: And we're going to win four more years in the White House. This is the most important election in the history of our country. I feel that way so strongly, so do you. Joe Biden devoted his entire career to offshoring Wisconsin jobs, outsourcing your factories, throwing open your borders, dragging us into endless ridiculous foreign wars, and surrendering your children's future to China.

Donald Trump: You know what he's been doing? I just see he's up there tonight getting softball questions from Anderson Cooper. They don't ask me questions like that. And the audience isn't quite like this. You see what is on it? They've got cars. They've -- like cars in a parking lot. The weirdest thing I've ever seen.

Donald Trump: And CNN is going, "Oh, this is so beautiful." it's not beautiful, they have cars in a parking lot. What a deal, I'll tell you, what a deal. Biden supported every disastrous, global sell out for half a century including NAFTA, China. You take a look at China's entry into the World Trade Organization and TPP.

Donald Trump: He supported them all. Biden surrendered your jobs to China, and you know that. I probably wouldn't be here if it weren't for that. It was one of the big things. One of the big reasons I decided to say to my great wife, our First Lady, "Let's go have some fun. Let's go have some fun." and she's done a great job and very popular.

Donald Trump: The family is all over the place, all over the country. But unlike Joe, who let you down, where he never even came back to Milwaukee to apologize or just to pay respects, I came to Wisconsin and I've been here a lot since -- since we started this. A lot. And you've been a tremendous beneficiary of what I've done.

Donald Trump: And I have to because you've been with me, you've supported me and we've had great victories together, all victories. So I want to thank you. Now, Biden wants to surrender our country to the violent left-wing mob. You see what's happen. If Biden wins, very simple, China wins. If Biden wins, the mob wins.

Donald Trump: If Biden wins, the rioters, anarchists, arsonists, and flag burners, they win, and we're not into flag burners. We don't like flag burners, I'd like to say pass a law one year in jail. You start burning flags, we put you in jail for years. We should do that. I would have done that, it's a different world, I guess, but it's sort of coming back to the way we have to have it because we're for law and order.

Donald Trump: They say, "Don't use that term, it's too tough." No, everybody wants law and order, minorities want law and order, everybody wants law and order. They have to have it. I'm running for the re-election and a very important re-election to bring jobs and factories back and that's a continuation because I don't know if you know it, the single greatest year Wisconsin has ever had was last year.

Donald Trump: The second-best year that Wisconsin has ever had was the year before. And guess what the third was, the year before that. And you'll get to have your best year economically, next year, it's all heading in that direction. Despite the pandemic given to us by China. But we want to put the violent criminals behind bars and we have to ensure the future belongs to America, not to China, not to other very terrible forces out there.

Donald Trump: Because if we win, very simply, America wins, and that's what we want. We want this great country to win. Over the last three and a half years, we've secured America's borders, fix the disastrous trade deals. They have been the worst ever. Not even -- it was not even -- when I looked at these, I studied them and I used to talk about them.

Donald Trump: They had to be bad. When I started studying, I said, "Who are the people that made these deals?" grossly incompetent people. Brought back our manufacturing jobs, rebuilt the awesome power of the U.S. military, and obliterated the ISIS caliphate. We obliterated it. Obama was not able to do it. He was unable to come close.

Donald Trump: It was just announced that in 2019, before the virus came in from China, we grew median income by a record of $4,400 in just one year, achieving the highest median income in U.S. history. That's in the history of our country. In the first three years, we lifted 6.6 million people out of poverty. The largest poverty reduction of any President in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: That's not bad. And I didn't even make these numbers up, these are numbers that sound good to me. We built the greatest economy in the history of the world. This is the greatest economy in the history of the world. Then the -- then the virus came in, we closed it down, we saved millions and millions of lives, would be a two and a half million, 2 million, 3 million, a number that would not be sustainable, would not be acceptable, a horrible number that shouldn't have been one person that died.

Donald Trump: It should have been stopped in China. They stopped it for their country, but it came out to us, to Europe, to the rest of the world, 188 countries. We will deliver a safe and effective vaccine before the end of the year and it could be very, very soon, you've been seeing what's going. Could be very, very soon.

Donald Trump: Could be -- It's amazing how all of a sudden they hate the vaccine. When they thought it couldn't be done they said, "Well, he can't -- He's got to get a vaccine." and then all of a sudden, they're looking like it's going to be very close. We're doing great, we're doing great with vaccines and therapeutics from the severe -- all sorts of other things that are bringing the rates down, like, at numbers that nobody can believe.

Donald Trump: But we have three vaccines right now. They're in the final stage, clinical trials. We worked it for the FDA where they approved it fast. They worked very fast, very quick, at levels that nobody else could have ever achieved. No other administration, certainly the last one because the last one was grossly incompetent.

Donald Trump: In fact, that's why I'm here. Because if it was good, I wouldn't have run. If they did their job, I wouldn't have run. I was very happy in my other life. I was very happy, but I'm very happy in this life, more happy, because nobody has produced in three and a half years, the first three and a half years, nobody has done what we have been able to do.

Donald Trump: Nobody. So we'll defeat the virus and next year we'll be, truly, I think from an economic standpoint and from other standpoints, maybe the best year of all. Hard to believe, we're going so fast. The numbers have been incredible. We've had employment numbers, the best ever. We've had retail sales numbers, the best ever.

Donald Trump: You see them all, they come out every day and our stock market is, for the most part of it, too high. And if people have 401(k)s, if you want to have your 401(k) go down, like two depression levels, I think you should vote for a Sleepy Joe because he's going to raise your interest. He'll be raising your interest rates.

Donald Trump: You know, I watch him though, he's denying all this up. You know everything that he said, he's now denying. He said, "No fracking." right?, "There will be no fracking." during the -- he didn't know what fracking was, but he said there's no fracking. The reason is because everybody else, all of the radical-left candidates up there, they couldn't get too far left, so Joe agreed.

Donald Trump: Then he gets the nomination. Now they're all angry. You know that Crazy, Bernie, all of the left Democrats, they don't want to vote for him anymore because he made promises and now all of a sudden he forgot that he said no fracking. He said, "Well, now we can do some fracking." But you know, remember this: in politics, it's always the thing that they say first, that's what they get to do, no guns, no religion, no energy, no oil.

Donald Trump: Remember that. Remember. He put Beto in charge of his gun policy, right? Beto, Crazy Beto. Remember when Beto went out? He said, "I was born for this." and that's what it all came down. As soon as I heard that, anybody said they were born for this? It doesn't play well, but he's in charge of the Second Amendment and you won't have a Second Amendment.

Donald Trump: Frankly, you wouldn't have a Second Amendment if I didn't get elected, it would have been obliterated or would have been torn up. Maybe it would have been totally knocked out. But there's tremendous pressure on your Second Amendment, as long as I'm here, you'll always have a Second Amendment. But I -- I want to just say, you know, they do disinformation, they make up a phony story and then they go with it.

Donald Trump: They make up a totally phony story. It's -- it's called disinformation. And one of the things -- What they did, the worst of all was the soldiers because nobody loves our soldiers like I do. And they made up a phony deal. And that's why I say the gloves are off because, you know, when they do that, that's worse than what I'm going to talk to you about.

Donald Trump: That's Big Ten, you know, we got it back, right. We got Big Ten. We got the soldier's story about standing over the graves. You know the one I'm talking about, then they do a commercial and I said, "The good news about that is the gloves are off." I can now call him grossly incompetent. The man is incompetent.

Donald Trump: He's been there for 47 years. He didn't do a thing. Now, all of a sudden, in years where he was never considered smart, but now he's really not considered as smart. And now all of a sudden he's going to do what he never did in 47 years. He's going to do this and that and everything that I'm doing, everything that we're doing.

Donald Trump: But I want to congratulate the Big Ten conference on yesterday's announcement that the fall season will start very soon. Oh, I hope your team does well after all that. I hope that team does well. But I especially want to thank a football legend who is great. Wisconsin's own, Barry Alvarez, he was good. Good.

Donald Trump: Got to be careful when you do that. You know, a lot of times, you don't like people too much. They'd say, "Oh, we're not --" but he's a good man. We worked with him. We worked with the whole group, including the commissioner, did a very very good job, did a very good job. But we call them, and the reason is that they would took an ad, in other words, another one, disinformation.

Donald Trump: They took an ad saying I was against football. I'm the one that said they shouldn't close. But I said that you know, they close, they close. But then they took an ad saying I'm the one -- I didn't want it. I wanted it closed. So then I said, "Well, I don't. I want it open." Let me call up the commissioner, we called up the commissioner and he was great.

Donald Trump: He said, "You really think so?" And bottom line, we worked very hard, lots of calls to lots of different states, lots of people. We dealt with the players, the parents of the players who are really the boss. It's OK, I won't say that. But these are players that have a shot at the NFL. They have a shot at pro football.

Donald Trump: We want the NFL to proudly stand when they sing our national anthem, right, or their ratings are going to continue to go down like they did last weekend, down 27% because people don't want that. You know what, we have enough politics, right? We have politics here, we have politics all over. In fact, sometimes, I have to turn it off.

Donald Trump: I'm just -- I can't do it anymore. I can't watch me. It's always -- I can't watch me. I can't watch. But no, we have enough politics. We don't want to watch Now on Sunday. Oh, here we go again with the politics. Let them play football, let them stand and salute or put your hand on your heart and be proud of our country and be proud of our great American flag and then go home to the mansion and have a good time, take a nice sauna, and then if you want, after you recover, you come out, and you go and you do your thing, whatever that thing may be.

Donald Trump: But people don't want to see it. And the ratings are down, here we go again. You know, I thought we taught them that less than two years ago, didn't we think? I thought we taught that lesson. But Biden would absolutely eradicate your state's economy. I know this state very well. It's one of the reasons I made that great deal with Canada and Mexico.

Donald Trump: But Canada because they were taking advantage of you so badly on your dairy products. You know you had a 287% tariff on your dairy products with Canada. People don't realize, Canada is one of the toughest negotiators and they treated your state and this country very unfairly until I came along. Very, very unfairly.

Donald Trump: Did you know that? 287, but I saw some farmers and this was like the straw that broke the camel's back, they had something called specialty milk. Does anybody know what that is? Right, you know. A lot of people -- It's a small little grouping of milk's -- specialty milk, but this was the final straw. And I met some people and Canada finally did it to them like they did it to everybody else and they raised the tariffs massively.

Donald Trump: That made it impossible. They tried to take over that business too, along with all of the other dairy products where it was just massive and horrible what they did, and that really got me going. It's a little specialty milk, specialty products, a small portion, but you know what, that was it. And we have a great deal The USMCA is a great deal and I'm very honored to have done it.

Donald Trump: But it was all because of specialty milk and the way you were taken advantage of by Canada. You know they have the wonderful, "Oh, Canada." we love to hear the song, right. But let me tell you, they are very tough and they've taken advantage of our country for many, many years and I will tell you this, they're not so happy now, but at least they got a deal.

Donald Trump: But you're happy and it's about time you were happy. You now have a great deal and you're not going to have your companies leaving for Mexico anymore or Canada and you're not going to have them make your product in Mexico or Canada, send it over here with no tariff, with no tax. Where we lose tax, we lose jobs, we lose our companies, we lose everything, and they make a lot of money selling the product to us, same product.

Donald Trump: So we're not doing that stuff anymore. There's a tremendous disincentive. It's called like, let's not do it. And you haven't seen that lately. You haven't seen too many companies leaving, have you? That's sort of an amazing thing. It's a little bit like what we did with the statues. So on the statues, they were knocking them down three or four months ago.

Donald Trump: I said, "Do we have any laws?", "No. But there was a very old law." I said, "What was it?", "You get ten years in jail, ten years in prison --" they actually used the word prison, which is a tough word. "You get ten years in prison if you knock down a statue or a monument." I said, "Let me see that law. I want to see that law." Right?

Donald Trump: Glenn, Right? I want to see that law. Where's Duffy, is he there? Oh, look at that guy, he's climbing trees tomorrow. And Rachel, oh Rachel, he was a good climber. You think he could climb up a tree faster than me? I think so. So I just want to tell you. So what we've done in a very, very short period of time is what nobody thought and we came in and we did it and we did it for you and we did it for everybody, we did it for our country.

Donald Trump: But we wouldn't have a country left. What was happening to our country, how we were taken advantage, now we have to get four more years to submit it and to do additional things including tax cuts. They're going to raise your taxes. They're going to raise your taxes very substantially. We're cutting your taxes.

Donald Trump: We got you the biggest tax cut in history and we're going down lower, it's called growth. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. [Audience chants "Four more years"] Thank you very much. So big tax cuts, big regulation cuts. The Democrats, they want to -- Democrats, they want to just really break this down in terms of our competitive ability to compete with other nations.

Donald Trump: You notice what's happening with Japan, you know what -- Notice what's hap- We have taken billions and billions of dollars in from China. We charge them a fortune. In fact, many farmers in this group because you got to love Trump. I gave you $28 billion, right? Thank you very much, China, right? You were targeted12 billion, Sonny Perdue, secretary of agriculture.

Donald Trump: I said, "Sonny, how much have they been hit for, targeted for?" Remember when China said we're not going to do anything, we're not buying, we're -- You know, they thought they were going to put pressure on us. Sonny said, "Sir, 12 billion the year before last and last year was 16, total of 28 billion." We took 28 billion out of the tariffs.

Donald Trump: China never paid us 10 cents, not 10 cents with Obama and Biden. And in all fairness, with no president, they paid us nothing. They pay off -- they pay us now tens of billions of dollars. I took a small portion of it, I added it up 16 and 12, 28. And I said, "$28 billion is going to the farmers." Did everybody get that money, right?

Donald Trump: You had a very good year. You know, the farmers have had a very good year. Last week, China ordered -- and you have to understand, I view China differently now than I did six months ago. We made a great trade deal, but I view it differently because I don't know if I can ever view it the same. But last week -- they know how I feel and they're very smart.

Donald Trump: So instead of saying we're not going to do business, which would have been OK with me, we would've worked it out. Somehow you would have been very successful, the farmers. But last week, they had the largest order of corn. Did you know this? In the history of our country. Did anyone know this? The farmers.

Donald Trump: From China, thank you very much. The largest order of soybeans in the history of our country and one of the largest cattle orders in the history of our country. Because they're very smart. Somebody else would have said, "Well, let's not do business." and then it would have been easy for me. But they gave us so much, I have every farmer calling up saying, "Please, do me a favor." We love this.

Donald Trump: We love this. This is a great deal. It's a great deal, but we feel differently about it, don't we? We just feel differently about it. I don't talk about it like I used, I talked about it, it was great. And it turned out to be a great deal, but I don't talk about it the same way. At no time before, has there been a clearer choice between two parties, two visions, two philosophies, or two agendas for the future than these two parties?

Donald Trump: You got law and order on one side and you have chaos on the other. On November 3rd, Wisconsin will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity or whether we will allow Biden and the Democrats to impose a four trillion-dollar tax hike, ban American energy, confiscate your guns, which is what they want to do, shut down the economy, destroy the suburbs, you know they were destroying our suburbs, you know that, right?

Donald Trump: I don't know if somebody said you're just doing OK in the suburbs. I said, "How can I do OK? I save the suburbs, what I've done is saved the suburbs." and you know this, I don't have to go into it, but I save the suburbs. I think the suburbs -- You know that last time, four years ago, "Oh, he's not going to do well with women.

Donald Trump: I did great with women. They said, "Well, do a big thing." Remember that? Election eve. "He won't do well. This will be a very short --" Not doing well with women. I did great, they said at the end of the night after they announced I won. They said, What happened? Well, he did very well with women. I don't know what happened there.

Donald Trump: They said, "He did very well with the African-American community. He did very well with the Hispanics. They said he did very well with everything. We kicked their ass. That was -- No, but was that one of the greatest evenings ever? Remember? And remember all the fake news. Look at all -- Oh lot, that's a lot of people back there.

Donald Trump: Look at that. The red lights are on. Don't worry, I won't say anything bad about you, CNN. Because as soon as I see -- As soon as I'm getting ready to say something about fake news, etc., etc., the lights start going off. So I'm not going to -- Whoops, one just went off. You can tell by the lights. They got that little beautiful red light.

Donald Trump: You see it? But I won't say anything bad about it, but they are fakers. And do you remember when they -- Remember when they were saying that the polls are terrible. Actually, these polls are very good compared -- That was so bad, it was like, why did anybody vote? They called suppression polls. They make him so bad that you lose all your appetite, you lose all your spirit, they take your guts out, and you know, go and vote.

Donald Trump: And your wife looks at you and said, "Darling, I love that guy, but he's not going to win, he doesn't have a chance because the polls, he's down 10., he's down 20, down 50 points, Darling. He can't possibly win. Let's go have dinner and then we'll come home and watch his concession speech." But my people didn't buy that because my people went out to vote.

Donald Trump: And instead, we watched her concession speech. That was crooked Hillary. That was a real piece of work. Remember when she would say, "Will you accept the decision of the voters? Will you accept that decision?" And I didn't -- You know, I was imperfect, I said, "I'll see how it works out." I mean I should have said, "Yes, I will." but I couldn't do that because I know how crooked she is, right.

Donald Trump: Would you just -- would you accept that decision? You know, and then the -- the anchor said to be like, "Well, will you accept?" You know, they're coming after me, I said, "You're supposed to be going after her a little bit too." Did you ever see debates where you had all of the anchors plus the candidates against me?

Donald Trump: And here we said, "Is that Air Force One?" "Yes, that's Air Force." How did that happen? Now we had it. A lot of time I'd say that the anchors say, wait a minute, wait a minute, this isn't fair. I mean, I'm watching what they're doing with Biden, where he's using teleprompters, "Move it up, move it up. I can't see, I can't see." He's shot, he's shot.

Donald Trump: Now, President Xi of China is not shot. Putin is not shot. Kim Jong-un, remember, we're supposed to be in a war with him. What happened to the war? We're not -- no, it seems to be good. Did you see the Middle East two days ago? Remember our incompetent negotiator, John Kerry, he never got up to walk, the guy's getting beaten in every point.

Donald Trump: I say, "Walk, walk. Get up and leave the table, you're giving up." They say, "We want this." he said, "Well, I'd rather not." "We want this." OK, you got it.", "We want that.", "You got it.", "We want that." Say no and walk. They'll probably, possibly, call you back and if they don't, that's OK too. But right now, I will tell you, Iran, if we win, Iran will be calling us within the first week.

Donald Trump: They're dying to make a deal. GDP down 27%. They don't have too much money for terror anymore. It's actually amazing. Do you know notice what's going on? Now, I don't want to speak too loud, but I did put out on social media the other day that if they hit us in any way, any form, written instructions already done.

Donald Trump: We're going to hit them 1,000 times harder than we've ever hit them before. So hopefully, they will just come and we'll make a deal and they'll go back to being a rich country, let him go back and be rich, but they cannot have a nuclear weapon, they cannot.That deal was so bad that Obama made 150 billion.

Donald Trump: They got one $150 billion for nothing. You know, the deal is practically -- If I didn't terminate it, which I'm proud to have done, but if I didn't terminate it, and they got 1.8 billion in cash, how about that? If I didn't terminate that stupid deal, first of all, you wouldn't have the deal in the Middle East and all these countries are joining.

Donald Trump: It's happening fast. They're all wanted. They want to all join. We did it, you know, the reverse, we did it the re -- Thank you very much. Thank you very much. [Audience shouts "Nobel Peace Prize"] Yes, sir, thank you very much. I knew I liked you, you know, so the Nobel Peace Prize. So the funny thing, a lot of people don't know it because the fake news isn't right about it.

Donald Trump: So if you're a President, right, and you are nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize, here the United States, no, but think of this. That's a big deal. I mean, Obama got it, like, in his first couple of weeks and nobody knew why he got it including him. Remember -- He couldn't tell you why. He had no idea to this day.

Donald Trump: He has no idea why he got it. But if you're a President and you get nominated, then two days later you get nominated. Did you know this? A second time for a different deal Kosovo, Serbia, they've been killing each other for hundreds of years. I stopped a lot of death and I did it like, easy. It wasn't hard for me.

Donald Trump: It's sort of a natural thing to do. But we did a good thing. But you know what? They did a check. So I got nominated twice for the Nobel Peace Prize. That's a big deal. I don't know. I should have gotten nominated seven times because we did a lot of other things, but these are for two different deals. And not one mention it was made on the evening news, think of it.

Donald Trump: Now, when Obama got it, it was -- Headlines, headlines: Our President just got the Nobel Peace Prize. He was just nominated. Headlines: like his first little while he got it. And to this day, and frankly, he did a lousy job, he was a lousy President. He really was. And his Vice President, I'll tell you what, his Vice President was very good for --You know who?

Donald Trump: For Hunter. Where's Hunter? Where's -- Remember the quid pro quo? Remember? I'm not giving them that billion dollars unless you get rid of that prosecutor, and whoa, they got rid of the prosecutor, here's the billion, right? But they don't want to play that too often. You know, you have to look around for it.

Donald Trump: Nah, it's a very unfair deal. But as the expression goes: we won, I don't know how the hell we did it, if you think about it. But when you look at the opposition, when you look at how unfair it is and these guys know very well. You look at how unfair it is, it's pretty damn good, but we have a lot of support.

Donald Trump: We have tremendous support of the people. These rallies, look at this rally, these rallies. These rallies are incredible. And I will tell you, Sean, I think these rallies -- I think there's more spirit this year than there was four years ago and we had a record, right? There's more enthusiasm. I think it's the biggest enthusiasm gap ever polled.

Donald Trump: I begin -- I'm not a believer in the polls, but I believe that one is the biggest enthusiasm gap. He's got no enthusiasm. The only enthusiasm is for the people that want to beat us, they want to beat me. That's his only -- That's the only thing he's got. The people that want to -- They couldn't care less about him.

Donald Trump: He could be that piece of wood that was left on the ground. Biden will hand the left-wing mob the keys to your kids' classroom. Earlier today, I took a historic stand against the hateful lies being fed to America's youth, their parents know all about it. And I -- I checked they're doing it in Wisconsin too.

Donald Trump: I -- You know, I'm a little surprised, little surprised. You -- I'm a little surprised. I know you'd be -- I'm a little surprised you let it happen, actually. But we're going to get rid of it. I announced it. We're launching a new pro-American lesson plan for students called 1776 commission. We're going to teach our children the truth about America.

Donald Trump: That we're the most exceptional nation ever to exist and we're getting better every single day. Sleepy Joe Biden is wholly owned and controlled by the far left. He even opposed sending the National Guard into a place called Kenosha. Did you ever hear of Kenosha? How about that, did we do a good job? Now, I mean, I wish we did it a little sooner, but we finally got your governors OK.

Donald Trump: You know, we have to do that. If we got to get the governors to say, please do it, how they don't do it, how they don't do it in some other places, when you look at what's going on with Chicago, right? When you look at what's going on with Portland, those are just anarchists. You know how long it would take us to fix up Portland in terms of ending it all?

Donald Trump: I'd say, far less than an hour, I'd say a half hour. Look at we did at Minneapolis. You know we're doing well in Minnesota because they saw what happened. Now, they shouldn't have allowed it to go on for 11 days. They should call this immediately. But you remember that beautiful night? Nice evening. A little problem, there were a lot of buildings in the background that were burning down to the ground.

Donald Trump: As reporters said, "No, this is a peaceful protest, OK." By the way, officially, this is called a protest. You know that. We no longer call it rallies, we don't use the term rally, OK? Rachel knows. We don't call them rallies anymore, because you know you're not allowed to have a political rally for more than 10 people.

Donald Trump: You're not allowed to go to church, you're not allowed to meet, you're not allowed to talk to anybody. You have to stay in a prison. Your home has become your prison. And then I'm saying, "Well, what are you allowed to do?", "Sir you're not allowed to do anything. I mean, there is one thing, but it doesn't pertain to you.", "What is it?", "Well, you are allowed to protest.", "Oh, really?

Donald Trump: Oh!" Hence the name. We call them friendly protest. So these are protests, so it's totally allowed. This is a protest. Remember. When they walk out and when you walk outside, why do you consider this? Did you enjoy the rally? No, I -- I really -- This is a protest, I'm sorry. No, they had a little line and bottom I don't know if it's your state, but a couple of them.

Donald Trump: They have -- You're allowed to protest. So you can't go to church, but you can rip the hell out of the streets of Main Street and 5th Avenue, break up the stores, burn down the buildings, climb over each other's face. You can climb right over their face. You don't have to wear masks, you don't have to do anything.

Donald Trump: Twenty-five thousand people walking down the street, looters, anarchists, agitators, burning down stores, throwing things at police. They've taken the authority away from our police, our great police. They've taken their authority and their dignity away. We're giving it back, we have to, we have to. By the way, I was endorsed by New York's finest and we're with them all the way.

Donald Trump: I was just endorsed two days ago by Chicago police. I think that takes courage, right? Philadelphia, Florida, Texas, everybody, Ohio. I don't know. Did anybody -- Is there one group of -- Even if it was a tiny little group with two or three police, did anybody endorse Sleepy Joe? I don't think so. But we did a great job in Kenosha.

Donald Trump: We got out there. We -- I went there, as you know, a little while ago, but had we not gone in that place would -- it would have been burned to the ground. They did damage. We should have gone in. I wanted to go in the first night, we would have stopped it immediately. But it was a great outcome, as was in Minnesota, again, if they would have called us early, it would have been over.

Donald Trump: Portland, I'd love to go there. That would be so easy. You know in Seattle, they heard we were coming in, they gave up, they heard we -- I said, "That's enough we're going in, I don't care we're going in.", "Do you have permission?", "No, we're going in." They took over a chunk of the city and when they heard we were going in it's like, "Well, we give up that's it." That was the end of the Seattle problem.

Donald Trump: Now, it's a terrible thing that's going on. All in Democratic-run, super liberal-run cities. They're red -- They're red cities, our are doing great, I think, we're doing great all over, the Republican cities. You know we're fair. We're not stupid. How stupid these people are. Did you see Chicago? Forty-eight people shot, six died.

Donald Trump: You know we're in Afghanistan, we're pulling the troops, you know, that we're coming back, we're almost finished. We're pulling, finally, these endless wars, these endless wars and we had to fight other things and -- but we've done a great job, but we're acting like a police force over there. Now, we're pulling troops we're almost out of Iraq.

Donald Trump: That's another one, we're down to about two thousand troops. Did you know that, John? Two thousand troops. So, Syria we're out, but we kept the oil. So we have some -- Was it OK that we at least kept the oil? You know I feel badly because we have some troops -- "Oh, you haven't pulled the troops." No, no, we're gone.

Donald Trump: We pulled all the troops out of Syria. Remember we're supposed to be guarding the border between Syria and Turkey. I said, "Why are we doing that?" They said, "Well, you know, we are." I said, "Wait a minute, we have an army of 100,000 here. An army of 25, 30,000 here. We got 5,000 soldiers, I mean, it's a very dangerous position to be in.

Donald Trump: I don't like it. They've been guarding their own borders with different names for a thousand years. Why the hell do we have to be over there guarding their border? We want to go to our own borders, right? Where we're doing very well. Where we're doing very well. We're doing great in our southern border. You know, I hate to say this, but that wall is going up very rapidly, 10 miles a week.

Donald Trump: We're up to 330 miles, and that wall will be finished very soon. You think that was easy? That was not easy. Our great congressman over here. That was not easy. The Democrats were totally in favor of the wall until I said when I came in, "We will build the wall." Soon as I said it they were against the wall.

Donald Trump: They said, "We don't want you to build a wall. Walls don't work." I said, "No, no. Walls always work." You know what else works? The wheel. The wheel and the wall. You can go back, come back in a thousand years from now. The only two things I know for sure, you can have a wheel and you can have a wall. The computers that come up with a brand new computer, it's genius, 12 days later it's obsolete.

Donald Trump: But walls are never obsolete, neither are wheels. So -- So I made one mistake, and I tell this to these guys because they were great warriors for me, the congressman. They were incredible, actually. I tell it to them. I should have said, "Instead of we will build the wall. We will build the wall, we will build --" then the Democrats held us [Inaudible] us, fought us and sued us and everything else, and now we won so many lawsuits on the wall and we had the military money.

Donald Trump: I could build, like, 10 walls with all the money we have, it's the craziest thing. Maybe we'll build it double thick or we'll go twice as high. Now, but the wall is great. Everything -- everything that they wanted. But I made one mistake. I should have said, "We will not build a wall." Then they would have insisted that we build it.

Donald Trump: I could have saved two years of litigation. We will not build a wall under any circumstances. Then Pelosi would say, "We demand that you build a wall." These people are terrible. Crazy Nancy, crazy as a bedbug. She's crazy as a bedbug. She decided to make a nice little stop in at the beauty parlor. How did that work out?

Donald Trump: Not too good. It didn't work out too well. Can you imagine the owner of the beauty parlor is a MAGA lady? She loves Trump. Can you believe it? And I don't know what it is, but I think if I owned a beauty parlor, I had a customer, I'm not so sure I'd be turning her, right? The owner turned Nancy in. That's a lot of hate.

Donald Trump: That's serious hate, right? No, she's a great owner. As far as I'm concerned, I think she's fantastic. She's for us. They said, "What made you do it? You know what she said? "Because I see how hard our President has to work. I see what they put him through. I see what he puts up with, and I turned her in." You know, how about that?

Donald Trump: How about that? How about that, huh? We're lovers. She can do my hair any time. I think maybe. I think I'm going to call her and check it out. Maybe you could do something, maybe you can improve it. It's not bad, though. I have friends that -- I have friends my age, they're not looking too good. Instead of standing up for America, Joe Biden, and the Democrats, they condemn America and war is always waged on our great law enforcement.

Donald Trump: We love our law enforcement. Kamala Harris. That's another great beauty, Kamala Harris, that's a beauty. Remember, I tell the story all the time. When you pick somebody, you pick somebody that's hot, that's going in the right direction, right? She came out. She was at like, 14, 15 in the polls and she started going down, down, down.

Donald Trump: It never stopped, it drove her crazy. She was terrible at the debates. Why do you see what -- Well, I don't want to put pressure on her, but what do you see what Mike Pence does to her in the debate? But I don't want to put -- I don't want to put pressure. Ah, Mike, do we have a great vice president? Isn't it great?

Donald Trump: He is great and he loves his state, loves all the states, actually, he's just a great American, but you remember his last debate, what he did to that character from Virginia? That one wasn't good. The other guy's jumping around rah, rah rah. Mike, is just sitting there. We love America we're going to lower your taxes.

Donald Trump: Thank you, you win. No, Mike is great. But Kamala Harris and 13 members of Biden's staff urged their supporters to donate to a fund to bail outriders, take them out of jail, get them out of jail as soon as possible, including one who attempted to murder a police officer, a man who is accused of sexually assaulting an 8-year-old girl.

Donald Trump: This is what we're dealing with. This is what we're dealing with. You know, Kamala was considered -- is considered further left than Crazy Bernie. Think of that. And they got there, I mean, seriously, watch. You know the manifesto that Biden -- and Biden -- It's not Biden, Biden is not agreeing to anything.

Donald Trump: His people, his representatives because Biden doesn't know he's alive. Let's not kid ourselves. Biden. Biden didn't agree. He didn't. They just told him what's happening. They said, "Listen you're against fracking, but now you have to be in favor of fracking because you lucked out." Elizabeth Warren decided not to drop out and when she stayed, Pocahontas, you know Pocahontas?

Donald Trump: Did anybody ever hear of her? She's another great one. Pocahontas. I said to a long time ago, "I've got more Indian blood in me than you do and I have none. I have none. Sadly. I'd love a little bit of it, but I have none. I said I -- and I turned out to be right. She choked and she went for a blood test.

Donald Trump: Remember. What was it? 1,024th, meaning, maybe 900 years ago, there was a little action going on. Crazy Pocahontas, she's a nasty one though, isn't she? She's a -- she's a terrible person. I was hoping that she'd win, so we could go after her. You know, because I think Kamala is not as smart, but she's a little bit less vicious.

Donald Trump: I think this, the one who treated Sleepy Joe the worst was Kamala. She accused him of -- me too, she accused him of everything, she accused him of -- that he was a racist, right? That he was a racist. Because what he's done to the black population of this country was a terrible thing. She's accused him of everything under the book, the busing, you remember the busing scandal?

Donald Trump: So I said brilliantly, "He'll never pick her because she was too terrible to him." She was the worst of everybody, by far, I would say, but she picked him, and hopefully, that's going to be history, it's not going to matter. And that is no way for a woman to become the first president, that's for sure. And if a woman is going to become the first president of the United States, it can't be her.

Donald Trump: That would rip our country apart. This is not what people want and she comes in through the back door. This would not be what people want, especially because it's her. Biden is called to end cash bail. You know that right? For vicious criminals, meaning if you assault a cop or anybody else, you're right back on the street the next day.

Donald Trump: He called for police and he calls them all the time the enemy. He says they're the enemy, and he just thinks it's terrible. He thinks it's terrible. Now he's liking the police much more. It's a little late. Remember. First instinct, that's where they're going and he has no choice because he has to. Because, again, I was going to say, the radical left hates him because they think he deceived them because they agreed in that manifesto.

Donald Trump: And that manifesto is seriously a leftist dream and he agreed from the Green New Deal, getting rid of your planes, no more airplane trips. Remember the crazy senator from Hawaii? Do you like the Green New Deal? "I love it very much.", he said. "Oh, OK, well, you're the senator from Hawaii." That's right.

Donald Trump: The beautiful island of Hawaii. She said, "Well, you know under the Green New Deal, you basically can't fly in an airplane.", "Oh, that's a problem." So they said they'd build a bridge from the mainland of Hawaii. 2,000 miles long, but these are minor detail. Now, remember her when they explained to her that you know, planes are out.

Donald Trump: Cows are ou. Cows. They don't want cattle, they don't want cows. Did they withdraw that one? That was a tough one, wasn't it? They don't want cows, bad for the ozone layer. Who would even think of that? I mean, you've got to be sick to even think it. OK, give me a break. Give me a break. And I guess under that theory, this big guy is next.

Donald Trump: He's next. No, it's -- it's a sick deal going out there. You know, to do it the way they want would cost $100 trillion. That's more money that this country could earn in a thousand years, OK. To do it right. We don't like that building, the windows are too large. OK, let's rip it down to build a new one.

Donald Trump: What windows are you going to have? We're not going to have windows anymore. Environmental. So, it's a -- You know they love wind too, right? The big windmills, the work -- I always say, the greatest graveyard in the world for birds, just walk under a windmill. You will see more dead birds than you will ever imagine.

Donald Trump: What's happening -- including eagles. You know, in California, they put you in jail if you shoot a bold eagle, right? You go to jail, right? These windmills are knocking him out of the sky all day long. It's unbelievable, and yet they want wind. And wind also, is very -- it's very hard to store the electricity from wind.

Donald Trump: So if you go home and you want to watch television because President Trump is on, and you want to watch one of his very brilliant State of the Union address. If the wind isn't blowing, the husband looks as the wife says, "Darling, I'm sorry you can't watch tonight, the wind is not blowing." And she looks at me, I like the old days much better.

Donald Trump: But the rhetoric of Biden and the radical left puts your law enforcement in serious danger. Last weekend, two Los Angeles sheriff's deputies were ambushed and shot at point-blank range and we have everybody looking for that creep that did it, and you know I called him an animal the other night, a citizen animal, and we were challenged by some people on the left. "He's not an animal, he's a human being." He's not a human being.

Donald Trump: They got to find him. They've got to find him and a penalty has to be very fast, very swift, and very, very severe. Can't do that. You know we called for the death penalty if you kill a policeman You know that, right? But the anti-police demonstrators they cheered and cheered when they saw this and then they tried to stop them from even getting into the hospital.

Donald Trump: As President, I'll always support the heroes of law enforcement and I'll fight to ensure that criminals, who murder police officers, do indeed get the death penalty. You know they want prisoners to vote too. They want it. I said, "So, what about like the Boston bomber? Remember Bernie Sanders? They want all prisoners to vote.

Donald Trump: Nice. Does that mean everybody? Yes. So we send it a question: Does that include the Boston bomber? Is he entitled to a vote? And even Bernie's going like, "Oh man, let's get into a different question. It's not a good question." But we want to get that. We want to take care of it. If you look at all of the problems that we have.

Donald Trump: You look at crime. Even somebody brought it up today. We're doing a great job relative to other countries on the coronavirus. You know how many names? We have like 22 different names. I call it the China virus. We're doing a great job. But if you want to really see a great job, take New York, and some of these other Democrat-run states out of it.

Donald Trump: You'll see numbers that are unbelievable because New York had a very, very hard time. A lot of bad things happened, but you take a few of the states out and you'll really see numbers, but by comparison to other countries and by almost all metrics, we've done an incredible job, including the job of helping the world with ventilators and all of the things that we built.

Donald Trump: And I think our task force has been incredible and Mike Pence has done a great job. Biden opposes the death penalty for cop killers or mass murderers. Biden says he wants to protect Black lives, but his radical platform will cut short the lives of thousands of African-American citizens. The Democrat Party's war on cops has already led to surging homicides in Democrat-controlled cities, yet Biden supports imposing these failed policies nationwide.

Donald Trump: They ask him, "What about nationwide? What about the fact that you just had your Democrat National Convention?" where, by the way we had far many more viewers. Millions and millions of more viewers. We add millions of more. We had -- I thought it was a great thing. Did anybody hear Herschel Walker that night?

Donald Trump: It was -- Right? You talk about a good football player, he was some player and what a great guy. But all of them, everybody. First Lady did great. Ivanka did great. They all did. They did great. We had some incre -- and some incredible stories, some very sad stories when you look and see what happened. But Biden's plan is to appease the domestic terrorists.

Donald Trump: My plan is to arrest the domestic terrorist. Joe Biden is a weak person. He's always been a weak person, and that was in primetime, and primetime was 25 years ago. And let me tell you, he's not old, I always defend him in this. I have friends that are 85, 89, 92, 95, and they're 100%. There's just something wrong with Joe.

Donald Trump: He's off, OK. He's off. And I have no problem saying it anymore when I watch the disinformation because this is not disinformation, this is fact. If he's elected, his radical supporters won't just be causing mayhem on the streets, they'll be running the Department of Justice, Department of Homeland Security, the Department of Education, and most importantly, they will put many judges on the United States Supreme Court.

Donald Trump: We can't have that. We'll have a totally different -- totally different country. Radical-left judges. And that has to do with your Second Amendment. It has to do with right to life. It has to do with so many different things that will turn your world upside down. And they'll have one, two, three, or four.

Donald Trump: Whoever is the next president, hopefully, that's going to be us, not me, us, it's us. But you know, we put -- I put, think of this, by the end of the term, we'll have approximately 300 brand new great federal judges, court of appeals judges, 300, which is a record. Three hundred. Give or take a little tiny bit, but 300, nobody thought that was possible.

Donald Trump: I want to thank President Obama. He left us 142 openings. Nobody gets left one opening, a federal judgeship is a big deal. Nobody gets left any openings. He gave us 142 openings. Thank you very much. He -- What happened, they thought Hillary was going to win so they didn't push it, and then they said, "Wait a minute these polls are getting a little close at the end." And they tried like hell to get some judges approved, but it didn't work.

Donald Trump: That's what happens. You got to go and you have to act fast. You've got to get it done, get it done, right? Like we get things done like nobody's ever gotten it done. Oh, he was a great President. He was great. He left 142 judges for the Republicans. He was a great President, right? If you're on that side of the plate, if you're of that ideology and you had a President that left you 142 federal judgeships, I don't think you rate him as doing a good job.

Donald Trump: Hey, look at what happened in Iraq. Look at what happened with ISIS. Look at what happened with our military. Look at what happened with our vets. Our vets are better-taken care of now than they've ever been in the history of our country. But never forget, they are coming after me, because I am fighting for you and that's true, that's true.

Donald Trump: And we're winning the fight and we're winning this election. This election, we are doing well. They refused to say it. They refused to say it. They hate to say it. It just drives him crazy. But that night, remember? They started off by saying this will be a very short evening for Donald Trump. That was Donald Trump at those day.

Donald Trump: You know, now, it's President Trump. I lost all my friends because of this position. I had friends, "Hey Don, let's go to dinner.", "OK, good, Richard, I'll go.", "Hey, Don. Let's go.", "Ok, Larry, I'll see you later. Meet me at a restaurant in New York." Everybody was like nice and at least you can have a great conversation.

Donald Trump: You don't want to know what we talked about. It's just none of your business, but we were loose. All of a sudden I become President of the United States and there's a lot of -- I know a lot of important people. I know -- Actually, the people I like the best are the people that are less successful because it makes you feel so powerful.

Donald Trump: I always say, "Never go out with a successful person." You understand? No, but I know a lot of very successful people. Very, very successful. And now they call me up. "Mr. President, sir, would you like to get together sometime?", I say, "Loosen up.", "Yes.", "Call me Donald. You don't -- you've known me for 30 years.

Donald Trump: Call me Donald.", "Oh, thank you so much. Thank you, Mr. President. I appreciate it." Now I lost all my friends because it's respect for the office, let's face it, it's different. They used to be loose. They used to be great. You could sit back, I'm not a drinker, but you could sit back and have a drink, whatever the hell you're drinking, and now you can't do that anymore.

Donald Trump: You can't do it anymore, so I have to rely on people in Congress to be my friends, and we just happen to have a couple tonight and one of them who's been a great warrior, and he's doing a fantastic job. I just saw you on television, by the way, Brian. Does everybody know Brian Steil? Brian Steil. Young, handsome, but a warrior.

Donald Trump: When the fake impeachment happened, it was a total fake. What do we finish up with the Republicans? 197 to nothing, right at the house. 190 -- It was a fake impeachment. I got impeached over a perfect phone call of congratulations to the President of Ukraine, who I never met before. OK. I mean, if you're going to do something at least know him a little bit, right?

Donald Trump: I never met him and then they said it was eight times quid pro quo. That was Adam Schiff, Shifty Schiff, right? And he went before Congress and he repeated my conversations except that he made it all up. Remember? He repeated it and then I said, "Ahh, fortunately, we had that whole thing essentially recorded." I'm glad I did, but these are very deceptive, deceiving, sick people, and I said, "Well, he lied because there was no quid pro quo." It was a perfect conversation, but by that time it was too late because they had already embarrassed themselves by doing it.

Donald Trump: And Nancy Pelosi was all set. She loved doing it. She -- from day one, but she thought it was what Schiff said. When she saw the conversation, she said to a people, "What the hell did you get me into?" So they could have dropped it, but they said, "Let's give it a shot." so we won and other than Mitt Romney, where we lost a half of vote, right?

Donald Trump: He's another beauty, Mitt Romney, he's a real beauty. He couldn't get elected dog catcher right now in Utah. So we have another great one and he's really a friend of mine and he's been solid. He loves his country and he loves this state, Glenn Grothman. Glenn, thank you very much, Glenn. And a man who just got elected, and he's from an area that I know very well.

Donald Trump: We did very well. We got about big, big fat, beautiful contract that produce lots of jobs, but he was taking a legend's place. So it's never easy to replace a legend, that's Duffy, on case anyway, and they was running and we did a lot of work for him and it was great and he reacted very well under pressure.

Donald Trump: You know a lot of people don't react well under pressure. They choke, they choke. He was under a lot of pressure and he ended up winning by like 18 points, and now he's your congressman he's doing a great job. You got to vote for all these people on November 3rd. Tom Tiffany. Thank you, Tom. And we have a great congressional candidate, Derek Van Orden.

Donald Trump: Where's Derek? Derek, good luck. I hear good things, Derek. Got my total support. I hear very good things. I can only support if I like, you know, our records like 222 on three, so I don't like to have a loss and I support you 100%, you know that. You have my total endorsement. All right, I hear you're fantastic, right?

Donald Trump: And your former congressman, who I -- I hope is making a lot of money in the private sector because he deserves it, especially his wife Rachel deserves it. She's, fantastic, he's fantastic. Because I know he's coming back into government in some form. He can come with us. He can stay here. He can maybe run for governor.

Donald Trump: Maybe do something. Sean Duffy. Sean Duffy. No, but he was -- he was the World Champion tree climber and I love sports, right? Anything -- Any time you are the world champion at anything, but especially that and I'll never forget, I was asking about how was it, was -- he says, "Well, he broke his back numerous times.

Donald Trump: He broke a lot of bones. I said, "Let me ask you a question: how much harder was it to go up the tree than down?" He said it was easy going up. The hard part was coming down because, if he missed that was where the danger was, right? That was where the danger. But many times world champion. Could you still do it today?

Donald Trump: A little bit heavier, he said, got to carry a little bit more weight. That's all right, that's not a good sign, though, right? Anyway, great job. We love having you, Rachel. Thank you very much. Well, you are fan -- Fox and Friends, and plenty of other places, right? What a personality. What a personality Rachel has.

Donald Trump: She's been our friend from day one, I think from day one, and a fantastic family too. Tonight we're also praying for everyone in the path of Hurricane Sally, we're out there working very hard. We are working in Florida and Alabama and Georgia we're getting -- We have FEMA, we have everybody there. We just finished, and I mean take a look.

Donald Trump: We just went to Louisiana, Texas, we're getting hit by some big hurricanes, but we have it under control really good. Our Coast Guard has been fantastic, by the way, unbelievable, the bravery. They go into these storms. They go into these storms, I say, "How dangerous is it?", "Sir, it's very dangerous." I say, "All right." they said, "Would you the -- ", he said, "Would you like to try it sometime?" I say, "Admiral, no, thank you.

Donald Trump: I'll take a pass. I think they might have a problem with me doing it." But I will tell you they are -- You know in Texas, they saved 16,000 people two years ago, the Coast Guard, the U.S. Coast Guard. I think there's no brand, to me, that's gone up more than the U.S. Coast Guard, so it's great. Now, we're getting some new ships.

Donald Trump: Those ships are all coming and nice new ones are built in the USA, beautiful ones. Most of them have already arrived. My administration will be by their side through every step. We're working again very, very hard in the panhandle. The panhandle, we love the panhandle. They got hit hard. We spent the last four years, reversing the horrible damage Joe Biden inflicted over the last 47 years.

Donald Trump: We passed record tax cuts and regulation cuts nobody's ever done more. More than anybody else has ever done. To keep our family farms in the family, we virtually eliminated the unfair estate tax, also known as the death tax. So if you die in a hundred years from now, and you have children who you love, as opposed to children that you can't stand -- Is anybody here have children that they don't like or perhaps can't stand?

Donald Trump: Because if you do, don't listen to the rest of this. But if you have a family that you love and you have a small business or farm or whatever, they were being put out of business. They'd have to go and borrow the money to pay the estate tax, the death tax and it was a terrible thing. We got rid of it, so now you can leave your farm, your small business to your family, and just hope.

Donald Trump: they remember you every once in a while. It's always -- always a difficult situation. But it was, it was ruining farms, they'd have to go out and sell the farm, they'd have to go out and get partnerships, they'd have to go out and borrow money from banks and then all of a sudden they're in foreclosure proceedings and they've never done that before.

Donald Trump: They don't have to worry about that anymore. If you love your family, that's a big deal. They've been trying to get that -- Sean, for what? 30 years, they've been trying to get that, right? Especially for the farmers, because it's that kind of a business. It's a great business, but it's day to day you have a bad crop all of a sudden.

Donald Trump: You can't pay interest in a loan to pay your estate tax, right? And they lose their farm. So we're not going to have that anymore. We achieved American energy independence for the first time, totally independent. We don't have to be those faraway places unless we want to be. Biden pledged to abolish American oil, American shale, clean coal, natural gas.

Donald Trump: He said the fracking. I told you that, but we're not going to let him get away we'll be -- we'll be bringing that up on occasion. For 47 years, Joe Biden crushed the dreams of Wisconsin workers and enriched foreign countries, that's what happened. Before I got here what was happening with Japan, and we pay our deep respects to Prime Minister Abe of Japan.

Donald Trump: A great friend of all of us, a great friend of mine. He's going to be leaving office very soon, like in a matter of a day, and he was a great gentleman, he's a tough negotiator, I'll tell you that. They made very good deals against the United States, but he's somebody that's going to be missed, he's a great gentleman.

Donald Trump: He championed every special interest Biden, every special interest and he sold out on trade. He sold out like almost nobody ever before. Earlier this year, I kept my promise to American workers when we ended the NAFTA nightmare and signed the brand new U.S. Mexico Canada agreement into law. I saved the U.S. auto industry by withdrawing from the last administration's job-killing catastrophe, the Trans-Pacific Partnership.

Donald Trump: You ever hear that beauty? That would really hit you. In 2017, I signed a historic executive order, making government policy to buy American and hire American. You know I'm watching this Biden and he's got a sign in front: buy American, oh buy. I've been saying it for like 20 years, right? Where the hell has this guy been?

Donald Trump: They're, actually accusing him of plagiarism. I also took the toughest-ever action to stand up to China's rampant theft of Wisconsin jobs, and it's all jobs, but you got hit particularly hard. Biden has vowed to remove those tariffs and allow China to resume its pillaging. He wants to take the tariffs off that are paying us tens of billions of dollars a year.

Donald Trump: I fought like hell to keep him into the China deal and he wants to remove them, so tens of billions of dollars, billions and billions, I gave it to the farmers, I gave it to a lot of people, but I gave most of it by far to the U.S. treasury. He wants to take them off. Let me just ask you just a very innocent question: does a young man about four years old upfront, I think he could give the answer.

Donald Trump: Who do you think would like to have China? How do you think China would feel about this election? In one case, they paid billions and billions of dollars a month to the U.S. we never got ever 10 cents from China. In the other case, he said we're going to take him off. I think they might be inclined to go for Sleepy Joe.

Donald Trump: This is like a dream for China. Joe Biden's agenda is made in China. My agenda is made in the USA, it's very simple. [Audience chants "USA"] So we did many things, not only China, not only the $28 billion farmers. We did so much and I'm proud to announce that I'm doing, even more, to support Wisconsin farmers starting next week.

Donald Trump: My administration is committing an additional -- you've been asking for this for a long time, $13 million in relief to help farmers recover from the China virus, including Wisconsin's incredible dairy, cranberry and ginseng farmers who got hurt badly. Been after that money for a long time. When the Wisconsin timber industry was threatened, I imposed tariffs on dumped foreign timber and subsidized products.

Donald Trump: Saving many many timber jobs in your state. If Joe Biden gets in, the radical left will shut down Wisconsin's timber production for environmental reasons. You believe that? Oh, boy, it's so sad to see it, and that would happen, but we can't let that happen. We can't let -- We've come too far, we're so good.

Donald Trump: If that virus hadn't hit us, and it did, and it hit the whole world. But if it hadn't hit us, we would have numbers the likes of which nobody thought were even remotely possible, but it did and we saved a lot of lives. You know they keep saying, oh -- They just -- By the way, if we had two people die, they would have said he did a terrible job.

Donald Trump: If we had a hundred people die, if we had a thousand, no matter what we do, we have trade deals. We announced a trade deal, everybody saying how great it is. Schumer and Pelosi see it. They have no idea what the deal is. "We don't like the deal.", "Did you look at all?", "Of course, we looked at it. It doesn't have tariffs.", "Oh, no.

Donald Trump: It does have tariffs. They know nothing about the deal. Automatically, anything we do, they just take the reverse. But you know what, I'd probably do it to them too. So I can't complain. On -- Perhaps, no issue have our opponents, more thoroughly betrayed working families of all backgrounds than on the subject of immigration.

Donald Trump: Under my administration, we've achieved the most secure border in American history. We ended the catch and release. You know a catcher release is? Yeah, catch them. They may be a killer, they may be a criminal at the highest order. You take their name, then you're supposed to bring him to a court like Perry Mason, right?

Donald Trump: But we actually catch them, take their name, release them, say come back in about four years for your court case. We ended all this stuff. And you think that was easy? It wasn't easy, let me tell you, it was tough. But we have a really good secure border and the President of Mexico has been terrific. We right now have 27,000 soldiers from Mexico guarding our border free of charge.

Donald Trump: We stopped asylum fraud and we've deported 20,000 gang members and over a half a million criminal-illegal aliens of the worst kind. We're enforcing that clear requirement that newcomers to our country must be financially self-sufficient and not reliant on welfare. They have to sign a document. We invested $2.5 trillion in the U.S. military, including major contracts to build the warships that helped save the historic shipyard in Marinette.

Donald Trump: OK. How about that? I was there two months ago. Marinette. So that's a great -- a great company, but it was having a hard time and now they're building. What was that? Like, $6 billion worth of ships and they're beauties, they started already, and we worked very hard on that. We had a lot of help from your congressman on that one because a lot of people wanted that contract, but we got it from Wisconsin.

Donald Trump: Remember that. We launched the first new branch of the United States armed forces in nearly 75 years. That's right. The Space Force. You know, the fact is that somebody said it on the other side, our opponent said, "Whether you like it or not. Trump actually did more as President than he promised during the campaign." like Space Force, it's a big deal.

Donald Trump: Think of it, Army, Navy, Air Force, Marines, Coast Guard, right? Think of it. I mean, that's all you heard your whole life, right? The Army, the Navy, the Air Force, the Marines, Coast Guard, and now we have the Space Force. You know what a big deal. First time in 75 years, it's a new one. Last one was 75 years ago, the Air Force right?

Donald Trump: That's a big thing. I never talked about that on the campaign. I never even thought about it. I -- I -- When I became President, I said we have to do this because I saw what Russia was doing and I saw what China was doing and they've created their space forces. I said, "What are we going to do? Not have it?" it's going to end up being -- maybe your most important, or certainly one of your most important because that's where it's at in terms of defense in terms of offense.

Donald Trump: We passed V.A. Choice and V.A. Accountability for our great veterans and we had, the other day, veterans satisfaction, 91% the highest score we've ever received. Do you ever notice? Remember years ago, every story, every night, the nightly news, you'd always have horrible stories about the V.A. You don't see it anymore.

Donald Trump: Now, I'm not -- I don't want to give them any ideas, because they'll search all over the country for a vet who is unhappy. I'm hurting myself by telling this story. This is not a good story, but -- Remember that? Every night you have these horror stories about the V.A. You don't see it anymore. Ninety-one percent approval rating.

Donald Trump: I kept my promise. Recognize the capital of Israel and open the American embassy in Jerusalem. I recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights and we achieved the first breakthrough in the Middle East peace, and you saw that two days ago, UAE, Bahrain, Israel, nobody thought it was even possible.

Donald Trump: I saw John Kerry on television the other day. "It is not possible." Now, we waited a little while. He went very, very strong. It is not possible and it was not only possible. We have many countries that are joining us very soon. We killed the founder and the leader the vicious leader of ISIS al-Baghdadi.

Donald Trump: We killed him. And we also took out the world's No.1 terrorist and the mass murder of American troops and many, many troops and many people all over the world. Qasim Soleimani is dead. He's dead. He's dead. Bad guy, bad guy, very bad guy. We kept America out of new wars and we're bringing our troops back home.

Donald Trump: No one has been more wrong, more often than Sleepy Joe Biden. He voted for the Iraq war. He supported the defense sequester that gutted our military. I took over a military that was totally depleted like Hillary Clinton, deleted as opposed to depleted. She depleted them too, but she deleted 33,000 e-mails.

Donald Trump: When is somebody going to pull this string? Come on, fellas. That's terrible. 33,000 e-mails. Try going to court some time on a civil case, and you know, when you go before the judge. You'll say, "Did you delete those e-mails? Did you get rid of those tax? Did you this, right? They got -- And now they caught Weissman and all these guys cleaning their phones because they were under investigation and they clean their phones.

Donald Trump: How many were there? Twenty-one, but there were like 33 phones and yet look what they do to General Flynn and some of these people that did nothing. They clean their criminals, yeah, that's criminal, it's criminal, they're criminals. They talk and talk and talk, they're criminals. They clean their phones, so you don't have any of the information, but that's a big, big problem for them, I would imagine.

Donald Trump: It's a disgrace that they can do it, but you know when you go back, but Hillary got rid of --She deleted an acid wash, right? Who acid-washed? Did you ever -- and she also used to bang him with a hammer. Remember that? We forget that, right? So, let's see what happens with all of that stuff. I think Bill Barr's, doing an excellent job.

Donald Trump: I have to tell you. And he's fighting a very bad establishment in Washington. There's some bad apples in that whole deal. But if you think that Biden opposed the mission to take out Osama bin Laden, he was against it. He opposed the killing of Soleimani. He oversaw the rise of ISIS. What a mistake and he cheered the rise of China as a very positive development for America and the world.

Donald Trump: I don't think so. I don't think so. Not too been -- too positive. If we're up to Sleepy Joe Biden, bin Laden and Soleimani would be alive, iSIS would still be on the rampage and China would now be the dominant power in the world and they're not, and they're not even close, I will tell you. We have weaponry, the likes of which nobody's seen.

Donald Trump: You know, 2.5 trillion buys you some good stuff, especially when we have the finest scientific minds and military minds in the world. We have weapons, the likes of which nobody's seen, and just hope to God we never have to use them. I say that, and I say it strongly. Hope that we never have to use them. My attitude was that, and I've learned this a long time ago, by having them, we keep ourselves out of war, as opposed to bringing ourselves into war.

Donald Trump: But we have built and created weapons, the likes of which this world has never seen before, and we don't have to talk about it too much, nor do I really want to talk about it. When I ban travel from China Biden, called it hysterical and xenophobic. He said, "He's xenophobic." What does that mean, Joe? Tell me.

Donald Trump: Biden also opposed my plan to ban Europe. I saw what was happening in France and Spain and Italy and highly infected. We banned Europe. If we had insisted and listened to Joe and insisted on doing what so many other people said doing, which is you don't have to do the ban? Hundreds of thousands of more Americans would have died from the plague.

Donald Trump: Biden was willing to sacrifice American lives on the altar of open borders, and now I hear him talking, he should have followed me. You know this guy did the swine flu, right? It was a catastrophe and the man that headed up the swine flu -- I won't use his name because I'd like to have a nice evening because I can't imagine the Democrats are thrilled.

Donald Trump: He said it was a horrible job. We had no idea what we were doing. It was a disaster. He said it was a disaster, and now Biden is telling us how to do what we're doing so well on. What other countries are calling me and congratulating me on the incredible job. And I got sleepy Joe Biden trying to tell me how to do it.

Donald Trump: And his own man who headed it up swine flu, it's H1N1, swine flu, Joe called it N1H1. I keep saying, "Joe Joe, it's H1N1." Right? I said it's easy to remember because H comes before N, but he can't do it. And then you saw what he said the other day under a Harris-Biden administration. That was a disaster.

Donald Trump: I never said under a Pence-Trump administration. He said under a Harris-Biden administration, and what made it worse, she said the same thing. That was terrible, right? Sean, right? Did you hear that? They are a disaster together. Through our historic relief programs, we saved more than one million Wisconsin jobs and 87,000 Wisconsin businesses, that's not too bad.

Donald Trump: And Biden would demolish all of those gains and we've done similar things in other states. He would destroy your Social Security, totally destroy it, and destroy protections for pre-existing conditions. They want to go to social medicine, they want to go to social. You know that right?You do know that. They want social health care.

Donald Trump: Where you don't -- Remember, Obama 28 times, you can keep your doctor, you can keep your plan, that didn't work out too well, right? Why haven't they looked into that when 28 times -- Well, under Medicare for all, but it's basically socialized health care, you will never have your doctor, you will never have your plan.

Donald Trump: You'll have horrible health care. You can wait long times, long times. And he wants to wipe out 180 million private health care plans that people love, 180 million plans. I don't think so. I don't think he -- I don't think he's going to make it, you know. How do you get elected? Let's say you're doing, not only here, let's say Texas, right?

Donald Trump: He's against oil, he's against God and he's against guns. That's a tough combination in Texas. How does that play? No, he's against religion. You know they won't open into these blue states. They will not open your churches, they won't open them and I think they have an ulterior motive. One thing they have is probably everything opens on November 4th.

Donald Trump: You understand that. And they better be careful. Those paper ballots, you talk about are bad thing. Just get out and vote, get out and vote, and if you have to go that route make sure they have it counted and they know it's trouble. They just had another election today, fellas, where it's a disaster. The votes come in.

Donald Trump: They have no idea, they can't count, and I don't mean they're off by a little bit, they're up by 20%, 25%. There's fraud, there's missing ballots. They have a woman in New York who is a terrible Congresswoman. You know that. Carolyn Maloney, they gave her an election, that they can't even find the ballots and they gave her a victory, and they can't find that the guy that is against her, who did very well, even though he's even more progressive.

Donald Trump: I don't even know what she is. I've known her for 25 years. I don't think she's progressive, I think she's whatever she has to be. But this guy, probably, will possibly beat her. So rightfully, he's not too happy and they call the election for her and they can't find the ballots. Wants to force you to provide free health care to illegal aliens.

Donald Trump: Remember, he raised his hand. Federal totally drain your wonderful Medicare. Remember the question up there? He's standing up, "Who is willing to give free health care to illegal aliens?" and everybody raises their hands like fast. Kamala was right up there. You know, by the way, that will destroy your country.

Donald Trump: You do know that, but because you can't afford it -- and Biden's looking around, "Oh, they all raise their hand." and he goes. Remember? Remember? I remember. I said, "Well, that -- there goes the election for him." He'd end our travel bans on jihadist regions and increase refugee admissions by over 700%, and that's the deal he made with Bernie Sanders, opening the floodgates to terror afflicted nations.

Donald Trump: But I predict the Sanders people are going to vote for us like they did the last time, we had a tremendous -- because they love my stance on trade. Because I know trade, and I was telling him much more so that even Bernie, but Bernie is right on that subject that other countries, including our so-called allies, are ripping us off on trade.

Donald Trump: Biden opposes school choice and vowed to ban charter schools. Did you know that? Does everybody like charter schools? Everybody likes choice. In a second term, I will provide school choice to every parent in America and we're all set up to get it done. A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for all Americans.

Donald Trump: It's really a vote for the American dream. Instead of letting Washington change us and despite all that, we've all gone through, we are changing Washington, that's what's been happening. And just in conclusion -- and I hate concluding with you because I like you, I like you. I don't know why the hell I like Wisconsin, but for some reason -- [Audience member calls out "We love you"] You know it helps so, as you know, for weeks before the election, she was four up, Crooked Hillary, four up, four up, four.

Donald Trump: I kept saying, "Do you think we're going to win?" and I will say Sean Duffy said, "You're going to win." He actually said, "Don't worry about it." Right, Sean? I said, "Sean, do you think we're going to win here?" I don't like these polls we're four down. He said, "Sir, you're going to win so easy." And early in the night they said, "Donald Trump has won the state of Wisconsin, and so what I'm here speaking in the freezing cold, I'm lucky they had -- I said, "do you think we have -- You know it's very warm in New York and very warm in Washington, it was hot actually, and I said, "Do you think we have a coat on the plane?

Donald Trump: They said, "Yes." I said, "What's the temperature?", "Sir, it's 49 degrees." I said, "How about giving me a coat." They have everything on Air Force One, that's a great thing. Got more televisions than any plane in history. They've got televisions in closets on floors and ceiling. But over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world, and we will end our reliance on China once and for all.

Donald Trump: We'll make our medical supplies right here in the United States and right here in the great state of Wisconsin. We will rapidly return to full employment. It's happening very fast. Soaring economies and the record prosperity will be even greater than it was last year. We will hire more police, increase penalties on assaults of law enforcement, surged federal prosecutors into high-crime communities, and we will ban sanctuary cities which are deadly.

Donald Trump: We will appoint prosecutors, judges, and justices who believe in enforcing the law, not their own political agenda. We will ensure equal justice for citizens of every race, color, religion, and creed. We will defend the dignity of work and the sanctity of life. We will uphold religious liberty, free speech, and the right to keep and bear arms.

Donald Trump: We will strike down terrorists who threaten our citizens and we will keep America out of endless foreign wars. And you remember, with me, they thought because of my personality, they said, "He'll be at war the first week." What happened to the war? Remember? We're going to be at war with North Korea. Hillary would have been at war with North Korea.

Donald Trump: It would have been a nasty one too. But remember, everybody said I was going to be in war. Everybody said, oh, maybe I'll do something with Social Security, and I did. I saved it and made it stronger and now I'm going to make it even stronger and they're going to get rid of your Social Security. Because everything is going to come collapsing down.

Donald Trump: You will have a depression if he gets in. They're going to raise interest rates. They're going to raise your taxes, you will have a depression, the likes of which this country has never seen before, and you 401(k)s and your stocks and every -- and jobs will go down in flames. I just say it here, hopefully, we're never going to experience it, but that's what's going to happen.

Donald Trump: We will maintain America's unrivaled military might and we will ensure peace through strength. We will end surprise medical building, require price transparency, which I've already signed, further reduce health insurance premiums, and the costs of prescription drugs, which are coming down now. You know I signed favored nations clauses.

Donald Trump: Their drug companies are not happy with me. I will tell you. They never thought it was possible in rebate clauses. They never thought anybody would do that to them. They made enough money for a long time. It's time you got a big break. We will strongly protect Medicare and Social Security and we will always protect patients with preexisting conditions.

Donald Trump: Always. You have a pledge. We will land the first woman on the moon, and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars. And NASA is now the hottest space center anywhere in the world. And when I took over three and a half years ago, there was grass growing in the runways. You know that.

Donald Trump: It was closed down. It was a mess. We are now the hottest in the world. You see what's going up and we got a lot of rich guys sending them up too. I like that better, I said, "Let them do it." Rich guys like rockets, I don't know. They like rocket. Boom. I see dollars going right up. But they need a good place to launch.

Donald Trump: We have the best places. We have the best places. So it's been incredible what we've done with NASA. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education to our schools. We're already doing it. We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag.

Donald Trump: And we will live by the timeless words of our national motto: In God We Trust. For years you had a President who apologized for America. Now you have a President who is standing up for America and standing up for the state of Wisconsin. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get your co-workers, get everybody, and get out and vote November 3rd.

Donald Trump: From Milwaukee to Madison, from Oshkosh to La Crosse. From Green Bay -- How are the Packers doing so far? Good team, good people. To right here in -- give me the proper pronunciation. [Audience shouts "Mosinee"] That's right, thank you. That's what I said. We inherit the legacy of generations of Wisconsin patriots who gave their blood, sweat, and tears for this beloved nation.

Donald Trump: We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who cross the oceans. Blazed the trails, settle the continent, tamed the wilderness, dug out the Panama Canal, laid down the railroads, revolutionized industry, won two World Wars, defeated fascism and communism, and made America the single greatest nation in the history of the world, and you haven't seen anything yet.

Donald Trump: Proud citizens like you helped build this country and together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people. With your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning.

Donald Trump: We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. And together with the incredible people of Wisconsin, we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you, Wisconsin. Thank you. Thank you.