Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-campaign-rally-opa-locka-florida-november-1-2020

Donald Trump: Wow, what a crowd. What a crowd. Hello, Florida. Hello, Florida. We love Florida. What a great victory we had. And we're going to have an even bigger victory. Get out there and vote. We're going to have a bigger victory. And I don't know if you found out, you've been here a long time. I hope the music was good.

Donald Trump: I hope life is good. Everything's good. That's a good looking crowd. Good looking people, I will say. No, we're going to have a -- We're going to have a big victory. I don't know if you know what's happening, but -- I don't know if you know what's happening, but they're very worried, the Democrats, about Florida.

Donald Trump: They're very concerned. The vote's not there. It's not there for them. They had to get after that big early lead, and it could be that we're leading. That's a little problem. Two days from now, we're going to win my home state of Florida. And we are going to win four more years in the White House. [Audience chants "Four more years"] This is a very vital group, isn't it?

Donald Trump: With your vote, we will continue to cut your taxes. Cut regulations. Support our great police. Support our great military. Protect your second amendment. Defend religious liberty. And ensure more products are proudly stamped with that wonderful phrase, "Made in the U.S.A." Next year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: You see what's happening. You see it happening right before your eyes. Under my leadership, our economy is now growing at the fastest rate ever recorded in the history of our country. 33.1%. 33.1%. We created a record, 11.4 million jobs in the last five months alone. Another record, record, record. I've got so many records.

Donald Trump: Now we have a chance to do something next year even greater than last year. We had it the best ever, and then we got hit by the plague from China, and we will never forget it. [Audience boos] We're never going to forget it, and then we're building it up at a level that nobody thought possible. Leading every nation in the world by far.

Donald Trump: While foreign nations are in a free fall, we are creating an economic powerhouse unrivaled anywhere in the world. Nothing and no one in the world is doing what we're doing. Now, if somebody wants to quadruple your taxes, I can't tell you what's going to happen. [Audience boos] I think I can, it's called a depression. [Audience boos] A recent Gallup poll found that 56% of American say they are better off today than they were four years ago under Sleepy Joe Biden and Obama.

Donald Trump: And if Biden, and Kamala, Kamala. Kamala. [Audience boos] Most liberal member of Congress. She makes crazy Bernie look like he's a very strict Conservative. And the radical left gained power, the economy will collapse and our country will go into a very deep and steep depression. I hate to tell you. Look, we're not going to have to worry about 'cause they ain't gonna win (laughs). You know who else thinks we're gonna win?

Donald Trump: The Democrats think we're gonna win. The Democrats. They're startin' to say, "Oh, this is not good." We're looking great here. We're looking great in Pennsylvania. North Carolina. Iowa! Did you see the poll just came out in Iowa? First big poll? We're only up eight. I'm very upset about that. We're only up eight.

Donald Trump: No, we're looking very strong. Lookin' strong in Georgia. We just left. We just left the great state of Georgia. We're lookin' strong in Georgia. In fact they said, "Sir, you don't have to go to Georgia." They said a couple of a days ago. I said, 'Wait a minute. People are waiting for two and a half days I'm not gonna cancel on Georgia, right?" I've been doing this, you know, since early in the morning.

Donald Trump: Only for you. I guess I could have canceled you, too, right? But nobody would have the courage to cancel you (laughs). Nah. I wouldn't even think about it. Thank you. [Audience chants "We love you"] Thank you. Thank you. And I love you, too! I love you, too. We're all in this together. We're all in this together. 'Cause as I've said many times, "This will never, ever, ever be a Socialist nation." We will not go there.

Donald Trump: Sleepy Joe Biden will raise your taxes four trillion dollars. Can you believe it? [Audience boos] He's the only candidate I've ever seen that campaigns on the fact, "I will raise your taxes." This guy. "I will take away your Second Amendment." [Audience boos] "We will not frack." For two years, "We will not frack." Then he got to Pennsylvania, he said, "Well, I was only kidding." Oh, look it all the press at this time.

Donald Trump: At this ti -- look at that. The fake news followed us. [Audience boos] They followed us. [Audience chants "CNN sucks"] The man! The man. No, the only one I've ever seen do that. We don't worry about them. They don't tell the truth, anyway, so what difference. Just pretend they're not here. Pretend they're not here.

Donald Trump: They're having a very bad couple of weeks, as you know. They've actually had a bad four years, haven't they? When you think about it. Massively increased regulations. You know, we cut regulations more than any Administration in the history of our country. And they'll put 'em right back. Sleepy Joe. It won't be him, 'cause he has no idea where he is.

Donald Trump: But he's surrounded by a lot of very far left people. Close down your factories. Send your jobs overseas -- [Audience boos] -- Destroy the suburbs. You know? I say -- [Audience boos] -- "Suburban women, please love me. Please love me." Because -- Oh! We've got a lot of suburban women. Look at this. [Audience chants "We love you"] Wow.

Donald Trump: Don't forget, suburban women. Men also, but we don't worry about that [Inaudible]. They're all with the [Inaudible]. I'm terminating a regulation that has ruined suburbia. You, too, can have a project next to your house. And I terminated. Oh, well. We have -- is that the first sign of trouble in weeks? [Audience member calls out "Knock his ass down"] All right.

Donald Trump: Is that okay? Is that -- every -- everybody okay over there? [Audience chants "USA"] All right. Is that -- somebody went down? Or is it somebody that's trouble? 'Cause if there's trouble, we have somebody right over here that can handle that very nicely. (laughs). I have -- I guarantee I'll bet everything on this guy right here.

Donald Trump: All right. You know, the one that make all the noises are people. Somebody shouts, they have no voice, they're weak. They have no voice. Their mother's looking for 'em. Their father's looking for 'em. They, too, live in a basement usually. And nobody can hear 'em. What they hear is thousands of people going -- That's all right.

Donald Trump: Just pretend the person doesn't exist or get 'em out, please. They want to terminate your religious liberty, outlaw private healthcare, confiscate your guns, your Second Amendment is under siege. [Audience boos] But don't worry. As long as I'm here, nothing's happening (laughing). They want to ban fracking.

Donald Trump: Abolish energy. Cut your Medicare. Cut your Social Security by allowing millions of people -- [Audience boos] -- to come into our country and indoctrinate your children -- [Audience boos] -- with anti-American lies. [Audience boos] That's where we are. But it's not going to happen. You're gonna vote, and it's not going to happen.

Donald Trump: You know, we win Florida, we win the whole thing. You know that, right? Sure. That's right. We win Florida, we win the whole thing. Our opponents want a turn Amurica into Communist Cuba or Socialist Venezuela -- [Audience boos] -- And we're not gonna let that happen. Our opponent's agenda is a war on workers, a war on faith, and a war on our police.

Donald Trump: Biden says he's running as a, "Proud Democrat." I'm running as a proud American. Is that okay? [Audience chants "USA"] Joe Biden is a globalist who spent 47 years outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. They're all coming back. They're all coming home.

Donald Trump: Our great soldiers. We became policemen to the world. Well, for other reasons, they could very well do that, couldn't they? Joe Biden is a corrupt politician bought and paid for by China. You see that? And others. [Audience boos] In 2016, Florida voted to fire this corrupt political establishment and you elected an outsider as President, who is finally putting America first.

Donald Trump: And if I don't sound like a typical Washington politician, it's because I'm not a politician. Probably why we won. If I don't always play by the rules of Washington and the Washington establishment, it's because I was elected to fight for you and I fight harder than anybody in this place except one person perhaps.

Donald Trump: Him. He's the only one that fights harder. Great guy. My opponent is promising a long duck winter. Did anybody happen to see the debate? See? See, that's my arena. That was my arena, right? He didn't come out. He didn't come out too good. He came out like your opponents come out. No, that was not good for him.

Donald Trump: How 'bout the last question? We talked about energy, right? "Well, I'd like, uh, to transition out of petroleum." I said I felt like Perry Mason The last question of the evening I said, "Whoa! Did you tell that to Texas? Did you tell that to Pennsylvania?" Even Kristen Welker, who frankly did not a bad job considering she's totally on the other side of the plate, she looked and she said, "Why did you say that?" You know, she's trying to save the poor guy.

Donald Trump: Ay yaiyaiyai. This is what we got. Can you believe it? This could only happen to me. This is, and I don't -- I don't care. I'll say it anyway. Look. This is, in the history of Presidential politics, this is the worst candidate ever to run and this puts a lot of pressure on me. Because, if you lose to a guy like this -- I'd rather really have a great candidate, because you feel better.

Donald Trump: I'm running against the worst candidate in the history of presidential politics. (laughs) Is there any place you would rather be than at a Trump rally? Got a lot of rich people here, my friends, I got a lot of -- Oh, Steve. Hi, Steve. We got a lot of rich people out here, lot of money, lot of money in this first row.

Donald Trump: Lot of money. I built the best economy in the history and now, we're going to do it again. You know, that hat, I see thousands and thousands of them. You know, we're getting 35, 40,000 people all the time, we'd get more but they didn't have anymore room. How about this? You take an airport, right? You take an airport, you don't have enough room.

Donald Trump: Did you ever think of that one? We have an airport, we don't have enough room. This is amazing, there's never been anything like this that's ever happened in the history of politics. Probably in any other history -- and I don't have a guitar. You know what the truth is -- No, it's true. They don't get crowds like this, nobody gets crowds like this.

Donald Trump: Do you know what gets crowds like this? Making America great again, that's what brings a crowd, the only thing that's going to get a crowd like this. And you know Sleepy Joe had a rally today, they had 12 people in those little circles. He's got those little crazy circles. That's the only thing good about his campaign, the guy that does the work.

Donald Trump: I'm a perfectionist, they're so beautiful, nice and wide. And they can't fill them up so they get the media, "Could you please take a circle?" And now he's got, President Barrack Hussein Obama comes in. [Audience boos] President Obama. You know, the Democrats never talk about, do you know, that federal judgeships are like the biggest deal then you have Supreme Court justices.

Donald Trump: Barrack Obama left me 142 federal judges, nothing like that's ever happened, nothing. Very rarely does it -- You know, when you're a President everyone, you leave, every one of them is filled. Those are the most important things you can have, Federal judgeships, lifetime appointments. It's such a big deal, he left me 142. And we are going to have, listen to this, we are going to have, in my first term, record breaking, approximately 300 federal judges.

Donald Trump: It's a very big percentage of the whole federal bench. And we are going to have -- we just put a great one on, Amy -- three Supreme Court justices. And whatever happened with Biden? He was going to say, you know, is he going to pack the court? He just keeps tapping, maybe he's smarter than we think, he keeps tapping it along.

Donald Trump: And who are the people he's going to put on? He was supposed to say who he's -- but you cannot vote for him if he doesn't tell you about packing the court. Therefore, is anybody in this audience going to vote for Sleepy Joe Biden? I can't imagine anyone having the courage. I can't believe it, look at those people, they go -- Does anybody have the courage to even raise your hand? (laughs) That would be, that wouldn't be a very good thing to do.

Donald Trump: Who is going to vote, on election day, for President Trump? Who has already voted? Has anybody here, seriously, we don't mind, it's not going to matter. [Inaudible]. No, not going to matter. Has anybody voted, with all those people that have already voted, and we have a lot of votes going out and I think we're leading.

Donald Trump: Can you believe it? Early voting. But, has any -- Oh, that's a shock. Oh, this is a big story, they're saying that we have to get more people out. We have -- Maybe I shouldn't say that, people are watching. No, we're doing good. No but, anybody here vote for sleepy Joe Biden. [Audience boos] Okay. I believe you.

Donald Trump: I believe you. This election is a choice between a crippling depression or a historic boom. It is, you'll have a depression. All that money. All those 401Ks, they're going to go right down the tubes, throw it out. It's a choice between a deadly Biden lockdown. He wants to lock down the country. [Audience boos] I just left a count -- I just left a, a state that locked down.

Donald Trump: I left two of them, and, uh, they're not happy about it, I'll tell you right now. You know what's going to happen to them? On November 4th, the day after, they're going to say, "All right, we'll open up now." That's why they're locking down. But we're going to have a safe vaccine that ends the pandemic. Without it, it's rounding the t -- I say its, it drives them crazy.

Donald Trump: It's rounding the turn. Because all they want to do, you turn and then there's COVID, COVID, COVID, COVID, COVID. We'd like to talk about COVID, and then, next turn. Here's what happens, November 4th, you won't hear too much about it. You won't hear too much about it. Don't tell anybody, but let me wait 'till a little bit after the election please.

Donald Trump: I appreciate the advice. I appreciate the advice. No, he's been wrong though a lot. He's a nice man though. He's been wrong on a lot. Do not, under any circumstances wear a mask, he said. Do not close up to China he said. Then he said later on that Trump -- President Trump saved 10s of thousands of lives because I closed early.

Donald Trump: But how about this? How about sleepy Joe, I closed and he calls me, "He's xenophobic." I said, "Give me a definition of that Joe. Give me a defin-" He didn't know -- He had no idea what it meant. You know? 25 years ago, he was not smart. He was never considered smart. And now he's considered about half of that.

Donald Trump: This is not what you want for our president. We're doing too well. Our country's doing too well. We will mass distribute the vaccine in just a few weeks. We have all the vaccines. It's all set. Our military is going to deliver. They'll take care of our seniors first. Is it okay if we take care of our seniors first?

Donald Trump: You know I got it. I know you didn't hear this story, but I got it because I got better quickly. But I got it. The first lady got it. And a very young, tall person 14 years old named Barron Trump got it. And I got better. They gave me something called Regeneron. But I'm sure I didn't need it, because I am a perfect physical specimen and I'm very young.

Donald Trump: I'm very young. Perfect physical specimen. You know I said that, you know, a little sarcastically. And I tell -- Well, I actually think I am. Uh, no, I'm only kidding. No, I said that sarcastically. CNN, right over there with the red light, just went off. [Audience boos] [Inaudible]. Any time I mention them, that light goes off. "We have to cut to a commercial." You know, in one way they need the ratings, because they don't get good ratings.

Donald Trump: No, they hated it when I said it. They said, "He is not a perfect physical specimen. It's a disgrace. He's lying to the American public, and he is not young. He is not young." They went crazy. They went totally crazy. Oh, they went crazy. They spent two days on that one. Joe Biden. Well, he's always -- He's always threatening all the time, you know, they're so agitated, you know?

Donald Trump: Did you see him today with the, with the glasses? The whole deal, right? You know? You don't see the bad surgery. I put on those -- What do they call them? Aviators? But they're too small. They've gotta be bigger, right? They're mirrors, so you don't see anything going through it. Look good. No, he's very agitated.

Donald Trump: So angry. Everything's screaming and shouting. He's like crazy. But he's a weak person. You know, he challenged me. Do you remember? A year and a half ago. "Oh, I'd like to take him behind a barn." And I said, "You know -- " I said, "Of all the people in the world that I could fight, that's probably the one I'd like to most fight." Now I -- So, those legs, those legs they've gotten very thin. Not a lot of bass. You wouldn't have to close, you wouldn't have to close to fi -- and by the way, he brings it up, you know when he brings it up, the press says nothing.

Donald Trump: If I ever said I'd like to take him behind the barn and beat the crap out of him you know what, eh they would say, "Our President is inciting evil." I'm inciting. Every time you shout, "Lock 'em up" or every time -- did you see the cars today? The tre -- All over the place. Cars, trucks, and boats. All organic, it just formed. 5,000 boats, they have tractors in Iowa.

Donald Trump: Thousands and thousands of tractors in this massive farm. They came from all over farm country. They had the thing with these -- Really, I -- it's like, very good people. They were riding along a highway, and you had sleepy Joe's bus. So they escorted the bus and the radical left said, "Oh what a horrible thing that is to escort the bus." They don't tell you about Antifa that go around burning down your cities -- [Audience boos] -- Democrat-run, only Democrat-run.

Donald Trump: They don't talk about that bopping people over the head, killing people, setting everything on fire. They don't tell you about that. They tell you about people that are driving down a highway with an American flag and a Trump flag, right? Don't worry, they'll be just fine. They're gonna be just fine, if they're watching.

Donald Trump: I guess they were in Texas, right? Oh, Texas will be just fine. We're doing great in Texas, by the way. Really good. You know how? Th -- This the greatest, you know I've had really six of these 'cause I had a b -- but let's say five, okay? Do you know what it is to do five of these? I start early in the morning.

Donald Trump: Oh, think of it. Start early in the morning. But you know what's the nice part about this one? This is the last one of the day, so we can stay all night. All night. I was rushing. I was rushing, they said, "You're gonna be late for Florida, sir." I said, "How much?" "About an hour and a half." "Oh, that's not so bad." I hope everyone's having a -- I think, you know how many people we lost?

Donald Trump: I'd say, zero. We actually gained. People heard about it, they said, "Let's go." No, it's great to be with you. It's great. Tomorrow I have five more. Can you imagine five? Five. Five more. Five more and then I -- you know, normally they'd say five more and let's crash. But I don't know if I can crash. I think, uh, it's gonna be a very exciting day.

Donald Trump: Tuesday's gonna be a very exciting day, make sure you get out. Tuesday's gonna be a very exciting day. The most exciting day in the history of television was four years ago, right? Thank you. No, but it is nice, we can take our time. I can tell you stories about some of the things that happen in government, you don't wanna hear 'em.

Donald Trump: You wouldn't even believe 'em, the level of stupidity, the leve -- the things that we save. Like, we saved a couple of billion dollars on the embassy in Israel, we built it for slightly less. We build it for slightly less. First I picked a site that we already owned. You know, that's better than paying millions for a site.

Donald Trump: But I picked one that was a better location, bigger, better. Then they were gonna build a building for anywhere between one billion and two -- this is like a two-story building, right? One billion and two billion -- And we built it for $500,000. A slight saving. We had an existing building that we fixed up, we used Jerusalem stone.

Donald Trump: I said, "can yo -- " very expensive when you bring it to New York or Washington. But when you're building in Jerusalem, it's a very cheap material. I said, "Use Jerusalem stone. It's great stuff." And we opened it for 500,000 instead of two billion dollars. That's one of many. We could tell you about 'em all night, but let's get back to the -- Isn't it nice when you have a President that doesn't need a teleprompter?

Donald Trump: To have a President -- It is a nice thing -- I had a couple today, though, that were so windy. It was a unbelievable wind, and you wouldn't have believed that the teleprompters were going like this. And then I finally gave up on the teleprompters and we just talked for an hour and twenty minutes. I said, "This is not possible to read those things," we're going, "Wha?" You never, well, the winds were like 34, the press knows, they couldn't hold onto the camera. That was a positive event. They know, they never sa-, it was probably, ah, minus something if you're talking about wind chill. I think it was 30 degrees with a 30 mile an hour wind.

Donald Trump: And it was blowing right in my face. These people that set this up, it was blowing so hard. And I had a whole section on illegal immigrants pouring into our country, and I left it out, because I said, "If they would've had to suffer the cold that weather that I was -- they would never come in. They would've stayed." They would've stayed right where they came from.

Donald Trump: They had some rough -- we had three, the first three were freezing. So I go from freezing, and today it was like, 98 degrees, and I said, "How warm is it?" [Inaudible], "Sir, it's about 97 degrees." This is, this is wonderful for not catching pneumonia. Biden's cruel lockdown would be especially devastating for Florida's tourism and hospitality workers, for the services industry and for millions of Latinos in Florida, Arizona, Nevada, and all across the country.

Donald Trump: If you want a vaccine to kill the virus, a job to support your family, and freedom to live your life, then you have no choice but to cast your vote for a person named President Trump. But I don't have to talk too much about sleepy Joe, because I spent a fortune today, to give you a beautiful -- look at the size of that screen that we put up.

Donald Trump: Where do you have two, oh, you have two of them. This must be Florida. Look at that, you have two of them. Take a look. Here's a video, roll it. [Video Begins]

Joe Biden: [Video] No, I haven't taken the test. Why the hell would I take a test? Come on, man. That's like saying, you know, before you got in this program, you're taking tests whether you're taking cocaine or not, what do you think, huh? Or are you a [Inaudible].

Joe Biden: [Video] By the way, this is my little sister Valerie, and I'm Joe's husband. Oh no, [Inaudible] you switched on me. This is my wife, this is my sister. They switched on me.

Joe Biden: [Video] [Inaudible] if you have a problem figuring out whether you're for me or Trump, then you ain't black.

Joe Biden: [Video] [Inaudible]. Why? Why is that, I said. You shouldn't be in a position that everybody, and that's my wife, Jill, hey Jilly. I'm Jill's husband, actually.

Joe Biden: [Video] And [Inaudible] was a bad dude. And he ran a bunch of bad boys. And I did get him, and back in those days, you show how things'd change. Play the radio. Make sure the television, the, excuse me. Make sure you have the record player on at night. The, the, the fog. Make sure the kids hear words. Like, we hold these truths to be [Inaudible].

Joe Biden: [Video] All men and women created by [Inaudible] you know the, you know the thing. [Inaudible] take [Inaudible] were a quartermaster, you can sure in hell take care of running a, you know, a department store or thing, you know, ah, [Inaudible] second [Inaudible] for the ladies' [Inaudible], you know what I mean?

Joe Biden: [Video] Well, I'm sick and tired of smart guys.

Joe Biden: [Video] You know, the, the rapidly rising, ah, um, ah, and with, ah, with, ah, I don't know. Have they been to caucus? No you haven't. You're a lying dog-face pony soldier.

Joe Biden: [Video] What kind of country we're going to be? Four more years of George, ah, George, ah, he, ah, going to find ourselves in a position where, if, ah, Trump gets elected, ah, we're gonna be, ah, we're gonna be in a different world.

Joe Biden: [Video] You know, we have to come together. That's why I'm running. I'm running as a proud Democrat for the senate.

Joe Biden: [Video] And by the way, you know, I sit on the stand, and it get hot, I got a lot of, I got hairy legs that turn, that, that, that, that, that, that turn, ah, ah, um, blonde in the sun. And the kids used to come up and reach in the pool and rub my leg down, so I was training them to watch the hair come, come back up again.

Joe Biden: [Video] They'd look at it. So I learned about roaches, I learned about kids jumping on my lap. And I love kids jumping on my lap.

Joe Biden: [Video] Barack and I think it's a right for people [Inaudible]. I'll lead an effective strategy to mobilize true and [Inaudible].

Donald Trump: [Video Ends] [Audience chants "Four more years] All right, thank you. We saved so mu -- I don't even have to say, I could say, "Goodnight, everybody, have a goo-" That can not be your president. The Biden lockdown would cripple Florida. My plan will lift Florida to record highs, we've already been doing it. So, joining us tonight, we have some wonderful people. You have a wonderful, great governor; loves your state.

Donald Trump: Loves your state and loves our country. Governor Ron DeSantis. Ron. [Audience alternately chants "Dade County for Trump" and "Four more years"] A man who's become a really good friend of mine, we went to war and he's a tough guy, he's a smart guy, but he really, he's doing a fantastic job for you and for everybody, Senator Marco Rubio.

Donald Trump: Good to see you, Marco. You have great senators. This is one that happened to be your governor also, and Ron would be the first one to say it. Rick Scott did a great job as governor, doing a great job as your Senator. Rick Scott. Where's Rick? Where's Rick? Thank you, Rick. And a great job on television today, Jeanette Nuñez.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, Jeanette. Wow, what a good job you did. What a job you did representing your state and said nice things about a lot of people. The only one I really cared about was me. So, I was very ha -- You did a great job today. Thank you very much, Jeanette. Chief Financial Officer Jimmy Patronis.

Donald Trump: Jimmy? Thank you. Thank you, Jimmy. Great, doing great Jimmy. And we have some warriors with us, real warriors, Mario Diaz-Balart, Congressman. Thank you, Mario. Fantastic job. Fantastic job. He's become a friend of mine. He had the, you know, China plague, and he got better pretty quick. Right? Got better quick.

Donald Trump: And now, he's immune. You know, until I came along, they said, "If you're immune, you're immune for life. Everybody's immune." When I got it, I said I was immune. They said, "Yeah, but it's only for four months now." They only -- Mario, they only now give us four months, okay? What a terrible thing. I'm sorry.

Donald Trump: I did that to all of those people. And another warrior, tough guy, smart guy, and really my friend Brian Mast. Brian. Where's Brian? Thank you, Brian. Congressional candidates, they're fantastic. Byron Donalds. Where's Byron? You are doing great, Byron. You are doing great. Good job. Fantastic job. And another man, I've known him for a long time, he's terrific.

Donald Trump: He's gonna win, he's up in the polls by the way, Carlos Giménez. Where is he? Carlos? And the next mayor of -- Thank you, Carlos. Good job. And the next mayor of Miami Dade County, Steve Bovo. Steve. Hey, you're a popular guy, Steve. You're a popular guy. [Audience chants "Bovo"] Former attorney general and a fantastic talent, and my friend for a long time.

Donald Trump: Oh, we're going to look for something for her. She had to go out and make a couple of bucks, and I'm sure she's doing great. She's always done great. And she was an incredible representative of your state, a very special woman, Pam Bondi. Hey, you're great. You're doing a great job. Great person. Another great person, she was so tough in California.

Donald Trump: She was the DA, right? The DA. And she was brutal. I think she was like 471 to nothing. You never wanted to get in trouble with this one. And she's a, uh, very special person to me, and to my family. Kimberly Guilfoyle. And you know, I have respect for champions. Okay? There's a reason you're a champion.

Donald Trump: And, whether it's Jack Nicholas who gave us a beautiful endorsement the other day, or -- So many champions, right? Not too -- Actually, not too many champions. Usually, they tend to choke in the end. In the end, they're not champions. But we have one of the greatest fighters anywhere in the world. In fact, I was willing -- Before, when there was a little trouble before, I was willing to pit whoever that poor person was against the greatest fighter, Jorge Masvidal.

Donald Trump: The greatest -- I went to a UFC fight. I went to a UFC fight, and this gentleman, this -- And he is a gentleman. He's a great guy, actually. Hard to believe. "How the hell are you such a nice guy? I have feeling -- I don't know." But he was fighting. He was fighting a young superstar, right? He was a young, handsome guy.

Donald Trump: Really good looking guy. Maybe that was the problem. Maybe he looked too good. And, I was -- Dana White. The great Dana White. You know who Dana White is, what a job. What a job. And he said, "Let me tell you something. You know, Jorge has been round for a little while. He's won most of his fights. I hear he's got a very big one coming up.

Donald Trump: I'll be watching that one. I'm going to -- I'm going to watching and see some fantastic talent. You know, he fought as a very young guy. Used to fight at eight years old, he'd beat up people that are 16 and 17. And then one day they said, "Let's take this guy to the gym." And you know what? He beat up all these guys in the gym.

Donald Trump: And he said -- And he's a total champion. He's a total champion. But I'll tell you, I, I was -- And I do want to take that bet. Is that person still here? No, she went back home to mom. Went back home to mom. But we had this young, handsome -- Really a good -- He looked like a male model. And Dana White said to me, "This is the future of the UFC." "Watch how great he is.

Donald Trump: He's tremendous." And wasn't he like 12-0? He walked in the ring, and he was full of stuff, and this guy walks in. And, uh, the fight lasted -- What was it? One and a half seconds, I think. Five seconds. It was the quickest knockout in the history of the UFC, right? No, he, he just -- It was like, "Ding." He runs across the ring, kicks the hell out of him, right in the face.

Donald Trump: And I looked at Dana. I said, "Dana, what happened?" What happened? He's a great fighter, and he's a great guy. Thank you very much. Thank you for being here. Thank you. Champ. He's a champ. He's got that heart. He's got that heart. Thank you man. We need more people like him, I can tell you. We need people like him in our government that have guts, and courage, and smarts too.

Donald Trump: For decades, our politicians spent trillions of dollars rebuilding foreign nations, fighting ridiculous foreign wars, and defending our foreign borders. And we didn't defend our own borders, right? But now we do. And now we're finally protecting our nation, rebuilding our cities and we are bringing our jobs, our factories, and our troops back home to the U.S.A. where they belong.

Donald Trump: It's enough. For 47 years, sleepy Joe Biden betrayed Hispanic Americans. [Audience boos] I'm not going to let you meet him, champ. You may get angry. [Audience member calls out "Knock him out"] Gotta be -- He'll be one tenth of one second. Now he wants to close your small businesses, eliminate school choice, and attack our Hispanic law enforcement heroes at the border.

Donald Trump: You know that. The radical left will assault Catholic organizations, ban prayer in school, and fund extreme late-term abortion. I will always stand with the incredible Hispanic American community. You know that. Well, that's one of the things that's going wrong with the vote. I mean, I'll tell you. I don't -- You know, you've been here so long.

Donald Trump: Because some of you have been here since like yesterday, right? I know you've been online. But you've been here a long time, but I'll, I'll tell you. So, one of the problems with Florida, uh, for the other side, for sleepy Joe and the Democrats is that they say, "What happened?" Uh, "The Hispanic Americans are not voting." Wh -- "They're not coming out for sleepy Joe.

Donald Trump: Who the hell can vote for this guy? You know they're saying, "That's one." Right? The other one is the black community. What's going on? They're voting for Trump. They're voting for Trump, look at you. They're voting for Trump. They're voting for Trump. Did you see it? 18%. You know, the old days they get 4%. You want 4%. You needed 4%. 18 or 19%, I think it's going up to 20%. Whatever it is, it's about three times what anyone's gotten.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you to the black community. Thank you to the Hispanic community. And we're returning the pharmaceutical industry back to Puerto Rico. You know, Biden is the one that took it out. So I don't know if we have anybody from Puerto Rico. Do we have Puerto Rico? Puerto Rico? Yes? We're bringing those jobs back.

Donald Trump: That was Biden. Oh that's right, oh yes. We're bringing the, uh, the pharmaceutical industry back. You know it was doing great and then Biden and his group of clowns, they didn't know what the hell they were doing. They moved it. You know where they moved it? China. [Audience boos] We're bringing it all back.

Donald Trump: Under my leadership we achieved the most secure southern border in the history of the United States. And the wall right now, yeah, it's over 400 miles. It'll be finished very shortly. And it's everything that the border patrol -- I listened to them. They wanted steel, concrete and rebar. I said, "What about just concrete plank?" Sir, we want it this way." I said, "Okay, I'll do it." I don't want to give them any excuses, right?

Donald Trump: But it's incredible what's happened with that, and we have the most secure border we've ever had. And by the way, we want people to come into our country. But we want them to come in on merit, and we want them to come in legally. And that's what happens. That's what we're doing. We want them to come in. We need people to come in.

Donald Trump: Because of the jobs. We need people. The Biden/Kamala plan -- [Audience boos] How about when she introduced herself, and they said, uh, "The Harris, the Harris/Biden Administration." And then Joe Biden said the same thing, like two hours later. He said, "Under the Harris/Biden administration," this is twice in one day.

Donald Trump: You now, I love Mike Pence, I think he's great. Don't we? But -- But I have a deal with Mike. I said, "Mike, I will never say it's the Pence/Trump administration." But Mike has done a great job. He's done a great job. You know where he's done a great job? With NASA. NASA. The space center. We have done a great job with that.

Donald Trump: Mike has led it. The Biden/Harris plan would increase refugees from terrorist regions by a staggering 700%, including from Syria, Somalia and Yemen. [Audience boos] And I am keeping radical Islamic terrorists out of our country, if you don't mind. We're keeping them the hell out, if you don't mind. If Florida doesn't mind, we will.

Donald Trump: You know, I put a ban on, everyone told me, "What a horrible thing to do. What a hor -- " Ask France whether or not that would be a good thing for them? Have you seen what's happened to France over the last week? No thank you. We want people to come into our country who love our country, right? Not who hate it.

Donald Trump: Like, for instance, we're going to win, we're going to win Minnesota. You know one of the reasons why? Ilhan Omar. [Audience boos] She loves our country very much. She loves our country. It's unbelievable. Yeah. Yeah, she loves us very much. We invested $2.5 trillion in the U.S. military, the most ever. And you know what?

Donald Trump: I said, "We gotta break the budget for this one, because -- " All built in the U.S.A. We have the best missiles, the best rockets, the best hydrogen F-35, submarines, nobody even close to us. We have submarine technology that nobody's even close. We have things that nobody -- We are the envy of the world militarily.

Donald Trump: And when I took it over, it was a depleted, broken military. One of the most overrated generals anywhere in the history of this country, came up to me and said, "Sir, we have no ammunition." This was my first week in office. I was getting a little bit frisky with a certain country, you know that, right? You all know about it.

Donald Trump: And he came, and he said, "Sir, we have no ammunition." I became much less frisky with that contract. I said, it we'll have to wait. Now we have so much ammunition we don't know what the hell to do with it. Okay. We also passed V.A. Choice and V.A. Accountability for our great vets right, right? Yeah. They said it couldn't be done.

Donald Trump: You just got a 91% approval rating from our vets, the highest by far that we've ever had. At my direction, the United States military conducted a successful operation, to rescue an American hostage kidnapped overseas just 96 hours ago. Last night, he was kidnapped 96 hours ago. We went in last night, the U.S. special forces, brilliantly executed a daring nighttime operation. [Audience chants "USA"] They wanted to do it so badly, they wanted to do -- Yeah, they kidnap this young in a far away land.

Donald Trump: They kidnap this young American kidnapped him and they were negotiating for uh, they wanted money. Once you give money, you know, once you do that, you'll have it hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of time. So we, uh, we had some people that are the best in the world. You know, these are the best fighters in the world, except for him, maybe I don't know.

Donald Trump: Different kinds of fighting, right? Different, uh, different kinds of fighting, right? But these are the best in the world. Incredible people, smart, brilliant in so many ways and great. They wanted to do it. I said, do they wanna do it? They, you couldn't hold them back. And they went in there and they went in by night and, uh, it was over very quickly and we didn't have anybody even injured slightly.

Donald Trump: We got the hostage and unfortunately they were, they are gone, they are gone. They are gone bad, bad people. Now, if you pay them, they'll be doing just over and over, you know? So I'd like, it would be wonderful, let's say. But once you do that, even if it was a small amount, it's no good. And they didn't want a small amount, they wanted a lot of money.

Donald Trump: Over the last four years, we've rescued a record, 55 hostages and detainees, in more than 24 countries. And some of them were, uh, very tough countries, but we were able to get them out. That's a lot. That's a record too. And what do we have Robert O'Brien is he around here? He is fantastic. Where's Robert?

Donald Trump: Where is Robert? He is so good. What happened to him? He's out negotiating a hostage deal. That's all he does. Where's Robert? Where is Robert? Oh, Robert, look at him. I'll tell you, he's a little, he's a little tired. This is his fifth rally today too he's fantastic, he's fantastic. What a job he does.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Robert. Great job too. Congratulations. That was great. I said, Robert, do you want to do it? It was like a yes before I finished the question. You want to do it, Robert? Yes. So anyway. Good job. Thank you very much. The operation should serve as a stark warning to terrorists and thugs, who try to kidnap our people.

Donald Trump: You cannot escape the long reach of our American military or American justice. You can't do it. All right? You can't do it. We are obliterated 100% of the ISIS caliphate and it was a mess. Let me tell you, when I took over, it was a mess. It was all over the place. It's gone. 100%. We killed the leader of ISIS Al-Baghdadi.

Donald Trump: They were looking for him for 14 first day in office. I said to our people great people. I said where's Al-Baghdadi, that's all I heard about Al-Bag every time I'd say where's Al-Baghdadi. And one day they came in, they said, we have him, sir, what do you want us to do? I said, I'll tell you what, let's go.

Donald Trump: And we got a bad, bad guy founded ISIS. And he was trying to rebuild it again. We eliminated the mass murder of U.S. troops and many troops had many people. Soleimani is dead. I withdrew from the last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear deal. Iran is not doing well, they had a 27% GDP decline. That was like the opposite with all the sanctions.

Donald Trump: I'll tell you the first call I get, If we win, we gotta win. First call I get will be from the Supreme leader, as he calls himself the Supreme leader. I refuse to call him the Supreme leader, but he calls himself the supreme leader. The first call will be from the supreme leader. And you know what? I'd love to make a deal with him, you know why?

Donald Trump: We don't wanna do anything bad, we just can't let him have a nuclear weapon, if that's okay. Can't let him have it. Obama paid him 150 billion dollars, 150 billion. [Audience boos] 150 million would be a lot, but 150 billion it's not even, it's not even conceived. This is people that don't have any clue about life.

Donald Trump: Gave him 1.8 billion in cash, in green. Can you believe it? Cash. Five plane loads, big planes. Exactly -- Where is that beautiful plane that we came in. Where the hell is it? Whoops, somebody stole Air Force One. Planes like that. I recognize the capital of Israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem.

Donald Trump: I also recognize Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights. 52 years they've been negotiating. People would fly in, fly out, fly in, fly out, have dinner, have lunch, fly in, fly out. 52 years, I did it in two hours, a little bit less. And instead of endless war, we are now forging peace in the Middle East.

Donald Trump: We have the countries are lined up, hooray. No blood in the sand, no cost, no nothing. They want -- You know what? After all these years, frankly, we just said, "What did Obama do?" And I heard -- And you know what I did? I did the opposite. I said, "What did Obama do?" And then I did the opposite and it worked.

Donald Trump: Biden and Barack Hussein Obama made a pathetic one-sided deal with the Castro regime on Cuba. [Audience boos] That was the other thing I did, I said, "Who made the deal?" "Obama." I said, "We're gonna go the exact opposite way, okay?" We only have a 96% approval rating with Cuban Americans, 96. 96 right? 96%, who the hell are the 4%? Find shampoo is the 4% maybe. (laughs). Now the Biden campaign has said that they will work closely with socialist dictator Maduro in Venezuela. [Audience boos] Not the way you do it.

Donald Trump: My opponent embraces socialists and communists because he has no choice. Because that's who he's dealing with in government. I stand with the proud people of Cuba, Nicaragua, and Venezuela in their righteous struggle for freedom. And we're making a lot of progress. A vote for me is a re -- It's, that's we are making -- By the way, we're making a lot of progress.

Donald Trump: A vote for me and the Republican Party is a vote for the American Dream, that's what it is. So in conclusion, over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world. And we will end our reliance on China once and for all. It's already started. We will expand opportunity zones, increase vocational education, and provide school choice to every family in America.

Donald Trump: We will hire more police, increase penalties for assault, so in law enforcement, and we will ban deadly sanctuary cities. With God's help, we will defend the right to life, religious liberty, free speech, and the right to keep and bear arms, your Second Amendment. [Audience chants "USA"] We will maintain America's unrivaled military might and we will ensure peace trough strength, that's what we're doing.

Donald Trump: We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, lower drug prices to the lowest levels they've ever gone, and we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions. America will land the first woman on the moon, and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars, very soon.

Donald Trump: We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education to our school. We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history and always respect our great American flag. We will live by the timeless words of our national motto, In God We Trust. For years you had a president who apologized for America. Now, you have a president who is standing up for America and standing up for the great incredible wonderful people of Florida.

Donald Trump: You better vote. Vote, vote, vote. Two days from now, America's fate is in your hands, and as I said we win Florida, we win it all. Your vote can defeat the Washington Swamp. We've done a good job of it, but it's deeper and more vicious than we ever thought, and the corrupt media right there once and for all.

Donald Trump: So you must get out and vote. We have never had in the history of our country, I really believe this, a more important election. We will never, ever be -- [Audience member calls out] This guy wants to start a conversation with me, can you believe? That's okay darling, yes? Oh good, Joan Miller from the Brooklyn Club Print.

Donald Trump: Hi Joan? Joan, let me finish up Joan, thank you very much. From Tampa to Tallahassee from Orlando to Jacksonville, and from Pensacola to Miami, we inherit the legacy of American patriots who gave their blood sweat and tears to defend our country and our freedom. We stand on the shoulders of American heroes, who crossed the oceans, settled the continent, tamed the wilderness, laid down the railroads, raised up the great skyscrapers, won two world wars, defeated fascism and communism and made America into the single greatest nation in the history of the world, and the best is yet to come.

Donald Trump: Proud citizens like you help build this country and together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people. With your help, your devotion, your drive, we are going to keep working. We are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning.

Donald Trump: We are one movement, one people, one family and one glorious nation under God and together with the incredible people of Florida we have made America powerful again, our military. We have made America wealthy again.

Donald Trump: Wealthy wealthy wealthy. We have made America strong again. We have made America proud again. We have made America safe again and we will make America great again, thank you. Thank you Florida, go out and vote. Thank you.