Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-campaign-rally-waukesha-wisconsin-october-24-2020

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Wow! What a -- Look at that! Look where that goes! Ah, boy. Boy oh boy. [Audience chants "USA"] Ah, thank you very much. And hello, Wisconsin! Thank you very much. What a great place. What a great place. What a place. We had such luck here four years ago. And I have a feeling we'll win -- We will win by even more, I think.

Donald Trump: I really believe that. We're going to win by even more. Ah, we had a good time here. But I've been doing a good job for you. You're building all those ships and all that other stuff I gave you. All of that military equipment. 10 days from now, we are going to win this state and we are going to win four more great years in the White House.

Donald Trump: And by the way, just so you know, you think there's a lot of people here? 20,000. There's about 25,000 outside trying to get in. Would anybody like to give them their place? Would anybody like to be nice? No? [Audience responds "No"] No. At the debate this week, the American people saw the contrast between a 47 year old -- career politician, if you'd -- call him that, who used public office to enrich himself and a businessman who entered the public space.

Donald Trump: We entered a public space to do a great job for our country and our people. Right? Did anybody see the debate, by any chance? They had a poli -- I shouldn't say this but I should. Maybe I should say. 91% to 9%. And I'm saying, "How did the 9% get in there?" (laughs). For the last half century, Joe Biden has been outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign ridiculous wars. [Audience Boos] I fight for the middle class.

Donald Trump: Biden is -- is -- You know what he does, right? I think he's fighting -- He's actually fighting I think for Hunter. For the family. Biden and his cronies, what they've done is a disgrace. And frankly, what the media has done is more of a disgrace. [Audience Boos] Think of it. Think of it. There's never been.

Donald Trump: There's never been. There's never been a more egregious assault on our people, on our country, than what the media's doing because they refuse to write about his corruption. And they'll write anything. They'll write falsely about us. But they refuse to write about his corruption. And now you can add Big Tech.

Donald Trump: Add Big Tech. Section 230. Add Big Tech. In 2016, Wisconsin voted to fire this depraved political establishment and you elected an outsider as your President who is finally putting America first. We're doing it. I had a much easier than this. I'll be honest with you. I thought this might have been a little bit easier.

Donald Trump: I didn't know the swamp was that deep and that vicious. They spied in my campaign. They did all sorts of things nobody could believe. It's never happened ever in the history of our country. And no President -- This should never happen to another President. This should never, ever be allowed to happen to another President.

Donald Trump: Let's see what happens. And now on top of it, we have the Biden deal. Pretty crazy. But you know what? Nobody. No administration -- Listen to those -- Listen to that sound that's coming so far away. [Audience chants "Lock him up"] This should never happen to another President again. It should never happen.

Donald Trump: They spied on our campaign. Long before I won -- we won. And what's even worse. After we win, that's when it really got going. A bunch of really crooked bad people. But you know what, that's draining the swamp. One by one. One by one. One by one. But you never told me it was going to like this. You work hard.

Donald Trump: You raise your families. You follow our laws. You support your church. You serve your community. And you give your love and loyalty to this country. Now you finally have a President that is loyal to you in return. And I am. And by the way, uh, there's some interesting things happening. Look at them back there.

Donald Trump: Look at all those cameras. They're rarin'. They're rarin' to go. Look at all those lights. Ah. They're very nervous when I'm talking because, you know, that red light's on and then they say, "Get ready to turn it off just in case." Get ready to turn it off. No. But they're, uh, seeing things that are happening.

Donald Trump: Florida's looking great. You know? They're saying, "What's going on in Florida?" They saying, "What's going on in North Carolina?" It's looking great. Looking fantastic, right? It's looking great. What's going on in -- Your Pennsylvania's looking great. Pennsylvania. We're a little worried about Philadelphia because a lot of bad things happened in Philadelphia over the years, you know?

Donald Trump: We got to watch Philadelphia. I love Philadelphia. I went to school in Philadelphia. But we got to watch it. There's a lot of things going in Philadelphia. They're watching. They're all watching. And, uh, I was looking fantastic. Right? Farmers? Nebraska looking great. No, the whole farm. The farmers are looking good.

Donald Trump: We did a lot for the farmers. $28 billion to the farmers from China. Directly from China. Thank you very much. Thank you, China. No, it's looking good. Michigan today, right? You saw that? The poll. Two points up in Michigan. Two points up. And a place called Wisconsin. You ever hear of Wisconsin? Up. Way up.

Donald Trump: It's looking good. So let's see what happens but they're getting a little nervous back there. The fake news. They don't like this. They said, "This wasn't supposed to happen. This is going even faster than it did four years ago." Remember that? Remember that great evening? Remember the great? Remember the great?

Donald Trump: We started with you very early. They announced you very early, right? They announced Wisconsin very early. But they had Florida. Florida has gone to Donald Trump. And they go, "Oh my. What happened?" Remember? We were supposed to lose Florida by a lot. Florida has gone to Donald Trump. Easily, actually. Right?

Donald Trump: Remember Ohio? I just left Ohio. By the way, we got you your football. Congratulations to them! Got Ohio. They had congratulations, too. Ohio State did great. You did great. I wouldn't want to come to one of these two places if you lost the game. Just so you know, I got te -- I got the Big Ten back. I also got the Packed 12 back.

Donald Trump: And you know how that happened? Right? Sleepy Joe Biden, when he heard they canceled the season, the Big Ten, I was working on China and other things. So if you don't mind, I didn't know too much about it. But they put out an ad, or something, that I was responsible for canceling Big Ten football. Me. I said, "What the hell do I have to do with it?" So I said, "Tell me about Big Ten." They said, "Sir." And I have a very good guy, Tim.

Donald Trump: Where's Tim? Is he around here someplace? Tim Pataki. Where's Tim? Where's Tim? He did a hell of a job. Anyway. I give -- I bring these young geniuses out. I said, "Tim, we got to get it back." But anyway. So what happens. They said, "Me." I said, "What do I have to do with it?" I said, "What happened?" Big Ten.

Donald Trump: It was canceled for the season. I said, "Why? These are young strong guys. Like Barron Trump." He got it. He got it. But believe it or not, they may not be as tall as Barron. And he's 14. But these are young strong people. And you know, Barron, they tested positive. And I said, "Oh. That's terrible. Barron, how you doing?" He said, "I don't -- I think I'm fine.

Donald Trump: I never -- What's wrong?" About 15 minutes later, I said, "Doc, how's he doing?" He's gone. He's perfect. He's perfect. It's all gone. And he was like -- It was so fast. Young. Young. Strong immune systems, right? Go back to school. Let's go back to school. Go back to school. No, it's true. He tested positive and then 15 minutes later, approximate, I said, "How's he doing, Doc?" He's fine.

Donald Trump: He's perfect. But that's what happens. First Lady had it. She's doing well. I had it. Here I am! Here I am! Here I am in Wisconsin. Got to get back. You got to -- we go to bring our country. Wisconsin. Pennsylvania. What do they have in common? Right? North Carolina. Democrat governor who want to keep -- watch, watch.

Donald Trump: On November 4th, on November 4th, they'll all announce, "You're open for business. We're open." And do you notice they always go, "Cases, cases." You know why, cases? Because we do more testing than anybody. So, Baron is a, it's a case. He's young guy. Baron is a case. 99.9, you know that right? 99.9. Baron's a case and it's crazy and you turn on and you say, "Cases have jumped, cases." Because we do -- Now, if we did half the testing, we'd have half the cases.

Donald Trump: If we cut that in half, we'd have another half cut. We have the greatest testing in the world. The bad news is the fake news uses it as a means. They talk about that. Mortality down, mortality rate down 85% because what we've done is incredible. What our doctors have done is incredible. It's incredible. And so I got it.

Donald Trump: They said, "Uh sir, uh excuse me sir, you've just tested positive." I said "Tested positive for what? What the hell do I have?" They said "You've tested positive, sir. COVID." I said, "You mean the China plague?" 'Cause that's where it comes from. And I didn't feel so great. I didn't feel so great. And I told the story two times in the last three days.

Donald Trump: I've done a number of these, you know. You know why? 'Cause we can't take any chances. We have to win. Some people said, "How the hell do you do this?" But there's a lot of love here. You know, it's easy. When there's love, you can do it. If there wasn't, no there's a lot of love. It's true. When there's love, right?

Donald Trump: Rick, is that Rick? I think, right? Yeah, by Rick. It's hardly see you. [Audience chants "We love Trump"] Thank you. No, I don't mind doing it. People have said, "How do you, how do you do this? How do you do this?" 'Cause you know, I'll do -- I'm gonna go, actually in the last two or three days, I'm going to five of these.

Donald Trump: And then after it's over, I'm gonna go back home and if you don't mind, I'm gonna sleep for a little while. Is that -- Right? If you don't mind. But no, the one thing I've learned, said it. When you're the President of the United States, there's no shortage of doctors. And so I'm not feeling good and I'm in this bed and I'm uh, I felt, I've haven't felt bad in a long time but I didn't feel good and I had just tested positive, so I'm surrounded by 12 doctors, 12. Exactly 12. The best in the world.

Donald Trump: Johns Hopkins University, right? Johns Hopkins, great. Great, brilliant place. Uh, Walter Reed Medical Center. The greatest place, I'm telling you. These doctors, they're great. But they, I had so many doctors and each one of them studied different parts of the body and I had a moment where almost every one of them was touching me simultaneously and I, I didn't like it.

Donald Trump: I didn't like it. And anyway, I said, "Doc, I gotta get outta here. I got a campaign. I'm in the midst of a campaign against Sleepy Joe. I can't, can you imagine -- can you imagine losing to this guy?" I said, "I gotta get going here." They said, "Sir, this is serious. I'm sorry. You'll have to just take it easy for a little while." I can't. Anyway, they gave me a thing called Regeneron, right?

Donald Trump: And we're making it available to anybody that needs it as soon as we can. We're doing an emergency use. And so what happened, they gave me Regeneron and I wake up the next morning and I felt like Superman. I ripped my shirt off. "I wanna go back. I wanna go. We gotta go and beat China and we gotta beat everybody.

Donald Trump: We gotta beat everybody." No, its true, I felt like Superman. I mean, it's amazing. They do a great job. They're just great people. But we gotta get our country back to work. We gotta get your place open. It's gotta open. Your state has to open. Pennsylvania, North Carolina, Michigan. The only one that has freedom in Michigan is the governor's husband.

Donald Trump: Right? He's allowed to boating, he's allowed to do whatever he wants. Everybody else -- but you know we won that big case. The Supreme Court of Michigan found it unconstitutional what she was doing. She was locking everybody up. And it's opening and I think that's one of the reasons that I'm doing so well in Michigan, because we're fighting her and we're fighting it.

Donald Trump: And the bottom line, we have to be vigilant, we have to be careful, we have to be everything. But we also have to get our lives back, we have to take our country back. It's going away, it's rounding the turn. You know, the vaccines are coming, right? And they're gonna be really great. And the therapeutics are amazing and maybe cures.

Donald Trump: I don't know. They call them therapeutics, but maybe cure. This stuff I took, either I got better myself or it was one hell of a medicine. I'll tell you. That I don't care which it was, but here I am and we got back very quickly. Took a little time off. We took a little time off and I actually probably feel better now than I did, uh, before the thing happened so, uh, but I appreciate your -- this is an incredible crowd of people this time of the night.

Donald Trump: Really. Incredible. It's an incredible group. An -- And the people outside are, it's even more people outside and it's just an a fantastic feeling. You know, President Obama came -- [Audience Boos] -- onto the scene today. [Audience Boos] Barack Hussein Obama, he arrived to help Joe because Joe's doing about -- so I'm doing numerous of these a day.

Donald Trump: I was about to tell you, in the last two or three days, I said, "Let's do five. We can't take a chance." Five. You know what five is? Five for hours. These aren't like five like, say hello to five people. These are 25, 30, 35,000. We had a 41,000 -- and the only thing that stopped us, look at the size. The only thing that stops us is the, uh, configuration, or we could have tripled this number.

Donald Trump: In Ohio, we could've had four times, uh, this pl -- it was just like this, but we could've had four times the number. The people on the streets I couldn't get. It's amazing. Something's going on and they see it. Something's going on. They see it. They just asked me at the plane, I did a little quick press conference, you know.

Donald Trump: I get ready -- you got to get ready because if they -- they're always, they're always going for the kill. Every question is the kill. The kill. Let's see if we can get him with this one. You know, they've been trying. They've been trying for a lot of years, haven't they? They've been trying for a lot of years.

Donald Trump: But at the plane and they said, you know these crowds are incredible. It's really amazing. And they said, one of them said, "Something's going on." And something is going on. There's a spirit for our country. I don't even think you saw this. I mean I know for a fact, you didn't see this four years ago because as good as four years ago, that was incredible.

Donald Trump: The best ever. The best ever. This is much better. This is stronger. This is stronger. This is stronger than it ever was. There has never been anything like it. There's never been anything like it. I was going to say, so Barack Hussein Obama showed up to help, to help Sleepy Joe because Sleepy Joe's only capable of doing one or two of these every three or four days, right?

Donald Trump: And he never leaves Delaware. I like Delaware very much, but he never leaves. It's, uh, Joe Bi -- w -- I said, "Where's he going to be?" Where, he's going to be in Delaware about two minutes from his house. Two minutes from the basement. So anyway, so I get a call that says, "Sir, I have a little bad news." "What?" "Barack Hussein Obama has come in and he's going to start campaigning for, for Sleepy Joe.

Donald Trump: I said, I said, "Let me ask you this, look he's coming in, he's coming in, but first of all, he didn't endorse him." You know, your vice president, wouldn't endorse him. And then after he won he wouldn't endorse him. You know, it took him like a long time, right? You know why? Because Obama was in shock that this guy won.

Donald Trump: He was in shock. It took him about two months to figure out what the hell happened. He said, "I can't believe it." First he said, "Joe, you don't have to do this." You remember the favorite? "Joe, Joe, don't do it. You don't have to do this. You don't have to run. Please, Joe. Don't do it." And don't forget, this is his second or third attempt.

Donald Trump: And -- when he was at prime time, which was never very good because any senator will tell you that his [Inaudible] was not good, but in prime time, he got one percent. We used to call him, "One Percent Joe." And now that it's 50 percent, he's at 50 percent, and at 50 percent, he wins. You explain. Is politics crazy or what?

Donald Trump: And you know on the debate, that last question about oil, right? [Audience Boos] And I was very proud of myself because I went a whole thing, and I was very nice. I got credit for being nice. I got a lot of credit. Right? Right, Rick? Got a lot of credit. Because you know the first time I was more aggressive, which I happened to like better because you got to get it over with.

Donald Trump: You don't get it done, but you know who liked my performance the first time better? The Hispanics. And I'm doing great with Hispanics. 78 percent. They loved the first. They want that stro -- they're tough, smart. But you know, so we go through the whole thing and he made a little couple of mistakes, but he -- it wasn't bad.

Donald Trump: And then the last question happened. He said, "Are you looking to get off oil?" He said, "Yes, uh, we have to do that." I said, "Oh, you do?" This is, this is -- this is a big moment, and I said, "I hope you're watching, Texas, and Pennsylvania, and -- " And by the way, you don't have to worry about it quite as much.

Donald Trump: But you know what you do? You want to keep your gasoline down. You want to keep your heating bills down, right? But Ohio is watching too, 'cause they do a lot of fracking. And then I played a clip that some of you saw. I don't know, we'll have up today. But -- I think it might be too cold to put it up if you want it [Inaudible]. But basically he said all the way along, right?

Donald Trump: He talked about fracking all the way along. We will not frack under any circumstance. Right? I mean, you couldn't be, I said, "He's the one against fra -- Basically he's against oil." You know, in Texas, he's against oil, guns, and God." [Audience Boos] And then the fake news said, "They're doing very well in Texas.

Donald Trump: It's even." I don't think it's even. You know, I speak to the governor. This governor said, "It's not even. It's not even close." But how do yo -- how can you be against oil, right, guns, Second Amendment, and God? That's not a good -- That doesn't work here either by the way, does it? I don't know. So anyways.

Donald Trump: So, uh, he said he's against fracking and then he gets the nomination because Elizabeth Pocahontas swore. A super -- Liberal decided that she hated Bernie and she wanted to destroy Bernie. Poor Bernie. This guy. He should get the award for sportsmanship. No, it happened twice, right? And he always takes it so well, you know?

Donald Trump: He's, he doesn't mind losing? He doesn't mind los -- he's a good sport. But it happened to him 'cause she would -- because then she'd gotten out before Super Tuesday. She got took votes away from him. He would've won every single state, and instead of sleepy Joe, we would've gone against crazy Bernie. Crazy Bernie.

Donald Trump: But Bernie did us a lot of favors on social security. You saw that, where he, he revealed that Joe wanted to break up social security. You can't do that and be a politician. Lot of politicians are now lying by the wayside, having wanted to break, you know, really wanting to break up social security. That's it.

Donald Trump: And Medicare. And so we had that clip, and I played that, and we'll play it the next time I'm in Wisconsin. But this is going to be in my opinion, the most important election in the history of our country. I really believe that. Because our country will never be a socialist nation. It will never be a socialist nation. [Audience Boos] And that's where they want to take you.

Donald Trump: With your vote, we will continue to bring back your jobs, lower drug prices. [Audience chants "Four more years"] I don't think it's cold here. You know, they said, "Sir, it's 32 degrees. It doesn't feel, we got a lot of warmth in here, right?" A lot of warmth. But we're going to support our police, protect our Second Amendment.

Donald Trump: We will protect our Second Amendment, defend our borders. They want to have open borders. If you don't have borders, you don't have a country. I'm sorry. And ensure more products are proudly stamped with that beautiful phrase, "Made in the USA." We will deliver record prosperity. By the way, you gotta get out and vote.

Donald Trump: And man, I'm out here. What the hell time is it? And it's freezing. If I don't win this state, I'm gonna come back I'm gonna be very angry at you. Epic job growth, groundbreaking therapies, a safe vaccine that quickly ends the pandemic. By the way, with or without it, and we have it. Great companies that we're rounding the turn.

Donald Trump: Drives them crazy when I say it. We're rounding a turn. Cases, cases, always cases. They don't use the other words. I don't want to use the other words. I don't even want to talk about the other words. 'Cause I thought sleepy Joe is very dark when he's talked about dark winter. A dark winter. Now how dark was that, how terrible was that?

Donald Trump: They say, "You sound too optimistic!" They're always saying I sound -- That's right. That's right, because I love this country. We're optimists. And you know what? You know what? And I said it the other night at the debate, "I don't want to put myself in a basement in the White House, or frankly, in a beautiful bedroom in the White House upstairs and lock myself in for year and a half." Because we have work to do.

Donald Trump: We can't do that. We don't have that luxury. We can't put ourselves in a basement and say, "No, we have to get out." We're running a great country. Our country next year will be greater than ever before. Look at what's happening. Our economy will be greater than ever before. You had the best -- you had the best year you've ever had last year.

Donald Trump: You had the best year economically that you've ever had. You're safe. But almost -- I can say it almost anywhere I go. You don't have to, like, Joe can't remember anything? This is when you don't have to. Just say, "He had the best -- " Because every state in the country just about. I think every state. Had the best year they've ever had last year.

Donald Trump: You are going to have a better year this year coming up because you see some -- The Atlanta Fed projected -- Now, they may be wrong. But you know, I think the highest ever was like 7 or 8%. 35% GDP increased. 35%. Nobody's ever heard of that. I told somebody, "I'll take 25 right now." But guarantee, right? 25 right now. 35%. Now, if they're right, good.

Donald Trump: If they're -- If it's at 20, if it's at 15, I mean, if it's anything like that. But they projected just on Friday, 35% GDP. The interesting thing is, guess when that comes out? On November 1st. It comes out on November 1st. So -- So, I'm willing to say, "Hold your vote just if it's anywhere (laughs) near there." Okay?

Donald Trump: Problem is, if it comes out at 25, they'll say, "President Trump has failed to deliver." I gave working family record setting tax cuts. Biggest tax cut in the history of our country. And sleepy Joe wants to raise the hell out of your taxes. This is -- [Audience Boos] -- So -- so look. [Audience Boos] You know, I haven't been doing this very long but I have been in politics.

Donald Trump: I've always been helping, you know, I've always been on the other side, right? But I've watched for a long time. And I've always watched politicians, we will cut your taxes! I mean, I've never seen. Here's a politician, we will raise your taxes! What the -- ? I've never heard it before. He's the only politician I've ever seen that's going to give you the largest tax crease -- tax increase in the history of our country. [Audience Boos] It's a quadrupling of taxes.

Donald Trump: And he's going to put all the regulations back. All the things that have created these jobs because frankly, I think the regulations might have been more important even than the tax cuts. But all of those things. It'd take 20 years to get a highway approved. We have it down to two. It's going to be down to one.

Donald Trump: And you may get rejected for environmental or safety reasons. But all of that stuff is going to go back. All of it. But he's the only politician I've ever seen saying he's, "Going to raise your taxes." Who the hell wants that? They're going to get -- They're going to get your Second Amendment. They're going to obliterate your Second Amendment.

Donald Trump: Think of what they want to do. [Audience Boos] But as long as I'm here, your Second Amendment is safe. As long as I'm here. As long as I'm here, your tax cuts are safe. They want to take away your child tax credit. That's a $1,000 a child. That we got you. We got you. They want to take that away. As long as I'm here, all of that -- Because it has to go through the President, okay?

Donald Trump: So you don't have to worry about it. The election is a choice between a Trump super recovery. That's what we're having. Or a Biden depression. If he gets in, with this craziness that he's talking about, with these massive tax -- And you know where the money's going? To the Green New Deal. [Audience Boos] They want to rip down thousands of buildings and rebuild them with very small windows.

Donald Trump: Very small. I want my beautiful window. I want my view. I don't want to have small windows. It is the craziest thing conceived and dedicated by AOC plus three, who I don't think she ever even studied the environment -- [Audience Boos] -- in school. She didn't study Environment. [Audience Boos] Did AOC ever take a course in Environment, Rick?

Donald Trump: I don't think so. The great Rick Grenell. Does everybody know Rick? Wow! Rick! That's mixed up. He's phenomenal. Ah, man oh man. He'd walk into that Justice Department. He was loaded up. He gave them so much stuff. He's the greatest. Thanks. I didn't know you were going to be here, Rick. What a job you've done.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Rick Grenell. Thank you, everybody. It's a choice between a Trump boom and a Biden lock down. He wants to lock it down. He was saying the other night, "Lock -- " We're not locking anything down! We understand this disease. We're going to take care of our seniors and people that are really susceptible, especially seniors with diabetes.

Donald Trump: Seniors with problems with the heart. You know, some countries, they report differently. If somebody's sick with a heart problem, and they die of COVID, they say, "They died of a heart problem." If somebody's terminally ill with cancer, and they have COVID, we report them. And you know, doctors get more money and hospitals get more money.

Donald Trump: Think of this incentive. So some countries do it differently. If somebody is very sick with a bad heart, they die of COVID, they don't get reported as COVID. So then you wonder, gee, I wonder why their cases are so low. This country and their reporting systems are really not doing it right. If somebody has a really bad heart, and they're close to death, even if they're not, but they have a very bad heart and they get COVID, they put it down to COVID.

Donald Trump: Other countries put it down to a heart. So we have to be, uh, -- we're gonna to start looking at things because you know, they have things back -- They have things a little bit backwards. They have things a little bit back.Joe Biden has made a corrupt bargain in exchange for his party's nomination. He has handed control of his party over to the socialist, communist, Marxist, and left-wing extremists, and they are. [Audience Boos] And they're filled with hatred, venom, and rage.

Donald Trump: They really are. I mean, you look at, you look at Portland look at these anarchists, right? You look at these anarchists, and we want to go into Portland so bad. You know we do it, we do it. We've done it. So, we go, Minnesota. We, we go in and what we've done in Minnesota, what we've done all over, all over, wherever they -- but we have to be invited.

Donald Trump: We have to be invited in. But Minneapolis, a week and a half they're burning the hell out of the place. And then we [Audience Calls out "Kenosha"] -- Kenosha, do I love Kenosha, Kenosha. I got the endorsement of the sheriff. I don't know if the sheriff's here, where's the sheriff, is he here? Where is the sheriff?

Donald Trump: I love that sheriff. We got the endorsement of everybody in Kenosha. You wouldn't have a Kenosha if there wasn't a Trump. That one we didn't wait, that one we didn't wait. You know, we have to be invited in. And actually, I must tell you, the governor was very nice. He did call and he said, "Okay, you can come in." I said, "I wish you called a week ago." But we went in and we solved the problem.

Donald Trump: And I came back here as you know a little while later and we met all of the law enforcement that did such a good job. But Kenosha, you wouldn't have a Kenosha right now. I mean, they burned down a few stores. We're working to get them built up, right? We're working to get them built up. But, uh, we did a great job.

Donald Trump: But we went into Minneapolis also, that was a week and a half. And it was terrible, the damage that was done. But it was sort of a beautiful thing, world's most expensive uniforms. They come in -- they have helmets that cost a fortune, there is more computers in those helmets. So they come in and you have one, two, not socially distanced by the way, they were right -- And they'd stand next -- and then you'd have black, black uniforms.

Donald Trump: And then you had another line, another line, another line. And these were really bad people. And you had CNN, whoops, the light just went off. That light doesn't -- Soon as they hear the word, CNN, boom, the light goes off. No, you had the CNN the, you know, shaves his head, maybe I'll do my hair that way. [Audience chants "CNN sucks"] Well, you have CNN and the guy, what's -- I don't know who he is, [Inaudible] Ali Velshi, right?

Donald Trump: Velshi. I hate to give him the publicity, but who the hell cares, right? And he's going, he's in, right, he's in Minneapolis. "And I'm reporting from Minneapolis, where it's a very peaceful demonstration." And you look behind him, right? The entire city is burning down. It looked like Berlin in its worst day.

Donald Trump: The entire city, and he's talking about, this is a peaceful -- and then he got hit on the knee by a canister of tear gas, right? And he went down, he's down. And honestly, I felt very badly that he was down, okay. I felt very badly that he was down. But he got hit by, I think either pepper spray or a canister of tear gas.

Donald Trump: He went down. I've never seen anyone go down so fast. Anyway, then these guys, they lined up. They came in, they lined up, lined up, four lines, very tight, boom. Beautiful looking people and then they just walked. That was the end of it, it ended, right? That was the end of it. The only thing easier would be Portland, those are anarchists.

Donald Trump: You know, those are real anarchists, and they would be so easy. They've been burning down that city for 15 years. Portland, it'd be so easy. If Biden wins, the flag burning rioters on the streets will be running your federal government. [Audience Boos] You know, I signed the law, you knock down a statue, you knock down a monument, you go to jail for 10 years, took an old law.

Donald Trump: It's amazing what that did, you know, did you notice, it all stopped. You know, they were coming in, all over the country, they're knocking down statues. They're knocking down statues. Then it goes, uh, Abe Lincoln. I said, "What did Lincoln do wrong?" Right? Lincoln, George Washington. They want to take down the Washington and [Inaudible] I said, "No thank you.

Donald Trump: I think we'll keep it." No, these people, they've got a lot of problems. This election day, the people of Wisconsin must stop these anti -- American radicals by giving Joe Biden a thundering defeat at the ballot box. Now -- It's not Biden. Just so you -- Look, it's not Biden. You know that. It's the people that totally control him.

Donald Trump: He's not gonna be there long. They love their vice president. She's the only one that's considered much further left than crazy Bernie, okay? He's got some b -- You know, she was so nasty and so horrible to him. And I said, "He'll never pick her because what she said about him was so terrible. Everything she said was terrible." And then he picked her and I just don't know what's going on with that party.

Donald Trump: That party's a mess. But their numbers are dropping like a rock and mine are going up, but -- I don't know which is more important, mine going up or theirs dropping. I don't know, but they're dropping. But they were saying, and I was saying before, they were saying, "Uh, do you have any comment as to what's going on with the numbers?" And I said, "I told you this was gonna happen.

Donald Trump: You don't remember four years ago, this is just gonna be a bigger version. We're gonna win by a lot more." Win by a lot more. Biden is constantly lies, and he said he won't defund the police, he's gonna leave the police alone. He also won't tell you the truth about his decades-long quest to cut social security and Medicare.

Donald Trump: But we have tapes, one on the police and one on social security and Medicare. Please play the video. See what I do for you? I get videos. [Begin Video]

Unidentified: [Video] Can you believe there is systemic racism in law enforcement?

Joe Biden: [Video] Absolutely.

Unidentified: [Video] Joe Biden's staffer as they gave money to a fund to help bail out accused criminals --

Unidentified: [Video] Kamala Harris is working to help the instigators, the criminals, get out of jail.

Unidentified: [Video] Everyone beware that they're not gonna stop at anything.

Joe Biden: [Video] Only person who's defended the police is Trump.

Joe Biden: [Video] I have had over one-way support from police my whole career up until this year.

Unidentified: [Video] We can refuse the responsibilities assigned to the police and redirect some of the police. We agreed that we can redirect some of the funding.

Joe Biden: [Video] Yes. Absolutely.

Bernie Sanders: [Video] Let me ask you a question, Joe.

Joe Biden: [Video] Yeah.

Bernie Sanders: [Video] You're right here with me.

Joe Biden: [Video] Yeah.

Bernie Sanders: [Video] Have you been on the floor of the Senate, you ran the Senate for a few years --

Joe Biden: [Video] Yep.

Bernie Sanders: [Video] -- time and time again, talking about the necessity with pride about cutting social security, cutting Medicare, cutting veterans' programs.

Joe Biden: [Video] No.

Bernie Sanders: [Video] You never said that?

Joe Biden: [Video] No.

Joe Biden: [Video] When I argue that we should freeze federal spending, I meant so -- security as well. I meant Medicare --

Joe Biden: [Video]  Look, here's the deal.

Bernie Sanders: [Video] You're an honest guy. Why don't you just tell the truth here? We all make mistakes.

Joe Biden: [Video] I -- I am telling the truth.

Joe Biden: [Video] And I not only tried it once, I tried it twice, I tried it a third time and I tried it a fourth time --

Bernie Sanders: [Video] Joe, let me repeat it again. I want you just to be straight with the American people. I am saying that you have been on the floor of the Senate time and time again, talking about the need to cut social security, Medicare, and veterans' programs. Is that true or is that not true?

Joe Biden: [Video] No, it's not true. What --

Bernie Sanders: [Video] That is not true?

Joe Biden: [Video] That is not true.

Joe Biden: [Video]  I meant veterans' ben -- I meant every single solitary thing in the government.

Joe Biden: [Video] Everything was on the table. I did not support any of those cuts in social security, or in veterans' --

Bernie Sanders: [Video] Whoa, whoa, whoa. You -- you -- Everything was on the table. All right, you're right. You just said it, including, in your judgment, cuts to social security and veterans.

Joe Biden: [Video] In order to get the kinds of changes we need on other things rela --

Bernie Sanders: [Video] Okay. Joe, but I just --

Joe Biden: [Video] -- but we didn't, but we did not cut it, I [Crosstalk]

Bernie Sanders: [Video] I know, because people like me help stop that. All that I would say to the American people, go to YouTube. It's all over the place. Joe said it many, many times. I'm surprised, you know, you can defend th -- th -- or change your mind on it, but you can't deny the reality.

Donald Trump: [End Video] And he will cut your social security. Think of it. No politician can cut social security. And he tried, and thank you very much, Bernie Sanders.

Donald Trump: I thought you were excellent. We should be running against Bernie. Who would we do better with, Bernie or Joe? Who would you rather have? I think maybe B -- Bernie's, Bernie's a little bit sharper. As long as I'm president, I will always protect Medicare and social security, and I will always stand with the heroes of law enforcement.

Donald Trump: And no one is hurt more by Democrats than the war on police, than the African Americans -- are hurt more than anybody. They hurt more than anybody, and that's one of the great things about the debate the other night. It really showed what was happening with minority communities, with Hispanic, with -- It was incredible.

Donald Trump: Some of the answers he gave were so bad. In just four Democrat-run cities, over 1,000 African Americans were murdered last year. Think of it. Joe Biden and the radical left totally ignore these victims. I never will. I never will. Biden wants to abolish cash bail, releasing more than 400,000 criminals onto the streets, many into your community.

Donald Trump: He wants to eliminate mandatory minimum sentencing, even for the most heinous crimes, for murderers, for rapists. Biden would disarm law-abiding Americans and turn the entire country into one giant sanctuary for criminal aliens. I mean, a, a one giant sanctuary. It's so bad. It's so dangerous. Our police are so against it.

Donald Trump: Before I came into office, corrupt Washington politicians callously turned a blind eye to criminal gangs that broke into our country, terrorized our communities, and preyed upon innocent Americans, including MS-13 gangs, probably the worst of them all. [Audience Boos] And by the way, if we didn't have our Border Patrol, and if we didn't have ICE, they would be running rampant all over our cities, all over our states.

Donald Trump: We have removed thousands and thousands of MS-13 and brought them the hell out of our country back to [Inaudible]. Thousands. And working for ICE, these I -- You know, ICE is, uh, they're heroes. They really are, and they're tough as hell, but they love our country. And I mean, I see some of my friends up here, they're tough too.

Donald Trump: You don't want the job. They will go into what they call a nest, and all of a sudden you see fists flying. You see everything goin' and then our guys walk out, and they bring 'em out. Sometimes they can't bring 'em out. They're so dangerous, we don't wanna take a chance they come back. So we end up putting them in jail for a long time.

Donald Trump: And it's not a good situation 'cause we have to pay a fortune for it, but we can't bring them back because we don't trust the places we're bringin' 'em. Today we're tremendously honored to be joined by more than 300 brave men and women of law enforcement. I especially wanna recognize Danilo Cardenas who is a very, very special person.

Donald Trump: He's a National Latino Police, offers -- Officers, Milwaukee Chapter, a fantastic man. Pat Yoes of the Fraternal Order of Police, and Sage Hill of the National Troopers Coalition. I have the endorsement, these groups, and almost every group all over the country. New York City's finest endorse me. First time they've ever endorsed a presidential candidate.

Donald Trump: New York City's finest. And all they wanna do is do their job. They want to do their job, but they don't want to do their job and lose their pensions, lose their families, lose their life. Chicago Police endorse me -- Florida, Texas, Oklahoma, every place. I asked Joe in one of the debates -- the first one.

Donald Trump: I said, "Joe, just name one law enforcement group that's endorsing you." He couldn't do it. Then I said, "Joe, say the words law and order. Just say the words." He couldn't do it, right? Couldn't do it. "No, I don't want to do that." Oh, really, you don't want to do that. No. And we're saving the suburbs.

Donald Trump: Ya know they say, "President Trump may not be doing well with suburban women." I said I think I'm doing very well -- (laughs) I was given a phony interview so I released the whole tape I was given because we had our cameras shooting too. That was pretty cool actually. Cause you can see how horrible these people are but I was giving a, uh, an interview and the person doing it, who cares, but -- But the person doing it said, "you were pleading with suburban women." I said I wasn't pleading. "No, you were saying please, please like me." No, I said this, I said, "Suburban women, you should love me for what I'm doing." Because I'm saving the suburbs.

Donald Trump: I'm saving the suburbs. Unless you want a project near you. Did you ever see these things where they have the beautiful little houses and -- by the way, 30% of the people living in the suburbs are minority groups. African American, Asian American, Hispanic American. So it's their American Dream. It's their American Dream.

Donald Trump: It's your -- did you see the clip though where they have a little house, another little -- and then they have like a story building and it goes -- and low income and a lot of crime and it's been a horror, and I was told I could change the rule. And my people taught me -- Ben Carson's fantastic -- He said -- Right?

Donald Trump: He said, "Sir, why don't we just amend the rule?" I said, "Nope, we have to terminate it, get rid of it. It's really bad. It's a regulation, a very bad regulation." He said, "Well, we could just -- ", I said "Here's the problem. If we do that it'll never be good enough, terminate it." I got rid of it. So suburban women, you better love Donald Trump, you better love him.

Donald Trump: Got rid of it. And I think that you will. This happened in the last election, remember? "Women will never vote for Donald Trump", this was -- you know, they're great geniuses -- this was four years ago, "Women will not vote for Donald Trump." I said, "Why? am I so bad?" Am I so bad? So bad, women will never vote and then the election's over and they're all in a state of shock.

Donald Trump: Some are crying, some are like, totally gonzo. And what was one of the big factors? Women voted by leaps and bounds for Donald. And this time it's going to happen even more so because what we're doing in terms of crime, in terms of law and order, in terms of the regulation in the suburbs. But in terms of so much, we're going to do even more so.

Donald Trump: That's why the crowds are much bigger than there were, ever. And we had big crowds, we had crowds like nobody's ever seen. These crowds are ridiculous, okay? If you want to raise your children in safety, you must defeat sleepy Joe Biden on November, (laughs), third. He's a beauty. He's a beauty. I tell you, how the hell that ever happened, I don't know.

Donald Trump: I have the privilege of running against perhaps the single worst candidate in the history of Presidential politics, which puts a lot of pressure on me. It puts a tremendous amount of pressure. I'd rather run against a good, possibly even, a great candidate. Because if something happens, you don't feel so bad.

Donald Trump: Can you imagine losing to this guy? Can you -- You better not do that to me, Wisconsin. You know -- You know, if we win Wisconsin, we win. It's a big deal. We win Wisconsin -- We win Wisconsin, it's over. So, in addition to the great Rick Grenell, we're joined by warriors Bryan Steil -- Bryan, Bryan, doing a great job.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Bryan -- and Glenn Grothman -- Glenn, thank you -- congressmen. And a great congressional candidate, F. Scott Fitzgerald. And I'd like to say, can I add F.? Scott Fitzgerald. I know, F. Scott, F. Scott Fitzgerald. Great, Scott, I heard you're doing well, I heard you're doing really well. Wisconsin GOP Chairman, Andrew Hitt, who's been fantastic.

Donald Trump: How are we doing? Huh? We're doing good, Andrew? Well, we better do good, you'll be fired so fast, Andrew. He said we're doing great, we are doing good. We're doing good. We should be doing good. For decades, our politicians spent trillions of dollars rebuilding foreign nations, fighting foreign wars and defending foreign borders.

Donald Trump: But we are now finally protecting our nation, rebuilding our cities and we are bringing our jobs, our factories and our troops back home where they belong, back to the U.S.A. Back home, we're bringing our troops back home, it's enough. 19 years in Afghanistan and they are acting as police. Uh, we know, they have to have their own police. 19 years in Afghanistan.

Donald Trump: And they're the greatest fighters in the world and now they have the greatest equipment to do it. You know, when I took over it was depleted. 2.5 trillion made in the U.S.A., a lot of it in Wisconsin, by the way. This week I signed an order to protect the pensions of workers at the Del Phi Corporation, does anybody know about that?

Donald Trump: These workers were taken advantage of very badly. When GM went bankrupt Biden and Obama threw these workers to the wolves. Their pensions were totally wiped out, they were treated very unfairly. My order is the first step to restoring the pensions and healthcare benefits promised to workers in Wisconsin, Michigan and Ohio.

Donald Trump: Because, I will never let any -- they wanted to rip off our great American workers. We're gonna take care of our workers. Thanks. Yeah, thanks. And we should take care of our workers. So Delphi, is there anybody from Delphi here? I know I have your vote, but I'm not doing it for that reason, I'm doing it because what they did to you -- look at that, that's quite a few people.

Donald Trump: Uh, what they did to you is very unfair. They lied to you, they lied to you. I ended the NAFTA nightmare and proudly signed the brand new -- USMCA into law and it's just kicked in -- and it's good. One of the most important things, it makes it prohibitive for companies to leave Wisconsin or any other place and go to Mexico or Canada.

Donald Trump: It's very costly for them to do that, thank you. Wisconsin dairy farms were decimated under -- Obama, Biden. Under the USMCA our dairy exports to Canada -- are expected to surge by 50 to 100 percent, and very quickly. And I can't say that Canada's thrilled about the deal, but that's the way it is. I said, "You either do this or we're gonna maybe do something to you with the tariffs, or the cars coming in." Nah, they were very nice, they were very nice.

Donald Trump: Biden is controlled by Wall Street because they know he'll return the pro -- China, pro-outsourcing policies -- [Audience Boos] -- that have always been so destructive to our country. There is no country, there is no anything that has ripped off the United States like for 25 years China has done. [Audience Boos] Billions and billions and billions of dollars a year, and I give China a lot of credit.

Donald Trump: I wish our people did it the other way, right? But they didn't do it, and I'm not just talking about Obama, I'm talking about long before Obama, others also. Obama was bad, they were all bad, but we changed it and it's changing fast and we did a great trade deal. They had the largest order two weeks ago, three weeks ago they had the largest order of corn, soybeans, cattle, beef.

Donald Trump: They had the largest in the history -- but, this China deal, but the ink wasn't dry on our trade deal with China and the plague came in from China, so I view it much differently than -- I would have viewed it. I would have been very happy about the largest order of corn, they want to keep me happy. I guess they think I'm gonna win -- but they hope like hell I'm not.

Donald Trump: Can you imagine? Would they be happy if I didn't win? Yeah, I think so. Lot of countries would be happy. You know, they did a study that in Germany they like President Obama much more than President Trump. Well that means I'm doing a good job. It's true, that means I'm doing a good job. I, I think you should say that with most.

Donald Trump: And you know I tell other countries, 'cause with me it's America first -- and I tell other countries -- and y -- 'cause they'll come, they say, "Sir, that's very tough." Well they've never heard that before, right? They've never heard of America first. I said, "No, no, it's America first, and your country should be first too." "You should say whatever your country is first, but we can't do this any more.

Donald Trump: We're not gonna do it any more. We'll help and we'll do things, but it's America first." If Biden wins, China wins, and China -- if Biden wins -- China will own -- the USA. You know China was supposed to -- in 2019, I tell this all the time because I've seen it for years, 10 years ago, you go back and look, in 2019 China was going to take over the US, the economy was gonna be much larger than ours, and I got involved three and a half years ago, almost four years ago, and it was just the reverse.

Donald Trump: We were going up leaps and bounds. We were doing better. We'd tariff them, we did all sorts of things -- but they were supposed to catch us, right? 2019, for years they were saying, "2019, 2019." Didn't work out that way, but then we had the plague that came over, and we will never forget it. We will never, ever forget it.

Donald Trump: If we win, Wisconsin wins. If we win, America wins. It's very simple. Under my leadership we achieved the most secure border in US history -- and we are now finishing the wall. It's almost complete. We're doing 10 miles a week -- and Mexico is paying for the wall. You know, they like to say -- they like to say -- you know, you don't hear about the wall any more.

Donald Trump: You know, now that it's built we have record numbers, all that stuff, and this is the wall that the border patrol wanted. We sat down and we gave them everything. It cost a little more money, they wanted steel, not concrete, I figured we could put up concrete plank. They didn't like that. We did everything they wanted, we have an incredible wall, all technologically wired and hooked up.

Donald Trump: Everything is great, but it was very important, but you don't hear about the wall any more from the fake news media. They don't talk because we got it. So now the other day, not the other day, a couple of months ago, but now they know that's, that we're in step two, I said, We're building the wall, it's better, it's great, it's the best wall, all that stuff, right?

Donald Trump: And they said, "Well, Mexico is not paying for it." I said, "They never fail." So, Mexico is paying for it, and that's the way it is. They're paying the border tax, that's okay. They're paying a border tax, they're paying for the wall. And Mexico, by the way, has been great. You know, Mexico has 27,000 soldiers on our border, guarding us from people coming into our country.

Donald Trump: How about that? President of Mexico is doing a good job, it's not easy. They're heavily, uh, infected. The Covid has been very tough for them. Very, very tough. And frankly, it's a great time to have the wall, but Mexico has been very, uh, really hit hard. Hit very hard. In a lot of ways, but he's a great gentleman.

Donald Trump: And a great -- I think he's gonna be a great president, too. Joe Biden has vowed that he wants open borders, mass amnesty, and free health care for illegal aliens. If Joe and Kamala are elected, it will trigger a Tsunami of illegal immigration the likes of which you've never seen, from every corner of the world, overwhelming every community in America, including your very beautiful community.

Donald Trump: You know, we all have a heart. We want to take care of people. But when you say we're gonna give you free education, free health care, free everything, millions of people are gonna come here. The people that weren't even thinking about it, they're gonna come. We can't do it. That will destroy your social security.

Donald Trump: That will destroy your Medicare. The radical left isn't trying to lead America, they're trying to burn it down. You just take a look at what's going on. Only your vote can save America. This is the most important election. I never thought I'd ever say it. I never thought I'd say it, after what we went through four years ago.

Donald Trump: I said, "That's gotta be the most important -- " This is more important. It's like a tree. You move the tree, it takes a while to really catch on. You know, we did a lot of things, and we have more to do. There's more taxes, we're cutting more taxes. That's why so much is coming into the country. Billions and billions of dollars is pouring into our country.

Donald Trump: Not into other countries. All of the things we've done has been so great. But it takes awhile to catch on. Just like a tree. It takes a little while. But, in addition, we're doing additional tax cuts, many, many more regulation cuts. We have a long way to go. You know, we have statutory procedures where you have to wait six months before you do phase two, you have to wait another two months after you do that, but we have a lot of additional regulation cuts uh, to come, it's so important.

Donald Trump: I actually do believe, I really do believe, more important than the tax cuts. We invested 2.5 trillion dollars in the U.S. military, including nearly six billion dollars to save the historic shipyard, Marinette Marine. Do you know Marinette? And I was there a few months ago, and I'll tell you, Marinette, they build beautiful.

Donald Trump: These are beautiful -- these are, uh, speedy -- I call them speedy destroyers, that's what they are. They are gorgeous. They look like yachts, but better. They look like yachts with a lot of weapons on them, to be ordered out. They got a hell of a lot of weapons on it. Wisconsin will now build the next generation of American warships, creating 1000 jobs, going up to 2000, 3000, and even 4000 at the shipyard.

Donald Trump: And thousands of more jobs throughout your state. We killed the leader of Isis, Al -- Baghdadi. Everybody was after Al -- Baghdadi. And we then took out the mass murderer of America troops and many, many people, many troops from many countries, Soleimani is dead, he's gone. I withdrew from the last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear deal. 150 billion dollars for nothing. 1.8 billion in cash.

Donald Trump: That's more impressive. 1.8 billion dollars in cash. We got nothing. I withdrew, and the first call I get if we win is going to be from the head of Iran. Their economy is crashing, the sanctions that we put on have been very biting to put it mildly. They will call and they will make a deal, and we'll help them because I wanna help them.

Donald Trump: I want them to be so successful. But they cannot have a nuclear weapon, it's very simple. I recognize the true capital of Israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. And instead of never-ending wars in the Middle East, we're forging peace in the Middle East. We just signed -- we just signed another country yesterday.

Donald Trump: You saw that Sudan -- now we have United Arab Emirates headed by a great warrior, a great leader, Mohammed, a great leader. And Bahrain, you saw that. And now we have Sudan and we have many more that are waiting to come and it's amazing. This was all said by the great geniuses that we dealt with, "It can't be done that way." I said, "No, it can't be done the way they've been trying to do it for 40 years." And we have many, many more that are ready to sign up.

Donald Trump: I did more in 47 months than Joe Biden did in 47 years. A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, a limitless future for all Americans. Frankly, it's a vote for the American dream. That's what it is. Party of Abraham Lincoln, don't ever -- You know I say it all the time, everyone thinks it.

Donald Trump: Abraham Lincoln was a Democrat. Abraham Lincoln was a great Republican. And, in conclusion, over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world. And we will end our reliance on China. It's already started. Once and for all, we'll be doing it ourselves. We'll be making it right here in Wisconsin and other places.

Donald Trump: We will hire more police, increase penalties for assaults on law enforcement, and we will ban deadly sanctuary cities. We will uphold religious liberty, free speech, the right to life and the right to keep and bear arms, second amendment. We will strike down terrorists who threaten our citizens. Is -- We have people that wanna threaten our citizens.

Donald Trump: You see what happened in France two days ago. Horrible thing. President Macron is, uh, devastated by this. We're not gonna have it. And we will keep America out of endless foreign wars, they never end. We will maintain America's unrivaled military might and we will ensure peace through strength. That's what we have.

Donald Trump: And that 2.5 trillion, the greatest equipment anywhere in the world. Nobody -- we're the envy of the world. We have the hydrosonic super missiles where they go seven times faster than the fastest missile what right -- have right now. They're so fast, uh -- By the way, you never wanna use 'em. We have missiles, rockets, tanks, the F35's all-new plane stealth.

Donald Trump: All new planes, ships, submarines. We have -- All of our nuclear's been redone. Hope to God we never have to use it. Just hope to God that we never have to use it. But we've never been in this position. When I came into office, one of the world's most overrated generals said, "Sir, we have no ammunition." I said, "No president should ever hear that again." And now we have so much ammunition we don't know what to do with it.

Donald Trump: We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency all signed up and ready to go on January 1st. Lower drug prices even more. You know we had the first decrease last year, in the last 52 years. It was only 1% but it was a decrease. But, we're going favored nations who have the lowest prices in the world a match.

Donald Trump: And the drug companies don't like me, that's why you have all those commercials on television. Big pharma is very powerful, lot of money, unlimited. They are doing commercials because I did something. You're gonna have 50, 60, 70, 80% reduction in prescription drug prices. It had to be done. 'Cause I don't -- I don't work for them and we will always protect patients with pre existing conditions.

Donald Trump: We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education to our schools. And we will teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag. And we will live by the timeless words of our national motto, "In God We Trust." For years you had a president who apologized for America, now you have a president who is standing up for America and standing up for the great people of Wisconsin.

Donald Trump: For the last four years, you have seen me fight for you, and now I am relying on you to deliver another historic victory for our country. Vote early, go out and vote. Bring your friends, bring your family, your neighbors, your co-workers, get out and vote. This is the most important election that we've perhaps ever had.

Donald Trump: From Green Bay to Kenosha, I feel a warmness. I love Kenosha. I love Kenosha, you know why? I feel like -- . there's just a feeling, I say -- I'm telling you, Kenosha was gonzo. And how beautiful a sight was that, right? They walked in, that was the end of that. Our guys walked in, that was the end. So, from Green Bay, and by the way, good football team you have.

Donald Trump: Good football team. To Kenosha, from Madison to Milwaukee, for Janesville to right here, right here where we're all together, what a group of people. We're all freezing our asses off, but that's all right. We inherit the legacy of red-blooded American patriots who poured out their hard sweat and soul to secure our liberty and defend our freedom.

Donald Trump: We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who crossed the oceans, blazed the trails, settled the continent, tamed the wilderness, laid down the railroads, dug out the Panama Canal, raised up the great skyscrapers, won two world wars, defeated fascism, and communism. And made America the single greatest nation in the history of the world, and the best is yet to come.

Donald Trump: Proud citizens like you help -- thank you. Proud citizens like you help build this country, and together we are taking back our country. That's what we're doing, we're taking back our country from some very horrible people that have brought our country to that ledge. But, we're never going off that ledge, it's going now the other way.

Donald Trump: Nobody ever told me the swamp was so deep, nobody ever said it was so vicious. But, you know what? We're here together, we're here, there not. We're doing very well, and they are not happy but we're gonna have a tremendous win and that's gonna be the end of it. Then they're gonna say, they're gonna be exhausted, they are gonna be.

Donald Trump: This is a fight they never expected. They were taking us down a bad path. We are returning power to you, the American people. With your help, your devotion and your drive, you have a lot of drive. We are going to keep on working, we're going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning.

Donald Trump: I -- we are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God, and together with the incredible people of Wisconsin, we have made America powerful again, our military. We have made America wealthy again, our stock markets and your 401 k's. Make sure they don't come crashing down when they raise your taxes, like you've never seen before.

Donald Trump: We have made America strong again. We have made America proud again. We have made America safe again. And, we will make America great again. Thank you Wisconsin, go out and vote. Thank you. Thank you, very much.