Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-campaign-rally-west-salem-wisconsin-october-27-2020

Donald Trump: Wow. That's so great. I want to start off by saying a very big hello Wisconsin. It's great to be with you. And, I'll also say this. I have never spoken where I had so many people behind me. I have a whole stadium behind. I want to just thank everybody. This is a great turnout. They wanted a bigger space, they got a bigger space, because seven days from now we are going to win this state, and we are going to four more incredible years in the White House.

Donald Trump: Thank you. This election is a choice between a Trump super recovery or a Biden depression. That's what you're going to have with the raise of taxes, the biggest tax increase in our history. It's ridiculous. It's a choice between a Trump boom or a Biden lockdown. Let's lock it all down and, by the way, speaking of lockdowns, let's get your governor to open it up.

Donald Trump: Let's get him to open it up. It's a choice between our plan to cut your taxes or even, and I have to tell you, you know we've given you the biggest tax cut in the history of our country. You know that, biggest regulation cut in the history of our country, and sleepy Joe Biden his plan is to raise your taxes at a level that our country has never raised taxes before.

Donald Trump: Somehow that doesn't work too well. Do you agree? Crazy. I don't think so. I don't think so. I've never heard of it before, but that's okay. You can't hear of everything, right? All my life I've watched people want to cut taxes. Here's the guy he's, he's running on a basis of let's raise everybody's taxes.

Donald Trump: Next week Wisconsin's going to answer the call of history. Once again, we had a great victory here. Didn't we have a great, remember that four years ago? They said, "Donald Trump has won the State of Wisconsin." It's been a long time since a Republican did that but we're actually much higher now than we were then.

Donald Trump: We have a campaign that's actually more enthusiastic, and that one I would say that had to be number one in history four years ago. But, you know what, this is going to be the most important election in the history of our country, because you see what's happening? The radical lefts, and you're going to defeat Biden and dark money donors, and corrupt special interests.

Donald Trump: One of the most important issues in this election is law and order. We say it, law and order. Joe Biden and his party incite violence and hatred against our police officers, and we're not doing that. No, we're not doing that. Remember the debate, the first debate I said  --  Which one did you like better, the first one or the second one?

Donald Trump: He says, "Both." That's a fit, he said the man, my man is there. Yeah. Did anybody see the last one? Anybody watching? It seems to have had a very big impact. We learned a lot about him. He's uh, number one he's against oil, gas, probably likes wind, but wind is very intermittent. Let's watch the President tonight on television.

Donald Trump: I'm sorry, Darling, the wind's not blowing. Last night Philadelphia was torn up by Biden-supporting radicals. Thirty police officers, Philadelphia police officers, great people, they were injured, some badly. Biden stands with the rioters, and I stand with the heroes of law enforcement. And, you know, they can do their job very easily, just let them do their job.

Donald Trump: The Biden-Harris plan would end cash bail. You know, they don't want to have cash bail so everyone just walks around, no matter what they do, ends cash bail, freeing 400,000 dangerous criminals. It would slash police budgets all over the country. It would tie the hands of every police officer in the country, and they would appoint anti-police prosecutors in every community in America.

Donald Trump: I don't think that's for Wisconsin. We know each other well. Biden is soft and weak, and too scared to be Pres  --  He doesn't want to be President. Let's face it. You know, you got his bad body language there. There's a lot of bad body. This man knows body language better than any man I know. That's a lot of bad body language from Joe, you know.

Donald Trump: He got yesterday, you saw that? Because, we're making speeches all over Pennsylvania. He got out, and he got out of Delaware, and he said, "What's the closest point to Pennsylvania. It was just a few minutes from his basement. And he went and made a speech, and that was a mistake 'cause they had to take him off the stage because they didn't, he didn't know where the hell he was, right?

Donald Trump: That didn't work out too well. No, because he had a lid, you know, like a garbage can. You put it in the can. It's a lid. It's called a lid. But he doesn't wanna be president. One thing about this job, you gotta want it. You gotta want it. This is tough. This is tough. [Audience chants "Four more years"] And doing this, I don't usually say it, but I say it.

Donald Trump: Doing this --  (laughs). And unlike Biden who's made a fortune in politics, what a fortune. The press is not allowed to write about that, though. But Biden made a fortune. You know what? This has cost me billions of dollars, and you know, I could not be happier because we have done things that nobody else could have done in the first three-and-a-half years.

Donald Trump: There's been no administration that's done what we've done in the first three-and-a-half years with our military, with our vets, with regulations, with cutting taxes. Biden's running mate, the most liberal member in the U.S. Senate -- [Audience boos]  --  she makes Bernie Sanders look like he's a conservative.

Donald Trump: Even urged her supporters to donate to a fund to bail out rioters in Minneapolis where they had such problems until the National Guard went in and they stopped it, would you say that was about what? 22 minutes it was all over. Including an attempted cop killer, they wanted to bail him out. The policies will set cop killers free.

Donald Trump: We believe if you murder a police officer, you should get the death penalty, and I know you're a state that believes you murder a police officer. You saw a month ago the two young officers sitting in a car, and the guy comes up. No, you do that stuff and you can't get away with it. When the violent mob came to Kenosha --  You know Kenosha?

Donald Trump: Everybody know Kenosha? Biden opposed sending in the National Guard. We sent in the National Guard and we saved Kenosha. We saved Kenosha. Kenosha wouldn't be standing [Inaudible]. And I got a lot of credit. Thank you to the sheriff and so many others for their support. They've actually came out and supported me.

Donald Trump: I thank you very much. Where's the sheriff? Is he around here some place? What a hell of a [Inaudible]. Thank you very much. That's great. I appreciate, too. That's the first time you ever did it. I appreciate it. Thank you very much. Fantastic. Good man. Good man. It took generations to build the America that we know and love, but if the radical left gain power it would take them only a matter of months to burn it down, tear it down or destroy it.

Donald Trump: I'm the only one standing between you and the left wing mob. (laughs) I hate to tell you. There aren't too many of us. But we're standing and your Second Amendment and many other things, right? Biden has not only declared war on police, I mean, you know, it really is. My father taught me a long term. Don't use the word cops because the word cops, that's a little slang.

Donald Trump: Always call them police. So I never use it. You know, I see cops, but sometimes it's not bad. Sheriff, let me ask you. Cops or police, or doesn't it matter? If it's done with a heart, who cares, right? Right? If it's done with a heart. So like I said, he declared war on the cops. (laughs) And, uh, it's not working out too well.

Donald Trump: You're gonna see something. You're gonna see a giant red wave on Tuesday. You're gonna see a red wave like they've never seen before, and they saw a very big one. I'll tell you what. They gotta glimpse on four years ago, because that was --  I remember they said, "Where did these people come from? Where did they come from?" They're great Americans.

Donald Trump: They don't want anything. They just want that level playing field, and they came out and they voted. And this is gonna be bigger. This is gonna be bigger, and they know it. They know it. They know it. They don't like to report it. They see what's happening. They see what's happening Mike, don't they, huh?

Donald Trump: They get it. It's gonna be very big. And it's gonna be beautiful. And it's probably gonna start --  It doesn't have to start on Tuesday. It can start earlier, early voting. You wanna be there. You know, these ballots? You see, was I right about the ballots? It's messed up like you wouldn't believe. Now they say, "We'd like to get the ballots and maybe get them within a few days of the election, and we'll take 10 days to count them up." Oh, good.

Donald Trump: Let's let the whole world wait while you count your ballots, and you know what happens while they're counting them? They're dumping more ballots in there, okay. Where'd they --  Where did they come from? No, they have to --  We had a great ruling right here. We had a great ruling, right? Got that yesterday.

Donald Trump: Supreme Court said, "Nope. That's your date. That's -- it's called. November 3rd, that's your date," right? But sleepy Joe declared war on American workers, and Biden spent the last 47 years outsourcing your jobs --  You got hit hard --  opening your borders --  You don't have borders, you don't have a country --  and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign, ridiculous wars.

Donald Trump: Countries most of you, including even --  most of the people, they never even heard of these countries. We're bringing 'em all back home, you know that, right? They're all coming back home. Afghanistan, Iraq. Keeping some in Syria. We're -- if you don't mind we're keeping the oil, you know. They should have done that -- they should have done that with Iraq.

Donald Trump: Remember I said, "Don't go into Iraq, but if you go in at least keep the oil." We didn't keep the oil. Biden was a cheerleader for NAFTA, and China's entry into the World Trade Organization. He repeatedly tried to slash Medicare and social security. He's a, uh, shield, in a sense, for foreign countries. You -- you gotta take a look at this guy's record.

Donald Trump: Of course, right now he has no idea where he is, so that's a --   --  that's a tie -- that's an entirely different problem. That's a very big different problem, but who the hell --  Look, we have to say it like it is. Hey, we have the greatest country in the world, and we have potential like no country has --   --  and we can't play games.

Donald Trump: We can't play games. We can't, and besides that, he's not a nice guy, okay, just so you know. He was never a nice guy, so I feel better. [Audience chants "USA"] If he was a nice guy I wouldn't say it. Thank you very much. Thank you. Decade after decade, Biden twisted his knife into the back of Wisconsin workers.

Donald Trump: But workers throughout the United States, you don't have to take my word for it. For a special group of people, the people of Wisconsin, I spent a lot of money on this crazy video. Look at this. And you're gonna see it. I hope the people back here can see it. Can you see it too I hope? Oh, that's terrible. All right, you'll take my word for it. Go ahead, play. [Begin Video]

Joe Biden: [Video] My problem is, I voted for NAFTA. I'm supporting NAFTA, because I think it is a positive thing to do, and I do not pretend to be an expert on, uh, international trade matters.

Unidentified: [Video] The president is absolutely right when he says that China has been cheating for 25 years, and that Bill Clinton do, didn't do enough about it, George W. Bush didn't do enough about it, Barack Obama didn't do enough about it.

Joe Biden: [Video] -- rising China is an incredibly positive development for not only China, but the United States, and the rest of the world. A rising China is a positive, positive development. It is in our self interest that China continue to prosper. We want to see China rise. China's a great nation, and we should hope for the continued expansion.

Joe Biden: China is not our enemy. We talk about China as our competitor. We should be helping. The idea that China is gonna eat our lunch is bizarre. The idea that they are our competition, they're gonna beat us, bizarre. They're not bad folks, folks. China is not a problem.

Unidentified: [Video] Allowing China into the World Trade Organization, which you supported, extending most favored nation to China, which you supported, the, those steps allowed China to take advantage of the United States by using our own open trade deals against us.

Joe Biden: [Video] No, look --

Unidentified: [Video] Do you think in retrospect that you were naïve about China?

Joe Biden: [Video] No.

Unidentified: [Video] But doesn't he deserve some credit for that? It's better. The USMCA is better than NAFTA.

Joe Biden: [Video] It is better than NAFTA.

Unidentified: [Video] [Inaudible] Biden to respond.

Joe Biden: [Video] I have never said I oppose fracking.

Donald Trump: [Video] You said it on tape.

Joe Biden: [Video] I, I did. Show the tape. Put it on your website.

Donald Trump: [Video] I'll put it on.

Joe Biden: [Video] Put it on the website.

Unidentified: [Video] Would there be any place for fossil fuels, including coal and fracking, in a Biden administration?

Joe Biden: [Video] No. It w-w -- We would, we would work it out. We would make sure it's eliminated. I guarantee, we're gonna end fossil fuel. No more, no new fracking. I'd gradually move away from fracking.

Unidentified: [Video] And, I think it's critically important on day one, that we end any fossil fuel leases on public lands.

Unidentified: [Video] But, like, what about say, stopping fracking, and stopping pipeline infrastructure, and and --

Joe Biden: [Video] Yes. New pipelines, exactly.

Unidentified: [Video] There's no question, I'm in favor of banning fracking.

Unidentified: [Video] I have one final question. It falls --

Donald Trump: [Video] Would he close down the oil industry? [Crosstalk]

Unidentified: [Video] It falls --

Donald Trump: [Video] Would you close down the industry?

Unidentified: [Video] It falls --

Joe Biden: [Video] By the way, I would transition from the oil industry, yes. I would transition.

Donald Trump: [Video] Oh, that's a big statement.

Joe Biden: [Video] That is a big statement.

Donald Trump: [Video] In terms of business, that's the biggest statement.

Unidentified: [Video] Okay. We have one final question.

Donald Trump: [Video] Because basically what he's saying is he is going to destroy --

Unidentified: [Video] Mr. President.

Donald Trump: [Video] The oil industry. Will you remember that Texas?

Unidentified: [Video] Okay.

Donald Trump: [Video] Will you remember that, Pennsylvania, Oklahoma?

Unidentified: [Video] Okay. Vice Pres --

Unidentified: [Video] Let me ask you a question, Joe.

Joe Biden: [Video] Yeah.

Bernie Sanders: [Video] You're right here with me.

Joe Biden: [Video] Yeah.

Bernie Sanders: [Video] Have you been on, the floor of the Senate, you were in the Senate for a few years --

Joe Biden: [Video] Yep.

Bernie Sanders: [Video] -- time and time again, talking about the necessity, with pride, about cutting Social Security, cutting Medicare, cutting veteran's programs.

Joe Biden: [Video] No.

Bernie Sanders: [Video] You never said that?

Joe Biden: [Video] No. When I argued if we should freeze federal spending, I s -- meant Social Security as well. I meant Medicare and Medicaid. I meant veteran's bene-, I meant every single solitary thing in the government. Look here's the deal --

Bernie Sanders: [Video] You're an honest guys, why don't you just the truth here? We all make mistakes.

Joe Biden: [Video] I, I am telling the truth. And I not only tried it once, I tried it twice, I tried it a third time, and I tried it a fourth time.

Bernie Sanders: [Video] Joe, let me repeat it again. I want you just to be straight with the American people. I am saying that you have been on the floor of the Senate, time and time again, talking about the need to cut Social Security, Medicare, and veterans programs. Is that true or is that not true?

Joe Biden: [Video] No, it's not true. What is --

Bernie Sanders: [Video] That is not true?

Joe Biden: [Video] That is not true. I meant veterans benefits, I meant every single, solitary thing in the government. Everything was on the table. I did not support any of those cuts in Social Security, or in veteran's benefits --

Bernie Sanders: [Video] Whoa, whoa, whoa, you, you everything was on the table? All right. You're right, you just said it. Including, in your judgment, cuts to Social Security and veterans.

Joe Biden: [Video] In order to get the kinds of changes we need on other things related --

Bernie Sanders: [Video] Okay. Joe then you just --

Joe Biden: [Video] But I didn't, but we did not cut it. I did not vote for it.

Bernie Sanders: [Video] I know because people like me helped stop that. All that I would say to the American people, go to YouTube. It's all over the place. Joe said it many, many times and I'm surprised, you know, you can defend that, or change your mind on it, but you can't deny the reality.

Unidentified: [Video] Now to be fair, maybe Biden's not telling us because he's forgotten his own plans. Watch Biden's staff quickly swoop in to shuffle him along during a quick-y escape the basement trip to Pennsylvania.

Joe Biden: [Video] Here, here's the deal, one of the things that, that is important, is that, um -- Keep in mind, although they're gonna vote on, uh, uh, Barrett, I think today, I think.

Unidentified: [Video] That was terrifying.

Joe Biden: [Video] What kind of country we're gonna be. Four more years of George, uh, George, uh, he, uh, gonna find ourselves in a position where if, uh, Trump gets elected, uh, we're gonna be, uh, we're gonna be in a different world.

Donald Trump: [End Video] That was yesterday. That was all yesterday. So that took place yesterday. Every day, we could put up another treat. The whole thing is ridiculous. The whole thing. You know, until the plague came in from China, I didn't even have a race, and then it came in and we did a great job. We saved millions of lives, two million lives, 2.2 million, it was supposed to be, and this guy, you know, he -- don't ban it.

Donald Trump: You're xenophobic, right, don't ban China. Don't ban China, don't ban -- this is in January, very early on, very, very early. Everybody said don't ban. I'm not blaming anybody, but they all said don't ban. I'm not blaming anybody, but I said: it's a heavily infected country. It's starting from there. I banned China.

Donald Trump: Then I banned Europe, with all of the problems they were having with Spain and Italy and France and everybody, and I banned -- I banned Europe, and two and a half months later, he was saying, don't ban, and then he runs for president. He lucks out because Pocahontas decided to stay in, so she took a lot of votes away from Bernie, not too many.

Donald Trump: She didn't do too well, but she took enough away that he ends up winning on Super Tuesday, right? And all of a sudden, I got this guy running and he starts complaining that I should have move faster, but he was two and a half months behind, and I said that's going to be hard to explain, but I have to explain it to people.

Donald Trump: One thing nice is when you put this thing up here, saves you a lot of words, right? It saves you a lot of words, and then the other thing, remember, for a year: we will not frack. Now, it affects you because of your energy costs, and all of the things that affects everybody. We're right now energy independent.

Donald Trump: It's a great thing. First time. But it really affects -- can you imagine Texas, Pennsylvania, the different places, Ohio so many places. So many places. North Dakota? Can you imagine -- take Texas, I mean he's against oil, he's against guns and he's against religion, right? Other than that, he's wonderful, he's just perfect -- and then they say it's a very close race in Texas.

Donald Trump: I don't think so. You're against -- you're against oil, guns, and God -- you don't have a close race in Texas. I don't think so. But they said it, the same thing four years ago. That Texas is too close to call. It's going to be a very, very tough race for Donald Trump -- then it was Donald, right? Now they call me President, out of respect, I'm sure, for the office.

Donald Trump: It will be a very, very, very tough race. I mean the polls have closed in Texas. Donald Trump has won, the state of Texas. It was like all in one thing. They don't do that unless you have a landslide, so we had like, and now they do the same thing again. Well, this time at least they say I have a little lead.

Donald Trump: How can you have a little lead when I'm the oil person that we needed to fire up your factories and just -- we can't -- they don't even know how to do it. They have like AOC plus three. They say: OK, we'll get rid of all fossil fuels. We have a problem in Wisconsin, we're doing very well. We have a lot of factories, we have a lot of plants.

Donald Trump: How are we going to fire them up? She has no clue. She has no clue, I don't even think she studied it -- maybe in high school she studied it, but probably not in college. Did she go to college? Tell me, did she, because I don't know? I don't know her background, but it is not heavy into the environment. All of a sudden she comes up with The Green New Deal, and these people [Inaudible], because they have to, because the radical left wants it.

Donald Trump: The Green New Deal will cost 100 trillion dollars. [Audience boos] If we have 100 perfect years, the greatest years in the history of our country, we can't make it with 100 trillion spend on the Green New Deal. In 2016, Wisconsin voted to fire this corrupt political establishment, and you elected an outside as president who is finally putting America first.

Donald Trump: And if don't sound like a typical Washington politician, it's because I am not a politician. It's one of the reasons I was elected. If I was a politician, I probably wouldn't have been elected, right? If I don't always play by the rules of Washington and the Washington establishment, it's because I was elected to fight for you, and I'm fighting for you harder than any president has ever fought for you.

Donald Trump: Together, we will continue to fight for American workers, support out police, defend our second amendment, which is under siege, but don't worry about it. Don't worry about it, it's fine, but it is under siege, secure our borders, and, you know, the wall is up to over 400 miles right now. We have a -- Very secure border.

Donald Trump: Over four, we're going to have it finished very soon. They don't talk about it anymore. You know, they used to go "He will never get it built," because that was like, you couldn't, the democrat party was so against it, they said it was obsolete, use drones so we can watch everybody pour into the border, right? "Let's send a drone up there." Great.

Donald Trump: Walls and wheels, right? Walls and wheels never get obsolete. Those are about the only two things I know of that don't get obsolete. Everything else is obsolete about 15 minutes after you figure it out, and ensure more products are proudly stamped with that wonderful, beautiful phrase, "Made in the USA," right?

Donald Trump: We will deliver record prosperity, epic job growth, and a safe vaccine that eradicates the virus and quickly ends this pandemic. And, you know, with the fake news, everything is COVID. "COVID, COVID, COVID." I had it. Here I am, right? I had it, the first lady had it, Barron had it, but Barron had it for about 12 seconds.

Donald Trump: Young, young, an immune system, young. No, it's, uh, COVID. You turn on the news "COVID, COVID." You know when they're going to stop talking about it so much? November 4th. No, it's a whole crazy thing. I mean, it's too complicated to explain. These people are very corrupt, very dishonest, but they've got a lot of problems.

Donald Trump: On November 4th you'll hear we're doing extremely well, and you'll see, you'll see. You know, they used to always say that Europe, "Look at Europe, look at Europe." Well, first of all, they count their cases totally differently, but look at Europe. Uh, well, they have a big spike, and you know what, it's going to go down, and we had a spike in Miami, we had a spike in Texas, Arizona, it's all way down to very low numbers, but I'll tell you, all they want to talk about is COVID, but the goods news, on the fourth they'll stop talking.

Donald Trump: You watch, they'll stop talking. You get out that red wave, just get out, we have to win this election. This is the most important election we've ever had. We can't let this radical left socialist group take over. And I've been saying it now for a long time, because I see it, there's this inclination by a group of people.

Donald Trump: Our country will never be a socialist nation. We will never become a socialist nation. Normal life will fully resume. That's all we want, is normal life, seven months ago, righT? We had the greatest economy in the history of our country, everybody was doing well, best numbers we've ever had, and next year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: You see what's happening, you see how it's being built up, and by the way, I'd love to do stimulus, but crazy Nancy does not want to do it. She wants to get bailout money from her democrat run states that are high crime and doing badly. [Audience boos] And I spoke for Wisconsin when I said "No thank you, Nancy.

Donald Trump: Have a good time." We'll get big stimulus right after the election's over, hopefully we can take back the House too. Be nice. Get rid of her. Get rid of [Inaudible]. We'll get Kevin in there. Kevin would be good. You know who Kevin is? Kevin McCarthy. If Biden and the Democrat Socialists are elected, they will bury your regul -- -- You know what's going on, right, with your regulations?

Donald Trump: I've got your regulations down to a level, but we can go further. We have statutory requirements. We're going further. They'll bury your, really your family and yourself in regulations, terminate religious liberty, dissolve our borders, indoctrinate our children with that really bad stuff that they want to teach in schools, which we've largely ended, but it could be started again, and destroy the suburbs beyond repair.

Donald Trump: Suburban women, you're gonna love me. You're gonna love me. Did you see 60 Minutes the other night? I always joke, I say suburban women, I'm getting rid of that regu -- -- You know there's a regulation that essentially destroyed the suburbs, (laughs) okay. It would've. You know who was in charge of it, who would've been?

Donald Trump: Cory Booker. Good luck, Cory. [Audience boos] He's another beauty. He's another. We deal with some real beauties. But we had a regulation where they could build low-income housing and projects in, in a neighborhood near you, you know. (laughs) Right in a neighborhood near you, in the suburbs, right. So the fake news was saying, "We think that Donald Trump is having problems with suburban women." I said, "Why?" Because I'm gonna stop crime from going to the suburbs?

Donald Trump: Because, you know, Antifa and the anarchists, they view the suburbs as next. That's what they would like, right? [Audience boos] So the suburban woman wants law and order. They want safety. And they don't want a regulation that's gonna destroy the suburbs. And then I listened to these people talk about how -- So four years ago they talked about the same thing.

Donald Trump: They said, "Women will not be voting for Donald Trump." And then after about four hours and they declared total victory for Trump, you know, they said, "He cannot get to 270. He cannot." This was in the afternoon. "He can -- " And for about six months before that, by the way. Didn't just start in there. "Donald Trump cannot get -- " You need 270, right? "Cannot get to 270. He cannot get -- " And they were right.

Donald Trump: We got 306. (laughs) Well, we picked up a place called Wisconsin. That helped a little. That wasn't, that wasn't high on the list of victories. Now it is, but we just -- No, it just came out. We're leading by, like, three points. That's good. They won't report. They won't report that. They'll look at 30 polls.

Donald Trump: They'll look at 30 polls. Some of them are totally fake. Some of them are sickos, right? They look at polls where they interview 38% Democrats, 21% Republicans. I said, "That doesn't sound like too fair to me." And they'll say, "Trump is down by five." Well if I'm down by five when they're doing 38 to 21, that means I'm winning in a landslide.

Donald Trump: What kind of polls are these? No, seriously, what kind of polls are these? These people are crazy. Joe Biden will delay the vaccine, postpone therapies, prolong the pandemic, shutter your schools, open your schools, please, bankrupt your small businesses and shut down our country. He will destroy our country.

Donald Trump: And by the way, the cure cannot be worse than the problem itself. I said that a long time ago. Except when I originally said it, I had no -- You know, I felt it. I felt it was bad. I just felt it was an instinct. It can't be worse than the problem itself. So the shutdown, with alcoholism, with drugs, with abuse, with suicides, with all the things that happen, it's worse.

Donald Trump: You can't do this. You gotta get your governors to open up. There's are-, there aren't many of them. There aren't many of them now. But you gotta -- Now one of the reasons, this is another one on, on, we'll go to the 4th, right, November 4th, he'll be announcing, "We're opening our state." One of them stupidly, like, three weeks ago, "Yeah, we think we're gonna open probably around November 4th." How about that genius, okay?

Donald Trump: No, they'll, you'll all be open around a couple of days after the election. Biden even wants to lock down young and healthy Americans, yet for those under age 50, the recovery rate is 99.98%. Think of that. 99.98. And for schoolkids it's lower than -- No, it's better than that. Biden's cruel and senseless lockdowns would cause countless deaths from suicide and from all of the problems we have.

Donald Trump: And we would have problems, and economic. People lose their jobs. They lose their jobs. Their small businesses go out or they work for small businesses or big businesses that go out. You gotta open up our states. We gotta tell your governor. We gotta open up our states. Does anybody like your governor? Do you like him?

Donald Trump: Okay, let's have it. Who likes the governor? [Audience boos] Is he gonna win reelection? (laughs) Who does not like the governor? All right. It's i -- interesting. Lots of luck, Governor. They're gonna open up. Now a lot of governors that did this, you know, Michigan, she, the only one that was allowed to go around and roam was her husband, right?

Donald Trump: He was allowed to go fishing and sailing. Nobody else was. They had to stay locked up in their house. But we won a Supreme Court case against them. They found it unconstitutional that she locked down the state of Michigan. I just left Michigan. I gave a speech in 32-degree weather in the rain. And they're great people, they're strong people, so I said, "You know what I'll do?

Donald Trump: I won't put on a hat. Okay? And I'll just stand there in the rain and I'll freeze and I'll make a speech." But I'll tell you, there was such love. It was incredible. We're winning, we're winning Michigan too. No, no, we're winning Michigan. I had a nice hat. I was gonna put it on. And they were waiting for four or five hours.

Donald Trump: I mean, I said, "I feel so guilty." I mean, I was on time, but they get there very early. Like probably some of you, you got here very early, right? Got here early? All these front rowers I know got here. I know the front rowers get here very early. We have it where they get three, four days in advance. They, they -- Were you here three or four days? (laughs) Oh.

Donald Trump: I know I -- Will you vote -- You promise you voted for Trump, right, now? (laughs) She's great. No, we have great people. We've never had -- And four years ago we had the most enthusiastic campaign anyone's ever seen, probably there ever was. This, this campaign, and I never thought I'd say it, has more enthusiasm, more support, than we did four years ago.

Donald Trump: Because, you know, four years ago I was a business guy. I was successful. I was very successful. I came and I said I was gonna do -- [Audience chants "Four more years"] Go ahead. Go ahead. Get it out of your system! So four years ago I came and I saw trade. Probably trade was the bi -- -- You know, it just drove me crazy, losing all our factories, closing all our factories.

Donald Trump: They're moving to Mexico. They're making it in China. They're doing all these things. A lot of people, lot of places moved up to Canada. You know, Canada was very tough with us. But a lot of -- And I saw this. That's probably the main reason I ran. But I saw it all happening. It was so easy to see. I saw it all happening.

Donald Trump: And that's probably the main reason I ran. But four years ago I was just saying, "I'm gonna cut your taxes. I'm gonna cut regulations. I'm gonna rebuild your milit -- -- I'm gonna do all the things I di-, said." And actually I did more, because like Space Force, we opened up Space Force. I never said I was gonna do that.

Donald Trump: I learned that after watching Russia and China and everything else. I learned that after I was here, but I never t -- -- One of these people right back there said, "He may be the only politician that actually did more than he promised during the campaign." I believe that's true. So we have, so we have actually more enthusiasm, because I did everything.

Donald Trump: I mean, I said the wall. The wall was a b -- -- I mean, the wall was just a very expensive -- The border patrol wanted it a certain way, very expensive, very -- I mean, they're right. They wanted vision. They wanted steel. They wanted rebar. They wanted concrete inside. And they said, "You know what, I'll do it.

Donald Trump: I want to do it the way you want it. I don't want to give you any excuses for doing a bad job on the border." "Gee, if you only would've built the wall right." But all of the things that I said, I did. Everything I said, I did. And that gives this campaign more energy than a guy that was successful that said, "Hey, I'm going to do a lot of things," because you've been hearing that for years from politicians.

Donald Trump: And they don't do it. They don't get the job. As I said about Biden the other night at the debate, "Joe, you're all talk and no action," and it's true. And I'd look at him, I'd say, "Joe, why didn't you do it?" You know, he'd say, "Well we should've done this. We should've done that." I say, "Joe, you've been there for 47 years, and you left three and a half years ago.

Donald Trump: It's not like you left 30 years ago. You left three and a half years ago. And I only ran because of you, Joe. Because if you and Obama did a good job, I wouldn't have run. I mean, there would've been no reason. And if I did, I probably wouldn't have been able to win. So I only ran -- " It was quite, it was quite insulting to him, but that's the way it is.

Donald Trump: Biden had no plan, no idea. He didn't have a clue. He just wants to lock up this country. I mean, he really does. He's gonna lock it up. If one guy walks up and says, "Sir, I think we should close up our country," "Okay, that sounds good to me," while letter rioters and looters run wild, or as Joe calls them, peaceful protesters.

Donald Trump: I call you protesters. Because you know why? Because there's a legal definition. You can't have a political rally. They did that to keep me out, right? So I said, "Oh, I see. You're protesters. The only thing you can do is protest," because they wanted to protect anarchists, rioters, people that were burning down your stores, so you have the absolute right to protest.

Donald Trump: So I call this a friendly protest, okay, officially, not a rally. This is not a rally. It's a friendly protest. Okay. Now we've gotten over the legal hurdle, haven't we? These people don't believe in science. They believe in whatever gives them power and whatever gives them control. The Biden plan will crush you and crush your family.

Donald Trump: We will crush the virus and make our success make this country more successful than it's ever been. We have that kind of potential. We have the foundation set. You see what's happening. You see the kind of numbers we're doing. We're going to make our country more successful, quickly, than it's ever been.

Donald Trump: When the China plague arrived, we moved Heaven and Earth to fight the disease. We airlifted medical supplies, pioneered groundbreaking therapies, reduced the fatality rate 85%. Think of the 85. And now it's actually higher than that. Well here I am. I mean, I'm here, right? I said, "Give me that stuff! Whatever the hell it is, doctor, I want it!"

Donald Trump: The next day I woke up and I felt like Superman, right? I said, "Get me the hell out of here. I have to go to Wisconsin tonight." And saved over two million lives. Our excess mortality rate has been 42% less than Europe's. Think of that, 42%. And I'm working to -- And we're working with Europe very closely.

Donald Trump: Look, they have a problem. We all -- It should've never been allowed to leave China. Ever. It should've never been allowed. It didn't go, once it got Wuhan, Wuhan Province, it never got out, but it came to the USA and Europe and the rest of the world. I'm working to make the breakthrough treatment I received.

Donald Trump: So what we're doing is we're going to make -- The Regeneron and Eli Lilly, a great company, has a similar antibody drug, antibody drug, and we're going to make that available to people that need it free. All I know is I didn't feel great, and after I took that I woke up the next morning and I wanted -- I tell you, I felt like I could take on the world.

Donald Trump: I said, "Let me at it." And here we are, standing here freezing. Thanks to our relentless efforts, 97% of all current emergency room visits are for something other than the virus. You don't hear these numbers from the fake news. Think of that, 97%. And we're on track to deliver 100 million doses of safe vaccine.

Donald Trump: And I say, we're turning the corner. We're turning the corner. We're rounding, like this race track. Look at this, it's perfect. We're rounding the curve. We will vanquish the virus. And by the way, we're gonna have the vaccine. Johnson and Johnson, Pfizer, Moderna, great companies, and others too. We have the vaccine.

Donald Trump: We're gonna have it very soon. Like very soon. We're gonna deliver it. But without it, also, we're rounding the curve. We're rounding the corner. It's happening. We're gonna emerge stronger than ever before. Biden's made a corrupt bargain, and the Democrats. In exchange for his party's nomination, he has handed control of his party over to a rage fill, Socialists and Marxists and left-wing extremists.

Donald Trump: You see it. You see it in Portland. How about Portland? We could solve the problem in I'd say a half an hour. Anarchists, they, they, you know what happens to them, right? They go back home to mom and dad and they also stay in the basement. That's what they have in common with Joe. Well no, Joe, in that one clip, you know -- That was yesterday that took place.

Donald Trump: That was what happened. He was in the basement. He heard that we were doing really well in Pennsylvania, which we are. We're at least two or three points up. It doesn't sound like much. You know what happens with us? They'll say, "He's three points up," and then you win by, like, 10. Got a lot of hidden votes out there.

Donald Trump: I don't know if I'm supposed to be complimented by that or not, but they're hidden votes. They don't want to talk. See, they are -- They, they don't want -- They are all action, right? They call that all action. If Biden wins, the flag-burning radicals on the streets will be running for, you know that, they'll be running your government.

Donald Trump: They'll be running your government. This election day, you must stop the anti-American radicals by delivering Joe Biden and those far-left Democrats. Well, Democrats, a thundering defeat. This has to be a big defeat so we can end it, just end it. And Joe Biden, as you see, is a corrupt politician. He wants to send your jobs to China while his family rakes in millions from the Chinese Communist Party, millions, and he gets money from Ukraine.

Donald Trump: He gets money from Russia. How about Ukraine? His son sits on a board, no energy experience, no nothing, didn't have a job. Father becomes vice president, he becomes in charge of Ukraine. Son goes on the board of Burisma. Goes on the board of Burisma, 183,000 a month. Would you say that's good? Would you say that's good?

Donald Trump: If Biden wins, China wins. China will own the U.S.A. if this happens -- [Audience boos] -- and they don't want me to win. They don't want me. [Audience boos] We charge them tens of billions of dollars worth of tariffs. We never took 10 cents from China -- [Audience member calls out "Where's Hunter?"] And now we gave out -- Where's Hunter?

Donald Trump: He's going -- Where's Hunter? Where is Hunter? By the way, come to think of it about the laptop from hell? Let's call it the laptop from hell, and then you see Shifty Schiff. "It was Russia that created the laptop." Ah, "It was Russia!" Shifty Schiff, he says it with a straight face. Watermelon-shape head, like a watermelon. "It was Russia!"

Donald Trump: I said, "Oh, no, here we go again." When we win, you win, Wisconsin wins, and America wins. That's what's going to happen. We're joined today by members of Wisconsin manufacturers and commerce. They really helped us with this location, and you know, we were gonna be out at the airport but the governor made it very difficult, so I said, "That's all right.

Donald Trump: Get a location, friendly people." And your state's, they really are -- Your state's chamber of commerce, and I wanna thank them very much. Where are you folks? Where are you guys? What a group of people. Where? Where the hell are you? I met you at the airport, but there they are. Good job you did. Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: I appreciate it. Good job. I said, "How are we doing?" They said, "Sir, you're gonna win easy." That's pretty good. They know the -- They slightly know the area. I'm thrilled to receive their first ever presidential endorsement. They've been around a long time and they gave us a -- We've got a lot of endorsements.

Donald Trump: Got a lot of newspaper endorsements today, too. A lot of them all over the country, and every, virtually every law enforcement group has given us the endorsement. Even New York's finest. They've never endorsed a presidential candidate, and they wanna be giving back. We've gotta respect our law enforcement.

Donald Trump: We've gotta let them do what they have to do. Also with us is candidate for Congress Derrick Van Orden, who's terrific. Where's Derrick? Derrick, good luck. I hear good things, Derrick. I hear good things. Derrick Van Orden, please vote for him. When -- His competition is not good, not good, and also state GOP Chairman Andrew Hitt.

Donald Trump: Andrew, thank you. Are we winning, Andrew, please? If we don't win, we're gonna fire you so fast. Ah, I hear good. Yeah, just get out that vote. Get out the vote. Together, we built the greatest economy in history, and now we're doing it again. Make America Great Again, Again, right? Again, again. See all those hats?

Donald Trump: Those hats are obsolete. It's Make America Great Again, Again. We increased middle-class family income over $6,000 more than five times the gains made under the last administration. Think of that. In a short period of time, African American, Hispanic American, Asian American unemployment reached their lowest levels ever recorded.

Donald Trump: Since April, we created a record 11.4 million jobs. I ended the NAFTA nightmare and proudly signed the brand-new USMCA into law. That's gonna be a big deal, just -- just kicked in. Wisconsin dairy farms were decimated under the Obama and Biden nightmare. They were decimated, and now, uh, you are doing very well, and you know, um, Canada took advantage of you very much.

Donald Trump: You know that, right? Not anymore. Under the USMCA, our dairy exports to Canada are expected to surge by at least 100%. And we got rid of the tariffs. You know the tariffs? You know, they used to charge you, you didn't know this. You -- you like the song, "Oh, Canada," right? Yeah. Hockey game, nice song, "Oh, Canada." Their national anthem, right?

Donald Trump: By the way, they stand for our national anthem. Our people have to stand for our National Anthem. They have to stand. But Canada treated us badly. 287% tariff. Can you believe that? They give it. I learned about that. I said it's time to get out of that crazy NAFTA. NAFTA was a terrible thing. When GM went bankrupt, Biden and Obama threw the workers of Delphi Corporation to the wolves.

Donald Trump: Their pensions were wiped out. I signed an order to restore the pensions of Delphi and others, and healthcare benefits promised the workers. And these are workers in Michigan, Ohio and Wisconsin that got really promised a lot of things, and it never happened. We took care of it. I will never let anyone rip off our great American worker. [Inaudible]. They were treated very badly with a lot of promises from Biden and Obama.

Donald Trump: Under my -- By the way, did you see this, did you see the people they get for the crowds? Obama was up. He, he drew flies today. Flies. Well, they drew nobody. They had car -- You know, the cars are honking, right? Honk, honk, honk. Let's go home. I never saw anything like this. They have cars. They have like 12 cars.

Donald Trump: Now they have circles 'cause they had to have bigger circles for cars together. I never saw anything like it. Obama has no crowd. I thought he had like a crowd, right? He doesn't have anything. The only one who has smaller crowds is Sleepy Joe Biden. He's got nobody. And the press doesn't like covering our crowds.

Donald Trump: We have the opposite. We have so many people. They don't like it. But they never show -- They never show that nobody -- Joe was speaking yesterday. There was nobody there before they carried him off the stage. Think of it. He got nervous speaking to nobody. But that wasn't nervous. That was another problem.

Donald Trump: Under my leadership we achieved the most secure border in U.S. history. My opponent's insane immigration plan completely eliminates U.S. borders by implementing nationwide catch and release. He would make every -- You know what that is? You catch a criminal, a murderer, a rapist. You catch them and you have to release them into the United States.

Donald Trump: Then within two or three years, they're supposed to come back for a trial. [Audience boos] We had an argument during the debate. I said, "Sleepy Joe. They don't come back." "Yes, they do! They proudly come back." No, no. Joe, they're murderers. They don't come back, Joe. I turned out to be right, but you know.

Donald Trump: He would make every community into a sanctuary city for violent criminals. We invested $2.5 trillion in the U.S. military. You know that, right? You were a big beneficiary, this state. A lot of business in this state including nearly $6 billion to save the history shipyard, Marinette Marine. You know that, right?

Donald Trump: And they're great. I was there four or five months ago. I was watching. They build beautiful, beautiful -- It looks like a yacht with lots of weapons on it. The only difference is you got rockets all over the damn thing. But it is beautiful. We killed the leader of ISIS, al-Baghdadi. We took out the worlds number one terrorist.

Donald Trump: Soleimani is dead. We took out 100% of the ISIS caliphate also. When I took over, when I took over it was a mess. I withdrew from the last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear deal, $150 billion, 1.8 billion in cash. You know what we got? Nothing. I recognized the true capital of Israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem.

Donald Trump: And instead of never ending wars, we are forging peace in the Middle East. We're doing it. It's like, it's like working out really well. Three countries already, and many are lined up. They're all wanting to get in. A vote for Republicans is a vote for the American Dream. We are the party of Abraham Lincoln.

Donald Trump: It's a vote for the America Dream. And in conclusion, over the next four years we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world, and we will end our reliance on China once and for all. It's already happening. We will make our medical supplies right here in the United States, right here in Wisconsin.

Donald Trump: We will hire more police, increase penalties for assaults on law enforcement, and we will ban deadly sanctuary cities. You don't want the sanctuary cities. We will defend the right to life, religious liberty, free speech, and the right to keep and bear arms. It's very important. Supreme Court, you gotta do that.

Donald Trump: You gotta remember. A lot of people think that's why I got elected because of the Supreme Court. And we've got already three great justices, and Amy yesterday. and by the end of the first term, we'll have close to three, maybe more, but approximately 300 Federal Judges, including Court of Appeals Judges.

Donald Trump: A record. It's a record. We will maintain America's unrivaled military might, and we will ensure peace through strength, so the two and a half trillion dollars -- the greatest rockets and missiles -- hydrosonic. The greatest in the world. They go seven times faster than what we have today. We have tanks.

Donald Trump: We have planes. We have bombers. We have submarines. We've rebuilt our military. We have the greatest, we have the greatest equipment, the greatest military force in the world. Russia, China, everybody, they are envious. Nobody thought we could do this, and we've done it, all -- because a lot of it's made right here -- but all made in the USA.

Donald Trump: All made in the USA. Our nuclear is now in tippy-top shape, and just hope, just hope that we never have to use it, that's all. We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency -- already signed, January 1st, it goes into effect. Lower drug prices, even for the favored nations. Nobody can believe I did it.

Donald Trump: You're going to get the lowest prices in the world, and we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions. America will land the first woman in the moon, and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars, and NASA right now is the talk of the world as a space center. Again, it was closed and a mess when I took office.

Donald Trump: We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students, and restore patriotic education to our schools. We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag and we will live by the timeless words of our national motto, In God we Trust, right? For years, you had President who apologized for America.

Donald Trump: Now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for the great people of Wisconsin. That's what we're doing. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get your co-workers, even grab your boss if you have to, "Come on boss, you've got to go out and get out and vote." You've got to get out and vote.

Donald Trump: Got to get out -- this is a thing -- you've got to, just remember, the great red wave. It's now just starting to form, and it's, they know it's coming. They know it's coming. We didn't come this far and fight this hard to surrender our country back to the corrupt Washington swamp. On November 3rd, we must finish the job, drain the swamp, go out and vote -- can be before November 3rd -- go out and vote.

Donald Trump: From Green Bay to La Crosse. From Madison to Milwaukee, and from Janesville to right here in West Salem we inherit the legacy of red blooded American patriots, who poured out their hearts, sweat, and soul to secure our liberty, and defend our freedom. We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who crossed the oceans, settled a continent, tamed the wilderness, laid down the railroads, raised up the great skyscrapers, won two World Wars, defeated fascism and communism, and made America the single greatest nation in the history of the world, and the best is yet to come.

Donald Trump: Proud citizens like you helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people. With your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working. We are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning.

Donald Trump: We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God, and together with the incredible people of Wisconsin, we have made America powerful again we have made America wealthy again we have made America strong again. We have made America proud again. We have made America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you, Wisconsin. Thank you very much. Get out and vote. Thank you very much.