Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-campaign-rally-erie-pennsylvania-october-20-2020

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Hello, Erie. Remember that great victory we had? A lot of victory, 14 days from now, we're going to win the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and we are going to win four more years in the White House. With your vote, we will continue to cut your taxes, cut regulations, support our great police, protect our Second Amendment, defend our borders, keep jobs, and wealth in America where it belongs.

Donald Trump: Thank you. We will deliver record prosperity, epic growth, and you know that -- have you seen what's been going on? How well we're doing? Did you see the recent poll? It just came, 56% of the people want to be here, not four years ago. They want to be with us in what we're calling we're rounding the turn on the pandemic, 56% and it's a record, epic job growth, safe vaccines that quickly end the pandemic, it's ending.

Donald Trump: Normal life, that's all we want. Do you know what we want? Normal life. Normal life will finally resume and next year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our country. This is an election between the Trump super recovery, which is happening right now, and a Biden depression. If he gets elected, you will have a depression, the likes of which you've never seen. [Audience Boos] You know he's going to double, triple, and now quadruple your taxes.

Donald Trump: I don't think so. [Audience Boos] I think I know the people of Erie pretty well. They don't like that. It's a choice between our plan to kill the virus or Biden's plan to kill the American dream, and that's what he'd be doing. Biden will delay therapies, postpone the vaccine, prolong the pandemic, close your schools, shut down our country, and by the way, Pennsylvania's been shut down long enough.

Donald Trump: Get your Governor to open up Pennsylvania. Get your Governor to open it up. He will massively raise your taxes, bury you in regulations, dismantle your police departments, dissolve our borders, confiscate your guns; Second Amendment, oh, you're so lucky, I'm President, you wouldn't have a Second Amendment -- eliminate private healthcare, terminate religious liberty, destroy the suburbs -- I'm saving the suburbs.

Donald Trump: I knocked out the regulation. No, you don't like projects being next to your beautiful house, your American dream. So much for the American dream. And Joe Biden will ban fracking and abolish Pennsylvania in it. [Audience Boos] How many times did he say your fracking and mining industries will be outlawed, exiled, eradicated, and totally extinguished.

Donald Trump: And you know it because it's not up to sleepy Joe, he's gonzo. It's up to the others and the party. Joe Biden has repeatedly pledged to ban fracking, right? You've all heard it. Have you heard it? Until he got the nomination, then he came to Pennsylvania, he said, oh, I guess it's OK. It's always what they say first.

Donald Trump: His running mate, the most liberal member of the U.S. Senate sponsors the $100 trillion -- [Audience Boos] Think that, $100 trillion, if we had a great year for a hundred years, we couldn't make $100 trillion. The $100 trillion socialist Green New Deal, which would eliminate fossil fuels. At this very moment, Biden's website includes a pledge to mandate net-zero carbon emissions, which means he would end all fracking, it's what he said, he said it.

Donald Trump: For a year and a half, he said it. Under the Obama-Biden administration, more than 40% of all coal mining jobs will be destroyed, totally gone. And you know what's happened, I mean, did you see what they did to West Virginia and other places, including Pennsylvania when they were here? Don't forget, they've been here for eight years before me.

Donald Trump: If they did a good job, I would have never run. I didn't need this. I didn't need this, although we're having a good time and we're doing a good job. No, but it's true. If they did a good job, I wouldn't have run. [Audience chants "We love you"] Thank you. Thank you. There's a lot of people. There's a lot of people.

Donald Trump: I always want the cameras to show. They never liked to show. They don't like to talk about it. You can hear how big these crowds are. And by the way, you know, in all fairness to Erie, all over the country, it makes you feel good, all over the country. The biggest crowds anyone's ever had, bigger than what we had four years ago, bigger.

Donald Trump: Oh, and you have to watch -- you have to watch what we do to 60 minutes. You'll get such a kick out of it. You're going to get a kick out of it. Lesley Stahl is that going to be happy. The Democrat party hates fracking, they hate coal, good, beautiful, clean coal. They hate American energy and Joe Biden will shut it all down.

Donald Trump: He's going to -- tonight I want to do something. I want to give you -- this is the original Donald Trump Broadway play and I had it done specifically. First time, I've ever pulled it out. I had it done specifically for the people of Erie because you guys, like energy. You like being energy independent. Do you like that, energy, stuff?

Donald Trump: We don't need all these faraway lands and everything else, we are now energy independent and we're going to keep it that way. Take a look at this clip, we had it made up and I think you'll like -- first time I've ever done this, right, first time. Go ahead, wherever it is, put it up. [Video playing] [Audience Boos] And what we don't show is his more current version.

Donald Trump: Oh, yes, we'll have fracking and the fake news, they don't even do anything about it. They don't even talk to him about it. But right now, he's got bigger problems than fracking, I think. Do you know what it's called? Do you know what it's called? It's called the laptop from hell, the laptop from hell. To all the people of Pennsylvania, hear this warning, if Biden was elected, he will wipe out your energy industry.

Donald Trump: You have 1 million jobs. Just like he wiped out your steel industry and I brought it back. I brought it back. Only by voting for me can you save your fracking in Pennsylvania. We are going to have a great time because you are going to reject the radical left. The United States -- and I say it and I'll say it a thousand times, the United States will never be a Socialist nation. [Audience chants "USA"] [Audience calls out "We love you, President Trump"] Thank you but here we are in Erie.

Donald Trump: People as far as the eye can see. Look at that, I mean, no, it's incredible. It's a great honor, it's a great honor for all of us. We're all in this together, we're all in it. As long as I'm President, we will remain the No. 1 producer of energy anywhere in the world. You know, we're now No. 1 in the world with Pennsylvania.

Donald Trump: You, Texas, we have some great. How about -- North Dakota does a great job. North Dakota, Oklahoma, so many different -- Ohio does a phenomenal job, phenomenal, a couple of Ohioans, and they have to have the fracking and they have to have the energy and we need the energy. And you know, you look to your car, when did you think you're going to see $2 a gallon and less?

Donald Trump: You didn't think you're going to see that. That's like a tax cut. And at the same time, our energy industry is vibrant. Last year, I visited the Shell petrochemical plant in Beaver County, the largest investment in your state's history. Our opponents will put it out of business. They want to put it out of business.

Donald Trump: I don't think that's a great idea. Joe Biden has made a corrupt bargain exchange for his party's nomination. He's handed control of his party over to socialists. I added another word, communists, Marxists, left-wing extremists, and they're full of hate and rage and scorn for the middle class and for everybody.

Donald Trump: Frankly, for the middle class and for everybody. The Biden-Harris, Kamala, do you like Kamala? [Audience Boos] I'll tell you, did our Vice President do a great job? He did a great job. I said, Mike, that was too easy. But the Biden-Harris agenda is projected to slash the typical American's income by $6,500. This was in the Wall Street Journal today, a nightmare for Pennsylvania families, $6,500 and that's just cut it down.

Donald Trump: What you could be making if you do this and what we're doing -- because for the last 47 years, Joe Biden has been outsourcing your jobs, offshoring your factories, and selling out the American worker, and who knows it better than Pennsylvania? Look at all the empty homes that you still have despite all the jobs we've brought back.

Donald Trump: America lost 10,000 factories while he was Vice President, he has no clue, by the way. [Audience Boos] Just so you understand, he has no clue. How many? Oh, that's OK. He's a servant of the globalist lobbyist, wealthy donors, and Washington vultures who got rich bleeding America dry. You know, I said the other day, I never thought of it because they're raising a lot of money, $300 million.

Donald Trump: I could be the king of all fundraisers. I would be the greatest that ever lived. The President of the United States, all I have to do is, give me a list of the top 100 companies, I'll call the president of every one. They will pay me whatever I want. I would set every record. The problem is, I'd owe them because when they call and they have a problem for a lot more money than we're talking about -- you know, it's like hard to say, hey, they were nice, they treated you good.

Donald Trump: I don't want to do that. I don't want to do that. We don't need the money. I don't want to do that. I don't want to do it, but when you see them raise $300 million; $350 million in a month and a half, you know deals are being made, just say you understand. Deals are being made, big deals, deals -- I mean, look at the deals that he's making for himself, OK, but deals are being made.

Donald Trump: In 2016, Pennsylvania voted to fire this depraved political establishment and you elected an outsider as President who is finally putting America first, America first. The fact is, whether you like it or not, whether you want to hear it or not, Joe Biden is a corrupt politician. He's a corrupt politician.

Donald Trump: And smoking gun emails show that the Biden family sold the Vice presidency for a very, very substantial amount of money, more money than anybody would believe. He let China plunder your jobs while his family raked in millions of dollars from China and foreign nations. The Bidens got rich while Pennsylvania got robbed and so did the rest of our country.

Donald Trump: If Biden wins, China wins. If Biden wins, China will own the USA and you know it. [Audience Boos] There's no way he does anything about it. And yet media and the big tech, big tech, they're desperately trying to cover up everything. They don't want to hear speeches like this. They don't want to hear anything about it.

Donald Trump: This is a massive scandal that they're trying to suppress. I'm not just running against Biden, sleepy Joe. I'm running against the corrupt media, the big tech giants, the Washington swamp, and the Democrat party is a part of all of them, every single one of them. They flood your communities with criminal aliens, drugs, and crime while they live behind beautiful gated compounds.

Donald Trump: They try to take away your guns. Second Amendment, they want to take it away while they enjoy private security that's fully armed, they support crippling lockdowns like your Governor is doing while their jobs and their industries remain totally exempt, and it's time to send a message to these wealthy liberal hypocrites by delivering Joe Biden, sleepy Joe, a thundering defeat on November 3rd.

Donald Trump: You've got to get out and vote. Pennsylvania, you've got to get out and vote. You know if we win Pennsylvania, we win the whole thing. We'll win the whole thing. I mean it's crazy. They're saying, oh, it's his home state. It's not his home state. He left you when he was 9, right? His -- I'm not blaming him for that.

Donald Trump: But you know he likes to go round, ya, ya, oh, it's my home state. It's not his home state. I actually went to college in Pennsylvania, OK? So you know, I think I have more in common, but it's not his home state. He comes from a place called Delaware and he never leaves Delaware. I like Delaware, too, but he never leaves.

Donald Trump: He's making another speech from -- he doesn't make too many speeches either. He took a five-day lid. Do you know what a lid is? I've never heard lid. Lid is like, they put the lid like a garbage can, right? They put them -- he took a five-day lid. I mean this guy, all he does is like stay home. Do you know why?

Donald Trump: Do you know why? Because he can't take any questions now from the press. He can't take any questions. How about yesterday? He finally went outside, he went to get an ice cream, and the press is standing there. These are all killers. I mean there kill -- there they are, look, the fake news. [Audience Boos] They're standing -- and all they wanted to know -- think of me, they're screaming at me, like -- all they want to know, what flavor ice cream do you like?

Donald Trump: Well, like I like vanilla and chocolate. Thank you. They don't ask me those questions. If I don't sound like a typical Washington politician, it's because I'm not a politician. And if I don't always play by the rules of the Washington establishment, it's because I was elected to fight for you and nobody has ever fought for you harder than I have.

Donald Trump: That I can tell you. I'm fighting so hard because I love my country, I love you, by the way, but I love my country. [Audience chants "We love you"] Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And this is a tough group in front. The last time -- the last time they said that -- last time this guy said that to another man, I had a doubt you have, maybe dad, maybe dad a long time ago.

Donald Trump: But because I'm determined to ensure that the forgotten men and women of this country -- remember? They showed up four years ago and they're showing up now. Do you see what's going on? Do you see the lines? Do you see what's happening all over the country? They still don't want to report it. They still -- oh, it's going to be -- this is going to be bigger than four years ago.

Donald Trump: There's more enthusiasm, the crowds are bigger, they'll never be forgotten again, not after this one. They tried to find out who are all these people that showed up last time. Now they're finding out again, except even more so. No, do you see what's going on with the lines and everything? And then they have the phony fake ballots all over the place.

Donald Trump: They're throwing them in the garbage can. Oh, they happen to have the name Trump on them. Isn't that shocking? How about the ones that were printed without my name on it, right? They had everything on it. They had every race, they had everything. You had the Senate, you had everything, they forgot to put me down.

Donald Trump: Oh, [Inaudible] And then they say, he's against freedom. Oh, it's wild. The Biden-Harris war on police would be a catastrophe for public safety. [Audience Boos] You know, I think I have every single -- [Audience chants "Protect the blue"] I like that. I like that. I think we have every single endorsement, even New York's finest, New York City's finest.

Donald Trump: We love our finest -- [Audio gap] [Audience chants "Trump"] Is the mic ready? Yes. I wonder who did that to our mic? I don't believe it was Joe. Do you know who it was? Crooked Hillary. I think it was probably crooked Hillary, but Kamala, Kamala -- by the way, she will not be your first woman president.

Donald Trump: She will not be -- you can't let that happen. There'll be a woman president. You could not let that happen. Harris even urged their supporters to donate to a fund that bailed out rioters right out of jail, including attempted cop killers. [Audience Boos] I will always stand with the heroes of law enforcement so will you.

Donald Trump: And Biden's policies would also decimate our seniors. Biden is pledging mass amnesty and free federal healthcare. Remember he did that at a stage? Do you remember? Look, she's shaking her head, she remembers. Remember when he put up his hand? You know after 47 years, he knew was not the right thing to do, but everybody else was raising.

Donald Trump: You know they're all radical left and he felt very uncomfortable, but did he looked. He looked over, here looked over there, they were all over the place these people. They were all running for this beautiful office and he just got the hand up. And I said thank you, we just won the election. And, look, we all have a heart, you know, but what happens is, everybody comes in everyone's going to -- we're going to have millions of people pouring into our -- they get free healthcare, they get free college, they get a Rolls-Royce.

Donald Trump: Everybody gets a free Rolls-Royce. Remember when I said that and CNN went crazy? He knows they don't get a free Rolls-Royce. He lied to the American people. Oh, these are sick people. Thank goodness, their ratings -- CNN ratings. Did you see them? They're so bad. Fredo, all these people, the ratings are so bad.

Donald Trump: Their ratings are terrible, thank goodness -- but he will obliterate your Medicare your Social Security. I will always protect your Medicare and your Social Security. This I said, four years ago. I'm also proud that here in Pennsylvania, your Medicare Advantage. You know that everybody have it, some people have it.

Donald Trump: The premiums have decreased. Listen to this, under our management, 43% since I took office. Where do you hear that? We will always defend our seniors and we defend them like nobody else can. The battle against the China virus, the China virus, that's what it is. It's a China -- you know they call it COVID, they call it all different names.

Donald Trump: It's a China virus or the China, maybe the China plague. We launched the largest mobilization since World War II. I'll tell you what, the way they cover it. We have done such an incredible -- we saved millions of lives. They refused to cover it, not for me but for the people, the Admirals, the Generals, Mike Pence, everybody that worked so hard on this, and they refuse to acknowledge it.

Donald Trump: We made a lot of really bad Governors look good and some good Governors do just fine, but a lot of bad Governors, we made them look good. Early on, we took aggressive action, we saved so many lives. Remember it was supposed to be 2.2 million under us and there -- it could have been more than that. I took rapid action to ban travel from China and from Europe, heavily infected areas.

Donald Trump: And by the way, the scientists said, oh, don't do it. Two year -- two months later they were saying lucky he did do it. Biden opposed both of these life-saving decisions. Do you remember he said he's xenophobic. I said, Joe, Joe, what does it mean, Joe? He couldn't ask -- he goes he doesn't -- only in Pennsylvania, he goes he doesn't -- well, you're right about that.

Donald Trump: We pioneered incredible therapies, excuse me here I am, and you know I got you. That was quick, that was quick. No, great doctors, we have great doctors -- and reduce the fatality rate, 85%, think of that. And I'm working to make the antibody treatment that I received available to anybody that needs it free and it's getting very close to getting approved.

Donald Trump: We will have 100 million vaccine doses before the end of the year. Maybe sooner than that, maybe substantially before. The Biden lockdown -- he's willing to lock you down, you guys aren't even open yet. What the hell is going on with your state? You know Florida's open, all this -- Florida had a surge, great Governor, surge, went down.

Donald Trump: Arizona had a surge, went down, great Governor. Texas had a surge, went down. You guys never opened. What the hell is going on in Pennsylvania, right? The Biden lockdown will crush America. We will crush the virus, we're doing that, we're crushing the virus. Look at our numbers compared to Europe. You know they always said, oh, Europe, Europe, Europe.

Donald Trump: Look at our numbers compared and we had the biggest of any country, the biggest comeback. We came back faster, we went down less economically, came back faster. If you want depression, doom, and despair, vote for sleepy Joe Biden and boredom. [Audience Boos] Do you know the great thing? I always say someday these people -- look at all of them back -- look at all those cameras.

Donald Trump: Do you know what I say? Someday they're going to get smart, they're going to endorse President Trump because if you had sleepy Joe that nobody's going to be interested in politics anymore. That's going to be the end of that. They will all go out of business. They should have gone out of business four years ago, then I came along.

Donald Trump: If you want open schools, an open economy, and a safe, healthy, thriving country, vote for me. We're going to do it. We're doing it now. We're doing it now. We're joined today by a few of my friends. I'll tell you, this one guy, he got it right from the beginning. That's right, how did you know that? He's a warrior he's tough as hell.

Donald Trump: He could have only been grown in Pennsylvania because he's that kind of a guy. He said a long time ago when I knew him, it was a year before the election, and I said this is four years plus one. I said how do you think we're going to do? He said, sir, you're going to win. I said how the hell do you know that?

Donald Trump: I just started. The escalator ride wasn't too old, right? The famous escalator with our first lady. They love our first lady. It wasn't too old. We had just come down and a man named Congressman Mike Kelly said, sir, you're going to win in a landslide. Come up here, Mike. Come up, come up. Get up -- he said I can't. I can't do it.

Donald Trump: They'll figure it out, don't hurt yourself though, Mike. Don't prove everything, Mike. Hey, fellas, could you help the man? He's a -- you know just give him a hand. Take your time, Mike, don't hurt -- don't hurt yourself. Can you imagine? He's trying to climb over a barrier to show that -- we don't want to hurt our Mike.

Donald Trump: He's been -- right from the beginning has been with me. Great guy. Come here, Mike. And also, my Pennsylvania campaign chair, done a fantastic, really fantastic job, Bernie Comfort, Bernie. Thank you. Great job, great job. Don't touch me, Mike. We'll get in trouble with the media. They'll say they touch each other.

Donald Trump: Oh, do you ever see this? If he would have done that, I saved you, Mike. I saved -- maybe I saved your political career. They would've had a front-page story about two hands touching. Mike, say a few words, please.

Mike Kelly: In our lifetimes, we will never see a President like Donald J. Trump again. I want every one of you to make a commitment to get out and vote, November 3rd and absolutely refuse to lose. This is the President, this is the time, this is your solemn oath to America. We're going to make America great again, again because of Donald J. Trump.

Mike Kelly: There is no flu that's going to keep this man down. He makes the Energizer Bunny look like a deadhead. This guy never stops. He never sleeps, he is totally dedicated to each one of you, and we should be totally dedicated to him. I love this President, I love his agenda, and I love the fact that on November 3rd, we're going to put him back in the White House.

Mike Kelly: Mr. President, thank you.

Donald Trump: What a great guy. Well, that was not a bad job. [Audience chants "Four more years"] Not a bad job, not a -- he's a great guy though. He really is, you're lucky to have him. Good job. You know he shows up without the jacket, I feel a little guilty, Mike, with that. You're not cold, Mike, I hope, right? Don't be too brave.

Donald Trump: We've got to keep him around, right, Mike? Thank you, Mike. Great job. I appreciate it. Under my administration, we built the greatest economy in the history of the world and now we're doing it again. In my first three years, we increased family income over $6,000. Listen to this, more than 5 times the gains in all eight years under the previous administration, think of that.

Donald Trump: In just a short period of time, African-American unemployment, Hispanic-American unemployment, and Asian-American unemployment, all reached their lowest levels in the history of our country, think of that. We lifted nearly 7 million Americans out of poverty, a record, including nearly 1.2 million African Americans out of poverty.

Donald Trump: Since April, just since April, just now, we created a record, never happened like this, 11.4 million brand new American jobs. That's never happened before. And you know you were hearing, it sounds terrible to me when I say it, but you are hearing about 38% unemployment, right, 38%, you're hearing 42%. So it was -- oh, goes fake news.

Donald Trump: Fortunate -- hey, thank goodness, but you know it was? Two weeks ago, 7.8%, now 7.8%, where we're at 3.4% and 3.5%. I don't like to say 7.8%, but when you think about it, they were saying we're going to 42%. You know, not our fault, we had this plague come in from China. We're going to 48% to 42%, 38%, 7.8%, and heading down rapidly.

Donald Trump: That's pretty amazing when you think about it. Under Biden, it took 30 months to recover more than half of the jobs lost in a crisis. We did it in less than five months. We've spent the last four years, reversing the damage Joe Biden inflicted over the last 47 years. You saw what he's done. You know it's amazing.

Donald Trump: He's always like -- you know it's not him. He's not being critical, but he has writers. They say, oh, let's do this. That you know I have all this stuff, Vice President Biden said -- he has no idea what he said. But do you know what I get? He just -- you know he didn't leave long ago. He was here for eight years as Vice President and 47 years plus as a politician in Washington.

Donald Trump: Think of it and he's always like, why didn't he do this? Why the hell did he do it? He just -- you know, why didn't he do it? Forty-seven years, Joe, why didn't you do it? He supported NAFTA, TPP, which would have destroyed your industry and China's entry into the World Trade Organization. One cruel betrayal after another, it's true.

Donald Trump: I mean what he's done. For decades, our politicians spent trillions of dollars rebuilding foreign nations, fighting foreign wars, and defending foreign borders. Now we're doing our borders. Do you like that better? But now we're finally protecting our nation, rebuilding our cities, and we are bringing our jobs, our factories, and our troops, our beautiful, beloved troops.

Donald Trump: We're bringing them all back home. It's time, 19 years. To save our auto industry, I withdrew from the last administration's Trans-Pacific Partnership. Pennsylvania gained Michigan, auto factories, auto plants being built all over Michigan, Ohio. There wasn't a plant built in 42 years. Now they're being built all over the place.

Donald Trump: In Japan, I told the Prime Minister, you have to give us plants. You've got to -- you can't just keep sending us cars. You've got to make them over here and they started and you're a big beneficiary of it. To defend our steel that aluminum workers, I imposed very historic tariffs on dumped steel, right?

Donald Trump: And that half -- and U.S. steel, all your places started doing great. I ended the NAFTA nightmare and signed the brand new USMCA, it just kicked in. Do you know how I know it's good? Because the other two countries aren't so happy, it's good. They took advantage of us for a long time. I took the toughest-ever action to confront China's rampant theft of American jobs.

Donald Trump: Nobody has ever done, and you know what, we were -- nobody's ever done anything like this to China. We would take it -- we're taking it billions, right now we're taking in billions, billions and billions of dollars. It affects you a little bit. We gave $28 billion to our farmers because they were targeted by China, and that was just a small fraction of what I took in.

Donald Trump: Under my leadership, we achieved the most secure border, Southern border in U.S. history. So we're building 10 miles -- you know the wall is going to be completed very soon and we had radical opposition to the wall, radical opposition. We'll be at 500 miles very soon and we'll be completed with the wall.

Donald Trump: And by the way, Mexico, you know they keep saying Mexico is paying for the wall, they understand that. They're paying for the wall. Mexico's paying for it and it's very high, just like I said it would be, and it actually goes down very deep. Do you know why? Two reasons, actually, number one, to hold it up.

Donald Trump: Number two, to stop the tunnels. My opponent's immigration plan is the most extreme proposal ever put forward by a Presidential candidate. Biden would eliminate U.S. borders. How about that? Do you like that idea? [Audience Boos] OK, just think of it from a break -- how the hell do you have a country if you don't have borders?

Donald Trump: He would eliminate, and you know, that's signed in the manifesto with Bernie Sanders, crazy Bernie. Bernie is one of the -- I'll tell you what, he's one of the greatest losers, and I mean that is a very nice way. Twice, they took it away from him, right? Hillary took it away and then Elizabeth Pocahontas Warren took it away because she stated on Super Tuesday.

Donald Trump: She took enough votes away, so he didn't win any states, and then he goes back to the Senate like nothing happened. This guy he's -- I think he should be giving -- you know in school when I was a young guy in school, sportsmanship of the year. I never happened to receive that. I got other awards. I never got the best sportsmanship award, but Bernie Sanders should be given Sportsman of the year, sportsmanship, I guess, right?

Donald Trump: No, no, it's amazing. This happened to him twice. Is Bernie running again in four more years? Bernie, are you running again? Crazy Bernie, but, no, but they signed that -- you know they didn't sign. I guess they have this deal, the manifesto, they agreed. Biden would eliminate -- and she's more liberal than him you know.

Donald Trump: She's more liberal and there's nobody that treated Biden worse than Kamala. That's why I said, why would you ever pick her? There's nobody that treated him worse. Biden would eliminate U.S. borders by implementing nationwide catch and release, which I ended. If it's OK with you. Do you know what they did?

Donald Trump: You catch them, what do you do? They're murderers, they're rapists, you catch them, and then you have the release them. This called catch -- this is a serious -- this was a Democrat program headed up by crying, Chuck Schumer, he's the one. You catch them -- [Audience Boos] Crying Chick. He only cries when it's -- I've known him a long time.

Donald Trump: The only time he cries is when it's necessary, crying, Chuck. No, no, you catch them and you release them into the country, and you say in four and a half years, please come back for a trial. Nobody comes back, a couple of really stupid ones come back, other than -- making every community into a sanctuary city and suspending all removals of illegal aliens.

Donald Trump: They want to suspend -- in this manifesto, no more moving out illegal aliens even if they're really bad, including, no, violent criminals. You catch MS-13, can't move them out. Thank you very much, we're living with them. This is what -- this is what these people want. This is the most important election in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: Look, you know we can play games and we can be nice and we can have a good time. Do you think I need to be standing out here in 50-degree weather? Look at it, Mike, in a shirt and he's -- and he feels better about it than I do, right, Mike? No, this is the most important election in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: We cannot allow -- we cannot allow this to happen. We're going to win. We're going to win so big. I think we're going to win -- do you know the lines? The lines are record-setting, the lines are big, the lines are big. There's a lot of -- a lot of Trump, Trump. You know people that -- a lot of people great Americans, they never liked who they were voting for, they didn't vote, they just didn't vote and they're online right now.

Donald Trump: There are a lot of people out there and it's looking good, it's early, but it's looking good, get out and vote. Most important election, Mike, we've ever had. I really believe it. And you know what, four or five months ago when we started this whole thing because you know before the plague came in, I had it made.

Donald Trump: I wasn't coming to Erie. I mean I have to be honest, there's no way I was coming. I didn't have to, I would have called and say, hey, Erie you know if you have a chance get out, but we had this thing won. We were so far up. We had the greatest economy ever, greatest jobs, greatest everything, and then we got hit with the plague and I had to go back to work.

Donald Trump: Hello, Erie. May I please have your vote, right? I love Erie. No, hey, we had a big deal at Erie. We had a big deal in Erie, right? This was not supposed to be a Trump thing. It's a lot of Democrats, but the Democrats had love Trump, because I love them. And you know what, you're workers, you're like me, we work, we work, we word but that was a pretty big upset wasn't it, huh?

Donald Trump: But if Biden wins, your borders are gone, which means your healthcare is gone, the middle class is gone, your safety is gone, your country is gone. That's what's going to happen and don't think it can't happen. [Audience Boos] Take a look at Venezuela. This could be -- same ideology is what they're talking about.

Donald Trump: This could be a Venezuela but much, much, much bigger. It could happen, it could happen. You see these people, you see what they're saying, you see Portland, where they have anarchists through the streets, and it's all Democrat-run areas, no Republican areas. It's all Democrat-run areas, that's where you have it.

Donald Trump: With Portland, it's anarchists, but look at the various but look at what's happened to our beautiful New York? Since I've been gone, think of it. You know what, it's like three and a half years, if you think of it, I think what I can say is, if I would stayed in New York that wouldn't have happened. It's very interesting but look at what's happened to New York in a few years.

Donald Trump: What's happened to New York, what's happened to Chicago. Look at what's going on in Baltimore, and just remember this, with Obama-Biden they had nothing but problems. Look at Baltimore, remember how bad that was? Ferguson, look at St. Louis, look at Oakland, look at all the problems. You know they act like, oh, it was so -- it was horrible and you know I say it all the time, if they were any good, I wouldn't have run.

Donald Trump: And if they were any good, if I did run, I couldn't have won, right? But they were no good, they did a rotten job, they did a lousy job, and Joe is not equipped right now, no longer. He never really was. You know we used to call him 1% Joe and that was in primetime. How about this? And in non-primetime he ends up getting the nomination, figure that one out.

Donald Trump: To secure our border, I took the corrupt media, we had to take it on and they are corrupt. The powerful special interests and the open borders, lunatics because they'll destroy our country. In just three years, we removed over half a million criminal aliens, including those charged or convicted of more than 145,000 assaults, 40,000 sex crimes, and 6,000 murders, 6,000 murders.

Donald Trump: We got them the hell out, some we had to keep because we didn't even want them out, they were too dangerous because we don't want them coming back. And I want to thank ICE and I want to thank our great Border Patrol, always law enforcement, but ICE and Border Patrol. Under a Biden administration, these criminals would be set free.

Donald Trump: Under my administration, these criminals are sent home or they have to be put in prison. We invested $2.5 trillion in the U.S. military. We now have the greatest equipment we've ever had. We are the envy of Russia and China and everybody in the world. We have the best missiles and rockets and tanks and planes, F-35, stealth, you can't see it.

Donald Trump: Other than that, it's not so great. You can't see it. I went to one of the pilots. I said how good is this plane? Well, it's really good. Why is it good? Because the enemy can't see it. I said I don't know too much about what you do, sounds good to me. And for our great veterans, we passed the VA Choice and VA Accountability.

Donald Trump: We killed the leader of ISIS, al-Baghdadi. We killed the worst mass murderer and terrorist in many, many generations. Soleimani is dead, killed many soldiers, many people. I withdrew from the last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear deal. By the way, if and when we win, my first call's going to be from the heads of Iran and they're going to say, let's make a deal.

Donald Trump: Their economy went from being strong, they were all over the world terrorism. Now their economy is totally tanked with our sanctions and other things, and they're down GDP, think of this, GDP down 27%. Nobody has ever even heard of it. They -- and I don't want that. I want them to be a good [Inaudible]. They cannot have a nuclear weapon, they cannot have a nuclear weapon, but I want them to be good.

Donald Trump: I want them to be strong. I want them to have a great country. The first call will be Iran. As soon as we win, they're going to call and we'll make a deal, and others will also call. They're all hoping, China. Oh, China, China wants us to -- oh, China. They want, they want Joe Biden so bad you have no idea.

Donald Trump: They want -- they are dying for Joe Biden. The one they don't want is, they don't want Trump. They've had enough Trump, tens of billions of dollars we get. [Audience chants "We love Trump"] I recognized the true capital of Israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. We don't want Trump, please.

Donald Trump: We've had enough of Trump. Let's try somebody new, this isn't working out. Hey, look, China has ripped us off more than any country in history. And by the way, plenty of our allies ripped us off, too, between trade and military and everything else. I can't go into that. I could speak about that all night long, but nobody has ripped us like China for many, many -- long before Obama, in all fairness and Biden, long before them.

Donald Trump: They've ripped us off, where's Hunter? I don't know. Where's Hunter? Remember we said that, where's Hunter? And then we made the t-shirt. It was the No.1 selling t-shirt, where's Hunter? What happened to Hunter? Where's Hunter? I also recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights, 52 years they tried to do it.

Donald Trump: I did it in about two hours. I even got nominated for three Nobel Peace Prizes, can you believe it? And for all different things: one's the Middle East, one is Kosovo, Serbia. You know we're doing a deal with these countries, I say, well, you guys have been fighting and killing each other. If we're doing a deal, let's get them to be like let's not kill each other.

Donald Trump: And we worked out a deal, a beautiful economic deal between two places that just killed each other for years and years, and it just seems so easy and so natural, right? Anyway, in the Middle East, instead of all of the blood pouring all over the sand, we're ending all of that, and you see what's happening.

Donald Trump: Countries are joining left and right, no blood. We did it a different way. We did it a different -- how many times was I criticized? He can't get it done that way. Do you see this guy, John Kerry, who's grossly incompetent? [Audience Boos] The only time he ever left the negotiating table was to go into a bicycle race.

Donald Trump: He was 73 years old and he fell, he broke his leg and his arm. Other than that, it was a wonderful day riding a bicycle. And I pledged that I will never be in a bicycle race, OK. I did more in 47 months than Joe Biden did in 47 years, it's true. A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for all Americans.

Donald Trump: A vote for Republicans and a vote for me is a vote for the American dream. That's what it is. It's a vote for the American dream. And in conclusion, we'll make this a little shorter. You know it's like about 40 degrees. I don't want people -- I don't want to lose anybody. You've got to go vote. So we're going to go a little shorter because you've got to go vote, and I see, uh, even, Mike, he's so brave.

Donald Trump: He's starting to freeze his ass off. He said, OK, look, I proved my point. Let's, hey, President, let's get me the hell out of here. Over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world and we will end our reliance on China once and for all. We're already doing that.

Donald Trump: We will hire more police, increase penalties for assaults on law enforcement, and we will ban deadly sanctuary cities, ban. We will uphold religious liberty, free speech, and the right to keep and bear arms; Second Amendment. If they get in, you will lose your Second Amendment. Remember that when you're getting ready to press Trump.

Donald Trump: We will strike down terrorists who threaten our citizens and we will keep America out of these ridiculous, horrible endless wars, they're endless. We will maintain America's unrivaled military might and we will ensure peace through strength. We will end surprise medical billing, require a price transparency -- already signed.

Donald Trump: It starts on January 1st. It'll be bigger than healthcare, watch this -- and further reduce the costs of prescription drugs, which I've done you know with favored nations. The drug companies do not like me too much. You will have drug prices going down 50%, 60%, 70%, 80%. Could you imagine if he were in this position and people would go up to him?

Donald Trump: Mr. President, you've done a great job on drug prices. Oh, really, what happened? They're down 82%, sir. Really? I can't believe it. You better give me the credit, damn it, I tell you. What I put -- what I've gone through, the drug companies, they're spending a fortune on fake ads. They don't want me, they don't want me, China doesn't want me, Iran doesn't want me, nobody wants. [Audience chants "We love Trump"] Erie, Erie wants me.

Donald Trump: And we'll always protect patients with pre-existing conditions, always. America will land the first woman on the moon and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars, that's already moving along. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education to our schools, right?

Donald Trump: We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag. And we will live by the timeless words of our national -- our great national motto, it'll never be changed. You know they want to change that. You know they want to take certain words out, like the word God, OK. [Audience Boos] In God We Trust, we'll always keep it.

Donald Trump: For years, you had a President who apologized for America. Now you have a President who is standing up for America and standing up for the great people of Pennsylvania. Always will, great state, great place, a lot of friends. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get your co-workers, get your boss, right?

Donald Trump: Get your boss. Come on, boss, we've got to vote and get out and vote. You know you tend to vote very late, which is good. I understand that, worked before you know it's just the norms and you tend to vote late. Get out and vote. Get out and vote. This is the biggest election of our lifetime, get out and vote.

Donald Trump: From Scranton to Allentown, from Pittsburgh to Harrisburg, and from Easton to right here in Erie, we stand on the shoulders of red-blooded American patriots who poured out their hearts, sweat, and soul to secure our liberty and defend our freedom. Pennsylvania is the state where our Founding Fathers declared American independence.

Donald Trump: Think of it, Pennsylvania, think of what you represent as a state. What state, honestly, and we can say it to -- with the other states, I love them. They've been great to me. They voted for us, everything, but what state's done some of the things that have taken place in Pennsylvania? It's where the army weathered its brutal winter at Valley Forge, where General George Washington led his men on a daring mission across the Delaware, and where our Union was saved by the incredible heroes at Gettysburg, right?

Donald Trump: I mean, who can say these things and these names, right, Gettysburg, these names? This is the place where generations of tough, strong Pennsylvania miners, steelers, factory workers, forge the greatest nation in the history of the world and believe me, the best is yet to come. It's coming, it's all happening, the best is yet to come.

Donald Trump: Proud citizens like you helped build this country, and together, we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people. We are returning power to you and I said that a long time ago when we started. It was being taken away, I just didn't know quite how deep the swamp was. It's a little deeper, a little more treacherous than I thought, but we're beating them.

Donald Trump: Oh, well, they -- their head will explode on November 3rd. Can you imagine? And then you know what's going to happen? Do you know what's going to happen? I think they're finally going to say, OK, that's enough, let's go. I think, by that time, they've got to -- they're going to have it. They will have had it.

Donald Trump: He goes they better. With your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we're going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning, right? We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. And together with the incredible and I mean that I know you well.

Donald Trump: A lot of time in this incredible land, this beautiful place, this place of history, the incredible people of Pennsylvania, we have made America powerful again. Our military's never been like this. Remember at the beginning, when the overrated General said to me, sir, we have no ammunition. I said no President should ever have that, no President should ever hear those words.

Donald Trump: Sir, we have no ammunition. We now have so much ammunition that even Mike would be impressed. So we've made it powerful again, we've made America wealthy again, stock market, new records, you're 401(k)s, everybody happy with their 401(k)s? Do you want to see your 401(k)s crash? It was on today, Varney, Varney, you know Stuart?

Donald Trump: He had a gentleman on who said you know if Trump gets in, the market's going to go through the roof. If Trump loses and this other guy gets in, you're going to have a problem like you've never seen before. And I agree, your 401(k)s, your stocks, do you want to see them drop like a rock? If you want to have some fun with your family, explaining why is it down 80%, dad?

Donald Trump: We don't love you anymore, dad. No, your 401(k)s are doing great, everything's doing great, we're going to be in a position very soon like we've never been in even better than we were a year ago. We've made America strong again, we have made America proud again, we have made America safe again, and we will make America great again.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, Pennsylvania. Go out and vote. Go out and vote. Thank you, Pennsylvania. Thank you. Thank you.