Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-campaign-rally-allentown-pennsylvania-october-26-2020

Donald Trump: Thank you. [Audience chants "USA"] So, thank you very much, Allentown. Thank you very much, Allentown. I know it well. Eight days, you believe that? Eight days from now, we're going to win the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. And we are going to win four more great years in the White House. I want to begin today by discussing an issue of existential importance to Pennsylvania.

Donald Trump: Very, very important. Last week, sleepy Joe Biden made perhaps the most shocking admission ever uttered in the history of presidential debates. In other words, he blew it. On live television, 91-to-nine, did you see that? 91. So, do you know what that means? 91-to-nine, but we won't talk about that in front of the fake news.

Donald Trump: Joe Biden confirmed his plan to abolish the entire US oil industry. That means no fracking, no jobs, no energy for Pennsylvanian families, Texas, all the other places. He wants to go wind. Let's go wind. Let's go have brownouts, blackouts all over Pennsylvania, all over the country. He wants to go wind. He wants to go with windmills that are made in Germany and China.

Donald Trump: And send big, big carbon into the air when they're making them, you know that, right? From a different continent but that's okay. Biden's plan is an economic death sentence for Pennsylvania's energy sector. I mean, I think you all know that. Did you see it though? Do you believe it? And even the anchor, who I thought did a very good job by the way, Kristen.

Donald Trump: I thought she did a very good job. She said, "Why do you say that?". Remember that? "Why are you saying that? Why do you say that he will eradicate your energy and send Pennsylvania into a crippling depression?" Somehow, that doesn't sound good, Mr. Congressman [Inaudible]. The Biden energy shutdown, and he wants to shut down the whole country.

Donald Trump: And we're rounding the turn, you know, all they wanna talk about is Covid. By the way, on November 4th you won't be hearing so much about it. Covid, Covid, Covid. Covid! Today let's talk about Covid, all over Europe. Right? Europe spike, they don't talk about that. Now we're rounding the turn and we have the vaccines coming out very soon, years ahead of schedule, if he would've done it like he did the h1n1 Swine Flu, one of the worst handled.

Donald Trump: That was an epidemic, it was a disaster. He had no idea what the hell he was doing, but you know that. The Biden energy shutdown would inflict deep pain and misery on Pennsylvania, mass layoffs, constant blackouts and brownouts, soaring gas prices. Nice to have that two dollar gasoline, isn't it? Surging energy bills, no air conditioning in the summer, no heat during the winter, and no electricity during peak hours.

Donald Trump: Let's watch President Trump on television. I'm sorry, we won't be able to do it. The wind isn't blowing today, darling, we won't do it. No, it doesn't, it doesn't -- It doesn't power those big factories that were opening up all over the country. Biden's running mate, Kamala Harris. Did you see her last night on television with the laugh? "Ha, ha, ha," she's like.

Donald Trump: She was laughing at a horrible question about her and she just laughed, she found it so funny. Most liberal Senator. She's the most liberal Senator by far. She's more liberal than crazy Bernie. Even sponsored the 100 trillion dollar Green New Deal. [Laughs]. The Green New Deal? I don't think so. The Green New Deal would be an economic disaster for our nation, certainly for this state.

Donald Trump: Biden and Harris have a pledge to join and rejoin the, the Paris -- Look. You know about Paris? The Paris Climate Accord. One of the great disasters of all time. Just call up France, how's Paris doing? Shipping your energy jobs to foreign polluters, all over China, all over the rest of the world. And you know, it was hard bringing it back.

Donald Trump: We brought our jobs back -- lot of our jobs are coming back now. They're coming back, you know. You know, and speaking about jobs, I wanna thank the people that own this plant. You know, you have a Governor named Tom Wolf, I guess. Tom Wolf? [Audience boos] This thing was set up just a few hours ago. That's why it's so incredible.

Donald Trump: There are people across the street trying to get in. This was set up because your Governor made it almost impossible for us to find any site. Normally, we would've had an airport. We would've gotten in, we would've had a -- I mean, this is really a nice place. No, I wanna thank the trucking company. They're great.

Donald Trump: They're supporters. Well, we just found it a little while ago because they were shut out. We had a deal. It was a deal, and they broke the deal, headed by Governor Tom Wolf whose got your whole -- Who's got your whole Commonwealth shut down. Whole Commonwealth is shut down. Although, probably on November 4th, it'll open.

Donald Trump: They'll announce on November 4th. Did you see the one governor said, "No, I think we should be open by around November 4th." Oh, uh, thank you -- No, they think they're gonna inflict harm and bad numbers. Our numbers are so good, our comeback numbers are the best anywhere in the world. Doesn't matter. But, you know what?

Donald Trump: It does inflict tremendous harm on the people that are shut out of their jobs, that are gonna lose their jobs with suicides and drugs, and alcohol and all the problems. So, Tom Wolf, uh, next time gi-give us a little notice, Governor. And I'll remember it, Tom. I'm gonna remember it, Tom. "Hello, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: This is Governor Wolf. I need help. I need help." You know what? These people are bad. We, we go out of our way, regardless Republican/Democrat, when they have a problem, but he shut us out. Then, he tried shutting us out of two other venues. You know, we have three of these today in Pennsylvania. Three of these.

Donald Trump: And these just came out. I-I -- You know, I have to say it, cause I watch -- And the fake news. There has never been anything like what's happening now. But these just came out. So, Rasmussen just came out. Trump is leading. You know, that's been one of the most accurate polls. You don't read it. In fact, a pollster called us yesterday.

Donald Trump: Said, "You have really good numbers, but they won't accept them when we put 'em out." They don't put 'em out. Unless they're negative, the press doesn't put 'em out. Can you -- No. This is serious. And how 'bout big tech? How 'bout Biden scandal? And they're not even covering it. They don't wanna talk about it. [Audience boos] And by the way, that's a real scandal.

Donald Trump: And the press doesn't wanna write about it, except for the New York Post. The press won't write about it. And big tech won't take it. [Audience chants "Lock him up"] People have no idea what's going to happen in Pennsylvania, that I can tell you. I know Pennsylvania. Don't forget, I went to school in Pennsylvania.

Donald Trump: I went to school in Pennsylvania, college and, uh, I know it much better than he does. You know? He's always talking about, "I grew up." Right? "I grew up in Pennsylvania." He grew up no where. He didn't grow up. No, did you watch him on 60 Minutes last night? Did you see yesterday when he called me George? "No, I don't know if I like George." No, no.

Donald Trump: Not George. What a mess. What a mess. No, he called me George. I don't know if I should be insulted or happy about it. It's sort of insulted. That's the first time that's happened to me in a long time. No, but the polls just came out. So, just came out. So, let me tell you the real polls, okay? Because we feel we're winning almost easily, but you don't hear that.

Donald Trump: I watched television today purposely to see what was going on. [Audience member calls out "CNN sucks"] So, it started -- Oh, CNN is the worst, but I hear the guy -- I hear AT&T is finally getting smart and they're gonna fire the head of CNN. That's what I hear. They finally got smart. That's what I hear.

Donald Trump: Zucker. But, you know what? Look at this. So, Rasmussen was very accurate last time. Like, one of the top two or three. Rasmussen, Trump approval rating, 53 an 52, 53%. So, in another poll, we're leading in Nevada. That's nice. We're one up in Nevada. We're way up in Texas despite what you keep hearing. Five up in Texas.

Donald Trump: I think we're much more than that if you listen to the governor of Texas, who's great. In Ohio we're way up. By four or five points. Five points. In Florida, we have it down as four up in Florida. That's a lot for Florida. So, in Florida, Rasmussen, that's a Rasmussen poll, these are all different. That's a Rasmussen, 50 to 46 were plus four in Florida.

Donald Trump: You don't hear these numbers, right? You hear these guys get on television. Florida's gonna be very tough. No, we're winning in Florida. We have crowds. We're winning in Florida. No, but you don't hear it. We're nicely up, five up in Georgia. Landmark. It's called Landmark. Five up in Georgia. You don't hear that.

Donald Trump: I heard today, He's losing in Ge -- No we're not losing in Georgia. We're gonna win by much more than five. In Arizona, we're nicely up, really nicely up. Very good. We're winning big in Iowa but we should be with what I do for the farmers. Got em 28 billion dollars from China. In Montana, we're so far up they don't even -- they shouldn't even have the election.

Donald Trump: Likewise in Utah. So far up, we're plus 12, plus 15. And in West Virginia, we're 20 up. 20 points up. These are just came out. They came out today. And then in a head-to-head with sleepy Joe Biden, on a national basis. I'm, I am brilliant in the states. 'Cause you know you run. Remember Hillary used to complain.

Donald Trump: But I never did a national. You know, winning -- I think winning the, the vote, overall vote is almost easier --than the electoral college. But, uh, you remember last year she'd complain. She used to, she used to campaign in the wrong states. The next time -- But they probably learned. But in the national poll, we're leading against sleepy Joe Biden.

Donald Trump: We're leading. And that's a Rasmussen poll. Head to head. No, we're leading -- we're leading head to head against sleepy Joe. So, I just thought I'd do that -- Remember in the old days, four years ago we use to read the polls I'd drive them crazy? And they'd say oh that's not right. I turned out to be right.

Donald Trump: You know. So, I want you to hear it. I -- I -- it's on television now. It's the only way we get it on because they don't put it on. They're fake and they're corrupt people. They're fake. They're corrupt. I mean, I watched -- I never watch CNN. But I had to see it this morning to see. So I watched them for a little while.

Donald Trump: I watched MSDNC owned by Comcast. Right? MSDNC. I watched -- You watch these polls and you say, oh this is terrible. They're fake polls. They're fake. They're total fakes. These are real polls. We're gonna win in Florida. We're gonna win in Pennsylvania, I think. I mean, look at this venue. You have thousands of people across the street that couldn't get in.

Donald Trump: They couldn't get in. Because honestly, uh, secret service wasn't that well. They couldn't -- they didn't expect -- because we just said this place up. We just set it up. And think of it. So we had a venue and the governor that counts the ballots, right? The governor counts the ballots, and we're watching you governor, very closely, in Philadelphia.

Donald Trump: We're watching you. Lot a bad things. Lot a bad things happened there with the counting of the votes. We're watching you Governor Wolf, very closely. We're watching you. But the same guy that makes it impossible for us to get a venue, we just got this thing literally hours ago. And to have people across the street trying to get in is amazing.

Donald Trump: I mean, it's amazing. Which tells you, and I don't know if you saw the Ohio rally. We had -- we had 35, 40 thousand people. Thank you very much. Nah, forget it. [Laughs] Thank you. Now, one of them had a guest this morning. I really watched this for this reason. I mean, I had to get lucky. It started off, COVID, COVID, COVID.

Donald Trump: Don't go, don't go and vote. Don't go and vote. You know who's not voting? The Democrats. They're not voting. You know, if you looked at some of these early polls -- So we're supposed to be way down in the initial week because it's the fake ballots, right? The phony ballots that are all crooked as hell. And then, we catch up.

Donald Trump: But we have states where we're leading in early voting. That's trouble. Because we win everything from here on in. We win everything. Just get out there and vote, or if you have an absentee send it in, but you know what, there's nothing like getting out and voting. And I did it two days ago, I went and voted.

Donald Trump: And it was so good, you know, I went in Florida, in Palm Beach. I said, "Okay, I'm here to vote." And the woman was fantastic, "Sir, do you have identification?" I said, "Just happen to have my passport." "Sir, do you have any additional identification?" "I do, I do." She said, "Thank you for -- " And she was good.

Donald Trump: I mean, she was doing what you have to do. She was good. She was totally good. I hear this guy back there. So, so she did a great job. And you know what, it was a beautiful thing because there's no way you can cheat. I mean, that, then they said, "Here, do this, and here, sir." You can -- you know, they give you a booth, you sit down, you do what you have to do.

Donald Trump: You get up, they fold it, they put it in, then you put it into the machine yourself. They don't want to touch it. It was so professional. There's no way you can cheat with these ballots. Who's sending them? Who's receiving them? Who's bringing them back? Who's signing them? It's ridiculous. It's the only way we can be -- it's the only way we can lose in my opinion, is massive fraud.

Donald Trump: And that's what's, that's what's happening because all over the country you're seeing it. Thousands and thousands of ballots. How about the military ballots that were thrown into a garbage can? With the name Trump on it. So all we can say is law enforcement is watching Nevada. It's watching Philadelphia and Pennsylvania, by the way, but Philadelphia in particular.

Donald Trump: Because they had a lot of strange things happen over the years in Philadelphia, and we're watching you, Philadelphia and we're watching at the highest level. And we're watching the Democrat governor, who's got his state shut down, a great state, North Carolina, he's got it shut down. We're watching North Carolina.

Donald Trump: We're watching Michigan. So that's another one, we're leading by two points in Michigan, right? Hadn't been won in decades until I won it four years ago. We're leading in Michigan. And we should be, I brought a lot of car business in, brought a lot of car plants in. They hadn't had a plant built in 42 years or something and we brought a lot of plants in.

Donald Trump: You hear that jet, you hear that? That's one -- that's a brand new, beautiful, F-35 jet. Stealth, that's why you can't see it. No, super stealth, actually. Joe Biden is a diehard globalist who wiped out your steel mills, you know it better than almost any place in this country. Closed down your factories, kill your coal jobs, outsource your industries, and supported every terrible and disastrous trade deal.

Donald Trump: For the whole I mean, for, for 47 years, this guy's been there. You saw on the debate. Did anybody watch the debate by any chance? But did you see? Here's my, my standard answer. Joe, you've been there for 47 years, why didn't you do it, right? And you left three and a half years ago, Joe, so it's not like it was 25 years ago you left.

Donald Trump: Why didn't you do it, Joe? You know, he's talking about all, "I would have done this with a pandemic." And yet he had the worst -- His chief of staff said that he and himself, the chief, they were grossly incompetent, they had no idea what to do. And now they're telling us how to handle a much more lethal problem.

Donald Trump: Amazing. I wonder if that chief of staff is still around? You know, he probably said it when he assumed Joe couldn't win, right, you know? When Joe ran, because he was always one percent Joe, we used to call him one percent Joe. And then he ran and now he's at 50%. You know, where he's at 50%, right up there, he's at 50, and he ends up winning.

Donald Trump: Tell me, is politics is strange game? He was a cheerleader for NAFTA, which was a disaster for your state. And he enthusiastically voted for China's entry into the World Trade Organization, decimating your manufacturing and enriching China. It's really what made China he voted for it. Pennsylvania lost almost 50% of its manufacturing jobs after Biden's NAFTA and China disaster.

Donald Trump: And it wasn't only him but it was the thinking, that was the thinking, that's what they want. Decade after decade, vote after vote. Joe Biden, Sleepy Joe has betrayed Pennsylvania. How the hell can you vote for him? Is this a serious -- How can you vote for this guy? Congressman, how do you vote for this guy?

Donald Trump: Look, look, look, he almost got through the debate. I wouldn't say he was Winston Churchill but it was okay. And then we got him on the last question, I said, do you mean you're against oil? Yes, I'd weed it out. I said, Pennsylvania, Texas, are you watching? You have no choice? Okay? If you stop fracking, if you stop fracking, which he's against -- You know, remember, you say I'm against fracking, I will ban fracking -- he did this for over a year.

Donald Trump: We got a, we only have about a hundred clips -- we're going to play some of them for you, but here, here's the thing. I don't wanna play them all, we don't have enough time in the day. But you don't have to take my word for it, because you know what? Because it's Pennsylvania, I did a special television, like Cecil B. DeMille, I did a, a really special little treatment for you.

Donald Trump: The late, great, Cecil B. DeMille, here's Joe on 2 things: security and fracking. You gotta believe -- you're not even going to believe it. Where is your screen? This screen cost us a fortune so I hope you enjoy it. [Video Begins]

Joe Biden: My problem is, I voted for 'Nam. I'm supporting NAFTA. Because I think it is a positive thing to do. And I do not pretend to be an expert on uh, international trade matters.

Unidentified: [Video] When you ran for president, and when Barack Obama ran for president, you both said you would renegotiate NAFTA. You didn't.

Unidentified: [Video] Trade agreements like NAFTA and [Inaudible] trade relations with China, which forced American workers to compete against people making pennies an hour, has resulted in the loss of 160,000 jobs.

Unidentified: [Video] The president is absolutely right when he says that China has been cheating for 25 years and that Bill Clinton didn't do enough about it, George W. Bush didn't do enough about it, Barack Obama didn't do enough about it.

Donald Trump: [Video] That was easy. Barack Obama

Joe Biden: [Video] A rising China is an incredibly positive development for not only China, but the United States and the rest of the world. A rising China is a positive, positive development. It is in our self interest that China continue to prosper. We want to see China rise. China's a great nation, and we should hope for the continued expansion.

Joe Biden: [Video] China is not our enemy. We talk about China? As our competitor? We should be helping. The idea that China is going to eat our lunch is bizarre. The idea that they are our competition, they're going to beat us, is bizarre. China is going to eat our lunch. Come on, man. They're not bad folks, folks. China is not a problem.

Unidentified: [Video] Allowing China into the world trade organization, which you supported, extending most favored nation status to China, which you supported, those steps allowed China to take advantage of the United States by using our own open trade deals against us.

Joe Biden: [Video] No, look.

Unidentified: [Video] You think in retrospect that you were naive about China?

Joe Biden: [Video] No.

Donald Trump: [Video] Today we're finally ending the NAFTA nightmare and signing in to law the brand new U.S., Mexico, Canada agreement. Very special.

Unidentified: [Video] Listen, it's hard to understate the importance of the USMCA. Uh, this is the single biggest bi-partisan legislative victory for this president and this administration. It is a huge deal.

Unidentified: [Video] Wage growth is better than it has been since 2009. That means that it is better than it has been for 7 out of 8 of the years that Obama was president.

Donald Trump: [Video] The new USMCA has powerful protections to keep auto manufacturing jobs. Since the election we've created 41,000 brand new motor vehicle and parts jobs.

Unidentified: [Video] But doesn't he deserve some credit for that? It's better, the USMCA, it's better than NAFTA.

Joe Biden: [Video] It is better than NAFTA.

Unidentified: [Video] Joe Biden to respond.

Joe Biden: [Video] I never said I oppose fracking.

Donald Trump: [Video] You, you said it on tape.

Joe Biden: [Video] I didn't. Show the tape. Put it on your website.

Donald Trump: [Video] I'll put it on.

Joe Biden: [Video] Put it on the website.

Unidentified: [Video] Would there be any place for fossil fuels including coal and fracking, in a Biden administration?

Joe Biden: [Video] No, I would, we would, we would work it out. We would make sure it's eliminated. I guarantee we're going to end fossil fuel. No more. No new fracking, and gradually move away from fracking. Kamala Harris

Unidentified: [Video] But like what about say, stopping fracking and stopping pipeline infrastructure and, and, and --

Joe Biden: [Video] Yeah. Two pipelines. Exactly. They want to do the same thing I want to do. They want to phase out fossil fuels and we're going to phase out fossil fuels. Kamala Harris

Unidentified: [Video] I have one final question, it falls, it falls --

Donald Trump: [Video] Would he close down the oil industry. Would you close down the oil industry?

Joe Biden: [Video] Either way I would transition from oil industry, yes.

Unidentified: [Video] I will transition -- That is a big statement.

Donald Trump: [Video] In terms of business, that's the biggest statement.

Unidentified: [Video] Okay.

Donald Trump: [Video] Because basically --

Unidentified: [Video] We have one final question. Mr. President --

Donald Trump: [Video] -- what he's saying, is he is going to destroy the oil industry.

Unidentified: [Video] Okay.

Donald Trump: [Video] Will you remember that, Texas?

Unidentified: [Video] Okay.

Donald Trump: [Video] Will you remember that, Pennsylvania? Oklahoma?

Unidentified: [Video] Vice President --

Donald Trump: [Video Ends] So, will you remember that, Pennsylvania please? By the way, who has gone -- Who's voted here so far?

Donald Trump: Oh, that's good because, you know, Pennsylvania's a very late voting state, which I like, actually. For obvious reasons, I like that. So, that's all so -- Okay. Who has not voted yet? Who doesn't intend to vote? Who's not gonna vote? Oh, you better say that. You'd be in big trouble in this crowd. So, who's going to vote for Trump?

Donald Trump: Okay. See, that's why I brought all that expensive equipment, 'cause it's easier than me saying it, right? Huh? No, it's great. That's something brand new, just a couple of days in. We only bring it to certain locations, okay? And even though we got shut out of our main by your Governor, that Governor. But we brought it here.

Donald Trump: But isn't that very descriptive? Isn't that better than me telling you he said this and he said that? Yeah? There it is. He also said, by the way, he's gonna cut your social security. You saw that yesterday, right? In 2016, Pennsylvania voted to fire this corrupt political establishment. And you elected an outsider as your President who is finally putting America first.

Donald Trump: America first. With your vote, we will continue to fight the America -- Look, we're gonna fight. We are gonna ready. We are going to fight for the American workers and we're gonna lower drug prices, support your police, we're gonna support your police. We're going to protect your second amendment, which is totally under siege, but don't worry about it.

Donald Trump: As long as I'm your President, you don't have to worry about your second amendment. Look at what I've done so far. It's been under siege, I can tell you that. We're going to defend our borders. They don't wanna have borders. They wanna have open borders. You know, the wall is almost complete, right? They wanna have -- And we have the strongest border we've ever had.

Donald Trump: Right now, they wanna have open borders and if you have open borders, you don't have a country. You don't have borders, you don't have a country. Thank you. Yup. Almost finished. Very shortly it's gonna be finished. We just hit 400 miles of -- That's a lot. And this is a wall that's exactly what border patrol and all of the law enforcement people wanted.

Donald Trump: We built it. I said, "You know, could you take it easy, this is gettin' a little expensive." Loaded up. It's loaded up with equipment and wires and everything else -- -- addition to the wall. Because, as you know, the democrats say, "Walls are obsolete." Right? I said, "No. Walls and wheels will never be obsolete." Walls and wheels.

Donald Trump: Everything else is gonna be obsolete. And s-sure, we wanna ensure that more products are proudly stamped with the phrase, that beautiful phrase, made in the USA, right? Made in the US. We are going to deliver record prosperity, epic job growth. We're doing it already. 11.4 million jobs over the last few months.

Donald Trump: There's never been a time in our history where we put that many people to work that quickly. Ground breaking therapies and safe vaccines that quickly end the pandemic. It's ending anyway, we're rounding the turn. It's ending anyway. But the vaccines are gonna be incredible. Real -- Be very quick. If somebody else were President, you'd get a vaccine in about 4 years from now.

Donald Trump: Normal life, that's what we want, right? Normal life. We want normal life. We just want normal life. It's happening very quickly. And next year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our country. I gave working families record setting tax cuts. Biggest tax cut in the history of this country.

Donald Trump: And this guy is running on tax increase. I never saw it. I said it yesterday, where I was with that great group. I was in New Hampshire. We should do very well there. Unless you watch television. "He will not win." Then you get polls, like you're leading and I say why do they keep saying that? Because you know they are.

Donald Trump: They're suppression polls. They make you depressed and by being depressed you say darling, we really like our President a lot, but let's just go have dinner and then we'll come home, and, and we'll come home early and watch the results. And that didn't happen four years ago. You said darling, he may not win based on television, but let's go vote anyway.

Donald Trump: And then they had, in probably the most exciting evening maybe in the history of television, right? It sure beats any sporting contest. Even ESPN admitted that. There's never been anything like this. Then you went Donald Trump has won the state of Florida, right? Remember? And they said, Donald Trump has just won the state of Ohio.

Donald Trump: So you know with Ohio, we went, I mean we went for a year, you have to win Ohio, you cannot win unless you win Ohio. And they go Donald Trump has just won the state of Ohio, but here was the problem, won by 8 points, this was not like, that was like the biggest victory, they couldn't believe it. And they said there's something going on here, but I'm sure this is just -- Remember with the hand, John King, the hand shaking -- Hands started getting a little shaky.

Donald Trump: No it got a little bit shaky and then we won North Carolina, we won, excuse me, a place called Pennsylvania -- Remember? There is no way -- beginning of the evening. There is no way for Donald Trump to get to 270, right? And they were right, I got to 306. 306 to 223. 306 to 223. It was a -- [Laughs] That was some evening, and you know what?

Donald Trump: I'll tell you what. I hate to say it, and I never thought I'd say it because what happened there was legendary, this is more important. This is going to be the most important election in our country's history. So get out and vote. In my second term I will cut middle class taxes even more. We have a big tax cut.

Donald Trump: And sleepy Joe Biden is pledged the biggest tax hike in history. Did anybody see 60 minutes last night? Did anybody see 60 minutes? Which is a total joke of a show, but you saw I released a thing early so they got the full -- but it was okay. But, did you see his performance on that show? The only thing almost as bad was Kamala with the laugh.

Donald Trump: Haha that's so funny. Hahaha. She kept laughing. I said, is there something wrong with her too? She will not be the first woman President, you can't let that happen. You can't let that happen. No, I said is there something wrong with her. She kept laughing. At, at very serious questions. But how about this, Mike was great.

Donald Trump: But how about this, they ask me, she says, "are you ready for tough questions?" I thought she was kidding, you know, because how do you -- I said just treat me -- No, no, no. This is tough questions. And I said -- they do. And I said, let's see what you have. And it was just question, question, kill. They're always going for the kill.

Donald Trump: She's, she's a zippo, but always going for the kill. And then did you see the interview with him? Oh it was so soft. They're starting to protect -- They try so hard. That's right. You saw the other day? He's walking out with ice cream, huh. Mr. Vice President! What flavor is it? Ah? It's -- I think it's vanilla and chocolate.

Donald Trump: I said, I don't get questions like that. Right? Yeah, Pennsylvania gets it. By the way, we win Pennsylvania, we win the whole thing. You gotta get out there. You gotta vote. Big deal, right? Congressman, this election is a choice between a Trump super recovery. We're having a super V, it's called. Nobody even thought.

Donald Trump: We are doing numbers and wait til you see that number of GDP. I don't know what it is. The Feds said it may be a 35 percent increase in GDP. The Atlanta Fed. They came out last week, you saw that? I'll take 25 percent, right now. I'll take 15 right now. I think the record was like 7 or 8. But they said it could be 35 percent.

Donald Trump: You see cars sales through the roof, housing starts through the roof. There's great things going on, but a tax increase by Biden, all the things he want to do regulations. He's wants to put back all the regulations which were terrible. It would take 20 years to get a highway approved, 20 years. A job killer is right.

Donald Trump: It's a job killer. So, you'd have that against a Biden depression. Let me tell you, if he gets in with what he wants to do you will have a depression the likes of which we've never seen in this country outside of perhaps 1929. It's a choice between a Trump boom or a Biden lockdown. He wants to lockdown the country again.

Donald Trump: No, we understand the disease. Well, you guys, I don't even talk to you, you're already locked down. Are you going to ever open up? Congress, when are you going to get this guy, this clown, to open it up? Well -- make sure he can't get a site. Make sure when the President comes in to Pennsylvania, make sure he can't get a site.

Donald Trump: He cannot get a site. I don't want him here. We had one, they shut it down. We had two, they had three, but I like this place, this is quite intimate. My guys did a good job with about 4 hours notice. They had like -- No but think of it, think of it though. I said it before. So he doesn't want us to have a site.

Donald Trump: Now, freedom of speech, right? He doesn't want us to have a site, but this is the guy that's counting our ballots? It doesn't work. It doesn't work. So, be very vigilant and watch. You poll watcher, watch. Did you see where they fought us because they didn't want poll watchers. They took us to court and we had a bad decision.

Donald Trump: We had a judge, this judge. So we'll appeal it. But this judge, this judge, obviously I won't, I won't get too into that, but he said no you can't have poll watchers. So he's saying we can't even watch as they count the ballots. But we're going to appeal it and we'll end up winning. We'll end up winning.

Donald Trump: Can you believe it? We can't have poll watchers, the judge said. They fought us on that. They didn't want people watching them count. Whoever heard of a thing like this? Before I came along nobody would have sued. That's why Romney got almost zero. You know when he, Romney in Philadelphia, remember he got, he got almost zero votes.

Donald Trump: How do you get zero votes at a city? But we watch. And we'll sue. And we'll keep doing it. And we'll keep having law enforcement right along side of us. If Joe Biden and his democrat socialists are elected, they will delay the vaccine, delay therapies, prolong the pandemic, close your schools. Your schools have to open and shut down our country.

Donald Trump: Guy doesn't have a clue. This guy doesn't have a clue. Have you seen what this, I mean, he, we can't play with a country. The only thing I can tell you for sure, President Xi, from China, President Putin, from Russia, Kim Jong-un, North Korea, and I could name 40 others, they're sharp as a tack. They don't want to deal with sleepy Joe.

Donald Trump: One of them said to me, one of the leaders said, why I hope you win because we don't want to deal with somebody that sleeps all the time. Do you believe that. No he just announced a lid. He announced another lid. You know, and he's not, you know somebody could say oh this is brilliant, this is prevent defense.

Donald Trump: First of all, did you ever see prevent defense, it always loses. A team shuts down the other team for 3 and a half quarters, they're leading by 6, then they go prevent defense, they lose. All the time, right? 2 touchdowns scored on them. They shut a team down for the whole game, then they go let's go prevent.

Donald Trump: Well, I don't know if he's doing that. I don't think so. I think he's doing it because he can't answer questions. Really. When these clowns back here, bad, corrupt people, when they ask him questions, he cannot answer the simplest question. How about where they gave him questions on a teleprompter, they said, here are the questions, and they wrote out the answers to 'em, and he's responding, can you imagine I have the press here?

Donald Trump: Sir, what about this, what about that, what about -- I won't tell you some of the tough ones because there's some, there are some questions that never work out well no matter how you answer them, they can make whatever -- you know they'll take the answer that could be perfect and they'll make -- so they'll ask you a questions and they said, let's say oh, well that means they gave them the questions.

Donald Trump: Who ever heard of this before? And then the way the, the tech fakers close, section 230 anybody? They close down, because the government gave them special protection. The way they close down, anybody, they banned the New York Post from being on, can you believe it? The New York Post. Fourth largest [Inaudible]. No, it's amazing, in an interview that aired last night, Biden said he opposes letting young Americans resume their lives, even though most are at extremely low risk 99.99. Now as an example, I had it, and here I am.

Donald Trump: My wife had it. First lady had it. But the legendary Baron Trump had it. They say "Sir, your son Baron tested positive." I said "Oh that's terrible." Like, 14 minutes later, "How's Baron?" "Oh he's better, he's fine". Because they're stronger than us, they have an immune system, I don't know what the hell it is but -- "How's he doing?" 15 minutes later, "how's he doing?" "He's fine sir, he's -- " "Baron are feeling okay?" "I -- Nothing wrong with me Dad." I think he had the sniffles.

Donald Trump: Barely. 99.98% of those under the age of 50, fully recover. But sleepy Joe wants to keep the whole country locked down. Keep em in their homes while letting rioters and looters run wild. You know we call these protests. This is not a meeting. We call em protests, You know why? Because the only thing you can do in Pennsylvania is to protest.

Donald Trump: You can't go to church -- You can't pray to your God. You can't be with your pastors, your priests, your rabbis. You can't be -- none of that. You can't do anything. You can't go shopping, you can't open your stores. But if you want to protest and burn the hell out of your city, no problem you can do that.

Donald Trump: So, what I was told a couple of months ago about Pennsylvania, and others, Minnesota we're gonna win too. You know we're gonna win Minnesota. Because we saved Minneapolis. I sent in the National Guard, took about a half an hour. But we're gonna win the -- But when you think about it, you can't do anything.

Donald Trump: And then they have this little clause, unless you're protesting. I said "Good." So these are no longer rallies, these are friendly protests. When the China virus arrived we moved heaven and earth to fight the disease. We banned travel from China and Europe, sleepy Joe didn't want to. He said "Oh, you shouldn't do that, you xenophobic." Right?

Donald Trump: He called me racist too. He, he called me everyth -- That was in January. Two months later he still thought he was right. And then he had to apologize. And then he, then he runs and then he said "Trump should've done it earlier." Except he know -- Think of it, how does he get out of that one? And the fake news doesn't want to report that.

Donald Trump: So in January I wanted to do it. But in March, he thought, I shoulda never done it. Same with Pelosi, she was dancing in the streets. Nancy Pelosi. Crazy Nancy. Crazy. She's crazy as a bedbug. How bout, when she went to the beauty parlor and the woman that owned the beauty parlor is a Trump supporter. Can you believe it?

Donald Trump: Crazy Nancy. Ah, what a group. We have a good chance of taking back the house, I'll tell ya. We have a good chance. Of course she's, of course she's crazy. We airlifted medical supplies, built hospitals from scratch, slashed red tape pioneered ground-breaking therapies. I wish Cuomo in New York would've used the Convention Center.

Donald Trump: For seniors. You know if Cuomo would've used the Convention Center for seniors, and the big ship, you know we sent the big hospital ship in. Sitting there practically empty all the time. He -- If he would've used this ship, and if he would've used the Convention Center for seniors, we would've had no p-, you woulda had no problem there.

Donald Trump: We reduced the fatality rate 85%. Think of that. That's because of what we've come up with over the last little while. As I said before, "Here I am, right?" And saved over two million American lives. So, when this first came, people were projecting that it could be as bad as 2.2 million, right? I think we saved by shutting down, by doing what we did, by learning the disease.

Donald Trump: And now we have therapies, therapeutics, we have all of the different things, the vaccines coming. I really think we saved two million lives. We get, they'd never say that, the fake news will never say that. And we will deliver one hundred million doses of a safe vaccine before the end of the year. Seniors will be first in line for the vaccine because they're the most vulnerable as you know.

Donald Trump: We learned that. We must take the virus seriously, we must keep our people safe. But we must not give in to panic and fear. They want me to say "Everybody, everybody oh please -- "We don't want to do that. Oh happy birthday darlin, that's -- Most importantly we're protecting the elderly and those with underlying conditions with extreme vigilance.

Donald Trump: This has been my top priority from the beginning. So we understand this horrible disease sent by China, came over by China, remember that, don't forget that please. I will break through every opp, oh do they want sleepy Joe to win? Does China want sleepy Joe to win? They own him. They own sleepy Joe. Did you see his email where they want $10 million a year, a year, for introductory purposes.

Donald Trump: You know who they're gonna introduce him to? Sleepy Joe. So the son never made 10 cents, all of a sudden, Biden becomes Vice President and now he's making millions of dollars a year, unbelievable. And Biden they got -- and Biden got a lot of it. Look, he got 10%, right? It went to the big man, I don't consider him a big man, but it went to the big man, 10%. And the press doesn't want to talk about it.

Donald Trump: Doesn't wanna talk -- But we won't rest until we eradicate this disease once and for all, it'll -- I'm telling you it's happening. We will vanquish the virus, we will overcome the pandemic and we will emerge better, stronger and more unified than ever. And by the way there are people who want to get out, and there are people that feel more comfortable staying at home.

Donald Trump: That's okay, stay. Don't feel that -- stay, it's okay. But if Biden and the democrat socialists are elected, they will raise your taxes to a level that you've never seen before -- -- quadruple. He's the only candidate in history whose primary platform is I will raise your taxes, can you believe this? I'm running against this.

Donald Trump: I am running against the worst candidate in the history of presidential politics. I am, I really believe that. And think of it, think of it, and I have to be very careful the way I say this, you know why? If I say, "If I lose -- ", they go back, "We have breaking news, President Trump thinks he's going to lose.", they did it once before.

Donald Trump: You know, I told the same little anecdote and they go back and they'll say, "President Trump thinks he's going to lose.", so I have to be very careful. But can you imagine, can you even imagine losing to a guy like this? Actually, I wish he was a good and even a great candidate, because if something happened, you feel a little better.

Donald Trump: But could you imagine? He can't remember my name. Now I, I'm not that big of an ego guy, he should be abl-, you know, I'm the candidate, like that's -- good candidate and I happen to be president. He could not remember my name yesterday! This is what you're putting in office. I don't think he's gonna make it, I don't think he's gonna make it.

Donald Trump: Ladies and gentlemen the vice president Biden will be doing a lid today. No, he was doing the lid till Thursday. Hey media, is that till Thursday he's doing the lid? Thursday. In other words he's taking 40% of his campaign he's gonna lid. I don't know, I don't know. Look, you know what? You could run -- see this beautiful whatever the hell it's made out of, plastic huh, see this beautiful thing?

Donald Trump: You could run that, you got the Democrats, you got the fake news media's their partner, and you have big tech, they're all partners. And then you have the RINOs, you have the RINOs, you have the bad Republicans, you have the sicko RINOs, right, that I've beaten so badly over the years, you know, the RINOs, the people that do the answers.

Donald Trump: Every one of those guys, just about, I've beaten because they all represented a client in the primaries. And instead of saying, "Hey, he did a good job, he's a smart guy. He did a great job." They said, "Let's go against him.", but every one of those guys, take a look, real garbage, not smart people. But he wants to terminate religious liberty, destroy the suburbs, he'll destroy -- I am saving the suburbs.

Donald Trump: I'm getting rid of a regulation -- I'm getting rid of a regulation that will move a project next to your beautiful house, congratulations. You like having a nice project next year to your house? I don't think so. And with it comes plenty of crime. That's why they keep saying, "We don't know, we think he's not doing well with suburban women.". I think I'm doing great with suburban women.

Donald Trump: I am saving the suburbs, I'm saving the suburbs. How can I do badly? Look, here's what I know about suburban women: first of all, they're great, they love our country. But here's what I know, they want two things: they want to leave their house alone, they don't want a five story project next to them, or could be higher.

Donald Trump: They want to leave their house alone, very importa-. And you know what else? They want security, okay? They don't want to have Antifa -- -- an anarchist running through their streets, okay? So if they agree with what I just said, I have a feeling they're gonna be voting for Trump. I have a feeling. It was the same time last I remember they said, "He will not get the women's vote.

Donald Trump: He will not get the women's vote." And then at the end of the evening, you remember how great I did? Right? What are my best group? Women. So I said, "Am I that bad? Am I that bad?" "He will not receive the women's vote." You know, Jim, this should be over very quickly. Uh, Donald Trump at that time, it was just Donald, no President. "Donald Trump will not be able to get the women vote." The end of the evening they said, "Man did he do well with the women vote.

Donald Trump: What the hell happened?" Right? So true. And then Biden's gonna pack the Supreme Court with radical justices who will shred your Second Amendment. And pro-life and so many other things. He will shred it to defend our God given freedoms. How do you like Amy, by the way? Isn't Amy great? I nominated Amy Coney Barrett to the Supreme Court of the United States and tonight she will be confirmed by the Senate and become the newest member of the Supreme Court.

Donald Trump: It's a big deal. He wants to pack the court. Maybe 16. Maybe 18. Maybe 20. Why don't you put a couple a hundred people in there? He wants to pack up the court with radical left judges. And I've been saying I'd go a step further. I have a list, 45 great people. Great people. They believe in a thing called the Constitution.

Donald Trump: You know, little things like that. He's gotta tell us who he might put on, because you can't vote for him unless you know. Because you can't have radical left judges who are looking to destroy our country. This Election Day the people of Pennsylvania must stop the anti-American radicals delivering Joe Biden and the far left.

Donald Trump: You have to do this. A thundering defeat. You have to deliver them a thundering, beautiful, big solid defeat. You better get out there and vote, you know. When I saw the few hands of the people who voted, that's in Pennsylvania, for some reason you always vote very late. I guess you're like me, you feel like voting in a booth, pressing a little button.

Donald Trump: Right? Having somebody check to see that it really is you. This -- there is something nice about it, right? But, no, but Pennsylvania I think more than any other place they wanna vote late. So, I'm, I'm really happy to see this because you know what? A lot's been learned in the last few days. The debate learned a lot.

Donald Trump: We learned a lot about fracking, about energy, about the fact that he's not all there. No, we learned -- that debate was important. It had a lot like Superbowl type ratings, right? I'm glad they didn't tell me that before I went onstage. But that debate was great and we learned. Other things we learned when this Savannah Guthrie, who is just terrible.

Donald Trump: No, she was, she was coming out of her chair as she was asking me. She was, she was, she was crazed. She was crazed. And I did a nice job. Savannah, take it easy. You, just relax. Just relax. Don't let the hatred show. But we learned a lot. You learned a lot, and I'm glad you're getting ready to vote. And we've gotta blow 'em out.

Donald Trump: This is a whole ball game. We gotta blow 'em out. And maybe above all else, Joe Biden, as you know, is a corrupt politician. They've known that for a long time. Now they'll never put that on air. They will say, "Cut the cameras. He called Joe Biden corrupt. Cut. Cut. Cut. We have to protect Joe." You know they have big benefits with Joe.

Donald Trump: If Joe gets in, they get a lot of benefits that they won't get with me. He wants to destroy your energy jobs in Pennsylvania while his own son collected $183 a month, $183,000 a month. So, Hunter has no energy experience. He has no job. He has no income. His father becomes Vice President. And here's just a few of the things he gets: $183,000 a month.

Donald Trump: Would anybody like that job? For a very bad-type reputation big energy company from Ukraine, right? He gets three and a half million dollars from Russia from the wife of the Mayor of Moscow, three and a half million dollars. What the hell did he do for that? He had no income, no job, no nothing. And then come the beauties.

Donald Trump: He got 1.5 billion to manage, because he's a great manager of money. He had no job, no money, no nothing. 1.5 billion dollars to manage, which is millions and millions of dol -- from China. I said to a friend of mine, the biggest on Wall Street, very smart guy and I said, "Is that possible to get?" Then he said, "It's not possible for my firm to get it." He got one -- And it took it approximately 10 minutes of dealing with the Chinese.

Donald Trump: And then they were going for the big one. 10 million dollars a year for introductory purposes. And when I say it, they go, "But you have no proof." No, we do. We have stuff all over. But then they have a new excuse. A new excuse. Russia. It was Russia. Right? Here we go again. Three years of this. Adam Schiff, the watermelon head, right?

Donald Trump: Upon information [Inaudible]. I believe that the laptop from hell was created by Russia. Uh, I'll tell you. Boy, some of these foreign countries they must think -- They must think shifty Schiff. They must think we are nuts. Think of it. A-after going through all that, no collusion, they spent 48 million dollars.

Donald Trump: No collusion. By people that hated me. If they had a -- a stamp that had an R on it, they would've said, it's collusion. Smart people. 18 crazy democrats that were smart, vicious, violent. No collusion. 48 million they spent and now we hear about the laptop -- The laptop from hell that he brought in to be fixed.

Donald Trump: He forgot -- That was a very expensive -- That was a very expensive repair job. He didn't pick it up. By the time he picked it up, it was too late. But, here's the thing, and they say it's Russia, Russia, Russia. I hope every -- Does anybody here believe it was Russia? You know who doesn't believe it even more than you?

Donald Trump: Is the fake news media, but they're right involved in that. It's a con job. It was the greatest crime in the history of our country. And this could be the second. We caught them spying on my campaign. It was a treasonous act and we caught them. We have them. Let's see what happens. You know, we have very nice people.

Donald Trump: We have very nice people who don't wanna do anything before the election. Very nice. Very nice people. It's okay to do it to me, but it's not okay to do it to other people. If Biden wins, China wins. And if China has anything to do with this whole deal -- If he wins, let me tell you, China will own the United States of America.

Donald Trump: They will own it. When we win, you win, Pennsylvania wins, and America wins. We're gonna have a big victory. I don't think China likes me too much. You know, I charge them 10's of billions of dollars. Billions and billions of dollars in -- in, uh, taxes and in all sorts of things. Tariff's. And I gave 28 billion to the farmers.

Donald Trump: There aren't a lot of farmers here, I guess, right? Are you a farmer? Did you get a check? He's a farmer. I got one farmer here. But, no, but I gave it to the farmer's 'cause they were targeted by China. 28 billion dollars. Two years. 12 and 16. 28 billion dollars I gave to our farmers 'cause they were targeted.

Donald Trump: Nobody else would do that. What you would like, is I charged a big tax on the dumped steel, right? They were dumping steel all over the place, destroying your steel companies. I put a 25% tariff on that -- -- and you steel companies started doing well again. It was very nice. Sleepy Joe won't do that. In fact, sleepy Joe said -- You know, we made a very good deal with China.

Donald Trump: Unfortunately, the ink wasn't dry before the plague came in. But I never took the tariff's off. Nobody understands that. I never took it off. I wouldn't take those tariff -- Sleepy Joe said, "One of the first things I'd do, is take the tariff's off." Oh, do you think China would like to see him get in? Boy, oh boy.

Donald Trump: They, uh, they would love to see it. If I don't sound like a typical Washington politician, it's because I'm not a politician. If I don't always play by the rules of the Washington establishment, it's because I was elected to fight for you harder than anyone ever before. So we have a couple of warriors here.

Donald Trump: They're great people. They're congressmen and man, did they fight for me. Congressman Dan Meuser, Dan. Thank you very much, Dan. A former congressman, I'm sure you never heard of him. His name is Lou Barletta. And Lou Barletta is strongly against taking the statues of Christopher Columbus down. Would you say that's right?

Donald Trump: Lou's not a big fan of them, right? And congressional candidate, who's supposed to be fantastic and a star, Lisa Scheller. Good. Good. That's great, Lisa. And somebody's done a fantastic job, campaign chair, Bernie Comfort, Bernie. Bernie. Hey Bernie, how are we doing? Looks good. Looks good. Looks very good.

Donald Trump: Harder to judge because, you know, you go in so late but it's looking good. The places where they've casting and where they're casting their vote, that's not anymore polling you sort of know. They are really looking good. Bernie, you gotta win. You don't win, I'll fire you so fast. You have no idea. [Laughs] I especially wanna recognize the incredible Truckers for Trump who are here tonight.

Donald Trump: Truckers! The Truckers for Trump, they're incredible people actually. I don't know how they do it. Those are long hours driving down those highways, huh? And we got 'em some pretty good legislation that other people wouldn't get 'em because they just don't do those things, but we go 'em some pretty good legislation.

Donald Trump: So thank you very much fellas. We appreciate it, and the women and the men. Under my leadership, we achieved the most secure border in United States history. My opponent's insane immigration plan would eliminate US borders entirely by implementing nationwide catch and release. They wanna have catch and, you know what catch and release is?

Donald Trump: You catch them, they're a murderer, they're a rapist, and you release them. You know where you release them? Into our country. Then Biden, at the debate, he said, "No, no, it's okay 'cause they come back for court." Nobody comes back. They don't come back. They don't. No I ended catch and release. I didn't like catching a murderer and releasing him.

Donald Trump: No, that wasn't -- We keep 'em out. We're keeping 'em out. You can come into our country, but you have to come in legally, and you have to come in through merit. His plan would also make every community into a sanctuary city for violent criminals. Somebody like your governor, Tom Wolf, would probably love it.

Donald Trump: You gotta speak to him about this. You can't do this kind of stuff. Called freedom of speech, right? The Biden-Harris plan would also increase refugees coming into our country by more than 700%. It would be the highest level anywhere in the world. That's, that's Bernie. That's crazy Bernie. They pledge to terminate all national security travel bans, opening the flood gates to radical Islamic terrorism.

Donald Trump: No, thank you. If you don't mind, Joe, no thank you. You saw what happened, uh, a few days ago in Paris, right? You saw that horrible attack? I'm keeping the terrorists, Jihadists, and violent extremists the hell out of our country. Is that okay? Do the truckers agree? Do the truckers agree? I think so. I think that, I think I have the truckers' vote, that's -- Nice truck.

Donald Trump: By the way, nice trucks. You think I could hop into one of them and drive it away? I'd love to do it. Just drive the hell outta here. Just get the hell out of this. I had such a good life. My life was great. And then I said, "Let's do this, darling. This will be a lot of fun." But you know what? I'm so happy with it, because nobody has ever done so much in the first three and a half years.

Donald Trump: No one [Inaudible]. We invested 2.5 trillion with a T, trillion dollars. See now Biden would say, "2.5 million. 2.5 thousand." Thank you. And I love you too. Thank you. I guess why I, I guess that's why we're all doing it together, right? Would you get right down to it? We have a great country. We have to save our country.

Donald Trump: Most important election. But we invested $2.5 trillion in the US military and we saved a thing called the Philadelphia Shipyard. Have you ever heard of it? We saved it. Anybody work there? We saved the Philadelphia Shipyard, we didn't wanna lose it. We also passed VA Choice and VA Accountability. Nobody said it was possible, for the vets.

Donald Trump: And we just got a 91% approval rating from the vets, a highest ever. Remember off of years, you'd always see vet stores, how badly they were treated. Now you go see a doctor, we pay the bill if you can't. 'Cause we have great doctors there actually. But a lot of times it would take weeks before you could see a doctor.

Donald Trump: Now you go to a private doctor, we pay the bill. Nobody thought we could do that. Exactly one year ago today we killed the leader of ISIS, al-Baghdadi. And we took out the world's number one terrorist. Soleimani is dead. And we took 100% of the ISIS caliphate, you know that. 100%. I withdrew from the last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear deal, one of the worst stupidest deals.

Donald Trump: This was John Kerry who liked to go bicycle riding, remember? That's the only thing that stopped him from finishing the deal sooner. So they paid $150 billion, 1.8 billion in green in cash for nothing. For an agreement that expires very shortly if we didn't terminate it. You know, time flies, right? For a short term [Inaudible], they gave them $150 billion.

Donald Trump: The first call I get when we win will be from the head of Iran, "Let's make a deal." Their economy is crashing. It's crashing. They will call. And I want them to do well, but they cannot have a nuclear weapon if it's okay with you. If it's okay with you, they cannot have a nuclear weapon. Do we agree with that Congressman?

Donald Trump: But we want them to do well. But it'll be the first call. I said we don't wanna negotiate, but they gotta see what happens, 'cause they dream also. China dreams. Every country's dreaming about it. Germany. You know, there was a poll that Barack Hussein Obama is more popular in Germany than I am. But I agree with that.

Donald Trump: If I win those polls then I'm not doing my job, right? You know, when you think about it. No. They rip us. Everybody rips us. I recognized the true capital of Israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. That was promised for decades and decades by -- Every single president running for office promised that, and nobody did it but me.

Donald Trump: Instead of ne -- -- Right? I've been -- I'm the only one. Instead of never ending wars, we are forging peace in the Middle East. Three countries and they're lined up. They're lined up. It's so beautiful to see. No blood in the sand. Much less expensive. No. We just got yesterday's Sudan, you saw that? Got Bahrain, UAE.

Donald Trump: Now great. They're lined up. They're all set. You know what? They're tired. They're tired of fighting all the time. Fight, they're tired. We're bringing our soldiers back from Afghanistan, all coming back. Many have already come back. A vote for Republicans -- 19 years is enough. Do you agree? 19? A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and the American Dream.

Donald Trump: A vote for the American Dream. And in conclusion, I hate to leave you, but in conclusion -- -- over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world. And we will end our reliance on China once and for all. It's already happening. We will hire more police, increase penalties for assaults on law enforcement, and we will ban deadly sanctuary cities.

Donald Trump: We will uphold religious liberty, free speech, and the right to keep and bear arms, Second Amendment. We will maintain America's unrivaled military might. We've never had -- I said 2.5 trillion. We have the greatest tanks, and rockets, and missiles, and jets, F-35 super-stealth, and tankers, and submarines.

Donald Trump: And our nuclear weapons are now tippy top. And hope to God you never have to use them. But we are the envy of the world. We are the envy of the world, Russia, China, North Korea. No matter where you go our weapons are the envy of the world. Hope to God we never have to use it. But we will ensure peace through strength.

Donald Trump: We will maintain American energy independence. We're independent. Can you believe that? We have energy independence. First time. We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, already signed ready to go January 1st. Lower drug prices even more. We have favored nations, we get the lowest in the world.

Donald Trump: Now we're the highest, we go down to the lowest. The drug companies don't exactly love me too much, big pharma. They are doing more commercials than me, than Biden times five. And we always protect patients with pre-existing conditions. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education to our schools.

Donald Trump: We will tech our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag. And we will live by the timeless words of our national motto, In God we Trust. In God we -- you know, they wanted to take the word God out of their pledge of allegiance. You saw that. And I watched, and I said, "Oh, they must have made a typo." Uh, they didn't have in God, they didn't have God, they took the word God out.

Donald Trump: I said must, and then when I watched it a second time, same thing happened. I said, "This is serious." And then, our country got very angry, and it was incredible how quickly God got put back into, right? Got put back. Pledge of allegiance. [Audience chants "God bless Trump"] Thank you everybody. Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: For years you had a president who apologized for America. Now, you have a president who is standing up for America and standing up for Pennsylvania. You know, a man named Byron York, he's a great writer, I f -- find him to be a great writer, they know him very well. He did an article today. They were saying, "Who's gonna win?" He said, "I don't know but, you have these incredible rallies, and I'm not just talking about Trump rallies, that just form.

Donald Trump: Car rallies. Boat rallies, they just form. Without -- by the way, trucker rallies, they have trucker rallies." And it was very interesting, he said, and it's true, and they're organic, they just happen. They had a big one, they had a big one yesterday on Long Island. They had a big one in New York City. And he said, "It's very inter-" you had a big one here, yeah.

Donald Trump: No, he said uh, yeah, I don't know. He said, he said, "You better be careful. You better be careful 'cause he's never seen anything like it." And I'm not even talking about the rallies that we do, I'm talking about. These are rallies, in Iowa they had thousands of tractors. They had tractors. The boat rallies are incredible.

Donald Trump: For the last four years you have seen me fight for you and now I am relying on you to deliver another historic victory for our country. On November 3rd, we must finish the job and drain the swamp once and for all. We did it. But nobody told me the swamp was that deep, and that dirty, and that vicious. You get impeached for a perfect phone call.

Donald Trump: They impeach you for a perfect, perfect phone call. And by the way, they had the laptop, as I call it, the laptop from hell, and based on that laptop, they should have never impeached, right? But they didn't wanna reveal a little thing like that. No, it was great. And we had great loyalty from the Republican Party.

Donald Trump: Great, great loyalty. It was really great. Get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, and get your co-workers and get the hell out to vote please. You know what? It's gonna be all over the country, not just in Pennsylvania. All, it's going to be a great red wave. They're already talking about it.

Donald Trump: Oh, and it's gonna be a lot bigger than people understand, and that's what Byron was talking about. He said, "You know, I don't know, there's never been, there has never been anything, there have never been rallies like this." There have nev -- we were in Ohio, we were in Wisconsin, yesterday we were in uh, uh, New Hampshire.

Donald Trump: It was, I'm telling you, you had to see, the biggest rallies anyone's ever seen. And they go quickly, you know, we give like 24 hours notice. Press a button, we're gonna be, we're gonna be in New Hampshire, we're gonna be in Ohio, Wisconsin. We're gonna be someplace and boom. You have tens of thousands of people.

Donald Trump: There's never been that before. You know, Sleepy Joe goes out there's like, f -- four people show. They have no people. They can't even fill up the circles, you know the circles? And Barack Hussein Obama went out over the last three or four days. He's drawing flies. Flies. No, nobody's going. Obama's out and they will never show it.

Donald Trump: You know, they, they don't turn. See here, they never show the extent of it. The have the opposite. They never show it. They should show it because nobody is showing up to watch Barack Hussein Obama. See the red lights? See those red lights or all those red lights? That means you're on live. Are you ready?

Donald Trump: Oh, they just turned them off because I was insulting. Look, they just went off. Can you believe it? You know they're tormented, the fake news, they're tormented. In one way -- in one way they have to have it on because it's ratings. It's big, big beautiful ratings. In another way, CNN hates when I say CNN is fake, corrupt news.

Donald Trump: They hate it. So you'll see it go on and off a little bit. No, they just turned off. Did you see that? Boom. Anytime I start talking they sort of say "Now let's go to a commercial break now, please." No, they're tormented because they want the ratings. Without it they get terrible ratings. They want the ratings.

Donald Trump: They're fantastic ratings, but at the same time they don't want to be talked about in a bad manner, right? But you have to talk about it because they're corrupt. They have to report the news. They are the enemy of the people. They really are. They're the enemy of the people. For generations, America's destiny was made and forged and won in places like Bethlehem and Bristol, Scranton, and by the way he has nothing to do with Scranton, Altoona, Easton and Allentown.

Donald Trump: They were tough, American men and strong, American women who gave their hearts, sweat and soul for their families, their country, and for freedom. We stand on the shoulders of the Pennsylvania patriots who fought the battles, mined the coal, worked the assembly lines, loaded the rail cars, poured the steel that built the middle class.

Donald Trump: It built the middle class, raised up our great skyscrapers, laid down the battleships, won two world wars, defeated fascism and communism, and made America into the single greatest nation in the history of the world and the best is yet to come, right? Proud citizens like you helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country.

Donald Trump: We are returning power to you, the American people. With your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working. We are going to keep on fighting. And we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God, and together with the incredible people of Pennsylvania, we have made America powerful again, our military.

Donald Trump: Our military. We have made America wealthy again, our stock market. Your 401ks, let's keep them up there. Don't throw them away in two years and you'll say "Huh, the president told -- the previous president told me that was gonna happen." I don't think that's gonna happen. Your 401ks are hitting records.

Donald Trump: Does anybody have a 401k? We have made America strong again. We have made America proud again. We have made America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you, Pennsylvania. Go and vote. Thank you.