Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-campaign-rally-omaha-nebraska-october-27-2020

Donald Trump: That's a lot of people. Look at that. That's incredible. I hope the fake news media is turning their cameras way, way back there. That's incredible. Hello, Omaha. And I have to also say, because a lot of people are here from Iowa. Hello, Iowa. Okay, wait a minute. Who's from Iowa? Go. Who's from Omaha?

Donald Trump: You know what? We're going to be in Iowa soon. We'll do that one separately, huh? That's a big difference. Seven days from now we're going to win Nebraska and we're going to win four more years in the great White House, that beautiful, beautiful White House. This is -- look at this. I can't believe this. 29,000 people, can you believe it? 29,000. You know, we have to win both Nebraskas, you know that, right?

Donald Trump: You have two, you cut. We're going to win both. This election is a choice between the Trump super recovery which is what we're having or a Biden depression, sad to say. Some bad news just came out on Biden, but I won't tell you about that. You'll find that out tomorrow. Ha, ha, ha. Don't worry, we'll get there.

Donald Trump: Man, that's something. Biden has pledged the biggest tax hike in the history of our country. First man that I've ever seen campaign on the fact, "I'm going to raise your taxes." What's going on? I gave working families record setting tax cuts and in my second term I will cut middle class taxes very substantially more.

Donald Trump: And by the way, a lot of things are going on. You're seeing those poll numbers are going through the roof. I hate to tell. Where is the fake news? It's over there? Oh, that's a lot of cameras. No, it's going up. They're very concerned. They're very, very concerned. All over. Florida's looking great. Now, Nebraska we know is looking great, okay?

Donald Trump: I mean in theory I didn't really have to be here, but it's nice to be with your friends, too. With your vote, we will continue to bring back our jobs, support our police, defend our second amendment which is under siege. Secure our borders, maintain American energy independence, expand school choice, and insure more products are proudly stamped with the phrase, that beautiful phrase, beautiful phrase, "Made in the USA." Right?

Donald Trump: I will deliver record prosperity, epic job growth, and a safe vaccine that eradicates the virus that quickly ends the pandemic, and we're making that final turn. They don't want to hear it. We're making that turn. You know that, right? We're going to have the vaccine, anyway, with or without it, we're making the turn.

Donald Trump: Normal life will fully resume. That's all we want. We want normal life. Normal life. Go back seven months. We'll take normal life. Greatest economy we ever had. We want normal life. And next year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our country. That's where we're headed. [Inaudible] Joe Biden doesn't even respect you enough to campaign.

Donald Trump: He never came here, right? Did he come here? Oh, all right, so that's the end of that. I'll see you guys. Moments ago we learned about the other reason Joe Biden has been hiding in his basement. In a national television interview, do you want me to tell you the rest? The Biden family's business partner revealed shocking, disturbing, and explosive information about Joe Biden's corrupt and illicit foreign business dealings while he was vice president.

Donald Trump: The business partner made clear that Biden's denial of involvement and his son's corrupt business dealings was a blatant lie with proof. He stated, with firsthand knowledge, that Vice President Biden was directly involved and personally involved in establishing corrupt business dealing with China and getting money for it.

Donald Trump: This all happened at the same time as Biden was letting China steal American jobs and plunder American wealth, you saw that for eight years. If Biden wins, China wins, and China will own the USA. If Biden wins, he will do bad things. By the way, he's not a good guy, just so you understand. Is there any place you would rather be then a Trump rally on about a ten degree evening?

Donald Trump: Ten degree. It's cold out here, but that's okay. You know, we just left Wisconsin, it was cold. And we left Michigan, it was cold and raining. And I said "I won't put on a hat, because I'm gonna show you how tough we are." That was a tough one. It's -- it was pouring -- it was pouring, and it was freezing.

Donald Trump: And it's the coldest right here, right? To tell you -- well, it's a little later. It's an honor to be with you, I have to say. When we win, you win, Nebraska wins, and all of America wins, and that's the way we're [Inaudible]. Joe Biden spent the last 47 years -- think of it, 47 -- 47 years, outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless, foreign, ridiculous wars.

Donald Trump: Countries you've never even heard of. In 2016, Nebraska voted to fire this corrupt political establishment, and you elected an outsider as president, who finally put America first! And if I don't sound like a typical Washington politician, it's because I'm not a politician. If I don't always play by the rules of the Washington establishment, it's because I was elected to fight for you.

Donald Trump: And I fought harder for you then any president who's ever held this wonderful, beautiful office, that I can tell you. This election is a matter of economic survival, for Omaha, and for communities all across our country. Joe Biden's agenda -- and, I'm not sure it's really Biden's agenda, let's face it. It's not his agenda.

Donald Trump: It sounds nice, Biden's agenda -- the guy's shot. He's shot. He's so gonzo, you saw him yesterday, you took him away. I was in Pennsylvania with these tremendous, like, crowds like this, and tremendous rallies, and he had the lid on, right? You know, the lid, like from a garbage can, they call it the lid.

Donald Trump: And it -- they saw what was happening, 'cause I went to three of them. I did three of them yesterday in Pennsylvania, so, he went from Delaware to the closest point where Pennsylvania hits Delaware, which is about five minutes away from his basement. And he made a speech. Just before that, he called me George.

Donald Trump: He said "George," I think he was talking about George Harold. And his wife was sitting next to him, and see -- you could see she was not happy. But it's hard to correct him. You know, the camera's on, but he called me George. And then he did the, uh, little speech. And, it wasn't good. They sort of just moved him out.

Donald Trump: They took him away. His own people brushed him off, they took him off stage. This is not what you can have. You know, we have the greatest country in the world, we have move potential then any country in the world, we can't play games. We can't play games. So the democrats, let's say the democrats, the radical left democrats -- they have an extreme agenda, he's just a vehicle, he'll be there for about four weeks or so, and then you'll have Kamala.

Donald Trump: Kamala. That's not gonna be -- that will not be the first woman president. You're gonna have a woman president, maybe soon -- maybe soon, but you're not gonna have Kamala. Can't be Kamala. She's further left, by far, then crazy Bernie. You know, Bernie is like a conservative compared to her. But Biden's extreme agenda includes a radical vision to destroy suburbs across our nation.

Donald Trump: How are your suburbs doing? Don't ask. Are they good? They won't be good for long, if they get in. And to completely dismantle law enforcement and cripple police departments nationwide. You know what's going on. You see it better than anybody. You don't have to take my word for it. Biden's plan to destroy suburbs and police. Roll the tape. We do this for you on this freezing cold night. [Begin Video]

Unidentified: The suburbs today are not the suburbs of half a century ago. The suburbs are far more diverse than the cities. But they're being targeted. Being targeted for what? Federalized, centralized government control by the left. Democrats want to abolish the suburbs. They are too clean, and nice, and therefore by definition they are racist.

Unidentified: The Biden campaign has highly specific plans on how to do this. It's called affirmatively furthering fair housing. It's a HUD regulation. It was written during the Obama administration. Biden's advisors plan to enforce it. Towns say he ordered to abolish zoning for single family housing, because single family homes, needless to say, are racist.

Unidentified: Low income federally subsidized apartments will go up in the suburbs.

Joe Biden: We'll also build 1.5 million new energy efficient homes in public housing units.

Unidentified: Thankfully, Trump's repealed this rule back in July. But now the left is backing an even more radical plan. It was a bill put forward by senator Cory Booker to push low income housing developments into the suburbs. This would be a federal takeover of local zoning laws, in essence. And Biden? He fully supports it.

Donald Trump: The prior administration piled up more than 600 major new regulations, a cruel and punishing regulatory burden that cost the average American an additional $2,300 per year. Think of that. The average American, $2,300. Regulation. Hitting low income Americans by far the hardest. Our historic regulatory relief is providing the average American household an extra $3,100 every single year.

Unidentified: I had the luxury of enjoying the benefit of the tax cut. The tax cuts allowed me to grow my businesses.

Unidentified: I believe that if you take into account the Trump tax cut, you take into account the drop in unemployment, and particularly unemployment for African Americans, the lowest it's ever been in history --

Unidentified: How's the economy right now?

Unidentified: We're loving it.

Unidentified: Kennedy credits the Trump tax cuts and deregulation for her company's growth.

Unidentified: It's the first time in 10 years that it's booming again.

Unidentified: The tax cuts that, uh, were imposed did wonders for the, the middle class.

Donald Trump: I will cut taxes even further for hard working moms and dads. I will not raise taxes, I will cut them.

Joe Biden: First thing I'd do is going to repeal this Trump tax cut.

Unidentified: Do you believe there is systemic racism in law enforcement?

Unidentified: Absolutely.

Unidentified: I've been a police officer for nearly 32 years. Joe Biden does not have the backs of police officers.

Unidentified: Joe Biden's staffers, they gave money to a fund to help bail out accused criminals.

Unidentified: Joe Biden's silence is encouraging the rioters.

Unidentified: Kamala Harris is working to help the instigators, the criminals get out of jail.

Unidentified: If Joe Biden's elected, it's just going to continue.

Unidentified: Everyone beware, because they're not going to stop.

Unidentified: The only folks who has defended the police is Trump.

Joe Biden: I have had overwhelming support from police my whole career, up until this year.

Unidentified: We can reduce the responsibilities assigned to the police and redirect some of the funding for police. Can we agree that we can redirect some of the funding?

Joe Biden: Yes. A -- absolutely.

Unidentified: In Joe Biden's America, we'll all be in danger.

Unidentified: If you support the police, and you want to be safe in your home, and you want your children safe, support Donald Trump.

Donald Trump: [End Video] Thank you. Thank you very much. Well, that's pretty effective. You know what that cost to bring to you, tonight? [Audience chants "Four more years"] Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Pretty effective, right?

Donald Trump: You see it. It saves me a lot of words. I can sit here, watch. I say, "See?" Nah, he's not the right guy. He's not the right guy. He's not right for this country. He's not, he's not the guy for this country. This election is a choice between the American dream, which is what we want, and a socialist nightmare, which is where you would head if you ever did that, which I don't believe you'll do.

Donald Trump: It's a choice between a Trump boom and a Biden lockdown. He wants to lock it all down. Nope. We close it up, we understand the disease. It's a terrible thing. Should never have been allowed to come here from China, should never have been allowed. Joe Biden will delay the vaccine, postpone therapies, prolong the pandemic, shutter your schools, right?

Donald Trump: Shutter your schools, destroy your small businesses, and shut down our country. We're not doing that. Look, we are setting records. 11.4 million people, it's all opened up. We understand it, and we are doing a job. We are literally setting records, unemployment, look at housing, look at automobile production, look at how you're doing in Nebraska.

Donald Trump: Look at how you're doing in Nebraska. Biden even wants to lockdown young and healthy Americans, yet for those under the age of 50, I hate to say this, yon -- under the age of 50 -- How many are under the age of 50? Pretty young. Well, I have good news for you. 99.99, okay? You know what that means? That means you're in good shape.

Donald Trump: That's what that means. But you notice the fake news now, right? All they talk about is COVID, COVID, COVID, COVID, COVID. And we've made such progress it's incredible. Excuse me. I'm here. I -- I'm here. Right? I mean, I wasn't exactly feeling great. It's been a long time. I wasn't exactly feeling great, and I met with, uh, great doctors.

Donald Trump: One thing when you're president you got plenty of doctors. We have one of 'em here tonight, I think, right? We have our great White House doctors traveling. Sean has become very famous. Where is Sean? He's become -- Oh, is that Sean? Look at Sean. Look at him. Wow. You know, he's got a big ego. He loves it when I mention his name.

Donald Trump: No, he's a great doctor, and they were great doctors from Johns Hopkins and from Walter Reed and everything else. And, uh, what we know today is like so different than what we knew six months ago. Incredible. The progress they've made and with the vaccines, which are coming immediately, even without, we're turning that corner.

Donald Trump: You know, at some point, we're turning that corner, and it's been pretty amazing. Uh, Florida had a rough time. Boom. It's ste -- back. It's all the way down. Texas, all the way down. Arizona, great governors, all the way down. Biden's cruel and senseless lockdowns would cause countless deaths from suicide, drug overdose, and delayed medical care, alcohol.

Donald Trump: I mean, so many, so many different problems. Remember that saying, "The cure cannot be worse than the problem itself"? That's what you have. When I banned travel from China, remember, he said -- Now he says, "Oh, we should have done it sooner." Except, when I banned it, for two and half months he said, "He shouldn't do that.

Donald Trump: He's xenophobic," right? And now he says, oh, I should've done it earlier. And he had a thing called the swine flu. It was a disaster, much less lethal. He was a -- It was a disaster. He was a disaster. He's still a disaster, actually. If we listened to Joe countless more people would've died. They were anticipating it could be 2.2 million.

Donald Trump: You don't hear that, 2.2 million, and you know the number, it's sti -- One is too many, as far as I'm concerned. One is too many. It shouldn't have happened. One is too many. But it could've been 2.2, it could've more than that. Biden was willing to sacrifice your lives on the altar of open borders. He wants open borders.

Donald Trump: Without borders, you don't have -- Without borders, you don't have a country. By the way, the wall is now over 400 miles long and we're building 10 miles a week, and it's very soon going to be finished, so we have the strongest Southern border we've ever had. And we want people to come into our country, but they have to come in legally and they have to come in through merit.

Donald Trump: Merit. Biden has no plan, no idea, no clue. He has no clue, that's for sure, and he just wants to lock up and throw away the keys, letting rioters and looters run wild. And you know what's interesting? They call 'em peaceful protesters. They burn down your cities, they do things that nobody's seen before, all in radical, left, Democrat-run cities and states, but cities, all of 'em, all of 'em.

Donald Trump: And every time we go in -- We were going to Seattle. We let them know we're coming in. The night before we came in, they gave up. They left. They took over a piece of Seattle. That wasn't gonna last. Minneapolis, the same thing. We went into Minneapolis. We went in. You know, we have to be asked in theory by the state.

Donald Trump: We went into Minneapolis and it all ended. It took about, what do you think? Twenty-five minutes or so. It was just, boom, right down the street. No, you know, the Republican-run cities are doing very well, the Republican-run cities, and I hope you agree 'cause I know he's here, but you have a very good Republican governor.

Donald Trump: You do know that, right? Whoa! Listen to that. Good, good. Hi, Pete. Good. Pete, I'm glad they did that. You know I wanted to do the -- Otherwise, I just wouldn't introduce you later. You know, I'll keep it quiet? They like you, Pete. The Biden plan will crush you and crush your family. My plan will crush the virus and you will see economic benefits like we've never seen in our country before.

Donald Trump: That's where we're headed. When the China plague arrived, we moved heaven and earth to fight the disease. We airlifted medical supplies, pioneered groundbreaking therapies, reduced the fatality rate 85%, think of that, and saved over two million lives. Our excess mortality rate has been 42% less than Europe.

Donald Trump: You hear about Europe, 42% less, much better than Europe. I'm working to make the breakthrough treatment that I received. I did. I had this thing called Regeneron. I don't know. I'd like to say it had nothing to do. I'd like to say my immune system is just like Barron Trump. You know? The First Lady had it.

Donald Trump: I had it. Barron had it. They said, "Sir, Barron has tested positive." Like, 12 minutes later, I said, "How's Barron doing?" "Oh, he's okay now, sir. He threw it away." He just took that and threw it away, you know. A young one that has strong immune systems, but I'd like to say the treatment didn't do anything for me.

Donald Trump: Doctor, did you hear that? Didn't do -- I just threw it away like Barron, but you know what? I wasn't gonna take my chance. I said, "You have something? Give it to me." And it was effective 'cause I woke up the next morning after being with these doctors -- They wanted to touch every single part of your body, and I didn't like it.

Donald Trump: Twelve of them. Each one was a specialist, right? Every single one, but they were great. No, they were great. But, I woke up the next morning and I w -- I'll tell you, I felt like, "Get me out of here." It was amazing. So, I really think this thing was great. It's great. I think it was great. And you know, I don't have the luxury of staying in a basement.

Donald Trump: I'm president of the United States. I don't. I can't be staying. I really can't. You can't stay. I had a lot of meetings. I meet a lot of people. As president, I have that obligation, so -- We have basements in the White House I could stay. We have beautiful bedrooms upstairs at the White House I could stay for a year and a half.

Donald Trump: I can't do that. I have to be working for you, and if something happens, it happens, and I get -- You know, they came in, they said, "Uh, sir, you've tested positive." I said, "Tested positive for what?" Then you go into one of the 27 different names: Corona, this, this, this, China virus. The China plague.

Donald Trump: The China plague. That's what I tested positive for, but it was amazing and it was actually an experience, and until I came along, you were supposed to have lifetime immunity, right? I said, "Well, you know, I'm recovered. I feel great," and I'm immune. I could jump right into this row and I could kiss every man and woman.

Donald Trump: But because it was me, the press said, "No, it's not for a lifetime. It's only for four months. The immunity is only now for four months." They brought it down, right? It was always gonna be for a lifetime, now it's four months. So, what are you gonna do? What are you gonna do? It's one of those things, but I guarantee you this: On November 4th, you won't be hearing as much about this.

Donald Trump: It's gonna be -- Right now, it's -- it's COVID, COVID, COVID, no matter what happens, COVID, COVID, and on November 4th, you'll probably try and find some information about it. No, we're rounding the turn. We're rounding that beautiful turn and it's gonna be very good. The vaccines all gonna make it go away a lot faster, and they're gonna be great.

Donald Trump: The greatest companies, the greatest companies of their kind in the world, they're doing it really good. Johnson & Johnson, Moderna -- They really are great -- Pfizer. Thanks to our relentless efforts, 97% of all current emergency room visits are for something other than the virus. Think of that, 97%. We're in great shape.

Donald Trump: And in the one areas, uh, Midwest, a little areas in the Midwest, certain areas that are heated up right now. They'll go down. They'll go down very quickly. They'll be down within two weeks, they're figuring. They'll go down, just like they did in Florida, Texas, Arizona, and so many others. We're on track to deliver 100 million doses of a safe vaccine and a great vaccine, and that's all set.

Donald Trump: We're all set logistically, our military is gonna deliver it. It'll be done very quickly. We will vanquish the vaccine and we will get rid of this whole thing. We will get rid of this virus. It'll be very -- You watch, it's going to happen very quickly and we're going to have our country back, and the whole world is gonna be coming back.

Donald Trump: This was a terrible, terrible thing that happened. Terrible thing that happened. Terrible thing that happened. Joe Biden has made a corrupt bargain exchange for his party's nomination. He has handed control of his party over to the rage-filled socialist, Marxist, and left-wing extremist. And could we put another name in there, starts with a C? Communist, yes [Laughs]. You know, we got a couple of them too, unfortunately.

Donald Trump: If Biden wins, the flag-burning extremists on the streets will be running your government. It's not gonna happen. By the way, by the way, just so you know, we are so far. You, listen to the fakers back there. Look at them. You listen to the fake news. We are so far ahead. [Audience boos] This is gonna be bigger than four years ago.

Donald Trump: By the way, get out and vote. You gotta, that's the only thing. I mean, I'm standing here freezing. I ask you one little favor, get the hell out and vote. The great red wave. At least you're down there with each other. I'm all up here, and that wind is blowing and -- This election day, you must stop the entire American radicals.

Donald Trump: And really, I mean, that's what they are. They're radicals. We can solve these problems so quickly if the governments would just say, "Will you please come in, federal government?" We stop it in a matter of minutes. It goes so fast. The radicals delivering Joe Biden, you have to do this. You have to deliver them a message, the far left, a thundering defeat at the ballot box on November 3rd.

Donald Trump: It's gotta be a big one, we've gotta win big, and we're gonna win big. You know? I, watching them and they're getting -- Like three weeks ago, I don't know, they were doing these fake polls and they felt very good. And then a week ago, they were feeling okay. They're not feeling so good right now. They're saying, "These are not good numbers." Was that one of the greatest evenings ever, four years ago?

Donald Trump: And you know the difference is, and I say this is easier, there's more s -- Look at this crowd. I mean, we had big crowds. We'd never had crowds like this. Look at this crowd. 29,000. You have -- You know you have 29 -- You have 29,000 people in Omaha, that's pretty good. And you're all on television.

Donald Trump: Say, "Hello." You're on national television. See all the red lights? That means the cameras are going. That means those cameras are going. 29,000 people, they say. 29,000. Yeah. You know who was smoked today? President Barack Hussein Obama. [Audience boos] He had 12 people in seven cars. Did you hear, though?

Donald Trump: No, he draws, he draws flies. I've never seen -- He draws -- He had no, he had no people. I thought he'd have some people, and he brought Bon Jovi along. You know what happened to Bon Jovi? They increased the crowd by 22 people. Can you believe it? And then Joe spoke and that crowd left and we have 29,000 people here.

Donald Trump: And we had a tremendous crowd in Mexico, and a tremendous crowd in Wisconsin. And they're trying to figure out like, "If Trump is getting these crowds and a Biden's getting like 12 people," you know, the circles. He fills out the circles, they got like five of them. And a lot of times they put reporters in there 'cause they have no people.

Donald Trump: But today, he tried to blame that on COVID also. He said, "No, no, we don't seek large crowds, because we wanna, because of the, the virus." Right? They don't want the large crowd. That's not the reason. Okay? Just, that's not the reason. It's a hell of an excuse, but it's [Laughs] not the reason. We're thrilled to be joined by the man we were just talking about.

Donald Trump: He's a friend of mine. He loves his state, he loves his country, and he's a great governor. Pete Ricketts. Pete great job. Great job. What a good guy. What a good man and -- How's your state doing, Pete?

Pete Ricketts: Wonderful [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: All right, good. How are we doing? By the way, we're going to be okay her, right? He says good. Good. Thank you very much, Pete. And his brother Todd, another one. Really good. Now there's only two people the are better, Joe and Marlene. Now Todd is great, but they will both admit, Joe and Marlene are better, right? And you're here. Hi Joe. I like the hat. Hi Joe. [Laughs] You got to be proud of your boys, they're doing a great job.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Great family. Here as well are senators Deb Fischer, who's fantastic. She is my favorite senator from the State of Nebraska, by far. By far. She's fantastic. She is fa -- I'll tell you what, she calls me, it doesn't stop. Between her and Joanie Ernst fer -- from Iowa, who I think is here.

Donald Trump: Where's Joanie? Joanie. Joanie. They call, "Sir we need help with ethanol. Sir, we need help with corn. We need -- " It's always -- But you know what? That's what a great senator -- That's what a great representative is supposed to do, right? Joanie, thank you very much, and I hope you're doing very well.

Donald Trump: I just saw some very nice numbers. And Deb, you don't have to worry about numbers, right? You don't have to worry about numbers. I'm with you all the time. Thank you both. And, uh, yeah. It looks very good in Iowa. Thank you very much. Good. And representatives Jeff Fortenberry, a warrior. Where's Jeff? Thank you Jeff.

Donald Trump: Great, great guy. Don Bacon. Wow. Wow. Well, I him too, but I don't know if I like him that much. That's very good. I'll tell you, you better get me Omaha. Do you understand that? It's just -- Now I know. I wouldn't have asked it, but I'm going to say, "Make sure we win this side too." Right? Good. How we doing Don?

Donald Trump: I hear good, huh? That good? I'm very impressed. That's about as good as I've heard in a long time. And Adrian Smith. [Inaudible]. Great. Great job. Great job. Great to have you here. That's a great group of people, and these are warriors. They fought with me a lot. They fought with me. We just -- We, we, we keep winning over there, but it's not easy, right?

Donald Trump: But we get -- It gets easier and easier all the time. Thank you very much. I appreciate it. For decades, our politicians spent trillions and trillions of dollars rebuilding foreign nations, fighting foreign wars, and defending foreign borders. But now we are finally protecting our nation, rebuilding our cities, and we are building our jobs, our factories, and our troops back home to the U.S.A. Our troops are coming home. [Audience chants "USA"] Thank you.

Donald Trump: No, our troops are coming back home. It's enough. 19 years in Afghanistan, and we have it worked, and they're coming home. And it's a great thing. And they're home from Syria. They're home. I left some because we kept the oil, if you don't mind. It was the oil. We captured it, we kept it. And, uh, coming home from Iraq.

Donald Trump: It's enough. It's enough. We want to have a have them all home. We have a lot of other countries, too. We're in many, many, many countries. Most of which you've never even heard of. Right? You've never even heard of, it's ridiculous. I ended the -- And by the way, making our military stronger by far than ever before.

Donald Trump: I ended the NAFTA nightmare, and proudly signed the brand new USMCA, which is turning out to be phenomenal. It's a great deal. It's a great deal. Just kicked in now. And you know what? Companies will not be leaving Nebraska, and Iowa, and all of our places. There's a very big disincentive for them to do that.

Donald Trump: When China targeted our farmers, I delivered $28 billion to our incredible farmers here in Nebraska, and Iowa, and all across the country. Don't forget to tell the people of Iowa that, please. $28 billion. I said to the Secretary Sonny Perdue, of Agriculture, you know. Sonny is great. I said, "Sonny, how much were the farmers targeted?" And he said, "$12 billion sir, and $16 billion, two years. 12 and 16." I said, "28? Good." So I tariffed $28 billion, took it from China and distributed it to our farmers.

Donald Trump: Nobody else, nobody else is going to do that. In fact, some people say our farmers do better now than they did when they actually had a farm. [Laughs] But, we did. We had the biggest order of corn two weeks ago in the history of our country, the biggest order of soybeans, and the biggest beef order, right?

Donald Trump: Two weeks ago. Two weeks ago. Joe Biden's running mate, the most liberal member of the US Senate -- [Audience Boos] You know who that is, right? [Audience Boos] Sponsors the insane Green New Deal. [Audience Boos] $100 trillion. You, too, can have no windows in your buildings. Which would wipe out the ethanol industry, Joanie.

Donald Trump: It would totally wipe out that industry. We worked hard at that industry, and they're now in good shape, devastating Nebraska and devastating Iowa. As president, I will always defend ethanol, okay? All right? Does Nebraska like ethanol, too, by the way? Okay, good. I want to just -- I need that little assurance.

Donald Trump: I need that little bit of assurance. Under my leadership, we achieved the most secure border in US history, our southern border, largely because of the wall. My opponent's insane immigration plan would completely eliminate US borders. Open borders, they want to have. Let's have open borders, so everyone -- [Audience Boos] -- can just pour in, like they used to.

Donald Trump: He would make every community into a sanctuary city for violent criminals. [Audience Boos] So, we invested $2.5 trillion, a lot of it right here from this and from, Joanie, from Iowa, $2.5 trillion, new equipment. Our military is in the best shape it's ever been in. We have the greatest equipment anywhere in the world.

Donald Trump: We are the envy of every other country, Russia, China, North Korea. We have the best missiles, and rockets, and tanks, and planes, and fighter jets, F-35s, submarines, and our nuclear weapons are now renovated, and/or new, and fixed, and we only hope to God we never have to use them. Hope to God. Our military was very, uh, much in bad shape.

Donald Trump: It was depleted. It was depleted. It was exhausted. It was ridiculous. We killed the leader of ISIS, Al-Baghdadi. They were looking for him for a long -- And, we took out the world's top terrorist. Soleimani is dead. I withdrew from the last administrations disastrous and ridiculous Iran Nuclear Deal, $150 billion we paid, we paid for nothing, and $1.8 billion in cash.

Donald Trump: I'm more impressed with that. What do you think, Pop? I think I'm more impre -- One fif -- 150 billion or 1.8 billion in cash? I think I'm more impressed with the cash. You ever hear of a thing like that? That's what we gave to Iran for nothing. We got nothing. [Audience Boos] I recognized the true capital of Israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem.

Donald Trump: I also recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights. Think of that. They worked on that for 52 years. I got it done in two hours. Instead of never-ending wars in the Middle East, you see what's happening? Already, three countries that we have five lined up, and we're going to have another. It's going to be, it's an easy one.

Donald Trump: It's a lot easier than you would think. They worked on this for 35 years. They had the wrong people. They had the wrong concepts, but, uh, you know, I got nominated for three Nobel Peace prizes. Can you believe it? Can you believe it? And, for all different regions, like Kosovo and Serbia were doing deals, you know, trade deals, just normally, were doing trade deals.

Donald Trump: I said, "Wait a minute, or aren't they always fighting each other?" Yeah. "Aren't they always killing each other?" Yeah. For many decades, sir. How did you know? I said, "I know they're killing, yeah, they fight each other all the time. Tell them we're not going to do any business with them. They want our business, right?

Donald Trump: And, we're not going to do any business, unless we make a deal where they stop killing each other." You know what? It took about 20 minutes. They've been fighting for 40 years. I think they'd been fighting for 400 years, you want to know the truth, but they've been fighting for a long time. They want to make a deal.

Donald Trump: All of a sudden, two months ago, they're in the Oval Office, hugging, the two prime mini -- hugging, and kissing, and [Inaudible] -- That was easy, Joe, right? That was easy. It just makes sense. I just said, "Hey, why don't we get them together? I mean, we're going to do these two deals. Tell them to stop fighting, and we save a lot of lives.

Donald Trump: That's a good thing." But we're forging peace in the Middle East without blood all over the sand and we're not spending money doing it either, it's something very nice, is we're pulling out. A vote for republicans is a vote for the American dream, it's a vote for acknowledgment that Abraham Lincoln was a republican, is that nice?

Donald Trump: People don't know that, a lot of people don't know that. So in conclusion, over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world. And we will end our reliance on China, and that's already begun largely already begun. We will hire more police, increase penalties for assaults on law enforcement, and we will ban deadly sanctuary cities.

Donald Trump: We will defend religious liberty, free speech, the right to life and the right to keep and bear arms. We will maintain America's unrivaled military might, and we will ensure peace through strength, and that's what we have now with what we have. We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency that's bigger than healthcare, you watch already signed, kicks in on January 1. Lower drug prices even more, we signed Favored Nations, that means we're gonna get the lowest price anywhere in the world, right now we're by far the highest.

Donald Trump: And we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions. America will land the first woman on the moon, and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars, and NASA is the number one space center anywhere in the world. Again, it was a mess three and a half years ago. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education to our school.

Donald Trump: We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag. And we will live by the timeless words of our national motto, In God we trust. For years you had a president who apologized to America, now you have a president who is standing up for America, and standing up for the great people of Nebraska and Iowa.

Donald Trump: So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, and get your coworkers, get your boss and say, "Boss, get out of here, boss, get out and vote, you got to vote. The red wave is coming, the great red wave." Now we're doing very well, those early ballots, you know the whole ballot hoax, you see what's going on, there's so much -- so many bad things happening, but we're doing very well.

Donald Trump: You know, we're supposed to be a little behind and they were a little bit above right? But that wave comes and now we go to the front of everything, I think we're going to win everything. We didn't come this far and fight this hard to surrender our country back to the corrupt Washington swamp. So on November 3, we must finish the job that we started, we have done a job like nobody.

Donald Trump: There has been no administration, nobody but -- and it's us all together. There has been no administration has done in the first three and a half years what this administration has done, not even close, not even close. Not even close, from Norfolk to Hastings, from Grand Island to Lincoln, and from Scotts Bluff to right here in Omaha, we inherit the legacy of Nebraska patriots who gave their blood, sweat, and tears for this beloved nation.

Donald Trump: We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who crossed the ocean, settled a continent, tamed the wilderness, laid down the railroads, raised up the great skyscrapers, won two world wars, defeated fascism and communism, and made America the single greatest nation in the history of the world, and the best is yet to come. [Audience chants "USA"] Proud citizens like you helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country.

Donald Trump: We are returning power to you, the American people. With your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working. We are going to keep on fighting. And we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. And together with the incredible people of Nebraska, and Iowa, we have made America powerful again.

Donald Trump: We have made America wealthy again. We have made America strong again. We have made America proud again. We have made America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you Nebraska. Thank you Iowa. Thank you both. Thank you. Get out and vote.