Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-campaign-rally-freeland-michigan-september-10-2020

Donald Trump: We brought you a lot of car plants, Michigan. We brought you a lot of car plants. You know that, right? Long time. It's been a long time since you had all these plants being built, but we brought you a lot over the last three and a half years and we're going to bring you a lot more. That's happening. Hello, Michigan.

Donald Trump: And I'm thrilled to be in Freeland, with thousands of loyal, hardworking American patriots. 54 days from now we're going to win Michigan and we're going to win four more years in the White House. This is the most important election in the history of our country. Joe Biden devoted his career to offshoring Michigan's jobs.

Donald Trump: Outsourcing -- out -- it's, uh, we shouldn't be smiling about it, but we've changed it around. Outsourcing Michigan's factories, throwing open your borders, dragging us into endless foreign wars, and surrendering our children's future to China and other faraway lands. Biden supported every disastrous globalist sell out for over a half a century, including NAFTA, China, and TPP, you know that.

Donald Trump: Joe Biden surrendered your jobs to China, and now he wants to surrender our country to the violent left-wing mob and you're seeing that every night. If Biden wins, China wins. If Biden wins, the mob wins. If Biden wins, the rioters, anarchists, arsonists, and flag burners win. But I wouldn't worry about it because he's not winning.

Donald Trump: I don't think he's winning. [Audience chants "Four more years"] You know this is not the crowd of a person who comes in second place, you do know that. The same thing happened four years ago. It was election eve, but by the time I got here it was late, some of you were in that audience at one o'clock in the morning, now Election Day.

Donald Trump: We had 32,000 people show up, and the reason I went is that I heard that Crooked Hillary Clinton, Bill Clinton, and Barack Hussein Obama were traveling to Michigan because they heard they had problems. They were supposed to win Michigan, but they did such a lousy job that they had to come and get some votes and they came and I heard about it.

Donald Trump: They said, "Sir, could you do it?", and I hopped in the plane we landed at 12 o'clock in the evening I started speaking at one o'clock in the morning, now Election Day, 32,000, she had 500 people. I said, "Why are we going to lose Michigan?", and we didn't, and we didn't. First time in a long time, but now we're up in the polls we just saw polls were up in Michigan.

Donald Trump: I don't know if that's good or bad. I don't know. I don't know if that's good or bad, because in all those polls where we were down last time, we won, so maybe we're better off being down a little bit. Hello, John James, I see you, handsome guy. John James, get out and vote for John. I'm going to introduce you in a second John James.

Donald Trump: What a job you've done. You know I have to tell you, he took -- I saw this group of people, they were running, all nice people, three very rich people and one guy that was John James and I saw them all, right. I saw them all and I said, wait. You know with the wonderful invention of TiVo, one of the greats.

Donald Trump: You can play it back, I said, "Who was that?" They said, "I don't know, sir." I said, "Play it back." I said, "That man is going to be a star." It was John James. And that was in the Republican primary and after learning about him with his incredible career and helicopter and he's a great -- and actually a great flier, I heard the other day a great one.

Donald Trump: A really good one, as opposed to those that aren't so good, but his incredible background and education at West Point and all of the things he did, I said, this guy -- and I endorsed him and he went like a rocketship and frankly, if he had a little more support, he would've won the last time and this time I hear you're even and maybe even ahead, and we're going to win for John James.

Donald Trump: And he's a great guy, but I'm going to introduce him in a second. I'm running for re-election, to keep jobs in Michigan, and we have got a lot of -- You know last year before the China plague came in, we have the China plague. Thank you, China, very much, should've never let that happen. They should have never ever let it happen.

Donald Trump: They stopped it from going into China, but they didn't stop it from coming out here and coming into the U.S and Europe and the rest of the world, 188 countries, but it is what it is, and we're not happy about it, and we're going to remember it, we're going to remember it. But we had in Michigan and in the country, the greatest economy in the history of the world.

Donald Trump: There has never been an economy like that. And now we're building it again and it's being built fast and by the way, it's turning out to be John, a super V, no more V. Now it's turning out to be a super V. But to put violent criminals behind bars and to ensure the future belongs to America, not to China, because if we win, America wins, and that's what it's about.

Donald Trump: If we win, America win. Not only does Joe Biden want to eliminate your jobs, he wants to eliminate your borders, he's promised to flood your state with refugees, and you know that as well as I do, and you see it all the time, from terrorist hotspots around the world, including Syria, Somalia, and Yemen. Biden has pledged to have a 700% increase.

Donald Trump: He made this deal with Crazy Bernie, a 700% increase in the flow of refugees. So he wants to lift it up by 700%. This is in their manifesto. He's also pledged to terminate all national security travel bans, overwhelming your state with poorly vetted migrants from jihadist regions. Making matters worse, he would open the floodgates in the middle of a pandemic and by the way, the wall over 311 miles long right now, doing very well.

Donald Trump: Doing very well. Make the mic louder. The mic, louder. [Audience chants "Build the wall'] Biden is waging war against the American middle class. I think most of you are not middle class, you're upper class, you're the elite. You know the way they talk about the elite? The elite, they're really elite. I see them, they're not elite, you're the elite.

Donald Trump: You're the elite. The elite has decided. Boy, have we heard the elite, haven't we? You're the super-elite. The left wants to get rid of me, so they can come after you, it's very simple. Over the last three and a half years, we've secured America's borders, blocked the entry of foreign terrorists, fix our disastrous trade deals, and we have fixed our trade deals good.

Donald Trump: They are good. In fact, Biden was interviewed today on there, they are CNN. Now he was just interviewed today. He was interviewed by Jake Tapper, who's I find to be a nice guy. I don't think he likes me too much, but that's OK. He was interviewed on CNN and they said, "Which is better NAFTA or the USMCA?" He said, "No, No, the USMCA." and Tapper goes, "What?", he couldn't believe it.

Donald Trump: He said USMCA. He made a mistake from his perspective. He made a mistake because he doesn't know what's going on, even though he's right, he doesn't know. They we're a little surprised to hear that they gave him a few chances. Let's ask that question again. But we brought back our manufacturing jobs. We rebuilt the awesome power of the US military, we obliterated -- we obliterated the ISIS caliphate and built the greatest economy in the history of the world, and now we are doing it again, bigger and better than ever before.

Donald Trump: Before the end of the year, we will have a safe and effective vaccine and we will defeat the China virus. I have a feeling that, by the way, I think the vaccine is going to come very soon, very soon. And with it or without it, we're rounding the turn. You see what's happening, you see, the numbers are plunging, you see how good we're doing relative to other countries and other parts of the world, but the fake news doesn't like saying that, they don't like telling you though.

Donald Trump: And next year, unless you have somebody, that's going to quadruple your taxes, raise your taxes, raise up all of those regulations that we cut, next year will be one of the greatest years in the history of our country. At no time before has there been a clearer choice between two parties; two visions, two philosophies, and two agendas for the future.

Donald Trump: There's never been a vision like this. You have Sleepy Joe and you have Trump. Sleepy Joe, he's a beauty, he's a beauty. You know, I watched the Democrat debates, right, and I watched them up there at he was so bad. I said, "There's no way he makes it." It's sad, isn't it? The first lady actually came in, at one time she watches she goes, and she's a nice person and she meant this, really, me, I view it differently, but she looked and she watched the debate and she watched Joe and she said, "Darling, it's so sad." This was earlier and this is the guy I'm running against. "It's so sad, darling, it's so sad.", but we got him.

Donald Trump: Joe Biden has put forward the most extreme platform and it's not him, he doesn't know what platform, he doesn't. It's your radical left people, it's AOC plus three. It's all these people, Bernie, it's Bernie. It's Kamala, the most liberal person in the U.S senate. You know, I tell it all the time, she started off her poll numbers at 15, 14, 12, 12. Then she went back up to 12 and a half.

Donald Trump: Then it was a big plunge right down to the bottom and then she dropped down, she dropped down. But there's never been anything like this and no major party has ever had a candidate that's so extreme in his views. And again, he took the manifesto drawn up by Bernie and the super lips and that's what he's going by, including a massive increase in your taxes, and a total assault on your Second Amendment.

Donald Trump: On November 3rd, Michigan, you better vote for me. I got you so many damn car plants. [Audience chants "We love you. Four more years"] I'll tell you what, I'll be so angry at you. I got you a lot of plants. Is that right? I mean, have you seen what we're doing here? All the plants that had been built or are being built.

Donald Trump: And what about the plants that are being expanded? They don't want to give you credit for that, they just expanded. I went to Prime Minister Abe of Japan. I say, "Prime Minister, you have to start doing something." You know, he's a great guy he'll be retiring soon, he's a great guy, the Prime Minister of Japan Abe.

Donald Trump: I say, "Shinzo, Shinzo, you have to do me a favor. You've got send car plants over here. You know you're sending all those cars, we stupidly don't charge you tariffs on those cars that pour into our country." I said, "Shinzo, you've got to give us plants.", "No, No, No. I can't do that. That is up to the free enterprise system of Japan." I say, "Shinzo, you're a powerful man, you can do it.", "Well.

Donald Trump: I can't do it." The next day they announced five car companies are coming to Michigan, right. And you hadn't had a plant built. Now, they've been building it for a number of years, but you haven't had a plant built in like 42 years. You know they were the old plants and it's been amazing what's happened in Michigan.

Donald Trump: But honestly, it's been amazing what's happened in Ohio and North Carolina and South Carolina and Florida, New Hampshire, and so many other places, our country is doing great. We had to take a pause to get rid of the China virus and we got rid of -- We're getting good, we're coming around, we're coming around that turn, I'm telling you, you watch next year, better than last year.

Donald Trump: It's going to be better than last year. Michigan will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity or whether we'll allow Sleepy Joe to impose $4 trillion in tax hikes, an American energy, confiscate your guns, shut down the economy, and tell your governor to open up your state. You know it's all Democrat governors and I think they do it for political reasons, you know, because they'll be less activity, you'd be doing even better if you had a governor that knew what the hell she was doing, you got to open up the state.

Donald Trump: And also you have to have a governor because you know right now Michigan's lagging great football, great coach, great team. We want a governor, John James, that's going to let Michigan play Big Ten football this year. You've been seeing a lot of the other schools want to open Big Ten, at my suggestion. How about sleepy Joe?

Donald Trump: He said, "Donald Trump is against football." No, No, No. I'm the one that says "Open it up. Let's play football." These people practice disinformation like nobody, has ever practiced that. They're liars. I'll tell you, they lie, but we have a good chance. You have a very good commissioner, and the commission is working hard and hopefully, very soon they'll say you're going to play football, and I hope they're not leaving Michigan out because it's never the same if they do.

Donald Trump: But you have Maryland where they have a problem in terms of playing, and the governors have a lot of power over that. They have a lot of power, a lot of say. So, let's play Big Ten football, right. They want to shut down auto production, delay the vaccine. They want to destroy your suburbs. Look what I've done for your suburbs.

Donald Trump: You know what I've done. You know what I've done. Does anybody want to have somebody from Antifa as a member and as a resident of your suburb? I don't think so. Say, "Darling, who moved in next door?", "Oh, it's a resident of Antifa." "No, thank you. Let's get out here. Let's get the hell out of here darling.

Donald Trump: Let's leave our suburbs. Ah, I wish Trump were President. He wouldn't have allowed that to happen." That's exactly right! I won't allow it to happen. The suburbs are the American dream and I will tell you, I have protected your suburbs. You know I get rid of regulation that played with you zoning and played with other things where they force projects into the suburbs of our great country, and I got rid of it.

Donald Trump: They said, "Sir, we can amend it and make it less crazy." I said, "No, I don't want to amend it. I don't want to do that. I want to get rid of it.", "Well, sir, why don't we just do a simple amendment? It would be --" I said I want to get rid of it, end it, and we ended it. We ended it. I think the people living in the suburbs, which I know very well -- I watch Westchester in New York, where they were doing things that should never have been done, and it's not going to happen to our suburbs.

Donald Trump: They want to erase your borders and indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti-American lies in our schools, not going to happen. Not going to happen. For the last four years, they've tried everything to stop us and they are only getting more desperate by the day. Can you imagine, if on September 3rd, they say, ladies and gentlemen, Donald Trump has been declared the winner?

Donald Trump: Donald Trump [Inaudible]." At first they'll go crazy and then they'll say, "OK, it's time now to be reasonable." They will have had it, they will have had it. You know we were coming together as a nation, very interesting. Before the plague came in from China, we were coming together, it was success. Somebody said, "What's going to bring you together?" And it was.

Donald Trump: We were coming together. I was starting to get calls from Democrats that, frankly, we didn't speak much, and I was starting to get calls, and then all of a sudden we saw the plague pour in and we saw what was happening and it really stopped things. But success was getting very, very close to bringing us all together, and then we had to say, "Let's take a timeout, we've got to fix this mess and we did and now we're coming back strong.

Donald Trump: But success brings us together and it was happening and then we got that terrible situation happened and we'll never forget it. Biden and his party tried to lock law-abiding Americans into their homes while they encourage rioters and vandals rampaging through all, in all cases, Democrat-run cities. You know, Republican-run cities are doing very well, I hope you know that.

Donald Trump: And I hope you know like in Minneapolis -- Minneapolis, we were asked to come in, we went in, we took care of that problem in about what, 30 minutes. Unfortunately, they let almost two weeks go by. And if you look at what we just did in Wisconsin, which was so amazing, three days and we went in and, by the way, the U.S. marshals went in to get the killer.

Donald Trump: And that was the end of that, they got the killer, they got the killer. You know what I'm talking about. And we were going to go into Seattle, the next day, we're all set, all lined up, looking forward to it. We just said we're doing it. I mean, they actually took over a part of the city, and the mayor said, "This is gonna be a summer of love, right.

Donald Trump: Where do these people come from? But we're all set to go in. They heard we were going in. We informed them we're going in and they sent their police to do it and we never even had to go in, but we can solve those problems in a matter of, literally, minutes. [Audience chants "We love you"] Thank you. Don't say that.

Donald Trump: I'll start to cry that wouldn't be good for my image. We don't want it, you don't want to see me cry. I'll start to cry. You know, one of the fake news broadcasters -- because this happened the other day, we had a tremendous crowd like -- like this. I mean, we had a tremendous crowd in North Carolina. They started chanting, "We love you, we love you, we love you!"

Donald Trump: and you know, it's incredible. They said, "With all the years that they've been covering Presidential elections, they've never heard that chant, that we love you. No, it's very nice. No, they've never heard it. True. You know, now they all say -- now they all say -- they'll say, "He misrepresented. 18 years ago there was a rally held by somebody, and we heard the words from two people that we love you, sir." Now, this is what we're dealing with.

Donald Trump: And by the way. I look at a lot of people that -- look at this. These people back there they can't even get in. Thank you, Michigan. Thank you. It's really nice to be with you. As President, I will always support the heroes of law enforcement. I was very honored to receive the endorsement of the Police Officers Association of Michigan.

Donald Trump: Where are they? Where are they? They're here someplace. Where are they? Thank you, fellas, that's really, nice. I'll tell you, that's an honor. I have to be honest. I got it from Florida, Texas, Ohio, North Carolina, South Car -- but Michigan is Michigan. Thank you. I don't think there's any law enforcement officer that is against us.

Donald Trump: What is our poll number? Ninety-nine. I know they had 365,000 at one group and they got a unanimous vote. I said, "That's pretty good." How can you go the other way? You people are fantastic and we love you. Thank you. That's great. Thank you very much appreciate it. Biden says he wants to protect Black lives, but his radical platform will cut short the lives of thousands of young African-American citizens.

Donald Trump: Thousands. The murder rate in Democrat-run cities like Chicago, Baltimore, New York, so many others is higher than in Afghanistan, yet Biden supports imposing these failed policies nationwide. You will have crime like you've never seen before. You'll have crime like you've never seen. Last week, Joe Biden proudly accepted the endorsement of the pro-criminal Portland district attorney, who has a policy of releasing rioters, criminals, and violent extremists without charge.

Donald Trump: Biden's plan, and every time I say Biden's plan, it's not his plan, it's the people that tell him what they're going to do, so please understand. I just don't want to say that every time I mention his name. So, it should say the people that control Biden's plan, is to appease domestic terrorists. My plan is to arrest them, to lock them up.

Donald Trump: If Joe Biden is elected, far-left lunatics won't just be running failed Democrat city. They'll be running the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security, and the United States Supreme Court, and we can't let that happen. No city town or suburb will be safe. On November 3rd, your vote will save America.

Donald Trump: Remember, it's the most important election we've ever had. So, I'm joined tonight by some great warriors that have really helped me a lot in Washington with the fake impeachment, the impeachment hoax. The Russia, Russia, Russia hoax. Somebody said Russia's coming up again. Adam Schiff said, "We'd like to find out about." I said, "What about China?

Donald Trump: What about other countries? It's always Russia." Russia, Russia, they're at it again. I want to just thank these guys because these were real warriors for all of us. They love your state and they love our country, Congressman Jack Bergman. Great job, Jack. John Mulliner. Thank you, John. Great. Great going, John.

Donald Trump: He's a tough cookie. And Tim Walberg. Tim, thank you. Great job. What great people. And I talked about him a little while before, I could talk about him all night, he's a star, he's gonna be a future star. You know we have a very much different party than we had four years ago. We're now the party of the workers, we're the party of a lot of different things now, but we weren't really considered the party of the workers, certainly not anymore.

Donald Trump: Remember this: we're the party of Abraham Lincoln. A lot of people forget that. Honestly. Remember when they used to say, "He doesn't act Presidential." and I used to say, "It's so easy to be Presidential." I'd only have about 10 or 15 people here, you'd be bored, but remember I used to do that but I'd always say I couldn't be more Presidential than any President in our history, except for the possibility of Abraham Lincoln when he wears his hat comfortably.

Donald Trump: Tough to beat. That's tough to beat, John James. But seriously, if you want to be well represented, you know, your current senator, I don't even know this guy. I don't even know this guy, nobody does. they don't know who he is, they don't even know. He comes into the office. I say, "Who is that guy?" I know every senator, Democrat, Republican.

Donald Trump: I don't know this guy. I know your other Senator I can tell by her hair, she's got interesting hair. You know. But that was John's first crack. He learned a lot and frankly -- and I mean this -- if he had more support from the Republican Party, he would have won that race. He would have. But this guy Peters, right, Peters -- I say, "Who's Peters?" Nobody knows him, he doesn't do anything.

Donald Trump: I really -- Mean, look. I -- We're going to end this, but I have to tell you, John James can be so great. He loves this whole -- He loves our country. He's been -- he's been educated at the highest level. He was always the top at everything he's ever done. And this is what he has and I'll be honest with you, John.

Donald Trump: I think I can tell this story. John -- and I were thinking about John. I was thinking about John more than myself, because I know talent, and I said, "You know, John, you can run for a certain House seat." Right. "And you're guaranteed to win. You can run for another House seat. It'll be a tough race but you're going to win or you can have a tough race against somebody that nobody ever heard of." It's like a habit that they press that particular trigger.

Donald Trump: But that's a tough race. So you can be an absolute congressman or you can take a shot at this one. He said, "Sir, I can do more of the Senate than I can do in the House." and that was his decision. Right. It took a lot of guts. So, John, I'm with you, you have my total and complete endorsement. You have everything I can do.

Donald Trump: Everything I can do, we will do for you. And I really believe you're going to make it. You're -- you're running against somebody that is just ridiculous [Inaudible]. It's ridiculous! Don't do it. Also with us, are some other great candidates and people that are going to do a tremendous job helping our congressmen.

Donald Trump: Paul Junge. Where's Paul Junge? Paul, thank you. Good luck. I heard you're doing well, Paul. Paul Junge. Lisa McLain. Lisa? Great job. It's going well. And Eric Esshaki. Thank you, Eric. Good Luck. Good luck. We're going to be out here helping you too. We're going to be out here. I hope John doesn't even need help, but we're going to help John too.

Donald Trump: We're going to help all of you, all right? We're going to be doing it. Thank you. Also with you is RNC chairwoman. You know, she was the head of the whole state and she kept calling me back, back. "Sir, one more speech you're going to win Michigan." Hadn't been won in decades. One more speech, sir, you're going to win Michigan.

Donald Trump: I said, "Rhonda, I'm coming in one more time, but that's it." I said, "That woman is the most aggressive person I've ever met." She said, "I'm telling you, sir, one more speech." I said I'll do it one more time, but that's it." About a day after I got back, I said I just got back from Michigan. It was wonderful.

Donald Trump: I get a call from Rhonda McDaniel and she goes, "Sir, could you come in tomorrow for another speech?" Well, whatever happens, she's the one that got me here at midnight -- on. She is. So when it came time to pick in the head of the RNC, you know as President, you have a couple of things to say about it, right.

Donald Trump: I said, "Who's that woman that kept getting me back to Michigan, boy, oh boy, she'll be great. Rhonda McDaniel. And somebody is doing a fantastic job and tells us we're really pretty far ahead, maybe way ahead. You know they had a poll. I think it was a Gallup poll. They said 62% of the people are lying about their poll.

Donald Trump: Now, they're only lying having to do with my -- and I don't know if I'm supposed to be insulted by that or not but we'll take it. But we can have a very big win and look, no President has done for Michigan what President Trump has done for Michigan and you're going to remember that and I'm going to remember Michigan.

Donald Trump: Michigan GOP Chair Laura Cox. Right. Thank you. Great job, great job. Thank you. Thank you very much.Thanks, Laura. We spent the last four years reversing the horrible damage Joe Biden inflicted over the last 47 years. Forty-seven years of bad votes. After the last administration nearly killed the U.S. auto industry, I saved the U.S. auto industry.

Donald Trump: Joe Biden supported the disastrous Trans-Pacific Partnership, which would have been a death sentence for American auto jobs. I withdrew from the TPP, my first week in office, that was so easy, that was so easy. You wouldn't have been making cars. You would have been buying cars from foreign lands. We have enough of that.

Donald Trump: Biden supported the horrendous South Korea deal that would have wiped out U.S. production of the pick-up truck, which is the most -- The pickup truck is the most profitable thing the auto industry makes. You know why? We have something called the chicken tax. Does anyone know what I'm talking about? The chicken tax.

Donald Trump: It's a tariff of 25% and it keeps other countries out of here and it expired, and South Korea didn't want to do it, but they did it. We got it right back and we put it on for a long time and now you're making -- but remember this, go check it out, the chicken tax. I'll tell you why someday at another meeting why they call it that.

Donald Trump: Maybe you don't want to know about it. But we're keeping those small trucks and we're keeping our whole industry good and we're expanding our autos now, our cars, and we're doing a great job of it. I want to thank everybody doing a great job. And by the way, many other things in Michigan. Biden supported the outrageous fuel economy standards that have hammered the auto industry, and I reversed that rule, I actually reversed it and it helped millions of families be able to afford a car.

Donald Trump: The United States lost 500 auto and auto parts factories under the Obama-Biden disaster. Before the virus, my administration ended over 200 new auto and auto parts plants. In 2007, how about 200? I didn't know that. 200. 200. I thought it was a little less than that. Wait. I went to see that again, 200, it says 200, do you believe it?

Donald Trump: That's a lot. You know I have a choice between teleprompter and freelance. I hate to say the freelance is always a hell of a lot better. If you remember, and you remember well. I actually got elected because a freelance we didn't have teleprompters. There were no teleprompters. But think of that 200, we're talking about 200 plants.

Donald Trump: I thought it was a much lower number and I thought you should put me in office based on a much lower number, 200, you have no choice. Yesterday, Biden was in Michigan. He said, "I'd better, get out of the basement. This guy is starting to do very well." Lying about his lifetime of cold-hearted globalist betrayals.

Donald Trump: Biden chipped in NAFTA, perhaps the worst trade deal in the history of our country. And he continued to embrace and promote NAFTA for decades. And I told you, he just said it was not as good as the deal I made. I can't believe. Oh, they've given him hell tonight. They're giving him hell. What did you say that for?

Donald Trump: Boy, oh boy. Yeah, hiding, 'Joe Hiden'. Look, you know, this doesn't sound nice, I'll say it and they'll criticize for it, you watch. I have the distinct pleasure of running against the worst Presidential candidate in the history of Presidential politics. I really believe that. Can you imagine if I lost to him?

Donald Trump: I'd have to say, "I lost to the worst candidate ever put up." Don't do that to me, Michigan. [Audience chants "Four more years"] Don't do that. Biden supported China's entry into the World Trade Organization which, by the way, was a disaster. China was flatlining for years and years and decades and it got into this World Trade Organization with all sorts of advantages.

Donald Trump: Just a terrible, terrible situation took place and that's when China became a big, powerful, economic power. But if you look at the numbers just before the plague, now the numbers are different. We were going up, up, up. We were beating them like a drum, they weren't even close. We were gaining, gaining.

Donald Trump: gaining. We were No.1 by far. You know, for years, I've heard that in 2019, China was going to surpass us. Well, in 2019, we gained a lot of them. We were doing great. We were doing great and we'll be doing even better next year, you watch. Yesterday, it was revealed that a fund partly owned by Joe Biden's son, 'Where's Hunter'. See his first name -- I now name his first name is Where.

Donald Trump: Where's Hunter. He must be a brilliant guy because with no experience he's taken more money from more countries. He had no job and then it became rich, but Where's Hunter facilitated the sale of a Michigan automotive company to a leading Chinese military Defense contractor. Does anyone know that China's military got yet another piece of American manufacturing [Inaudible] and the Biden family made a lot of money on it a lot of money on it?

Donald Trump: A lot of money What about Ukraine? He got $183,000 a month, $3 million upfront, and he had no experience with energy, working for an energy company, by the way. What's your experience. Hunter, what's your experience with energy, "I don't have any." "OK, we'll pay you $183,000 a month, and we'll give you an upfront payment hunter of $3 million.

Donald Trump: Will that be satisfactory?" He goes, "Yes. I'll take it." Would anybody here not take that deal? Anybody? Please raise your head. This is one guy, right. You must be a pretty rich guy. If Biden's elected China will own America. Washington vultures like Biden and others ripped apart entire towns all across your state.

Donald Trump: Michigan lost half of all manufacturing jobs after the trade deals that Biden supported and, by the way, I don't know if any -- but does anybody remember, like 12 years ago, long before I thought about running for President when I enjoyed my life, I had the greatest life. Where would we like to go? Let's go to Monte Carlo this weekend.

Donald Trump: Let's go. No, I had a great life, but I was honored. I was doing very well. I was honored and Michigan. Does every -- Anybody know that? I was given Man of the Year award by somebody and I came in and I spent like 45 minutes talking about how you've been ripped off. How old your auto companies are leaving and going to Mexico and, by the way, to Canada to but how they're all leaving and going to Mexico and Canada.

Donald Trump: I spent the whole time talking about it. I said -- at the end, I felt embarrassed. I said, "I hope I haven't insulted the state too much, but why do you let this happen? I stopped it. I stopped it. Won't be happening, it won't be happening. It's not going to happen anymore. Biden took a sledgehammer to your state.

Donald Trump: Earlier this year, I kept my promise to Michigan workers when we ended the NAFTA nightmare that everybody said was impossible to end and when we signed that brand new US-Mexico-Canada agreement into law. The USMCA includes powerful wage protections to keep auto manufacturing jobs right here in Michigan. Now, they have a tremendous disincentive to leave Michigan, fire all of our workers, go to Mexico or Canada, make the car or the product, send it in here without tariffs, we end up with closed factories, no job, and no taxes.

Donald Trump: That's not happening anymore, that's not happening. But you remember how bad it was just before I took office. It was -- It was like an avalanche of companies leaving our country. I also took the toughest-ever action to stand up to China's rampant theft of Michigan jobs. Biden has vowed to remove these tariffs and allow China to resume its pillaging.

Donald Trump: Just so you know, China's paying us tens of billions of dollars a month. Before me, China never paid anything. They didn't pay us 10 cents. And you know what I did with some of that money? I gave it to our farmers. I don't know if we have a lot. Do we have farmers here? Where farmers? Raise your hand, farmers.

Donald Trump: It's not bad. No, I gave $28 billion to our farmers because they were targeted by China. They were targeted. They said you know, and that's what they did to the past other Presidents. They said, "If you do this, we're going to stop doing business with your farmers and you're not going to be able to get any votes and you're going to lose the Midwest and all of that.

Donald Trump: And I said, "You know what? Ah, do whatever you want. Then I went to Sonny Perdue, Secretary of Agriculture, a great guy, I said, "Sonny, how much are they being targeted for?", "Sir, $12 billion the first year, two years, three years ago, and then 16 billion, a total of 28 billion." I said, "That's OK. We're putting tariffs on everything they send into our country. 25%, was going to raise it to 50%, also 10% and 12%, all different tariffs.

Donald Trump: We took in billions and billions, and I said, "You know we're going to do? We're going to take of that. The 12 and the 16, $28 billion and we're going to give it to our farmers who were targeted." and our farmers are doing great. Right? That's what we did. You think Joe Biden would do that? He wouldn't have a clue.

Donald Trump: Hillary wouldn't have had a clue. Crazy Bernie wouldn't have -- nobody would've had a clue on that one. And by the way, we had billions, tens of billions of dollars left over. You know what I did with that? We gave it to the U.S. Treasury. Right, smack into the heart of the U.S. Treasury. And we're still getting those big tariffs even though we made a trade deal with China, I said, "No.

Donald Trump: You got to leave the tariffs. There are a lot of people didn't know it." Schumer went, "Well, I don't like the idea. First of all, he didn't like tariffs then all of a sudden he loved it. But when I made the deal with China, I left the tariffs on 25% and some different amounts. When I left tariffs largely on and nobody could believe it.

Donald Trump: They said to Schumer, "What do you think of the deal?", "I don't like it because he got rid of the tariffs." they said. No, we left the tariffs on. This is what it is. No matter how you do it, no matter how good a deal they'll say, "It's no good." because they don't love the country. They don't love the country.

Donald Trump: Remember that. Joe Biden's agenda is made in China. My agenda is made in the USA. That's a nice plane. Somebody said to me, "Your plane's just as nice as that." I said, "No, it's not. That's Air Force One. That's the nicest." That's the nicest. Always, that's the nicest. I also authorize millions of dollars to save Michigan Soo Locks, and forget, right, forget all the problems they had.

Donald Trump: For years and years, they fought over the money to do it. We got $300 million to the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, and we have done a job on the Soo Locks. They were rotting. You weren't going to have anything come through the Soo Locks. It's all done. That deal is all done. It's all done. Right? Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Where are my guys there? Good job. Right. Even though you're law enforcement, that's a good job, right? Two months ago, I also issued a major disaster declaration in response to the catastrophic flooding caused by the failure of the Edenville Dam. Where the people from Edenville? Edenville. Yeah.

Donald Trump: Good. Now, that is a terrible thing and they're working very hard right now. We're providing more than $43 million in federal funds to help homeowners, businesses, and communities in Central Michigan to recover from that catastrophe, and you know it's a privately owned dam. I think we're going to have to sue the ass off of the company that has it.

Donald Trump: I don't know, I don't know why we're doing it. I'll tell you why we're doing it. Our great Congressman. Thank you, Congressman. Great job. Thank you. He called up, he said, "Sir, we have to do it. It's a private dam." I said, "Well if it's a private dam. No, they have to do it." say it will never happen, right, but we'll end up getting some of that back, I think.

Donald Trump: Great, great representative you have. I want to tell you you fought like a tiger. Perhaps in no area have our opponents more thoroughly betrayed working families of all backgrounds and on the subject of immigration. Under my administration, we've achieved the most secure border in American history. We've ended catch and release, stopped asylum fraud, and we've deported over 20,000 vicious gang members and over a half a million criminal illegal aliens.

Donald Trump: As I said, we've already built over 310 miles of border wall, it's all gonna be finished very quickly. We're averaging about 10 new brand-new beautiful miles every single week. It'll be finished very shortly. We've invested $2.5 trillion in the U.S. Military, all made in the USA, by the way. All made in the U.S.A. You know, with the fake news today, I said, "And we have systems and missiles and rockets and military and tech.

Donald Trump: We have systems that you've never even seen before. President Xi has nothing like it. Putin has nothing like it. Nobody has anything like what we have." and they said, "Is he giving away military information?" No, I'm saying we have the greatest weapons in the world. That's what I'm saying. They said, "He may be giving away classified information." You don't have to worry about it.

Donald Trump: These people are sick. Never speak well about our technology because you're giving away classified information. Now, I just want to let people know we have the greatest systems, the greatest equipment, and the greatest people anywhere in the world. There's nobody like the U.S. Military. The most powerful -- We have the most powerful military in the world.

Donald Trump: And when I took it over, it was depleted, it was in trouble, it was exhausted from these ridiculous endless wars that last 19 and 20 years. And you know those soldiers are starting to come home very big. You know that, right? They're all coming home. They're all coming home and we launched the first new branch of the U.S. Armed Forces and nearly 75 years since the Air Force, we launched the Space Force, very, very important.

Donald Trump: We passed the MISSION Act. We call it V.A. Choice and V.A. Accountability. We hold people accountable if they don't treat our vets good. You're fired, get out, you're fired. We did more in 47 months than sleepy Joe Biden did in 47 years. That's true. We did more. That sort of has a nice ring to it, right.

Donald Trump: Think of it. We did more and it's true. Just -- just take it -- Take a look. Space Force, by itself, that would be a major achievement. Now, with us, we did so many things, so many things, but we did more in 47 months than he did in 47 years. It's true. It's true. And a lot of what I did is destroy some of the horrible things that they did, including regulations all over the place.

Donald Trump: I withdrew from the last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear deal. We paid $150 billion, 1.8 billion in cash. We ought to speak to law enforcement about that. How do we send 1.8 billion in cash? In cash. You guys ought to take a look at that, please. I kept my promise to recognize the true capital of Israel and open the American embassy in Jerusalem.

Donald Trump: Every President said they were going to do that. None of them did it for decades and decades. They all said -- and I tell the story -- you know it was a hard thing to get done. It was easy to talk about in the campaign we're going to open up the embassy in Jerusalem. We're going to make it. It becomes automatically the capital of Israel.

Donald Trump: That's everybody said it for very, very many decades, for decades, many Presidents, but I realize now why it wasn't their focus. As soon as I got in, I was lobbied by everybody. Please don't do it, don't do it don't make the capital of Israel Jerusalem, don't move your embassy. OK, so went on and on and then I said, "Let's do it anyway." It's true.

Donald Trump: And the word got out. The word got out that I was going to do it and I was called by every king and every queen and every prime minister and every -- everybody was calling me. Please, sir, don't do it please, so I did what we sometimes will do in business. I told them when the king calls, when somebody calls, an amir, when somebody calls, tell them I'll call them back in a few days. "I'm sorry, sir, he won't be able to speak right now, I'll call you back on Wednesday.", "OK.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. I appreciate it." On Tuesday, I announced that I'm doing it. And then I got on the phone with 18 different companies. I go, "Hey, how you doing?" you call them just returning your call. "Ah, it's too late, sir.", "We called about Israel.", "It's too late." I said, "Yes, sir, I wish you got to be a little bit sooner." I recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights and we achieved the first breakthrough in Middle East peace in decades and, by the way, on Wednesday, I believe next week, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and, as you know, the country -- very powerful, very respected country with a great leader UAE, is coming to the White House, and we're going to sign an agreement that hasn't been signed in many decades.

Donald Trump: It's peace and it's recognition of Israel and all of the things nobody thought it could be done. And you know it's an amazing thing. I don't say this out of ego, but I was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. Now I have to tell you. That's sort of a big thing. And the networks and most of the news didn't cover it.

Donald Trump: Can you imagine? When Obama came to office, they said we're going to give him the Nobel Peace Prize. He actually said, "What did I do? I didn't do anything." He didn't do anything for eight years, frankly, but he said, "What did I do?" They gave it to him in a matter of weeks, right, weeks. And with us, we've done so much with -- We have done so much on so many different fronts.

Donald Trump: Remember North Korea? Remember they were going to be at war with North Korea. Where's the war? Where's the war? Where's the war. And we have a good relationship with Kim Jong-un. Who knows what happens? All I know is we're not in war and that's OK. They said, but he gave away so much. I said, "I gave away nothing." "No, he gave away so much." when I said, "What did I give away?" You know what they said? "We don't know." I said, "Here's what I gave away.

Donald Trump: I gave away nothing." They said, "Oh, but you agreed to meet.", "Oh, I see. I agreed to meet." So now they're saying I agreed to meet." It was such a big deal instead of being in a war. I think agreeing to meet is OK, right? And we did. He's a different kind of a guy and he's a smart guy. Smart, very smart guy, we get along.

Donald Trump: You know getting along with foreign power sis not a bad thing. We're trying to teach that to the media and these idiots that ran our government for so many years, these fools, these fools. You know, you got nuclear weapons, you got big armies, big navies. "He gets along with Putin, that's a terrible thing." No, it's a good thing if I get along, that's good.

Donald Trump: He likes me. I like him, not so bad. He gets along with Kim Jong-un. That's a terrible thing. No, it's a good thing. I'm trying to convince him. It's OK. It's OK not to go to war. It's really OK. "He gets along with President Xi. He gets along with Prime Minister Abe. He gets along with a lot of people." and it's OK.

Donald Trump: That's a good thing. It's really hard. These stupid people that have been running this operation for 30, 40 years, and they come out against me and all they did is stick us in these endless wars. We're fighting for sand and blood, sand, and blood. Syria. What do you get out of it? You get sand, you get blood, you get injuries, you get death.

Donald Trump: These people, don't know what the hell they're doing and it's one of the reasons I got elected. I can tell you that. "We don't like his foreign policy." and this is said by one of the guys that got us into the war in Iraq, got us into the middle east. So it's -- we're doing a great job, we're doing a great job for you, we're doing a great job for Michigan.

Donald Trump: Just to finish in the Middle East, we killed the founder and leader of ISIS al-Baghdadi and, by the way, we're pulling back and we're doing everything so beautifully. If we do get into war, we win the war, we don't fight for nothing, we fought for nothing. We don't ever want to have war, but if there is a war nobody's going to even come close to being able to beat us and we won't be depleted from fighting and all these ridiculous locations all over the globe.

Donald Trump: You people know that a lot better than the idiots in Washington that have represented us for 35 years. We took out the world's No.1 terrorist and the mass murder of American troops Qasem Soleimani is dead. We kept America out of new wars and we're bringing our troops back home and they're coming home very rapidly.

Donald Trump: You see that. Sleepy Joe Biden voted for the Iraq war. He supported the defense sequester that gutted our military, destroyed our military, set us back so many years. I got rid of it immediately. He opposed the mission to take out Osama bin Laden. He was against it. Everything he did. He was wrong on, as said by Gates, you know, Secretary of Defense, Secretary of everything.

Donald Trump: He was sort of like he had more jobs than any human being I've ever seen, but he said everything -- everything that Biden was for was wrong. He opposed killing Soleimani, he oversaw the rise of ISIS. He was unable to do anything with ISIS. You know I had the leader of a very important country in my office recently and he said, and I'll probably refer, the press, they'll say, "Who is it?" he said, "Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: You were the one that got rid of ISIS." I said, "I was the one? You're actually giving me credit?" He said, "Absolutely. When you took over, ISIS in Iraq and ISIS in Syria was all over. It was growing at a level like we've never seen. You came in and you absolutely wiped it out." happens to be -- the man that said that happens to be the leader of Iraq and he was very nice.

Donald Trump: He was very generous in his step as he came to the White House two weeks ago. And we cheered, as we looked at all of the sex -- success that we've had, but he really oversaw the rise of China as a positive development. Remember he said, "No, it's a positive development for America and for the world." He's been in Washington for 47 years.

Donald Trump: Now, he's all of a sudden going to change? He's going to change? It's not going to change. Don't forget, he was in Washington in his primetime, which was never considered great, and now it's no longer primetime. When I banned travel from China, Biden called it hysterical and xenophobic. If we had listened to Joe hundreds of thousands more Americans would have died from the China plague.

Donald Trump: Biden was willing to sacrifice American lives on the altar of open borders, and now Joe Biden is once again hurting innocent people with his dangerous anti-vaccine conspiracy theories, putting millions of lives around the world at risk, and the only reason he's doing that is he knows where right next to having a vaccine, so he wants to belittle the vaccine because he doesn't want us to get credit.

Donald Trump: But again it's not him. It's the people surrounding him. When the virus arrived, we launched the largest national mobilization since World War II. Recently, I visited the workers at Ford's historic ravage world plant, who converted their factory to produce tens of thousands of ventilators. After we invoked the Defense Production Act and they've done a fantastic job.

Donald Trump: Not a single American who has needed a ventilator has been denied a ventilator. Any time in our whole country, they needed a ventilator and we had nothing. We were left bare cupboards. I would say the cupboards were bare. We're delivering lifesaving therapies and have achieved among the lowest case fatality rates anywhere of any country in the world.

Donald Trump: Europe's excess mortality rate is 24% higher than the rate in the United States. You don't hear that from the fake news. America will prevail over the China virus. As Franklin Delano Roosevelt said, "The only thing we have to fear is fear itself." That's it. We're doing very well. As the British government advised the British people in the face of World War II: Keep Calm and Carry On.

Donald Trump: That's what I did this. whack job that wrote the book he said, "Well, knew a little bit." They wanted me to come out and scream, people are dying, we're dying. No, no, we did it just the right way. We have to be calm, we don't want to be crazed, lunatics, we have to lead. When Hitler was bombing, I don't know if you know this, when Hitler was bombing London, Churchill, great leader, would oftentimes go to a roof in London and speak and he always spoke with calmness.

Donald Trump: He said, "We have to show calmness." No, we did it the right way and we've done a job like nobody. All of those great generals, all of those great admirals, our great Vice President Mike Pence, they did a fantastic job. Our doctors, and they don't get any credit because they want to discredit us as much as possible because they wanted to carry over to November 3rd.

Donald Trump: But we've done a fantastic job. I think we've probably done the best job of any country. Certainly of any major country anywhere in the world on the pandemic. Through our historic relief programs, we've saved more than 1.6 million Michigan jobs and over 128,000, 128,000 Michigan businesses. Michigan, has already gained and regained more than half of the jobs that it lost and if your state was ever allowed to safely reopen by your governor who doesn't have a clue, she's like Joe, you would have regained far more than that.

Donald Trump: Open up your state, Madam Governor, open up your state. Just like crazy Nancy Pelosi, your governor is a liberal hypocrite who lives by a different set of rules. Her husband was caught trying to put his boat in the water on Memorial Day weekend while she was ordering the people of Michigan to stay in their homes and forcing businesses into bankruptcy left and right.

Donald Trump: The Biden agenda would collapse our economy and destroy this great opportunity that we're having right now. He would oppose job-destroying regulations that would demolish the auto industry. You know, on regulations, it took in many cases, 18, 19, 20 years to get a roadway or a highway approved. We have it down now to two years, we're trying to get it down to one year, and it may get this approved for environmental or safety reasons, but we're going to know about it very fast.

Donald Trump: No more 20-year approvals or disapproval. Wants to force you to provide free government healthcare to illegal aliens. He will destroy your Social Security. He will destroy your protections for pre-existing conditions and we will save Social Security. Remember they said last time? "Oh, Trump is going to destroy Social Security." Well, it's now four years, we haven't touched it, we protected it, and that's going to remain that way.

Donald Trump: Biden opposes school choice and has stated that if he's elected, charter schools, so important, are gone. And on second term, I will provide school choice to every parent in America. A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for all Americans. Instead of letting Washington change us, despite all that we have been through, we are changing Washington.

Donald Trump: And in conclusion, although I hate it, I really do I hate to conclude, I hate to conclude, because I love being with you, I do. I do. [Audience reacts] So in conclusion, over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world and we will end our reliance on China once and for all.

Donald Trump: We've been doing it. We will make our medical supplies right here in the United States and right here in Michigan. We will enact fair trade deals that create American jobs and grow American wages. We will rapidly return to full employment, soaring incomes, and record prosperity and that's already happening.

Donald Trump: We will hire more police, increase penalties for assaults on law enforcers, surge federal prosecutors into high crime communities, and we will ban sanctuary cities. We will appoint prosecutors, judges, and justices who believe in enforcing the law, not their own political agenda. We will ensure equal justice for citizens of every race, color, religion, and creed.

Donald Trump: We will defend the dignity of work and the sanctity of life. We will uphold religious liberty, free speech, and the right to keep and bear arms. And you're lucky I'm here because your Second Amendment would be gone if I wasn't. And they didn't touch it. We will strike down terrorists who threaten our citizens, and we will keep our people, keep them out of these horrible, horrible situations where they hurt our country, they hurt the people of our country, and we're also going to be staying out of the endless ridiculous foreign wars in countries that you've never even heard of.

Donald Trump: We will build the most powerful missile in cyber defense. We've already got it, pretty much. And we will maintain peace through strength. We will end surprise medical billing, require the biggest thing that nobody even knows about, and it's all signed and it goes into effect on January 1st. You better make sure I win.

Donald Trump: Can you imagine? This is gonna be the biggest thing and nobody understands what it is. You'll figure it out. Price transparency. Did they fight me in that one? January 1st. And further reduce health insurance premiums and the costs of prescription drugs at a level like you've never seen before. I've already signed it.

Donald Trump: Favored Nations, the drug companies are not happy, I will tell you. This -- All you have to do is take a look at all the ads they're running against me, Favored Nations, where we pay whatever the lowest is in the world, we pay that number. We will protect Medicare and Social Security and we will always protect our patients.

Donald Trump: We will always protect our people. We will protect your pre-existing conditions, as I said. America will land the first woman on the moon and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars. We will restore patriotic education, you know what I mean by that, and we will teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag.

Donald Trump: And we will live by the timeless words of our national motto: In God, We Trust. And I don't know if you saw it, but during the Democrat National Convention and caucus they took twice, I thought I was sort of, maybe they made a mistake. You saw that. They took the word 'God' out of the Pledge of Allegiance twice.

Donald Trump: And then they said, "Oh!" Well, maybe it was a mistake. It wasn't a mistake, that's where they're coming from, don't be foolish. That's where they're coming from. And there's nothing that Sleepy Joe Biden can do about it. For years you had a President who apologized for America. Now you have a President who is standing up for America and standing up for Michigan.

Donald Trump: So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and your co-workers and get out and vote, so important. From Grand Rapids to Saginaw, from Kalamazoo to Mackinaw, and from Flint to right here in Freeland, we stand on the shoulders of generations of Michigan patriots who gave their blood, sweat, and tears for this beloved nation.

Donald Trump: This is the state where Henry Ford invented the assembly line. It's the place where General Motors, Chrysler, and Kellogg revolutionized entire industries. Mission -- Well, you know this one, right? Michigan gave us Motown, right? Right. That's right. Motown. We love Motown. Michigan gave us Motown. Gave us Motown, gave us the Mustang, and the unrivaled might of the American Midwest.

Donald Trump: This is the state where tough, strong, and determined workers made America into the greatest and most powerful nation in the history of the world, and we are making it greater and greater every single day. Proud citizens like you helped build this country and together we will be taking back our country, we'll be taking it back from people that don't love our country, and that take back is almost complete.

Donald Trump: We have to win on November 3rd. We're returning power to you, the American people. With your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. We are going to keep on winning. Vote for John James, John James.

Donald Trump: We need John James. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God, and together with the incredible people of Michigan, we will make America wealthy again. We will make America stronger again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again and we will make America great again.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Michigan. We love you, Michigan. Thank you.