Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-campaign-rally-tucson-arizona-october-19-2020

Donald Trump: Wow, thank you, thank you. What a crowd, wow. Wow! Thank you, Tucson. Thank you Tucson. [Audience chants "USA"] Wow. Wow, thank you very much Tucson. I'm thrilled to be in Arizona with the thousands of loyal hard-working American patriots. 15 days from now we're going to win the state of Arizona, and we are going to win four more years in that beautiful White House.

Donald Trump: Everybody needs to get out and vote. Return your absentee ballot or vert You know, you can go out there, I think, today. When do you do it? Today, tomorrow, whatever. You can go and vote today they say. Today, go out and vote. That beats a ballot, do you agree? That beats a ballot. Remember the old-fashioned days when you'd actually go out and vote.

Donald Trump: Today they send you millions of ballots. Are you okay over there? Everyone fine? Good, okay. He looks better than I do, that guy. He looks better than I do. Good, thank you. You make sure you're okay. With your vote we'll continue to cut your taxes and regulations, maintain energy independence, which we have now strengthen our military, support our police, protect our second amendment.

Donald Trump: I don't know, I don't see you people -- I don't think you're gonna want to give up those guns, I don't think so. That's not, that's not for Arizona. Defend our borders, arrest violent criminals, and confirm more judges to uphold the rule of law. Under my leadership, prosperity will surge. What we've done in the last three and a half years has been incredible.

Donald Trump: Nobody's ever done what we've done. There is no administration that's accomplished what we've accomplished in the first three and a half years, not even close. Optimism will boom, the pandemic, it's rounding the turn, vaccines are coming, and I look fine don't I, you know. And we'll get back to a normal life.

Donald Trump: That's what we want, just a normal -- Just seven months ago, we want to get back and we'll be better than that very soon. We built a foundation that's so strong, and you see what's happening. Stock market through the roof, your 401K's through the roof, your stocks, through the roof, your housing through the roof.

Donald Trump: Everything is good, your optimism. And what about 56% of the people? Just a Gallup poll, just came out. 56% of the people say they're better off today than they were four years ago, and they -- and we have a pandemic! And next year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our country, that's what's gonna happen.

Donald Trump: We're cutting your taxes, they're raising your taxes. That's, uh, an easy one to figure out isn't it? This election is a choice between a Trump super recovery or a Biden depression, if he even gets to run. It's a choice between getting a safe vaccine and getting back in and working. And by the way, you have a governor here today, he's done a great job, and he's kept you open.

Donald Trump: You're open, unlike some of 'em, like, Michigan. You know, we won the case in Michigan, you know? The only one that was allowed to have a good time was the governor's husband. He was allowed to do whatever the hell he wanted, but nobody else. They were, like, in a prison. But we're gonna have a safe vaccine, and, uh, Biden, you know what he's gonna do?

Donald Trump: Lock 'em down, let's lock everybody down. But we built the greatest economy ever. We had to close it down, we saved millions of lives by doing what we did. Then we built it back up, and now we're doing record type numbers. And it's a choice between the American dream or a socialist nightmare, that's what it is.

Donald Trump: Biden will delay therapies, postpone the vaccine, prolong the pandemic, close your schools, and shut down our country. [Audience Boos] And we're opening, and we're opening rapidly, and we've got a V-shape. It may be a super V. It looks like it's a super V, which nobody ever even heard of before. [Inaudible] He will massively raise your taxes, bury your reg You -- you will be buried in regulations.

Donald Trump: You know, we cut regulations. It would take 18 to 21 years to get a highway approved. We have it down to one year. And you know what? From two to one, well it's very shortly, to be exact. Right now it's less than two. We're gonna have it down to one year, and it may get rejected for environmental reasons, or safety, and that's okay.

Donald Trump: Probably not, but that's okay. But you know what? You're gonna have it approved or not approved, and it's a one year process, not a 21 year process. And this is going on all over the country. And in my opinion, what we've done on regulations is even more important than the biggest tax cut in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: I think it's more important. And they're gonna bring all those regulations back. They want to dismantle your police departments dissolve your borders, dissolve your borders. If you don't have borders, you don't have a country. Confiscate your guns, ban American energy. Wipe out private health care, 180 million people.

Donald Trump: Terminate religious liberty. This is for the women, the women who live in the suburbs, they want to destroy your suburbs, and I ended the rule that was going to destroy. I ended the regulation that was going to des I kept hearing that women from the suburbs won't like Trump. I said, "Why, because I'm stopping crime?" You're gonna have suburbs be safe.

Donald Trump: Suburbs -- You're having safe suburbs. And you're not gonna have low-income housing projects built next to your house. We ended the regulation that would have destroyed your suburbs. It's amazing how the women like me all of a sudden. And as you know, the Democrats, they want to cut our military to the bone.

Donald Trump: And we built the greatest military, right now, in the history of our country, frankly, in the history of the world. Biden will surrender your jobs to China, he will surrender your future to the virus, and he will surrender your country to the radical, socialist left, and you see that happening. The only thing Biden wants to do is get as much as he can for himself.

Donald Trump: Have you been watchin' this whole thing play out? "I didn't know anything about it." Oh, here's a picture of Biden playing golf with these people. "I didn't know my son was, uh, takin' money from Burisma. I didn't know my son got three and a half billion dollars from the mayor of Moscow's wife." I wonder why?

Donald Trump: And then you see all the things, right? That we have to give the man 10%. [Audience chants "Lock him Up"] We have to give the man 10%, right? Aw, boy. Well I'll tell what nobody's ever seen. And the media right? And big tech they won't, they won't allow it. Charlie Kirk, you know Charlie Kirk, great guy?

Donald Trump: They shut down his site because he mentioned it. Look, he's a corrupt politician, this guy. He's a corrupt politician. To get the power, Biden has made a corrupt bargain in exchange for his party's nomination. He has handed control of his party over to the socialist, the communist, the Marxist, and the left-wing extremists, and that's before we get to his own personal corruption which is more than anybody in history.

Donald Trump: I say this, it's the second biggest scandal politically in the history of our country. Number one, was spying on my campaign and getting caught. Biden even chose as his running mate the most liberal senator in America Kamala -- Kamala. Senator Kamala Harris is a sponsor of the socialist Green New Deal and legislation strip away the private health plans of 180 million Americans.

Donald Trump: And, you know, her and Bernie Sanders want to do something in Arizona. They have some deal in Arizona where your taxes are gonna go way up. You know that right? Your governor, who's right over here your great governor was saying -- Well he's not happy with it. But Bernie Sanders, the second-most liberal person -- you know, she's first, right?

Donald Trump: She's considered fir They want to raise your taxes eight and a half percent. So I'm glad to -- right governor? He's saying more. [Laughs] It's probably more. What is the name of that governor? Rural what? Right? You know about it. Okay, you can't have 'em in, because they control Biden 100%. Biden is shot.

Donald Trump: You know he's shot right? He's Gonzo. Harris, also, [Inaudible] their supporters to donate to a fund that bailed out the rioters, the ones that knocked out your towns, your cities. Not in Republican areas, by the way, all in Democrat areas. You look at Portland. [Inaudible] about that. We would have taken 15 minutes, we could have solved that.

Donald Trump: We told the governor, Democrat, "Let us in, we'll solve that problem." We went into Minneapolis, it took us a half an hour, that was over with. Unfortunately, they could have called a little earlier. And in Seattle they gave up when they heard we were going in the next morning. But we were tough. Look, all Democrat areas, New York goin' to hell.

Donald Trump: I feel so sad with New York. Crime is up 200, 250% Cuomo. Uh, a terrible thing has happened in New York. Look at Chicago, Democrat again. Crime is through the roof. They had a weekend, 87 people were shot and 16 died, okay? Now do you believe it? This is an -- Hey, we're in Afghanistan, you don't lose as many people.

Donald Trump: We're coming out, by the way, it's all coming, we're -- we're all comin' back home. But -- but, you go to war zones you don't have that. And we could solve it so easily. [Audience member calls "We love you"] Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. You know, there's never been that chant before, seriously. We all like Ronald Reagan.

Donald Trump: I guess he would be But he never had that chant, "We love you." Thank you for that, "We love you." You're gonna make me cry, don't do that, I don't want to cry. I don't want to cry. You'll make me cry. You'll destroy my image, and then you won't love me anymore, that would be terrible. I appreciate it. No, I do.

Donald Trump: And I feel the same way. That's why I'm doin' thi I had a good live before I did this stuff, believe me. My life was very simple and very nice. The Democrat party's war on cops is inciting riots and putting police officers and American families in very grave danger. Unlike Joe Biden, I will always support the heroes of law enforcement.

Donald Trump: And I was endorsed by almost every law enforcement group in the United States, including New York's finest, and Chicago, and Florida, and Texas, and Oklahoma, and every place. And I was just named, I have to say this happened today, the man of the year in their big magazine, The Blue Magazine, a good name for it.

Donald Trump: Man of the year, so I just tell you that. For whatever reason I tell you that. I'm the only one standing between you and a left-wing crusade. You know, you have people, they want to change our whole country. And the thing that's gonna bring us back together is success, because I'll tell you, we were ready.

Donald Trump: I was getting calls -- Seven months ago, we had the best employment numbers we ever had, we had the greatest success we've ever had, we were beating China at everything. You know, you kept hearing about Chin We were beating everybody. And they were calling me, people that I wouldn't be speaking to generally, "Let's get together." It was happening, and then we got hit by the China plague, and then we had to start all over again.

Donald Trump: But it will -- Success brings us together. I saw it, and I, we saw it for two months, it was really going on. A new study of the Biden-Harris agenda found that their plans will crater the typical American family by more than $6,500. They're horrible -- horrible plans to finance what? The blue the new, the new Green Deal.

Donald Trump: The Green New Deal is the craziest thing, right? No more aeroplanes, no more double cars, no more cows. If you have a ranch, you won't have cows anymore. No more you you'll be next. In just three years I increased family income by $6,000 and we're not even talking about the energy. Did you ever think you'd be seeing $2.00 gasoline again, and we got that and it's plentiful.

Donald Trump: And we saved all our energy jobs. All of our energy jobs we saved. Biden will eviscerate the all of our energy jobs we save. Biden will eviscerate the middle class, my policies will lift the middle class to record highs, and that's where we're going very quickly. For the last 47 years Sleepy Joe Biden shipped away your jobs, shut down your factories, threw open your borders, and ravaged our cities while sacrificing American blood and treasure in these endless, ridiculous foreign wars.

Donald Trump: In countries you never even heard of. Joe Biden is a servant of the left wing globalists and lobbyists, the wealthy donors, the Washington vultures who got rich bleeding America dry. You know, they raise a lot of money the Democrats, you know why? Because they make deals. They make deals. I would be the greatest fundraiser in history if I wanted to call Wall Street.

Donald Trump: I know 'em all. "I want 10 million dollars for my campaign." "Yes sir." All I have to say is, "I want 10 million, I want 15, I want 25." I would set every record. But you know what happens when you do that? You're selling yourself out. When you have to do something you can't do it anymore, 'cause you fell guilty.

Donald Trump: You see them setting all sorts of records, I know what the records are, the records are every time they set a record they gave away everything. In 2016 you voted to fire this corrupt and decrepit political establishment. And you elected an outsider as president who is finally putting America first. 'Bout time.

Donald Trump: It's about time. It's about time. Joe Biden is always and always has been a corrupt politician. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician. And you know what? You knew that. And a lot of people knew it for a long time. But now you have the laptop, it's over. It's over. And as far as I'm concerned, the Biden family is a criminal enterprise, and that's what it is, it's a criminal enterprise.

Donald Trump: Smoking gun emails shown, we just found them, you saw that. Did you see uh, shifty shift, we think that the uh, laptop was made by Russia. Oh, I see. Ah. Ah, he just said it was made by Russia. Here we go again, Russia did it. Russia, Russia, Russia. You know, the head of DNI, John Ratcliffe was fantastic, came out and said, "Uh, that was false information." Now these are bad people, these are sick people.

Donald Trump: Do you notice they never say it was made by China? Because they're all on the take. Smoking gun emails show, just came out, that the Biden family used the vice presidency as a for-profit cash regime. And that Joe Biden has been lying to the American public to cover it up. Remember he said, "No, I never met anybody from Burisma is it?

Donald Trump: Is it Burisma?" Actually I, that I understand, because he's got no memory left, it's gone to him. "Is it Burisma? No, I don't re-" And then they show a picture of him playing golf with the head of Burisma. Ah boy, oh boy. If Biden wins, China wins. And China will own the USA. Remember what I said. The media and big tech is trying to hide the entire scandal, do you believe what they're doing?

Donald Trump: They're taking people like a Charlie Kirk and others off if they even mention that Biden is corrupt. And they know he's corrupt, but he's their corrupt, he's so perfect for them, he's their corrupt. Because they know that publicizing these revelations would mean an end of Biden's presidential run. I think it's an end right now.

Donald Trump: Look, you know, I think it's an end right now. How the hell could you do, when you see the kind of things that they do where the big guy has to get at least 10%, the big guy. I wonder who the big guy is? Gee, I wonder. When you see what it -- If you put him as president you should be ashamed of yourselves.

Donald Trump: You want to know that? So, I'm not just running against Biden, I'm running against the left wing media, the big tech giants, and the Washington swamp, and I've been running against it from the beginning. And here I am, all by myself. It's really, [Laughs], aye, aye, aye. Anybody else they would have been in a corner right now, thumb in mouth saying, "Mommy, take me home mommy, I want to go home." No it's uh, it's great.

Donald Trump: You know why it's great though? Because nobody's ever done what we've done. Nobody. [Audience chants "Drain the swamp"] Drain the swamp. They flood your communities with criminal aliens, drugs and crime, while they live behind beautiful gated communities. They try to take away your guns while they enjoy private security, fully armed by the way.

Donald Trump: Hell, fully armed. How 'bout Bloomberg? We are fighting guns, and he's got five guys around him with guns, you know? They support crippling lockdowns while their jobs and their industry remain totally exempt. It's time to send a message to these wealthy liberal hypocrites in Washington and in Silicon Valley.

Donald Trump: Show them the American people are in charge, by delivering their chosen candidate Sleepy Joe Biden, who shouldn't even be their candidate. He should've lost because Elizabeth Pocahontas Warren. If she would've dropped out the day before Super Tuesday, Joe would've lost every single state to Crazy Bernie, it's a very simple business.

Donald Trump: But we have to show them, the Democrats, a thundering defeat on November 3rd. And if I don't sound like a typical Washington politician, it's because I'm not a politician [Inaudible]. If I don't always play by the rules of the Washington establishment, it's because I was elected to fight for you harder than anyone has ever fought for you, which is true.

Donald Trump: And I'm fighting so hard. I had a great life. I'm fighting so hard because I love my country, and because I'm determined to ensure that the forgotten men and women of this country are never forgotten again, and they won't be. They won't be. And we taught that lesson to 'em four years ago, but we're gonna teach 'em again.

Donald Trump: Because this is the most important -- You know, I used to go, a few months ago say, "Well, I don't know, this is important, that's important, which is more important?" This is the most important election in the history of our country. The Biden agenda would be a catastrophe for Arizona seniors. Do we have any seniors in the house?

Donald Trump: Huh? Biden is pledging mass amnesty and free federal health care for illegal aliens, you saw that. Where he was up on the stage with his radical left Democrats. Who's willing to give free health care to illegal igri -- immigrants, right? They said, to illegal immigrants. Right? And everybody raised their hand and Biden couldn't get his up. 'Cause he knew, you know, he's been doing this crap for 47 years, right?

Donald Trump: He's gone, he couldn't, he knew it was wrong. But then he looked and his brain is shot, so he looked over to -- And their hands were all up. Then he looked over there and their hands were all up, there were a lot of them. He knew it was wrong, because it would be so horrible for our country, because everyone's going to flood our country, you get free health care, right?

Donald Trump: You get free health care, you get free education. I jokingly said, "And everybody gets a Rolls-Royce." And CNN said, "That's a lie." So what happened is, he couldn't get it up. And then he looked, and he looked, and he got it up. And I said, "Thank you, we just won the election." He would decimate Medicare if he did that.

Donald Trump: And it's not going to be up to him, that's his party, that's what they want, they want socialized medicine. And he'll destroy your Social Security. While I'm president, no one will touch your Medicare or your Social Security. You know, the amazing thing, Biden's always complaining. "Oh, he didn't stop China fast enough." Except he didn't want to stop them at all, you know, little things like this.

Donald Trump: But you know, he's always complaining, and yet he was here for 47 years. Right? I say, "Joe, Joe, it's not like you're an outsider." And it wasn't that long ago either. 47 years and it, all he does is complain. Biden had 47 years to fight for seniors and reduce prescription drug costs, and look what I've done.

Donald Trump: And I've just exercised -- I, they're gonna come down 70, 80, 90%. 'Cause I just did something that nobody thought anybody would do, a favored nation's clause, we pay the lowest in the world. You'll see numbers that are shocking. And I'd happy with me, the big pharma. Big pharma is spending a lot of money.

Donald Trump: When you see those ads, please remember, every one of those ads means your drug prices are coming down. They can't believe it. I tried to make a deal with 'em, I did, I tried. But we couldn't. In the end we couldn't. It got too greedy, too much money, too much money. But, you know, last year, we brought drug prices down 1%. I'm not bragging about it.

Donald Trump: It's the first time in 52 years that drug prices came down. But now we're going for the big one. Now we're going for the big one. And, you know, rebates. You know, the richest people, the middlemen, you know the middle men about drugs? You know that? We have middlemen. Nobody knows who the hell they are.

Donald Trump: Never here middlewomen, I hear middlemen. So, we'll make it politically correct, middlemen, middle -- No, they call it middlemen. Nobody knows who they are. These guys are so rich. Who are they? I'll bet you Hunter gets a piece of the action, didn't he? Hunter Biden is a middleman on top of everything else.

Donald Trump: He gets it from China, he gets it from Ukraine, he got 3.5 million from Russia from Moscow. He got 3.5. And on top of everything else, he's a middleman. Nah, I'll bet he is. He probably gets a piece of the action. But instead he sold seniors out to the drug lobby and to big pharma, that's Biden Sr. I'm taking on the powerful special interests like never before, nobody's ever done this before.

Donald Trump: Nobody's ever done it before. I mean, for years you heard about drug prices, nobody ever did anything. And now you hear about drug prices, and they're dropping, they're gonna be dropping like a rock. Also, I'm letting your governor, your great governor by, until the thing kicks in, and probably litigation.

Donald Trump: But you know, I've exercised this whole thing with favored nation. So, if Germany pays 10 cents for a pill and we're paying $2.50, and you have that kind of disparity, it's ridiculous, that we have the right to match. In other words, we get the lowest price. But until it kicks in, Canada pays half of what we pay.

Donald Trump: So I'm letting your governor, and other governors, go to Canada, buy your drugs through Canada, save 50%. We get rid of the middlemen. The other thing we did, very big, much less than what we're talking about, but very big. We capped insulin costs for medicine and Medicare. For Medicare plans at less than $35 a month.

Donald Trump: People were dying because they couldn't afford insulin. 33 million seniors. 33. Think of this, $35, but 33 million seniors on Medicare will soon be receiving $200 to help with their drug costs on top of everything else. Nobody's done it. By the way, in all fairness, nobody has done anything like this. But your big thing, your big thing is going to be when you see what happens with the favored nations, because you've been hearing about it for years, where other countries are paying a tiny fraction of what we, we bear all of the cost because our politicians sold us out.

Donald Trump: They sold us out. But, I'm not a politician, so it's one of the -- I couldn't stand watching it. To battle the China virus, we launched the largest mobilization since WWII. Our early and aggressive action saved more than two million lives. I acted early to ban travel from China and Ch -- uh, trav -- how 'bout this? "You should've done it sooner." But in the meantime, when I did it, he called me xenophobic, right?

Donald Trump: And then much later he agreed that I was right. And now he's saying I should've done it sooner. This guy. I also banned it from Europe, because I saw with Italy, and with Spain, and with France. And by the way, they have a big spike right now. They have a very big spike right now, and we're doing good. We are rounding the turn.

Donald Trump: We have the vaccines coming and all, but even without, we're rounding the turn. People are pandemiced out, you know that? They're pandemiced out. That's why it's so great what your governor's done. He's opened up your state, you're doing great. We pioneered life s -- And by the way, you get it, you know, like I say, here I am.

Donald Trump: I'm here. I'm here. And now I'm immune. I can jump into this audience and kiss every man and woman, I'm immune, right? They say. It used to be you're immune for life, and then when I got it I said, "I'm immune." They said, "It's only get for four months." See if anybody else -- You understand that, right?

Donald Trump: I'll jump into that audience right there. We pioneered life saving therapies and reduced the fatality rate 85%, think of it. And I had it too. I didn't feel good, I felt not so great. And I'm not used to that. And we can't let that happen to a president, 'cause we n -- And I'm not used to that, and we can't let that happen to a president, 'cause we n -- we have to be at the top of our game.

Donald Trump: That's why you can't let Biden be president, 'cause he's not at the top of his game mentally. Can't have that. One thing I can tell you, Putin, President Xi of China, Kim Jong-un, all of them. Macron. They're very much at the top of their game. You can't let this happen to our country. You can't. But I wa -- I was laying, and you know, if you're president, one thing you're guaranteed, lots of doctors.

Donald Trump: And they would grab, and they'd grab me by every part they had. Hands all over me. I said, "Get the hell out of here. I just don't feel good." But, and we ended up, I used the drug Regeneron, which nobody ever thought about six months ago. And I woke up the next morning and I was, like, I felt like Superman. "Get me out of here!"

Donald Trump: I said, "Get me out of here." And Eli Lilly makes a similar product, and we're gonna distribute that. We're trying to get emergency use so we can do it faster, because it's early but it's fantastic. Antibodies. And we're gonna distribute it all over and we're going to make sure that people that have a problem, they get the same drug as I got.

Donald Trump: And I'm telling you, it'll be the same result. It'll be the same result. And it's free. We're gonna do it free. Companies are working with us. Because it's not their fault. It's China's fault. It's not their fault. But I woke up and I felt good. I said, "Get me out of here." Boom. Superman. Through operation warp speed, we will have 100 million vaccine doses before the end of the year, and our military's going to distribute them and they are, there's nobody like our military. [Audience chants "Superman"] [Laughs] The vaccine will end the pandemic, but even without the vaccine, the pandemic is ending.

Donald Trump: It's gonna end. It ends with it. But you know, this could, this could go quickly. This could make it go a lot faster. Biden's lockdown will crush America. My plan will crush the virus and bring back your American Dream. So we're joined today by some very special people. A friend of mine, somebody that's been with me from the beginning.

Donald Trump: I've been with him from the beginning. He's very difficult, because when he needs something for the state like money, he'll call me all the time. I say, "Doug, do me a favor. Give me a break." But I guess that's what you're supposed to do, right? That's what you want. He's supposed to call and finally I'll say, "All right, Doug.

Donald Trump: You got it. Get out of here. Promise not to call." Then he'll call me two weeks later. "I need more." But he's a great governor, one of the greatest governors. He's done a fantastic job. You're down to very low numbers, by the way. Doug Ducey. Doug, please. And we want to vote for Martha McSally. Save your Second Amendment.

Donald Trump: Save your Second Amendment. Doug, you want to come up? Come up, Doug. Come here for a second. Come on, Doug. I'll tell you, this guy has been a great guy. I don't know if you like him or not. I don't care. He's been a great governor. Come on.

Doug Ducey: Donald Trump will win Arizona. Donald Trump will be reelected President of the United States. And along with Donald Trump and Mike Pence, Martha McSally on November third will join them in the US Senate. Mr. President, because of your policies, Arizona's economy is booming. Our home values are rising faster than anywhere else in the nation, and Amy Coney Barrett will be confirmed to the Supreme Court.

Doug Ducey: J -- Joe Biden is wrong for America. Joe Biden would lock us down. Joe Biden would reduce your income $6,500, and Joe Biden would make Washington, DC a state. And, and how many presidents of the United States would protect Arizona by talking about what Bernie Sanders wants to do here by endorsing Prop 208, wanting to raise our taxes 77%? So on November third, vote no on Prop 208 and vote yes for Donald Trump and Mike Pence to go back to the White House.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Doug. He's a great governor. He's a great, great governor. What a job he's done. And you know what? We're not gonna take her time or anything, but Martha McSally is here. She's saving your Second Amendment. She's been a great, great senator. Martha, come here, honey. She's been a great, great senator, and just go out and vote for Martha McSally.

Donald Trump: Save your Second Amendment. Save your Second Amendment. Thank you. I'll see you down there. Thank you, darling. She's done a great job. And she's a worker and she's a great fighter pilot. They told me all about her. Some of the pilots, they said she was a great fighter pilot. So thank you, Martha. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Doug. We also have a congressional candidate that they say is a star in the making. I've heard it from a lot of people. Vote for Brandon Martin. Where's Brandon? Brandon, good luck, man. I hear it's going, going good? Good. Thank you, Brandon. Brandon Martin. Thank you, Brandon. You're gonna do great.

Donald Trump: I heard you're doing really well. Under my administration, we built the greatest economy in the history of the world, and now we're doing it again. You know, it's make America great again, right? I say, "Make American great again again." Again again. We did it, and now we had to do it again. It's all right.

Donald Trump: It's happening. And it's happening much faster. S -- looks like a super V. In my first three years, we increased family income more than five times the gains in all eight years under the last administra -- Think of that. Five times more in the first three years. Five times more than eight years of the Obama-Biden administra -- So that's not even believable.

Donald Trump: African-American unemployment, Hispanic-American unemployment, Asian-American unemployment, all reached record lows. The lowest in the history of our country. We lifted 6.6 million Americans out of poverty, including more than 1.5 million Hispanic-Americans. That's a record. And I'm doing very well in the polls with Hispanic-Americans, but I always liked you and you always liked me.

Donald Trump: The fake news just didn't know that. Our policies are lifting up all Americans of every income. Since the China virus, we created 11.4 million American jobs. It's a record, too. Nobody's ever seen anything like it. You know, the unemployment rate -- And normally I wouldn't be happy about this, right? But the unemployment rate a week ago hit 7.8%. Think of that.

Donald Trump: Now, we were hearing 42. "It's gonna 42. It's gonna go to 44. It's gonna to 38." 7.8%, and heading this way. Think of that. Would you believe that? Normally I wouldn't say it, because we were at 3.4, 3.5 and heading even better than that, but that's okay. We'll be there soon. And after the virus left China, we experienced the smallest contraction of any major Western country, and the faster recovery anywhere in the world, from an economy standpoint.

Donald Trump: And we've already cut the unemployment rate in less than half. That's a fantastic thing. Under Biden and Obama, it took over three-and-a-half years for Arizona to regain 60% of the jobs lost in the crisis, and we've done it in four months. Think of that. And it wasn't our fault, wasn't our fault. Manufacturing production is up 61%. Retail sales are up, excuse me, 121%. That means more than before the pandemic.

Donald Trump: And automobile production, nobody's gonna believe this one, is up 350% since April lows. 350%. I have a way that we can stop it. Elect Sleepy Joe. No, no, your four -- Who has a 401(k)? Okay. So if I told you that your 401(k)s and you're all at record highs or very close, right? If I told you that your 401(k)s will be cut in half and much worse than that, that's what's gonna happen.

Donald Trump: You're gonna end up in a depression with this guy. He's gonna raise your taxes by four or five times, and they're gonna put on regulations. Every company is gonna say, "Let's get out of here." 'Cause I'll tell you, the regulation cuts, which are more than anybody, than any administration's ever done, the regulation cuts in their own way were more important than the biggest tax cut in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: Thank you, ma'am. As president, I've been delivering for our incredible Hispanic-American community like nobody has done before. And I'm fighting for school choice, safe neighborhoods, and Hispanic-owned small businesses. Joe Biden would wipe out your small businesses with lockdowns and regulations. You know, he said the other day, "Oh, I'd lock it down." Oh, great.

Donald Trump: That's thanks a lot, Joe. We appreciate it. And devastate your families with massive tax hikes. He will wage war on Catholic organizations, ban charter schools, fund extreme late-term abortion, and he'll let socialists run wild. And we will never have a socialist country. We will never have it. We can't. We won't have a country.

Donald Trump: That's why we're going to win a record share of the Hispanic vote this November. Get out and vote. Get out and vote. For decades, our politicians spent trillions of dollars rebuilding foreign nations, fighting foreign wars, defending foreign borders, but now we are finally protecting our nation, rebuilding our cities.

Donald Trump: We are protecting our borders. You know, the wall is almost finished, right? Our southern border. And by the way, the biggest beneficiary maybe happens to be Arizona. That wall, how good is the wall? The governor was telling me before, they stopped coming in. Now they come in, they come in legally. No, the wall is great.

Donald Trump: Goes down deep and it goes up high. No more tunneling. And we're bringing our jobs, our factories, our troops back home in the USA where they belong, right? Under my leadership, we achieved the most secure border in US history. Our southern border is now. And I want to thank Mexico. Mexico has right now 27,000 troops guarding our border.

Donald Trump: How 'bout that? And we built almost 400 miles of the wall. We're averaging about 10 miles a day, and it's the best. It's exactly what border patrol wanted. I said, "I'd like to just put up, I'd just like to put concrete plank." They said, "No, sir. We got to have it this way, sir." We gave them the ultimate.

Donald Trump: We gave them everything they wanted, and they're really happy and it's had a huge impact. We've got the best, we've got the best border that we've ever had. And you know what? You have a big chunk of it right here, and it's really worked. You have 200 miles, they tell me. 200 miles. 200 miles. I didn't know you had -- That's a lot of mileage.

Donald Trump: You're not paying a damn cent for it, either. All compliments of the federal government. Remember when Nancy Pelosi, they all said, "We don't need a wall. Walls are obsolete." Two things don't get obsolete. Walls and wheels, right? Everything else is obsolete. You know, they developed a new chip yesterday, and in about 15 minutes it's gonna be obsolete.

Donald Trump: They developed a new computer. 15 minutes, obsolete. The two things that will never be obsolete: a wheel and a wall. Remember the Democrats? They said, "No, we want drones. We want drones. You can have drones watching everybody pour into the country." No, thanks. Nope. 200 miles of wall in Arizona, and you've got it all at, uh -- It's all done.

Donald Trump: Joe Biden's party continues to attack our incredible border agents, and they are. More than half of whom happen to be Hispanic-Americans. I know a lot of 'em. Right? There are, oh. There's some guys here. [Laughs] Am I right? Right? The Republic party will always stand with the heroes of ICE and border patrol.

Donald Trump: These are incredible people. They're doing an incredible job. My opponent's immigration plan is the most extreme proposal ever put forward. Biden's plan would eliminate US proposal ever put forward. Biden's plan would eliminate US borders by implementing nationwide catch and -- They want nationwide catch and rele You know what catch and release is?

Donald Trump: You catch them, take their name, they could be murderers, rapists, and then you release them into our country. Guess what? We don't do that anymore. Okay? That wasn't easy. But it would've made every community into -- and they wanna make every community into a sanctuary city, and they wanna suspend all removals of illegal aliens.

Donald Trump: So what they're doing, and this is done by crazy Bernie, right? You know, Bernie Sanders made a deal, we call it, the manifesto, with Joe Biden. And it's further left than Bernie ever was. Joe did a great job of negotiation, it's supposed to bring him to the right, he brought him to the left. It would mean the total nullification of US borders, overwhelming every city and town in America.

Donald Trump: MS-13 and criminal cartels would rampage throughout our country freely. If Biden wins, your borders are gone, which means your healthcare is gone, the middle class is gone, and your safety is gone. Other than that, he's doing quite a good job. From the moment I took office, I worked night and day to stop illegal immigration, it wasn't easy, and now we've got it.

Donald Trump: And stopping it for Arizona was a, that was a big deal. I ended catch and release, I closed the lobbyist loopholes, I took down the smugglers and coyotes, these are not nice people, by the way, and I kept my promise to the American people. We are finding the drug dealers all over, and we are arresting the drug dealers like they have never been arrested before.

Donald Trump: We're finding the predators, we're finding the gang members, we're finding MS-13 killers, and we are either throwing them in jail, or sending them the hell back home where they came from. We invested 2.5 trillion dollars in our military, we have the greatest equipment now, anywhere in the world, and you know when I first got here, a very highly overrated general told me, "Sir, we have no ammunition." I said, "No president should ever hear that.

Donald Trump: We have no ammunition." Truly, this was a general who I didn't have a lot of respect for, but he said we had no ammunition. So I said, "Well, we're gonna have to do something." We got 2.5 trillion dollars, we now are the envy of the world, we have weapons the likes of which nobody in the world has. Russia, China, nobody.

Donald Trump: And for our Vets we passed VA Choice and VA Accountability. We killed the leader of ISIS, Al Baghdadi, and we took out the world's number one terrorist and mass murderer of American troupes and many, many people, Soleimani is dead. I withdrew from the last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear deal, 150 billion dollars, 1.8 billion in cash.

Donald Trump: Not the best deal. It would've been ending now almost, anyway. I recognized the true capital of Israel and opened the American Embassy in Jerusalem. I also recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights, they'd been working on that for 52 years, I got it done in two hours. And instead of the endless wars, we're forging peace in the Middle East, no blood in the sand.

Donald Trump: I did more in 47 months than Joe Biden did in 47 years. A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, a limitless future, and for the American dream, it's for the American dream. Remember, you know, the Republican Party is the party of Abraham Lincoln, right? The party of American -- You know, Abraham Lincoln, I tell that to people, they never knew.

Donald Trump: They said, "Gee, I never knew that." But, Abraham, Honest Abe was a special person. But in conclusion, over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing super power of the world, and we will end our reliance on China once and for all, it's already happening. We will hire more police, increase penalties for assaults on law enforcement, and we will ban deadly sanctuary cities.

Donald Trump: We will uphold religious liberty, free speech, and the right to keep and bare arms. We will strike down terrorists who threaten our citizens, and we will keep America out of these ridiculous foreign wars, foreign wars. Countries you've never even heard of. We will maintain America's unrivaled military might, and we will ensure peace through strength.

Donald Trump: We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, it's already done, it's all signed, starts on January 1st, it'll be more important, watch, than healthcare. It'll be even more important, I'm telling you, it's the numbers you're talking about. Price transparency. Remember. Further reduce the cost of prescription drugs, and we will always protect patients with preexisting conditions, always.

Donald Trump: America will land the first woman on the moon, and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars. It's happening soon. And NASA is now the space center of the world, again. It was a mess. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students, and restore patriotic education to our schools.

Donald Trump: We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag. And we will live by the timeless words of our national motto, In God We Trust. For years you had a president who apologized for America, now you have a president who is standing up for America, and standing up for the great people of Arizona.

Donald Trump: This is the most important election in the history of our country, it's the most important. I never thought I'd be saying that. It's the most important. [Audience chants "We love Trump"] Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Very much appreciated. This is the most important election in the history of our country, and I never did, I never thought I'd be saying that.

Donald Trump: But I'm seeing where these people wanna take us, they wanna take us into a land that's never worked. Look at Venezuela, it's the same ideology, same philosophy, it's just a much bigger version, but it can happen. We can't let it happen. The United States will never be a socialist nation. Get out there. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get your co-workers, get your boss, and get out and vote.

Donald Trump: From Phoenix to Flagstaff, from Mesa to Yuma, from Tombstone, what a great name, to right here in Tucson, we stand on the shoulders of red blooded American patriots, who poured out their heart, sweat, and soul, for our liberty, and for our freedom. This great, great, great state, I love this state. I love this state.

Donald Trump: No, it's been -- You know what? Arizona's been good to me from the beginning, from the beginning, from day one, right? We had the big victory. My first speech was in Arizona, right? Remember? Phoenix. Remember that? We had this big convention hall, I said, "How the hell are you gonna fill it?" And we had that thing packed and there were lines outside they couldn't get in.

Donald Trump: I said, "Wow." And that's when the fake news started saying, "What the hell is going on with this Trump guy?" Right? Remember that, in Phoenix, the big convention center was packed? And there were thousands and thousands of people. That was my first speech, and they started saying, "What's that all about?" Even I said, "What's that all about?" Right?

Donald Trump: But I'm glad we all did it, and we did it together, and this was the first place, Arizona. Thank you very much. Thank you. This great state was settled by some of the toughest men and strongest women ever to walk the face of the earth. Arizona is where [Inaudible] and Doc Holiday became American legends. [Inaudible]. It's where the great American West became the American dream.

Donald Trump: And Arizona is the state where generations of pioneers and prospectors, miners and ranchers, cowboys and cattle hands, marshals and lawman, tamed the frontier, braved the blazing sun, like I'm doing right now, I'm gonna be like a -- you're gonna see me tomorrow, I'm gonna look like a lobster. You're gonna say, "Look what we did to him." They said, "Would you like to wear a hat?" I said, "There's no way I'm wearing a hat, I gotta show these -- We gotta show strength, right?" Strength.

Donald Trump: And show the entire world how the West was won. This is it. They helped make America into the greatest nation in the history of the world, and the best is yet to come. It's happening, it's happening. Proud citizens like you, help build this country, and together we are taking back our country, we are returning power to you, the American people.

Donald Trump: With your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. And together with the incredible people of Arizona, we have made America powerful again.

Donald Trump: We have made America wealthy again. Stock market. We have made America strong again, our military. We have made America proud again. We have made America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you very much. Thank you, Arizona. Get out and vote. Get out and vote. Thank you.