Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-campaign-rally-avoca-pennsylvania-november-2-2020

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. This does not look like a second place finish. I saw sleepy Joe, he had about 12 people and unable to fill up his circles. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. [Audience chants "Four more years"] Thank you. Thank you very much. Ah, Pennsylvania.

Donald Trump: We love Pennsylvania. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. This is a nice rowdy crowd, isn't it? Huh? Only in Pennsylvania, you know, uh, we win Pennsylvania, we win the whole deal, you know that right? Just like last time. We want to have the same result as we had last time. Hello Scranton.

Donald Trump: Hello Pennsylvania. Thank you very much. Tomorrow we are going to win the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and we are going to win four more years in the White House. With your vote, we will continue to cut your taxes, cut regulations, support our great police, support our magnificent military, protect your second amendment, defend religious liberty and ensure more products are proudly stamped with that beautiful phrase, Made in the USA. [Audience member calls out "Made in the USA"] Right?

Donald Trump: More and more. [Audience chants "USA"] Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Remember last time they said, "No, no, Pennsylvania hasn't been won by a Republican for many, many years. Many, many years." And then we won and it wasn't even close when you get right down to it. [Audience chants "We love you."] Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Thank you. That's really nice. Don't make me cry. I'll cry with that whole thing. I'll cry and then they'll have it onto -- They'll say, "The president broke down and cried in front of his fans." I dunno. Hey, maybe that would lift you up, right? You pick up 10 points for crying. I say I still don't want to do it.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. No, it's really nice. Thank you. Nobody's ever heard that chant before you know, it's never a chant that anybody's ever heard in a political way. Like Ronald Reagan, or like people, but nobody's ever heard of that chant and we appreciate it. Next year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: We have the foundations already done. Under my leadership, our economy is now growing at the fastest rate ever recorded, last Friday it was released, 33.1% the fastest. We created a record 11.4 million jobs in the last five months, while foreign nations are in a free fall, and you see what's happening all over the world.

Donald Trump: We are creating an economic powerhouse, unrivaled anywhere in the world. We went down less, and we've gone up much more. Nobody close. A recent Gallop poll found that 56 percent of Americans say they are better off today than they were four years ago. If Biden and Kamala, you know Kamala, right? Kamala.

Donald Trump: Remember, it's the Harris/Biden administration, when he said that. "The Harris/Biden-" No, no, Joe, you're supposed to go first, Joe. But Harris, and the radical left, and she is radical left. She's further than I guess you could say Bernie is a conservative by comparison, right? No, she's the most far left.

Donald Trump: The radical left gain power, they will collapse our economy and send Pennsylvania into a steep depression. Don't worry about it, it's not gonna happen. I don't think it's gonna happen. It's not gonna happen. We're gonna win. We've got some big surprises. Oh, look at, look at all of the fake news. Look at all of the fake news.

Donald Trump: David! Turn the mike up. Up. Turn the mike up. Biden will raise your taxes four trillion dollars, massively increasing your regulations, they're going to increase your regulations. Maybe more important than the tax cuts. We gave the biggest tax cut in the history of our country, and maybe more importantly, we did regulation cuts which were also the biggest in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: Whether it be four years, eight years, or in one case, more. Shut down your economy, close down manufacturers, send your jobs overseas, destroy our suburbs, and he will destroy our suburbs, so I say to the women of the suburbs, "Love me, women of the suburbs, love me." I terminated, I terminated the regulation.

Donald Trump: Dissolve your borders, terminate religious liberty, outlaw private healthcare. 180 million people. Outlaw. You're going to have socialized medicine, that's what they're going to have. Somehow, I don't see Pennsylvania liking that too much. Confiscate your guns, 2nd Amendment in big trouble. And indoctrinate your children with anti-American lies.

Donald Trump: I just signed an executive order to teach your students pro-American values. Biden has vowed to abolish, extinguish, and eradicate American oil. All fracking and natural gas. And you know, I say this because we'll give it an extra little time. This is Pennsylvania, this is a state that's a wonderful state.

Donald Trump: I went to school here, I went to college here, and I'll tell you what, and I know it well, a big part of your livelihood, or your money, your income, your low taxes, is fracking. He's spent over a year saying he will not allow fracking. The first time he came into Pennsylvania as the nominee, which was a shock to everybody.

Donald Trump: Everybody, all Elizabeths, Pocahontas, Warren [Inaudible]. Leave two days early, and it would have been crazy Bernie instead of sleepy Joe. I would have had a crazy guy instead of a sleepy guy, but he came in and after going for one year, and she, forget her, she still can't say it, she can't say it, but he said, "No, we will ban fracking.

Donald Trump: We will ban fracking." That's what he said, many, many times. Once he got the nomination, he came to Pennsylvania, they said, "You're gonna have to do something, because you have a million jobs, and it's a massive part of your wealth." So he walked in and he went from, "We will ban fracking," to, "Of course, we can have fracking.

Donald Trump: What's the problem?" Just remember this, it's always -- Yeah, that's right. He said play the video. You know, I might not have that one on the video today. But, you know, he immediately changed, and the fake news, the fake news -- Where is Hunter? Where is? Where's Hunter? Hunter's at a foreign country, taking in 25 million today.

Donald Trump: He's at a country that his father just left, picking up about 25 million. No, that's total corruption. But he went out, he went out, and he started talking about fracking, and he said, "We will absolutely allow you, but not on government land." You know, not on government. And the press never held him accountable, and they never held him accountable for all of the corruption that he's a part of.

Donald Trump: Biden's plan to ban fracking is an economic death sentence for Pennsylvania. Biden's energy shutdown will wipe out your jobs, decimate your towns, eliminate your factories, and send your state into a nightmare of crippling poverty. You've been there. You've been there. You had the best three years that you ever had under President Trump.

Donald Trump: The best three years. And next year will be the best of all. Watch. You see it happening. If you look at housing [Inaudible], you look at automobile manufacturing, you're going to have your best year next year, unless somebody decides to come along and quadruple your taxes, then you're going downhill, which is what he's going to do.

Donald Trump: A vote for Biden is a vote to ban fracking, outlaw mining, explode energy costs, and totally destroy Pennsylvania. You know that, right? It's going to destroy Pennsylvania, and it could happen. It could happen very fast. You take a look at a country. Take a look at Venezuela. Same ideology, and this was unbelievably wealthy, rich country, one of the richest countries, and now they don't have water.

Donald Trump: They don't have food. They don't have medicine. It's a very sad situation. It can happen here, just much, much bigger, but it can happen here with these maniacs. And you know, it's one of those things. Joe Biden is a globalist who spent 47 years outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure on ridiculous, endless foreign wars.

Donald Trump: Most of you have never even heard of some of these countries. He shuttered your steel mills. I got them open. I got them open. I -- I tariffed, very nicely tariffed dumped steel. They were dumping steel. China was dumping steel all over the place. You ask the heads of your steel companies, you wouldn't have any steel companies right now.

Donald Trump: Annihilated your coal jobs and supported every disastrous trade deal for half a century. He was a cheerleader of NAFTA, which was one of the worst trade deals ever made. We have a very good one, thank you. And China's entry into the World Trade Organization, which lifted China into a great power, great economic power, except they were going to catch us for 10 years if you study.

Donald Trump: China was going to catch us in 2019. Guess what? We were going so far ahead, and frankly, if you have somebody smart, real smart in this position, they'll never catch you. They will never, ever catch you. But if you study the history, you'll see 10 years ago, 2019, they will catch, and they would have. If I didn't come along, they would have caught you.

Donald Trump: They would have caught you. And then we had the plague. We built the greatest economy in history, and then we had the plague come in from China, came in. We closed it down, we saved two million lives. We saved two million lives, and nobody gets it. The projection was 2.2 million modeled out. We saved two million lives.

Donald Trump: We understand the disease, and now we opened it up. And by the way, Pennsylvania, get your state open. Get it open. Terrible. Terrible. Your governor has to open your state, Pennsylvania, has to open your state. Yeah. Get it open. Get it open, governor. Get it open and count the votes honestly, governor.

Donald Trump: Count them honestly. There was a, uh, very good pollster last night, actually a good one. He has us winning everything, but he was on last night. How are you, how's he going to do in Pennsylvania? He was on a show called Sean Hannity, have you ever heard of it? No, and he said, uh, "How's he going to do in Pennsylvania?" He's going to win Pennsylvania, except for the cheating.

Donald Trump: We figure we have to leave 5% for the cheating that takes care. Can you believe it? For the cheating that takes place in Pennsylvania. And the guy meant it. A very great pollster, but he predicted hewould win the whole election. But the question was, what about Pennsylvania? He said, "Well, you have to leave 5% for the cheating." And when the Supreme Court gave you an extension, they made a very dangerous situation.

Donald Trump: And I mean dangerous, physically dangerous. And they made it a very, very bad -- They did a very bad thing for this state. They did a very bad thing for this nation. You have to have a date. You can't extend dates. The danger that could be caused by that extension and especially when you know what goes on in Philadelphia, and it's been going on for years.

Donald Trump: So, Governor, open up your state and please don't cheat, Governor. Please don't cheat, 'cause we're all watching. We're all watching you, Governor. We got a lot of -- We have a lot of eyes on the Governor and his friends. A couple of other governors out there, too. Pennsylvania lost half of it's manufacturing jobs after -- [Audience chants "Drain the swamp"] Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thanks. So Pennsylvania lost half of your manufacturing jobs. Think of it. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who sold out to Pennsylvania, to China, and also sold out for personal gain and family gain, and where's Hunter? Is Hunter in the crowd? Is Hunter -- Where is Hunter? In 2016, Pennsylvania voted to fire this corrupt political establishment, and you elected an outsider as your president who is finally putting America first.

Donald Trump: And if I don't sound like a typical Washington politician, it's because I'm not a politician. Probably why I'm here. If I don't always play by the rules of Washington or the Washington establishment, it's because I was elected to fight for you, harder than anyone has ever fought. I will tell you that. Now think of everything we've been through.

Donald Trump: Look. From before I came to office, from before I came. Whatever. We'll do that in a second. Boy, you are an enthusiastic bunch. You are something. Well, first of all, first of all, you know, you're known as a late voting state. That means you're smart. How about all the thing, #howdoichangemyvote? Did you see that?

Donald Trump: After the debate, the number one trend was how do we change our vote? That was a debate. Did everybody see the debate? The -- yeah? Yeah. They wanna change their vote. A lot of people on -- Is this a change the vote state? Not so much probably. I don't think your governor would let you do that. No, we have some states, they're changing the votes.

Donald Trump: And it was started with the debates, and then they see the rallies, the biggest rallies. By the way, and I'll say this to the fake news. In the history, in the history of our country, there's never been anything like this. There's never been anything like this. And this is at a pretty early part of the day.

Donald Trump: I wouldn't say it's exactly primetime. You outta see last night in Florida. It was amazing. But, but think of this. They, they -- Right from before I even ran, I mean, I, I announced maybe before I announced. They said, "I hear Trump is -- Oh, let's go in and do it." But think of it. We were under investigation for three years.

Donald Trump: And it turned out to be a phony hoax. And it was a phony impeachment. And based on the laptop from hell, the impeachment should have never been. It should have never happened. In fact, it should have happened against the other side 'cause it was the other side that cheated. It was the other side that dealt with Russia.

Donald Trump: And, but think of it. And then they say, "President Trump, we don't know if we like his personality. President Trump, he's too rough. He's too tough." Let me tell you something. If we didn't have a certain type of personality, and if we didn't fight, we wouldn't be here right now because we caught them, we caught them spying on our campaign and trying to take out a duly elected president of the United States.

Donald Trump: And I fought like hell because we don't know any other way. We have to fight. But we caught them and they turned out to be the people that were corrupt. No collusion. They spent $48 million. They found no collusion. They had eighteen angry Democrat prosecutors. I have friends that say there's probably nobody that -- And he was one o -- He is one of the smartest.

Donald Trump: There's probably nobody that he knows that coulda withstood that. So we had 18 angry, crooked Democrats. You had Bob Mueller that didn't have a clue. You had all of this stuff. Think of it. Think of it. We went through that for two and a half, three years, and then they say, "Oh, we don't like the way he acted." We were under siege illegally.

Donald Trump: Illegally. They committed treason. They tried to take out a duly elected president, and we caught them. We caught them. And then they say -- And then they say -- I see it today. Then they say, "Oh, wouldn't it be nice-" And then I say -- I see these guys on televisions and all of the big tech stuff, which is probably worse than them, right?

Donald Trump: It's the new -- They're the new boss in town, right, not the media. They just shut up, the big tech. And, you know, we gave the power to the big tech, right? We -- But now I say it -- I look at it and I say, "Gee, they're saying, uh, 'Tough administration, chaos, this -- '" They created the chaos. All we did was fight back, and we fought back well.

Donald Trump: And we caught them, and they're all caught, and now let's see what happens, okay? Let's see what happens. But we caught them. It's treason. They spied on our campaign. Nothing like that's ever happened. That's a bigger event -- I would rate Biden second. His family and him took millions and millions and millions of dollars from countries that he deals with.

Donald Trump: He became vice president. He had a son that didn't have a job. He got thrown out of the military, and he went years with no job. And then he signs with Burisma for $183,000 a month. And then he wanted $3 million up-front payment. "What's your experience? What do you know about energy?" "I don't know anything about energy." "Oh, that's okay.

Donald Trump: We'll put you on the board anyway." And then he gets -- And then he gets thr -- Then he gets $3.5 million from the mayor of Moscow's wife. 3.5 million. Well, gee, Hunter, what did you do? What did you do? You gave her some big advice, I guess, Hunter, right? And then they go to China, he takes out $1.5 billion to manage, which is millions and millions of dollars a year.

Donald Trump: And then big one, I guess, we had to -- He had to stop that one because they found the laptop from Hell. But the big one was a request to China to pay them $10 million a year, right, for recommendation services, for services, uh -- For no services. They're -- It's a payoff. Hey, you know what it is? It's a payoff.

Donald Trump: And the big guy gets 10%. The big guy gets 10%. He's not a big guy. Bum. He's not a big guy. He's a little guy. The big guy gets 10%, and there was another one where the big guy gets 50%, right? But he wanted $10 million a year, and the, and the tech and the media will not -- Wait. The media will not -- This is a very -- This is actually a very big moment in the history of our country because we have freedom of the press, but we don't. We have suppression by the press.

Donald Trump: It's suppression. And if anybody even mentions that story -- You don't see that story in The New York Times. You don't see -- That is the second biggest scandal in the history of our country. First is that they spied on my campaign. That's the biggest scandal. That's the biggest scandal. And they've got everybody scared, but you have a president that wasn't scared.

Donald Trump: You have a president that wasn't scared. They said, "Oh -- " And I see it. I see it with Twitter trending. I know what trending is better than anybody in the world. I've been trending my whole life. From the day I was born, I've been trending. I know trending. They take a story, they make it worse -- boring story, uh, boring stuff.

Donald Trump: They'll take something and they'll say, "Number one trending, Trump this. Number one tr -- " It's not trending. What trends is stuff that you don't wanna talk about right now. Not having to do with me, either, by the way. Not having to do with me. Look, what we have and what's happened, and you've seen it all over the last two weeks, is a horrible, horrible thing.

Donald Trump: The media is fake and corrupt. Big tech controls the media, and they control the politicians. And you know what? You have a president that's willing to say it, and it's a very, very big event. And let's say -- And I tell you what, I give Tucker Carlson and I give Sean Hannity and I give Laura -- I give all the people that are willing to talk about it.

Donald Trump: No, the Tucker reports have been phenomenal. I give all of those people that are willing to talk about, tremendous credit, because people don't have any idea how dangerous this is for our country. They won't even think about -- A guy walks away with millions of dollars. He's vice president, his son's like a human vacuum cleaner.

Donald Trump: He follows his father and he takes the scraps. But the scraps are hundreds of millions of dollars, and we can't let this happen. We're putting a corrupt man up for possibly being elected. But here's the story. I don't think that's gonna happen. I think we're gonna have a tremendous day tomorrow. Tremendous day.

Donald Trump: And you know when he announces -- when he announces a speech in Scranton, Pennsylvania, you know, he said, "I live in Pennsylvania. I was born in Scranton." He doesn't say that his father left. And there's nothing wrong with that. There's nothing wrong with that. You know, I went to college in Pennsylvania right, but I don't make the biggest deal of it.

Donald Trump: But he's, "I am a man from Scranton. I'm from -- " He left at nine years old. And that's okay. That's okay. But this guy is a stone cold phony, and -- and honestly, he's not equipped mentally to be your president. He really isn't. You know it, I know it, everybody knows it. I have foreign leaders calling me saying, "Are they serious?" I say -- One of them called, said, "I see that you're down a little bit in a poll." I said, "Can you believe this could happen to me?

Donald Trump: I'd rather run against someone that was good or even outstanding." Uh, but I think what we're gonna have is one of the great days. You know, when he comes to Scranton and he gives a speech, you saw, he's got the six circles. He can't fill them up. So he said, "Could you please move over here to the press?" He puts the press out there.

Donald Trump: And look at this g -- I don't know how many people are here, but there's a lot of people here. And it's windy as hell, and it's cold, and I couldn't care. I -- look at that flag. Look at that flag. Oh, it's so beautiful. I'd never -- hey look, I'd never seen a -- a flag blow like that. You know what that means?

Donald Trump: That means it's windy as hell, that's what it means. Wow, look at that. That's on -- that thing's sideways. But it's our American flag, and we love it, right? Yesterday I was thrilled to be endorsed by the Pittsburgh Post Gazette. Can -- can you believe it? Pittsburgh Post Gazette, and it's, uh, first time I've ever really liked that paper.

Donald Trump: And then once you get rid of the first one or two paragraphs, it was great. They said, "You might not like his tone, you might not like the way -- " And again, I'm a nice guy. I have to fight -- Wait, I have to fight. I have to fight to protect me and to protect you. Because once I'm not here, there's nobody else to protect you, that I can tell you.

Donald Trump: But they gave a beautiful -- Uh, you know, I mean, you have to understand everything's relative. They gave a beautiful, beautiful editorial, and I appreciate it. [Audience chants "We love you"] Thank you. It's the first time -- Thank you. Thank you. I'm telling you, you're gonna make me cry with that, stop.

Donald Trump: The President broke down in tears as they screamed, "We love you." I don't know if President Xi of China wants to hear that. Yeah, he probably would like that. The first time the papers endorsed a Republican for President in over a half a century. So to the people of the Post Gazette, I would like to thank you.

Donald Trump: I will forgive you for your first one or two or three pparagraphs. Because they said, "However, he's done a great job." You know, and I have. I've done a great job. They said, "Put his personality aside." But I'm telling you, the assault on this office has changed my personality. I can't -- I -- it's just one of those things.

Donald Trump: Joe Biden is bought and paid for by big tech, big media, and powerful specialist interests. They own him, they control him, and they know he will always do their bidding. And you know, when he raises 300 million like last month, I could raise much more than him. I'm President. I could call all these Wall Street guys, most of whom I know.

Donald Trump: I could call the oil guys, I could call them all. I would be -- I would blow his numbers apart. Give me two hours. As they send me ten million -- No, we don't need it. How many commercials can you buy? You know, we raised -- we raised a lot of money. We raised enough money. You know, crooked Hillary last time outspent us four to one, right?

Donald Trump: Four to one. And I actually got criticized. They said the other day, "Even against Hillary Clinton, he didn't raise I -- that much money." I mean, you won the race, right? They don't care if you won or not. They said -- they always have to find something. But I would be the greatest fundraiser of all time.

Donald Trump: This is the President of the United States calling for the head of Goldman Sachs. Hello. How are you, Bill? Is everything -- Is everything good? Uh, listen, I'd like $25 million within the next five minutes. Send it to the White House, please." What, do you think he's gonna say no? Ev -- I would be the greatest.

Donald Trump: But you know what, I chose not to do that, okay? I chose not to go there, and when you see he raised $300 million, his people are making deals all over the place. Every corrupt force in American life that betrayed you and hurt you, they are supporting sleepy Joe Biden. The failed establishment that started the disastrous foreign wars, they support Biden.

Donald Trump: The career politicians that offshored your industries and decimated your factories -- And you got it worse than anybody else, just about. New England was hit hard, too. -- they support Biden. The open-borders lobbyists that killed our fellow citizens and gave them illegal drugs, destroyed our families and so many people, the gangs and crime, they support sleepy Joe Biden.

Donald Trump: The far-left Democrats that ruined our public schools, depleted our inner cities, defunded our police, and demeaned your sacred faith and values, they support Joe Biden. And I see where they wanna defund your, your great Philadelphia police, and you have great police. They wanna -- They wanna defund your Philadelphia police.

Donald Trump: Have you seen that? They actually wanna defund -- [Audience chants "Back the blue"] They wanna defund your police. I read it this morning. I don't know. I don't think that's a good idea. I don't think people should take it. You can't take it anymore, right? You can't allow it to happen. And every place we've gone into, within a half an hour, it was over.

Donald Trump: But they have to ask the federal government. They, they're embarrassed or they're afraid or they think they're gonna lose support. Uh, we wanna go into Portland. We'll settle that in two minutes. We, we were the ones that did the whole thing in Seattle. They -- We told them we're going in the following morning.

Donald Trump: That night, they raised their hands, they said, "Well, I think we'll leave now." They took over a big chunk of Seattle. No, we can't allow this stuff. You look at what's going on in Philadelphia, you look at what's -- That can't be done, and they can't tell the police to stand back. They can't tell [Inaudible]. They stand back and they watch people -- They watch people walk out with washing machines.

Donald Trump: Guy's pushing a washing machine. That's a disgrace. It's a disgrace. And, you know, the world watches that. They're all Democrat-run cities and states. New York, Chicago, unfortunately Pennsylvania. And many of them are closed, right, because -- You know why they're closed? Because they thought it would hurt our numbers, and then they saw 33.1. That was a big number.

Donald Trump: The anti-American radicals defaming our noble history, heritage, and heroes, they support Joe Biden. Antifa and the rioters and looters and Marxists and left-wing extremists, they all support sleepy Joe Biden. Sleepy Joe. And, by the way, just so you understand, 'cause look, Joe -- Joe is, has no clue, okay?

Donald Trump: Just -- Joe's, Joe's not -- He's not calling the shots. And I guarantee he won't be calling 'em for very long. This election comes down to a simple choice. Do you wanna be ruled by the corrupt, selfless political class, or do you wanna be ruled and governed by the American people? Which is what we're doing, which is one the reasons I'm here [Crosstalk]. A vote for Biden is a vote to give control of government over to the globalist, Communist, Socialist, the wealthy, liberal, hypocrites who wanna silence, censor, cancel, and punish you.

Donald Trump: If you want your children to be safe, if you want your values to be respected, if you want to be treated with honor, dignity, and respect, then I am asking you to go tomorrow and vote for Trump. Come on. Well, it's up to you, really. You gotta get out. I'm telling you again. I'll say it again and again.

Donald Trump: Pennsylvania, I've done very well. You've had your best years ever. Pennsylvania, it's gonna be up to you. It's such a big deal. Big state, everything -- And, and we're doing great in Florida. You know, Florida. It's been great. You notice they're not talking about Florida anymore. Florida's been great.

Donald Trump: We're doing great in Florida. So, we get Florida, we get Pennsylvania. We're gonna get North Carolina. We're doing great in North Carolina. You saw the poll come out yesterday in Iowa. We're way ahead in Iowa. We're way ahead in Ohio, except we get fake -- sometimes a fake poll. We're way ahead. We won Ohio by eight points.

Donald Trump: They say we're further up than that this time. Because we have -- everything I talked about, we have done and more. We've done more than I talked about. Remember what I said four years ago. I am your voice and we will make America great again. And that's what we're doing. That's where we're going. For the last four years the depraved swamp has tried everything to stop me because they know that I don't answer to them.

Donald Trump: I answer to you, and it's true. We did this together. You know, this is a movement the likes of which this country, in a way the world probably, but this country has never seen. You know, this country has never seen. You take some of the things that have happened over the many, many years. A politician runs and comes in second in New Hampshire, becomes famous for the rest of his life.

Donald Trump: We won -- Well, we won everything this time. We won 100% of the states in the primaries, right? But we won 34 states against a crooked person, right? A very crooked person. How crooked is -- By the way, how crooked is Hillary? She deleted 33,000 emails. What's happening with that? But we won, we won, we won like nobody's ever won.

Donald Trump: Nobody's ever won like we've won. No, no, the likes of which nobody's ever seen anything like it. And, and just to get off that subject for a second, we had, 2016, we had a campaign nobody's ever seen anything like it. Can I be honest? There is much more enthusiasm for this campaign than there was four years ago.

Donald Trump: Because four years ago I came and I was a successful guy, and I said, "We're gonna do this. We're gonna cut your taxes. We're gonna get rid of regulations. We're gonna rebuild your military. We're gonna this and that and that and that." And I did everything, and more than everything. We're gonna take care of our vets.

Donald Trump: We just got a 91% approval rating on the vet, from the vets, on the V.A. Okay? No, but think of it. We did everything we said we were going to do. But there is much more -- And you know what? That was a record. There was never a campaign. Nobody's ever seen a campaign like that. That and Brexit. Look at him.

Donald Trump: Look at him. We have Nigel. I spotted Nigel. Oh, Nigel. But I actually did see a list, Nigel. They said the victory of President Trump was number one. Brexit was number two, but it was a distant number two. And, and even Nigel agrees with that. No, Nigel's been fantastic. What a, what a voice. He's a great voice, a great guy.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you. It's an honor to have you. It's an honor. [Audience chants "Nigel"] They know, Nigel. Brexit. Mr. Brexit. But, uh, the level of enthusiasm and I think you're gonna see a great red wave tomorrow. And I think it's gonna blow them away. And we get Florida and we get Pennsylvania and we're gonna get, we're gonna get New Hampshire.

Donald Trump: We're gonna get New Hampshire. Yeah. It's a -- Get New York. Can you believe that? See, the a -- the disadvantage, the disadvantage we have, the disadvantage we have -- 'Cause I think in certain ways you campaign totally differently. The disadvantage we have with the Electoral College, you automatically lose, automatically.

Donald Trump: I don't care if you bring back Abraham Lincoln and George Washington as his running mate. You lose New York, Illinois, and California, okay? So now you're, you got three of the biggest and the biggest, but you have three monster states, that's an automatic loss. So you're starting off, so then you have to run.

Donald Trump: And so we ran Florida, and then we got Georgia. By the way, we're doing very well in Georgia. We got Georgia. We got North Carolina. We got Pennsylvania. That was a very important deal. We got Pennsylvania. We got everything. Then we got Wisconsin and Michigan. We said, "Whoa." Remember they wouldn't give you the credit?

Donald Trump: We were two points short. We were at 98% of the vote tabulated, 98. And it stayed there for hours. And if I lost every single vote, right? Every -- And I still win. So I say, "Why aren't they calling Pennsylvania?" They wouldn't do you the honor. And then they called Wisconsin, great state. And they called Michigan, which hadn't been won in years and years.

Donald Trump: And they took the glamor. So, will you please, uh, give yourself the glamor this time? Give yourself the glory, okay? And make sure your governor doesn't cheat, okay, if you could? Because they're known for very bad things, very, very bad things here. Can you imagine a pollster saying, "You have to allow 5% in Pennsylvania for cheating"? That's a terrible thing to say.

Donald Trump: Of course, everybody knows it's true, but. No, but we have a lot of eyes watching. They never had eyes watching. We've got a lot of very powerful eyes watching them. They don't want that to happen to themselves. Together, we will defeat the corrupt establishment and we'll dethrone the failed political class.

Donald Trump: We will drain the Washington swamp and we will save the American dream. We're gonna save the American dream. This election is also a choice between a deadly Biden lock down or a safe vaccine that ends the pandemic, and we build the greatest economic country that we've ever had. There'll be nothing like it.

Donald Trump: We will mass distribute the vaccine. You know, we've done such a great job with this whole thing. You look at Europe. They're spiking. It's every, you know, they're saying, "Look at the way Germany's doing. Look at the way France is doing. Look at Spain. Look at now Italy," right? You know, Italy had a really rough patch.

Donald Trump: Well, they're all, they're all, uh, having a lot of problems, you know. I say, what -- They don't use those examples anymore. But we have better numbers than all of them. You look at our numbers, they're better, and it's bigger and it -- and you don't get, and you don't get a lot of, you know, a lot of the numbers, you don't get, because believe it or not, there is some countries that don't give you an honest kick, right.

Donald Trump: You know that, right? It will quickly eradicate. The vaccine will quickly eradicate the virus and wipe out the China plague once and for all. And let me tell you, we're rounding the corner anyway, but we have the vaccines coming very shortly. They didn't want to give me the credit. They were saying, "No, don't." Oh, they fought me like crazy.

Donald Trump: Did you see that? They didn't want it to happen before the election, but everybody knows. So we have the vaccine. It's gonna be very quickly delivered by our military. Our military is ready to go logistically. Joe Biden is promising to delay the vaccine and turn America into a prison state, locking you in your home, but you're already locked in your home, so.

Donald Trump: I hope that doesn't take, uh, away any of your incentive. You're already locked in your home. While letting far left rioters roam free. Isn't that something, right? You can't go to church. You can't take your family to dinner. But you can let people riot down the middle of your beautiful shopping streets, knocking the hell out of people, burning down your stores, like in Minneapolis.

Donald Trump: Burning the hell out of the place until we sent in the National Guard. That ended in 31 minutes. It was amazing when they started getting whacked with tear -- They were, I hope they weren't aiming. Did you see Ali Velshi, he went down. Ali, I don't even know who the hell his is. I just know he, he does a very nice job of shaving his head. "This is Ali Velshi, and this is a friendly protest," and behind him, the entire city is burning.

Donald Trump: It's like Berlin on its worst day, right? This is afraid -- You know, they don't report. You know if you have a bad, like in a Democrat-run city, they don't report it. Nobody even -- I don't watch, uh, CNN actually. So, I, I don't know about it. But I did see the clips. And didn't Ali Velshi then get hit on the knee with tear gas from our, from our great National Guard?

Donald Trump: No, he got hit. He went down. "I'm down. I'm down." Uh, what a group of people. CNN, how dishonest is CNN? But you know what, I think NBC is more dishonest than CNN. I think NBC and ABC, I think ABC is terrible. I mean, ABC is absolutely -- How about, how about where they interview me and every question is a kill.

Donald Trump: They're going for the kill. And then they interview sleepy Joe and it's like, oh, the most boring interviews. They don't ask him anything. They don't ask him whether or not he's corrupt. Are you corrupt. Hey, Sleepy Joe, are you corrupt? Remember, I asked him that question, and Chris Wallace of Fox wouldn't allow it.

Donald Trump: I said, "Why? Why? Why won't you?" "Well, I don't think it's appropriate to ask right now." Chris Wallace. He is not Mike. He will never be Mike. He tries hard, but he will not be Mike. You know why? Doesn't have the talent. The Biden lock down will be no school, no graduations, no weddings, no Easter, no Thanksgiving, no Christmas, no 4th of July, and basically no future for American youth.

Donald Trump: Other than that, actually it's quite a wonderful thing. A vote for Biden is a vote for lock downs, lay-offs and misery. You're gonna have a miserable time. You know what the, the fake news doesn't know? They're getting the highest ratings in the history of television. When Trump is gone, they're all going bankrupt.

Donald Trump: They will go down. They're gonna say, "Oh, I wish he-" They're gonna be calling, "We want Trump to run again. We want him to run again." The fake news. The New York Times, the failing New York Times, will be out of business. No, no, can you imagine, yeah, four more years. It's true though, right? Can you imagine, can you imagine these people, they're getting the highest ratings on television.

Donald Trump: They've taken over for the NFL people don't like. How about basketball? How about Lebron? I felt badly for Lebron. I felt very badly. Down 71 percent. The cha -- and that's for the champion. I did watch one, I did watch one shot, I got bored, back forth, back forth. You know why? When they don't respect our country, when they don't respect our flag, nobody wants to watch.

Donald Trump: Nobody. And the NFL is way down. The NFL is way down. You got to stand for our flag. You got to really be great to our flag and to our anthem, and if you don't do that we're not watching. [Audience chants "Lebron James sucks"] What a crowd. What a crowd. Hey, I have three more of these to do. Do you, do you want me to stay with you all day?

Donald Trump: Yes. So, yesterday, I did five. I actually did six, because I did one early for some people, but I actually did six, but I did five, I got home at two o'clock in the morning. In Miami, I got home two o'clock in the morning. And I said, "Good, what time do we start tomorrow?" "Uh, eight o'clock, sir." Oh, I said, "Great, let's go." But you know what it is?

Donald Trump: I'm doing a run, a great, great marathon. Everyone, even the n -- One thing I'll say, they say, I can't believe, you know, cause sleepy Joe will go out and he'll talk for ten minutes. He's very agitated, you notice? He's so angry. He's got the, he's got the shades on now. They should be a little bit larger.

Donald Trump: The aviators, right? Are they called aviators? He's got the aviators on and he's so angry. He's just r -- and he's reading every word. He never goes off teleprompter, because he gets lost if he, he can't go off teleprompter. He gets lost. No, but the anger. But it's not really anger. It's agitation. Do you know what that means?

Donald Trump: Right? That's what happens, is when you lose it, you get very, he's, can happen to all of us someday. But it can't, you can't let it happen to your president, I'm sorry. But he was so angry, he was so agitated this morning, the glasses were pouring off, every, the mask, he kept, on, off, on. There's nobody around him.

Donald Trump: The closest person's about 60 feet away. A reporter that can't believe he got this good location in a circle that's supposed to be for VIPs, right? Now, he's got Lady Gaga. Lady Gaga is not too good. I can tell you plenty of stories. I could tell you stories about Lady Gaga. I know a lot of stories about Lady Gaga.

Donald Trump: And Jon Bon Jovi, every time I see him, he kisses my ass. "Oh, oh, Mr. President." But, he'll get, he'll get something out of it, just like everyone is, but you know what happens, you bring in some of these -- they don't draw -- by the way, we draw much bigger crowds than these people, but you know what happens?

Donald Trump: He'll sing a song or two, and then he'll leave, and the crowd will leave, and sleepy Joe's up there talking. That happened to Hilary, too, right? They got Beyonce, and they got JayZ right? JayZ? And he started using the F word, do you remember? In front of this crowd, and it was unbel -- he was using the F word, F word, F word, and the crowd is going -- And then, they left, and the crowd left, and Hilary was standing on stage with an empty place, and she was talking.

Donald Trump: And she lost, and people were surprised. Let me tell you something, when you look at these crowds that we're getting. There's never been anything like it. This is just not the crowds. This is your ultimate poll. This is not the crowds of a second place finisher. You know they said, yesterday, they said, "Well, you know, some people are here since Nigel, they're here from 24 hours, 48. We have, guys, we have people in line for three, for days, and then the, the press says, "But will they vote?" Well, wait a minute, they're willing to go, they're willing to wait four days, three days, two days, one day, on line, will they vote?

Donald Trump: Will they stand there for an hour and vote? I think they're gonna vote? [Inaudible] who is going to vote? Okay. It, and seriously, is there anybody here who's going to vote for sleepy Joe? Anybody? No? No. Is there, is there anybody that would have the courage to put up their hand? [Inaudible]. No. Oh, but he was born in Scranton.

Donald Trump: What a phony he is. He was born in Scranton. "I'm a Scranton boy." Did you see? I'm tired of the smart people. Did you see where he said this? "I'm tired of the smart people?" But we want a smart person as president. You gotta have a smart -- No, he said -- Yeah, he made a lot of bad moves yesterday, didn't he?

Donald Trump: He was having a bad day yesterday. He's tired of smart people. No, you can't get too tired of them. None of that -- To me, that's an amazing statement. If you want a vaccine to kill the virus, a job to support your family, and freedom to live your life, then go cast your ballot. You cast your ballot. We're changing, we're changing things to you could say what it used to be, but maybe it used to be a little bit like this, but it was never like this.

Donald Trump: Things change, I think, with big tech. I think it really changed. Joe Biden personally ran the swine flu, right? He ran H1N1, remember? He can't remember that. He always goes, "No, N1H1, isn't it?" No, no. H comes before N, Joe. Just remember it that way. H1N1 swine flu. Remember he said, "Uh, the, what was that called?

Donald Trump: Who was that governor from, I think it was Utah. He's a Mormon. What was his name? His name was Romney." Oh, great. He, he's another beauty. He failed horribly and he was the laughing stock of Washington, so he ran the swine flu operation. He was the laughing stock of Washington. Now on something much more lethal that we have done a great job on, except with public relations.

Donald Trump: I would say if I had Nigel handling my public relations, I would have been much better. We have done a great job on this, and you compare us to other places, and you see in bringing back the economy, opening it up, except in public relations. But his own Chief of Staff said that he was absolutely terrible.

Donald Trump: He didn't have a clue. He didn't know what he was doing. And he told us, right, that I was xenophobic because I closed it to China, which was highly and heavily infected. And then he runs and he says I should have closed it earlier. I said, "How does he get out of that one?" You know how he gets out of that one?

Donald Trump: The press doesn't report it. They refuse to report it. The only way I can do that is, look, I got all live television, all the lights. And the only way, you know, they can't keep it off. Only for one reason. I get very big ratings. If I didn't get big ratings, there'd be no way of communicating. Oh, and they're gonna miss those ratings some day.

Donald Trump: Some day they're gonna miss them. Secretary of Defense Robert Gates said that Biden has been wrong on nearly every single major foreign policy and national security issue over the past four years. Now he worked with Biden. He worked with him, and he said he was wrong on like everything, and he is. And he, he is.

Donald Trump: But you don't have to take my word for it. Because this happens to be a state that I love, I spent a fortune on building these screens. I, you got two of them. Wow. Usually I bring one. It's a lot cheaper. Roll the video please. Roll it. Play it. [Video Begins]

Unidentified: [Video] Joe Biden. Joe Biden.

Unidentified: [Video] Have you taken a COVID --

Joe Biden: [Video] No, I haven't taken a test. Why the hell would I take a test? Come on, man. That's like saying before you got into this program, you take a test of whether you're taking cocaine or not. What do you think, huh? Are you a junkie? By the way, that's my little sister Valerie. And I'm Jill's husband. [Inaudible]. Oh no, you switched on me.

Joe Biden: [Video] This my wife. This is my sister. They switched on me. [Inaudible]. If you have a problem figuring out whether you're for me or Trump, then you ain't black. When I see something [Inaudible], you shouldn't be in position here. And everybody -- And that's my wife, Jill, and I'm Jill's husband. I'm Joe. And Corn Pop was a bad dude and he ran a bunch of bad boys.

Joe Biden: [Video] And I did, and back in those days -- You see how things have changed? Play the radio. Make sure the television -- Excuse me. Make sure you have the record player on at night. The phone -- Make sure the kids hear words. We hold these truths to be self evident. All men and women are created by -- you know, you know the thing. [Inaudible] --

Note: [Video plays another three minutes]

Donald Trump: [Video Ends] Don't let that happen to our country. By the way, that was just so small that we could we could keep you here all day watching that. Now, we can't let that happen to our country. We're joined by some real warriors. Dan Mowowser. Mowzer. Where's Dan? Where are you Dan? Dan? Congressman? Where are you, Congressman? [Audience member calls out "Meuser!"] Meuser.

Donald Trump: Where's Dan Meuser. Meuser! Thank you very much. Thanks Dan. Fred Keller. G.T. Thompson, that's good. With you, with the three of you -- what warriors you've been. What warriors you've been Thank you very much. They were there at the beginning and they have been with me all the way. And do you have a couple of former members that we love that we think are great?

Donald Trump: Lou Barletta and Tom Marino. Thank you very much, Tom, Lou. Thank you. Thank you very much. How are your elections going? By the way, Dan, how are you guys going? You're doing good? We're going to win Pennsylvania, it's a guarantee? Good, that's good. So in -- you've got to vote for those guys. That's great --  that's a great group.

Donald Trump: So you're really you districts are looking good. You need an extra tweet or anything? You don't need -- this group doesn't need anything. And also thank you, fellas for coming. What are you going to re-run for office, Tom and Lou? You gonna -- You have anything you're thinking about? Look at them. They look healthy as can be.

Donald Trump: Congrashional -- congressional candidate, Jim Bognet. Thank you, Jim. Thank you -- and a woman who is doing an incredible job, campaign chair Bernie Comfort.

Donald Trump: Bernie, thank you. How's it going, Bernie? We're gonna have a big victory tomorrow, I think, huh? We're gonna have a big, a big one. We better, Bernie, I'll fire you so fast. Another great friend of mine, a great guy, David Urban.

Donald Trump: David. Thank you, David. And somebody that I know very well. He's a tall, young gentleman. His name is Eric Trump, and he's done great. He's done great. Oh, and I see Jared Kushner right over here. Middle East Peace. Middle East Peace. Jared usually likes to stay in the plane and work. He's working on Middle East Peace and doing a great job.

Donald Trump: You see what we're doing. Thank you, Jared. Thank you, very much. For decades our politicians spent trillions of dollars rebuilding foreign nations, fighting foreign wars, and defending foreign borders but not defending our border. But, now we're finally protecting our nation, rebuilding our cities, and we are building our jobs, our factories and our troops, back home to the USA where they belong.

Donald Trump: For 47 years Joe Biden viciously attacked black Americans. He called young black men super predators all the time. To every black American, go tomorrow and vote for Trump. This is your one and only chance to show sleepy Joe Biden what you think of his decision to attack you, jail you, and betray you, which is what he did.

Donald Trump: I'm fighting for you, and I got criminal justice reform, prison reform, opportunity zones with Tim Scott. Tim Scott, the senator from South Carolina, who's great. And funding for historically black colleges and universities. We got them the funding, long-term funding. And I say it all the time. I say it like this, with the possible exception of Abraham Lincoln, a lot of people like me to see, leave the word possible out, there is no president that has done more for the black community than Donald Trump.

Donald Trump: It's true. And you're seeing that, by the way, you see what's going on in Florida. The numbers are very high, like nobody's seen before, with the black community, and with the Hispanic American community. Oh, the Hispanic American c -- they're liking Trump. I've done a lot for them, and they like me, and I like them.

Donald Trump: I always have actually. And they are voting for us, very big. They're coming out in Florida in numbers, and the democrats are very worried. They're saying, "What's going on? What's going on?" You know what's going on? I've done a good job, that's what's going on. So, I want to thank, we have to see what the final numbers are, but I think I can say in advance, African American community, Hispanic American community, uh, it's been incredible what's gone on in Florida, thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. You notice, they're not talking about Florida too much, right? They're not talking. We get Florida, we get Pennsylvania, you watch. Under my leadership we achieved the most secure border in U.S. history. You know, the wall, the wall is over 400 miles long. It'll be finished soon, and they don't talk about that one any more either, do they?

Donald Trump: They don't talk about it. You know, when you have success they never talk about it. And ger -- you know what's happening? You know what's going on, right? I mean, other countries are coming in, they're studying what we're doing. All over the place, they're studying, because what we've done, nobody has been able to do.

Donald Trump: Joe Biden has pledged open borders, free health care for illegal aliens. No, not for you. See, I delayed that a little bit. No, free health care for illegal aliens. They want to give them more than they give us. And deadly sanctuary cities. We believe our cities should be sanctuaries for law abiding Americans, not for criminal aliens.

Donald Trump: The Biden/Harris plan would increase refugees from terrorist nations by a staggering 700 percent, flooding into your towns and cities. I am keeping, if it's okay with Pennsylvania, I am keeping radical Islamic terrorists the hell out of our country. Is that okay? You know, I passed a ban, early on and it, uh, ultimately got approved by the United States Supreme Court.

Donald Trump: But I passed the ban because we want people coming into our country that can love us, and come in through merit, and all sorts of things. We don't want people coming into our country that hate us, can't stand us, and want to do harm to our citizens, okay? So the ban was quite controversial, but it's had a big impact.

Donald Trump: It's had a big impact. And you know, one of the reasons we're gonna win Minnesota? Ilhan Omar. Ilhan Omar. Although she loves our country very much, she loves our country very much, doesn't she? We invested $2.5 trillion in the United States military. We have the finest military, the finest weaponry in the world.

Donald Trump: All made in the USA. We're the envy of Russia and China and North Korea. We have the best equipment in the world. Rockets, and missiles, and submarines, and everything that we're building, nobody's ever seen anything like it. $2.5 trillion, made in the USA. We also passed veterans. We passed for our veterans.

Donald Trump: VA Choice, after 44 years. And VA Accountability, okay? VA Account -- THat's where you say, "You're fired, get the hell out of here. You're not treating our vets right." We got -- I told you, we got the highest rating, the highest approval rating that, uh, has ever been given by our vets. 91% approval. Who are the 9%? Oh, they'll find somebody within the 9%, they'll be on television.

Donald Trump: We obliterated 100% of the ISIS caliphate. We killed the leader of ISIS, al-Baghdadi. We eliminated the world's top terrorist, Soleimani is dead. I recognized the capital of Israel, and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. I also recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights. 52 years. They worked on it for 52 years, and instead of endless war we are forging peace in the Middle East.

Donald Trump: Good job he's doing. Good job, my man. A vote for me and the Republican party is a vote for the American dream. And who was a very distinguished person within the Republican party? The late, great, Abraham Lincoln. Please remember that. He was very presidential. He's the only one I said, "Maybe I can't be that presidential." But -- He was very presidential when he wore the hat, especially, right?

Donald Trump: Over the net four years we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world, and we will end our reliance on China once and for all. That's already happening. We will hire more police, increase penalties for assaults on law enforcement, and we will ban deadly sanctuary cities. You've got them.

Donald Trump: You've got them. With God's help, we will defend the right to life, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms. Your second amendment -- your second amendment is gone if I don't get in. If I don't get in, your second amendment, wave goodbye. And I'll be sitting home and I'll be saying, "I told the people of Pennsylvania, you better -- you better vote for Trump." No, your second amendment is under siege. [Audience member calls out "Amy Coney Barrett"] That's right, we put Amy on.

Donald Trump: You happy with Amy? Everyone loves Amy. Thank you. You know we do. They don't talk about that enough. They say it's the most important thing a president can do. So at the end of my first term, I will have approximately 300 federal judges, which is a big percentage of the judiciary. And three great Supreme Court Justices.

Donald Trump: That's a lot. Many presidents have gotten to choose none. Hey, whatever happened to packing the court, you know? This guy's running, he never gave an answer. Maybe he's smarter than we think. Whatever happened? He never gave the answer. He never said -- he said he was gonna tell us. He never -- We're running.

Donald Trump: You know, people are casting votes. You cannot elect somebody that's going to pack the court, and he's gonna pack the court. And he didn't give us a list of the radical left judges he wants to put on, either. So he got away with it, so he got away with it. He just did, because the press never pressed him, right?

Donald Trump: See, there's the case. If that were me, I could never, ever get away. He got away with it because the fake news wouldn't press it. He never talked about packing the court, and we're voting right now. He shouldn't get a vote unless he tells you, because you will destroy this country. That's a big thing, packing the court.

Donald Trump: Can you imagine? But they never picked it up. We will maintain America's unrivaled military might. And we will ensure peace through strength. We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, lower drug prices. You know, we're doing favored nations. We're going to have the lowest prices anywhere in the world.

Donald Trump: The drug companies hate me so much. Aye aye aye. They are spending more money on ads than sleepy Joe Biden. And we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions. America will have the first woman on the moon, and the United States will be the first nation to land and astronaut on Mars. NASA, NASA was like an abandoned place.

Donald Trump: And now it's the hottest, it's the hottest place in the world for space. And that goes along with Space Force doesn't it? Huh, we did Space Force. We never even talked about Space Force in the campaign. But we needed it. When I saw Russia, when I saw China, we needed it. We got it approved. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students, and restore patriotic education to our schools.

Donald Trump: We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American Flag. And we will live by the timeless words of our national motto, In God we Trust. For years, you had a president who apologized for America. Now, you have a president who is standing up for America, and standing up for the great people of Pennsylvania.

Donald Trump: I know you well. I know you well. You're a rowdy bunch today, but that's okay. It's rowdy, but it's rowdy with love. It's rowdy with love. Still now. Tomorrow you have the power with your vote to save America. We will never be a socialist nation. That's what we're talking about. Oh, you're going to be a large scale version, very large scale of Venezuela.

Donald Trump: That's what happens. It happens every single time. So, get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get you co-workers. Even grab your boss by the tie, and say, come on boss. Let's go, we got to vote. We got to vote. For generations, Americas destiny was made forged in one in places like Bethlehem, and Bristol, eastern and Allentown, Pittsburgh, and Scranton.

Donald Trump: Right here in Scranton. Our American ancestors gave their blood, sweat, and tears to defend our country, and to defend our freedom. We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who crossed the ocean, settled a continent, tamed the wilderness, laid down the railroads, raised up the great skyscrapers, won two world wars, defeated fascism, and communism, and made America into the single greatest nation in the history of the world.

Donald Trump: And the best is yet to come. [Audience chants "USA"] Proud citizens like you help build this country. And together, we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people. With your help, your devotion, and your drive we are going to keep on working. We are going to keep on fighting.

Donald Trump: And we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. And together with the incredible people of Pennsylvania, go out and vote tomorrow. We have made America powerful again. Our military has never been as, even close to what it is right now.

Donald Trump: We have made America wealthy again. We have made America strong again. We have made America proud again. We have made America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you Pennsylvania. Thank you Pennsylvania.