Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-campaign-rally-minden-nevada-september-12-2020

Donald Trump: Wow. Beautiful. What a -- what a crowd this one is and you got thousands and thousands of people outside. They're taking buses. They're working to get over here. Wow. [Audience chants "USA"] Thank you very much. So I want to start by saying hello, Nevada. How are you doing? How are you? And I'm thrilled to be in Douglas County, but people are coming from all over the place.

Donald Trump: There's a lot of people for Douglas County, isn't it? We have thousands and thousands of loyal, hard-working American patriots, that's what we have. And 52 days from now, we're going to win Nevada and we're going to win four more years in the White House. And then after that, we'll negotiate, right? 'Cause we're probably -- based on the way we were treated, we're probably entitled to another four after that. [Audience shouts "Yeah"] And it should never happen to another President.

Donald Trump: It's just a dishonest group of people, but here we are and we're going to be here for another four years. [Audience shouts "Yeah"] You know, the Governor of your state [Audience Boos] tried very hard to stop us from having this event tonight. He didn't like us having -- they can have riots and they can have all sorts of things and that's OK.

Donald Trump: You can burn up the house. That's OK. You know you call it -- we call this a protest because if you go to protest, you're allowed to have them. Don't forget. So if anybody asks you outside, this is called a friendly protest, OK? It's true. They have -- you can't have political rallies. You -- that's because of me because if Biden were here, he'd have about three people.

Donald Trump: Get to see him with his little circles, his circle, you know why he puts the circle? Because he wants to be like correct with COVID but it's not really because they can't get anybody to fill up a room. So they put these big circles. So he can't get anybody to fill. Nobody wants to go, oh, boy, you know the fake news, look at all those people back there, the fake news. [Audience Boos] That's true.

Donald Trump: Boy, they covered. Did you see the other day? Now they're finding out that to do an interview, an interview, they ask him a question. That means they're giving him the questions. They never gave me questions before. So to do an interview, he demands in getting the questions and his people write out the answer.

Donald Trump: So they ask him a question. He goes, bring that, bring it up, bring it closer. I can't see it. Damn it. Great. This is something. You know, we have a debate coming up in three weeks, and here's the problem. You know, Winston Churchill, did you ever hear of Winston Churchill? Winston Churchill was a great debater.

Donald Trump: Great. And if Joe gets off the stage, walks off the stage, if he makes it, which I think he probably will in all fairness. You know, he's been doing this for 47 years. I think he probably will. If he gets off the stage, they're going to say it was the single greatest debate they've ever seen. Winston Churchill was nothing compared to sleepy Joe.

Donald Trump: You know that, you know that. They're going to say what a great performance. He was great today. He was great. This guy was great. No, he's not great, but your Governor tried to stop us. He tried to stop us. [Audience Boos] The Governor of Nevada. He tried to stop us and he went -- we went to different venues, Kelly O'Donnell, you know, she's a fading reporter for NBC.

Donald Trump: Do you know that? She was on -- she said, well, you know, they have a crowd tonight. Behind her, it looked like 25,000 people. That's what we have, by the way, a lot more coming in. She said he's got maybe a thousand people, a thousand? You know what I got? I have a thousand people here. [Audience shouts "Yeah"] No, this is the fake news.

Donald Trump: You know what? It's not a question of like how many, they are just a bunch of dishonest people. I've never seen anything like it. [Audience Boos] You know, being in real estate and being in New York and being in all over, I've seen a lot of dishonest people. I think the media, the fake news is the most dishonest group of people I've ever seen anywhere in my entire life.

Donald Trump: And that includes, by the way, leaders of foreign countries that aren't our friends, OK? That's a big statement. They really are bad news, but here we are and this is really amazing. The Governor tried to stop us, he couldn't. But think of this, he's in control of millions of votes. Here's a guy calling venues telling them not to have the rally, calling different venues, don't have the rally.

Donald Trump: We're not going to let you have the rally. And he's calling, this Governor, who's a political hack. He was a political hack and then he became Governor. And this is the guy that we're entrusting with millions of ballots, unsolicited ballots, millions and millions and then we're supposed to win these states. [Audience Boos] And we have a guy that would do that where he won't let us have it.

Donald Trump: We call it a protest and therefore we can do it. But you want to know something? It's a disgrace. So who the hell is going to trust -- you know, they say, trust, trust government. Well, how would you trust a guy that fought, that we aren't here, that we can't have all these thousands of people? Boy, you are really back far.

Donald Trump: That's -- look at that. No, but -- but seriously. And now he's in charge of -- he's in charge of the election and the millions of ballots. So if I'm up like millions of votes, he can rig the election. He can rig the election. And I'll tell you what, whether it's in North Carolina, whether it's in Michigan, whether it's in other states where they're sending out, they're going to be sending out -- they're going to be sending out 80 million ballots that -- and it's Democrats.

Donald Trump: They're going to -- they're trying to rig this election. [Audience Boos] At every single place in the last year, year and a half, go modern-day, forget about tiny amounts, a congressional race in New York, a small number of votes. Uh, if you go to New Jersey, if you go to Virginia, if you go to Pennsylvania, if you go to California, and you look at some of these races, everyone, every one of these races was a fraud missing ballots and I don't mean like 1%. I mean like 20%, 25%, they're trying to rig the election.

Donald Trump: They should make people -- if you register, if you want a solicited ballot, that's where you ask for it. You have to sign papers. You get it 'cause you can't be there. That's one thing. When they sent 80 million ballots to people, they have no idea where they're going. Actually, they probably do have a good idea where they're going and that's our problem.

Donald Trump: They send 80 million ballots out. Where are they going? Who are they sending them to? Are they sending them to certain areas and not other areas? Are they sending them to Democrat areas? These are all controlled by Democrat Governors, like your politically motivated Governor. So, so just to finish on that, look, just to finish on that, he's a guy that tried to silence us by not having this and it ended up -- our crowd turned out to be a lot bigger than NBC, which is, which is, which is owned by Concast, con, Concast, con, con cast, Concast.

Donald Trump: It's really Comcast but I call it con because it's a whole con. I'll tell you what, you know, they talked -- in the old days, I think it should still be, news when they broadcast, how to be reasonably accurate, right? And they had licensing. Today, they can do whatever the hell they want. It's fake news and it's a disgrace.

Donald Trump: And you know what back there and I'll tell you, it's hurting our country. It's hurting our country. They're the biggest problem that this country has is the fake news media, worse than the Democrats, because, you know, the Democrats and their partners they played together. Joe Biden spent the last 47 years selling out America, offshoring your jobs, throwing open your borders, depleting our military, and sacrificing your children's future in China.

Donald Trump: I've spent the last four years bringing our jobs back to America, securing our border, rebuilding our military, and standing up to China like never before. Nobody has ever stood up to China like we have stood up to China and you haven't seen the last of it. [Audience chants "USA"] Sleepy Joe Biden, surrendered -- you know where he is now?

Donald Trump: He's in his damn basement again. No, he's in his basement. He's in his basement. But you know, I can be bad to him because he put the most vicious ad on television that I've ever seen. Do you know what I'm talking about? Where I'm standing over the graves of our fallen warriors, our fallen heroes. These are great people.

Donald Trump: The greatest people there are and I'm standing over there and they have some sleazebag reporter from a third-rate magazine having some source quoting me saying, I won't even use the term, but saying bad things. And there's nobody that loves our military, respects it, and the people more than me. And they took -- and I didn't even ask.

Donald Trump: We had 25 people that were witnesses that are on the record already that have said that never took place. It never took place what they said. And yet pathetic Joe and he's a pathetic human being to allow that to happen. Here's the problem, he doesn't even know what happened. I don't think, I don't think, I think he has no idea, but he's a pathetic human being to let that happen, where they put an ad like that where I'm standing over graves and then he said, he said this with no sources, no nothing.

Donald Trump: They got nothing. And I have 25 real witnesses with the names, with everything saying it never happened. And they put an ad like that up there, a disgrace. But you know the good part? Now I can be really vicious. I could be really vicious. And we'll start by saying -- we're going to start by saying that the Democrats are trying to rig this election because it's the only way they're going to win.

Donald Trump: The only way they're going to win is to rig it. Biden's surrendered your jobs to China. He -- look, his son walked away with $1.5 billion. Give me a break. Give me a break. His son's going to say, dad, you can't take this money away. Don't do it, Dad, please, I -- You know how much experience he had? There's a young man, there's a young man here.

Donald Trump: He's a very young, young man, handsome young guy. He's about like 12, you know what? He's got more experience than Hunter, Hunter. Where's Hunter? Where is he? With no experience, no knowledge of energy, no job, got thrown out of the military. I hear he got thrown out by the way. I used to be nice about that.

Donald Trump: Now I don't. Once I saw that ad, I don't have to be nice anymore, OK? I really mean it. You know, and by the way, on that ad, I know some horrible people, horrible human beings, some of the worst people in the world, I really do. They're horrible. None of those people and they're the worst, the worst real estate developers in New York, you don't get much worse.

Donald Trump: I know some of the worst people in the world, not one person do I know that would say that standing on top of graves of heroes, really, not one person. So I will tell you this, so now we can play it like it is. Let's face it. Joe is shot. Let's face it, OK? He's shot. So not that he has anything to do because he won't know what's happening.

Donald Trump: He'll just be locked up in a room someplace and the radical left is going to be running our country. Yeah. [Audience chants "Four more years"] Thank you. But now he wants to surrender our country to the violent left-wing mob. You know that. If Biden wins, China wins. If Biden wins, the mob wins. You see what's going on with all these democratic or I always say Democrat-run cities and states, it's a disaster.

Donald Trump: It's a disaster. And we keep saying, let us bring in the troops. Well, we did in Minneapolis, we ended it in 45 minutes. It was ended. They went through two weeks. By the way, we could do it in Portland in half an hour. It would all be over. But we have these stupid people that think -- how about that poor Mayor.

Donald Trump: Is that pathetic Wheeler? Is that pathetic? They forced him out of his home. He's had a fa -- he's now finding a new home. It's so nice. It's pathetic. Honestly, it's pathetic. We could solve that problem in a half an hour, just like we did. And by the way, the U.S. Marshals did a great job in Portland. They did a great job.

Donald Trump: You know what I mean. If Biden wins, the rioters win, the anarchists win, arsonists, flag burners, they all win. I'm running for reelection to bring prosperity to Nevada, to hope, to the whole country. I've been here a long time. I have some things in Nevada that are very good, to put violent criminals behind bars, and to ensure the future belongs to America, not to China.

Donald Trump: I do get a kick of watching a guy, oh, I'm going to do this. You know, he copied my whole plan. Did you see? He says by America, I said, where the hell have you been for the last half-century? [Audience shouts "We love Trump"] Thank you. Could -- could I ask the -- could I ask the fake news to take your cameras and show all the way back there for hundreds of yards, all the way back there, take your cameras.

Donald Trump: Go ahead, as far as the eye can see. No, no, tell NBC news it's not a thousand people. You don't -- you don't, you can't see it. You can't see it down here. You won't believe how many people and it goes back. [Audience chants "USA"] So the bottom line is when we win, America wins, that's what's happening.

Donald Trump: And nobody's done to China what I did. Look, billions, tens of billions, of dollars of tariffs we took in. I gave $28 billion to farmers. The farmers are doing very well. They're doing very well. Thank you. Thank you, President Trump, $28 billion, $16 billion one year, $12 billion, they were targeted. I said, how much is it?

Donald Trump: Sonny Perdue, Secretary of Agriculture. Great guy, said how much were they hurt by? Sir, $12 billion two years ago and $16 billion last year. I said, all right, good. We'll take it out of China. We gave them $28 billion to the farmers. That never happened before. Do you think Joe Biden would even think about it?

Donald Trump: He wouldn't even think about it. He wouldn't even think about it. No, he's more worried about, does he have a teleprompter to answer a reporter's question. You know the worst part about that isn't the fact that he's doing that because let's face it, he's unable, OK? It's not that. It's that the fake news would give him the questions.

Donald Trump: They never gave me the questions. Did you ever give me questions back there? Did you ever give me que -- they don't give me questions. The fake news would give him questions, but of course, now, Donna Brazile works for Fox. So that's gone a long way. Remember? [Audience Boos] Remember when Donna Brazile gave crooked Hillary the questions, right, to a debate.

Donald Trump: And then she said, well, I don't think I did it. I don't remember. I knew she was in trouble when she said, um, I don't remember doing that. I don't remember. She didn't remember. Oh, OK. Well, as long as you don't remember. [Audience chants "Lock her up"] It's true. It's true, too. You know what, I used to stand back and I'd say, you know, be quiet, please.

Donald Trump: Don't say that. It's really not nice. You know it's true. She deleted 33 -- think of it. They'll never find the emails 'cause they were acid washed, deleted, but you know what? She got a subpoena from the United States Congress, right? And she and her lawyer deleted 33,000 emails after she got a United States subpoena.

Donald Trump: And you say, why isn't she guilty of a major crime? Right? And then she took her telephones and she smashed them with a hammer, right? And then she took the other ones and she deleted them. And now the Mueller scam, these people, the worst people. I have a friend, a very smart guy, a very streetwise guy.

Donald Trump: He said, you have to be the most honest guy in the world to go through three years of investigations, where they have the worst human beings in the world. They worked for the Democrats. They work -- I mean, Mueller didn't have a clue. This guy was totally -- but look at this, Weissman, how bad was Weissman?

Donald Trump: He deleted his phone. That's illegal. He deleted everything. They all deleted and they all said, oh, gee, we made a mistake, we're sorry. They all used the same mistake. They all made -- it was, oh, gee, we didn't mean to do that. Every one of them, all of them. I think it was 31 different phones. They deleted.

Donald Trump: These are criminals we're dealing with and they've got to -- there has to be a repercussion. There has to be a repercussion. We're dealing with criminals. So I don't care if you say it anymore. 'Cause you know what? She illegally deleted and her lawyer should go to jail with her, OK? And the fact is the Republican party doesn't play it rough and tough like those people.

Donald Trump: They don't play it the same way. They're too nice and you know, we have better policy. Thank goodness. We have better -- we have, we believe in borders. We believe in no sanctuary cities. We believe in lowering taxes. We have better -- but our people don't. We have some that are very good. Jim, Jim Jordan.

Donald Trump: Good. Right? Jim Jordan, Mark Meadows. Good. Right? No, we have some very good, but I'll tell you what, we play it so nice and in the end, it's not right because what they get away with -- and Obama and Biden [Audience Boos] got caught spying on our campaign using the intelligence, I put that in quotes, using intelligence to spy in our campaign and they got caught, they got caught.

Donald Trump: And you know, if it was me that got caught, forget about it. But they got caught and somebody said, well, I know, but he was President. Oh, great. I'm President, too. And a hell of a lot better president than he is. I can tell you. You know, Obama came into office they gave him the Nobel Prize, like almost immediately, right?

Donald Trump: In fact, he didn't even know why he got it. He didn't even know. He had no idea why he got it and he was right about that because nobody else does either. They still don't know, but we've done a lot of things. So we were nominated a few days ago for a Nobel Prize, which is a big thing, Nobel Peace Prize.

Donald Trump: And then yesterday, we were nominated a second time for another Nobel Prize. Now that's a big thing. To me, you know, it's a big thing, even though, obviously, it's a very political thing, but it's a very big thing. The Nobel Peace Prize, right? I got -- and it was just reported. I'm just reporting this.

Donald Trump: I got zero time on the nightly news, on the network news, zero, zero. We got zero time, think of it. The President of your country is honored by being nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize and your nightly news, ABC, which is terrible; CBS, which is terrible; and probably the worst of all owned by Concast.

Donald Trump: They spend a fortune, you know, on PR and then every time I get up, I call them Concast and to sort of wipe out their fortune, but they are bad people. But NBC is the worst of them all, not one mentioned. These people are corrupt, not one mentioned, not one mentioned. So your President gets a Nobel and you know, at least a nomination and they don't mention it.

Donald Trump: Joe Biden cannot lead our country because he doesn't really believe in our country. Right now, I don't think he believes in anything. He just wants to go to sleep. That's all. Please, darling. I want to go to bed. I'm exhausted. I made -- I made one speech yesterday. But darling, they gave you the answers and the questions.

Donald Trump: I know, but that was a big strain because my eyes, I couldn't see the teleprompter. This guy is the worst. I am runnning -- and you know, it's going to maybe come back to haunt me because we have a rigged election. It's a rigged election. It's the only way we're going to lose, but I'll tell you what, he is the worst candidate in the history of Presidential politics.

Donald Trump: He doesn't know he's alive. He doesn't know he's alive. And what -- and I've gotten to know President Xi of China very well, President Putin of Russia, Kim Jong-Un -- and by the way, what happened to the war? So who's going to war with Kim Jong-Un? What? Where's the war? Where's the war? Oh, I see. Oh, I see.

Donald Trump: It never happened did it? It never happened did it? Well, maybe someday. It could happen. No, remember? We're going to be -- Trump is going to be, you know, my personality, right? Trump is going to be at war within the first week after he wins. Uh, where's the war? In fact, the Peace Prize was because I stayed out of wars, and by the way, ended certain wars that could have happened that you don't even know about and look good -- look at what we did.

Donald Trump: Look what we did just yesterday in Europe and look what we did with Israel and you just saw that with the United Arab Emirates, Bahrain for 72 years, nothing happened and we did it. We do it very fast and plenty of other countries are going to be coming in. At Biden's convention, they decried -- you're a hell of a crowd.

Donald Trump: I'll tell you. [Audience chants "USA"] Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Now, after this is over, after this over, you'll have like at NBC, this third-rate reporter stand up or they had a small crowd, an insignificant, insignificant crowd in a great location. You know how great it was?

Donald Trump: We landed, we had to drive for 50 minutes. That's how great. But I like it anyway. I'll take it. I'll take it anyway. I like it. You're my kind of people. We love each other. I like it. We landed the big, beautiful Air Force One. I just asked as we're coming in, why couldn't we have landed here? I would have rather, you know.

Donald Trump: Then, I could have had the plane right behind there. Instead, we have the beasts in the base. What you don't know is the beast cost almost as much as the plane. It's a hell of a car. It's a walk-in army tank, the beast. So -- but we could have, I said, why don't we just land here and we couldn't. So I get off the plane.

Donald Trump: Oh, good. How long will it be? About 50 minutes, sir. That's a long drive and driving here, there were tens of thousands of people on the streets with flags. And then you read these fake reporters and they say, uh, President Trump is tied in Nevada tied. I don't think so. The only way we're tied is if they screw around with the ballots, which they will do in my opinion, OK?

Donald Trump: Uh, we're not tied anywhere. I asked some people that traveled with Obama, I said was it the same thing? They say, not even a tiny fraction of what you have, it's not even a fraction. We have more enthusiasm. We have more spirit than any campaign that anybody's ever seen. It's true. And that includes 2016, where the -- the enthusiasm, obviously, was great.

Donald Trump: How about all those states that we weren't supposed to win? No, he won't win there. He won't win there. Then all night long, Donald Trump won the great state of Texas. Donald Trump won the great state of this and that and one after another. And they would go, was that one of the coolest things, watching their people go crazy?

Donald Trump: They went crazy. No, they went crazy. How's he going to do in Georgia? Well, I think Georgia is going to be very close. It's going to be very close. They go, uh, the polls in Georgia have closed. Donald Trump wins the state of Georgia. You know why? 'Cause we won by so much. If they can do it simultaneously by saying the polls slows that he won, we had many of them, right?

Donald Trump: And we're doing, by the way, we're doing great. I just had Florida is a biggie and a good one and we are winning in Florida by a lot. So that's good, a lot. I'll tell you here, 'cause you don't read about that stuff. They don't like to write that. They don't like to write it. They have all fake polls. I'll tell you what, the polls are worse than the writing.

Donald Trump: Actually, in my opinion, the polls, you know, their suppression polls, they're meant to make people discouraged. Even me, I'm supposed to be discouraged. And fortunately, four years ago, we weren't discouraged because if we would have believed the polls, nobody would have voted. The concept is really make people feel so that on the election, they go, darling, let's go out to dinner.

Donald Trump: It's so sad about the President. Uh, I wish he was going to win, but let's go out to dinner then we'll come home, and let's not bother voting, right? Let's not bother voting. You see it's a suppression, but we -- my people don't get suppressed. My people go out and vote. My people go out and vote. There's no suppression.

Donald Trump: Phony polls. How about the guy? The New York times hired this pollster, this great genius. He never called one wrong. I don't know, 346. I don't know what the hell -- it's like, it's called 340. What's his number? What's his deal? Yeah. It's Silver, Silver, Nate Silver. They pay him a fortune. He said I think he gave us a 2% chance or 3%. Donald Trump is the 3% chance today of winning.

Donald Trump: The damn thing was over by 10 o'clock. He was given -- we were given a very tiny chance. What chance did he give us like 9%, something like that you know? They gave him millions of dollars shortly before 'cause he never called one wrong. He called that one wrong. He called that one wrong. And this is the one, why?

Donald Trump: I mean, I must tell you they're a little more accurate. At least here they have us, even in a lot of places, right? He's even, well, we're not even, we're not even. This is going to be the greatest victory. This is a more important election than four years ago. I'll tell you, more important. Because at no time before has there been a clearer choice between two parties or two visions, two philosophies, two agendas for the future.

Donald Trump: There has no -- never been anything like this. On November 3rd, Nevada will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity like we had. We had the greatest economy in the history, not of our country, in the world. We were beating everybody. We were beating China. Remember, if you go back, some of you go back.

Donald Trump: If you go back 10 years, 15 years, five years, everything was in 2019, China will overtake the United States as the largest economy and that didn't work out too well for them. That didn't work out. We were -- we were just doing leaps and bounds. We were doing so great and then we got hit with the plague, the China plague and we're not a -- we're not thrilled.

Donald Trump: It's a disgrace. Nobody should have died. Nobody should have died. We got hit. The whole world got hit, but they stopped it from going into the rest of China. They stopped it from going into China, but they didn't stop it from coming into the U.S. and Europe and 188 countries. So whether or not we allow Biden to impose the biggest tax increase in the history of our country, $4 trillion or ban and -- he wants to ban energy or ban America.

Donald Trump: He wants to stop fracking. Hey, by the way, when he was running as a Democrat and in the worst debate performances I've ever seen, OK? What do you think? He was unable to answer anything. Are you awake, sir? Sir, please wake up. And who was the worst? Who, who treated him the worst? Kamala, Kamala. She's another beauty.

Donald Trump: She started off as a favorite. She was at 15. Then she went down to 14 to 12 to 10. She was like a dropping rock and water. She was going down so fast. Then, she went down to five and four and three, two, and then she said, I got to get the hell out of here. This is getting embarrassing. And nobody treated him worse than Kamala, right?

Donald Trump: She called him a racist. She called him everything. She was horrible to him and he says, I'm going to choose Kamala. She's just great. Oh, yeah. Oh, these people, these people. You know, you're supposed to choose the people that did well. She got out before I was, I remember, right? She didn't want to run in Iowa and then Bernie got -- again, this guy is the greatest loser ever because no, no, no.

Donald Trump: He's a good sport. Bernie, crazy Bernie. He's so crazy. But he's a good sport because, you know, with Hillary, they really did. Do we have any young children here? I know it's on a lot of television. Could you turn the television off just for a minute? Just for about three seconds, he got screwed, right?

Donald Trump: OK, now you can turn it back on. But then they really did with this last one because if Pocahontas, Elizabeth Warren, if she would have left the race one day before the big super Tuesday, she -- I mean, Bernie would have her philosophy, right? Liberals, by the way, you know who's more liberal than Bernie?

Donald Trump: Kamala. She's rated the No. 1 most liberal, but this is not for Nevada. This is not for -- [Audience shouts "No"] and I would say, she'll be President. If he ever won, she'll be President within the first month or so I would say. I think it's just an excuse, using him is just an excuse to get the super libs in there.

Donald Trump: So they can destroy our suburbs, demolish our Second Amendment, erase your borders, and indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti-American lies in school. [Audience Boos] So under my leadership, we built the greatest economy in the history of the world. And now, we're doing it again. We're doing it again.

Donald Trump: You see that though and we're developing a vaccine in record time. It will be ready before the end of the year and maybe much sooner than that. They're very unhappy about that. You know, it's amazing. We have a couple of really great experts. One who's -- we call him Dr. Scott, you know what I'm talking about?

Donald Trump: He's great. He said you know, this is the only time -- they were grilling him on television. Well, the vaccine's going too fast. You know why that's too fast? Because they don't want it to happen before the election. He said you know, this is the only thing in the world. I've never seen anything like it.

Donald Trump: Everybody wants a vaccine and when we start getting it fast, because President Trump happens to be President and we've done this in record time, years ahead of schedule. If this was sleepy Joe and Obama, you wouldn't have a vaccine for three years. But listen, he said, this is the craziest thing. So you're going to have a vaccine quickly, right?

Donald Trump: And everybody's upset about it. So now they're trying to hurt the vaccine and they're trying to say as many bad -- they know nothing about it, but they're trying to hurt it, and it's a shame, but he said it better than anybody I've heard. He said you know, you're trying to hurt this country by saying bad things about the vaccine because we're going to produce it early.

Donald Trump: It's the craziest thing. Think about it. Now, having a vaccine is good, but we're rounding the turn regardless. We're rounding the turn and it's happening. I mean it's happening. You'll see. Florida's way down. Texas is now way down, Arizona Governor's done a great job. All three Governors have done a great job.

Donald Trump: And Louisiana now they had a spike, but that the spike -- but the spike was able to be handled because now we understand, and what we did, we saved millions of lives because I hated to do it, but we had to close it up, understand this disease and then open up again. And we opened, but we would have had 2 million, 2.5, or 3 million people think of it.

Donald Trump: We're at like around 180,000 for this -- one is too many, one, too many, but we would have had 2.5, 3, 3.5 million people. It would not have been acceptable, would not have been sustainable. We've done an incredible job and these people that have done it with me, the ventilators, the vaccines, the therapeutics, these people, I mean the hospitals, the beds that we built, the ships that we sent to New York, the ships that we sent, to have an ungrateful Governor in New York, Cuomo, to have an ungrateful Governor, we sent him ships. [Audience Boos] We sent them ships.

Donald Trump: We sent them -- we built a convention center with 2,800 beds and he didn't use the beds for senior citizens. He hardly used the beds at all. He hardly used the ships at all. He said we did a phenomenal job and now he gets political. He wants to get political with me, a real wise guy, but that's OK. You got to see what they are doing between him and de Blasio.

Donald Trump: That's another beauty. [Audience Boos] What they've done to my beautiful city. I love that city so much. What they've done is so horrible. The highest taxes in the land, crime all over the place. They're like 300% up in crime. We need Rudy to come out of retirement. [Audience shouts "Yeah"] But we're defeating the China virus.

Donald Trump: When Biden was Vice President, he was a complete disaster on the swine flu, which was a much easier thing to handle. Joe Biden's zone Chief of staff said that when Biden managed swine flu in 2009, they quote, did every possible thing wrong. This is the guy that worked for him in charge of the swine flu and 60 million Americans got H1N1 in a period of time and it's just purely a fortune.

Donald Trump: He said it was just -- we were lucky. He said it's just lucky that there weren't great mass casualties, different kind of a disease a little bit and what he said is amazing. He said we did nothing, right. This is the man that's going to tell us all about building ventilators. You think Joe is going to be able to build thousands of ventilators a month, which now we're doing and sending up to all these countries all over the world who have no hope of building ventilators and they need them badly. [Audience shouts "Thank you, Trump"] So, you know, it's an amazing thing.

Donald Trump: The outbreak was so rampant that Obama-Biden, the administration told states to stop testing immediately and they ordered the CDC to stop counting cases because they looked like hell, OK? We didn't do that. We have, by the way, the reason we show so many cases because we have the best testing program in the world by far, by far.

Donald Trump: We've tested more people than India, than many, many big countries put together. India is second, we're 44 million tests ahead of India. They have 1.5 billion people and Prime Minister Modi calls me, he says, what a job you've done with testing. I said explain that to these dishonest people back there. Biden's record demonstrates that if he had been in charge when the China virus arrived, hundreds of thousands of more Americans would have died.

Donald Trump: As Vice President, he presided over the worst and the weakest and the slowest economic recovery since the great depression. You've heard that before. It was the most pathetic recovery. Since the depression, no state was hit harder by Biden's failure than Nevada and I was out here and he was -- that's right about that.

Donald Trump: I would tell you, you got hit hard. This is not the guy you want. But under my administration, before the virus, we quickly achieved the lowest unemployment rate in the history of Nevada and we'll soon have it back there again. We'll soon have it back there again, but I hope everybody here, 25,000 people, whatever the hell it is, including those people back there, they're angry at me.

Donald Trump: I don't know why we gave the press this good location because -- no, it blocks the people of thousands of people back there and the press is blocking them and I consider them much more important than I do the press. True. But Biden wants to raise your taxes so high. He would eradicate your economy. He'd put on new regulations and it wouldn't be him again.

Donald Trump: I'm going to keep saying it. It will be the people that control him. He's a puppet. And then, he wants to do a complete shutdown. We're setting records, you know, we just set a job record for four months, 10.4 million people. Listen to this, so when we had this pandemic worldwide, you know, look, it's -- it's a terrible thing that a thing like this happen, people were saying we could go to 41%, 42% unemployment.

Donald Trump: You know where we are now? 8.4%. I don't say that's -- if you would have said that and we have the strongest, highest stock market in history. So your 401ks are doing great. If he got in, we would have the greatest depression in the history of our country. I mean it. I think 1929 would look like good times, all right?

Donald Trump: Because he'd do everything wrong. He'd raise your taxes. He'd raise the hell out of interest rates. He'd do everything wrong. The Biden shutdown will permanently destroy the lives and dreams of tens of millions of Americans, inflict totally lasting harm on our children, and lead countless deaths from suicide.

Donald Trump: Don't forget, when you do these shutdowns, your state is shut down. You got a Governor, you're shut down, except, except if you have a riot, you're not shut down for riots, riots you can have. They can burn the hell out of this strip. They can burn the hell out of Reno. They can do whatever the hell they want if it's a riot.

Donald Trump: But if you want to go to church, you can't do it. If you want to be in a group of people, you can't do it. But you know, there's a lot of harm done on the other side, there's a lot of tremendous harm done. Remember the cure, it can't be worse. Remember that. And on the other side, drugs, suicide, depression, substance abuse of different kinds, heart disease, you have tremendous problems on the other side.

Donald Trump: Open your schools, open up. We got to open up this state. And I guarantee you, and by the way, you know, the states that are open are doing really well. They're doing much better than the ones that are closed. I don't know if you've been seeing the numbers and this is just arithmetic. The states that are open are doing great.

Donald Trump: The states that are closed, North Carolina, what he's doing to that great state. He's got it locked down, shut down. Michigan, what she's doing and we're trying to get Big Ten football by the way, but we won't even -- Michigan. What she's doing to Michigan is unbelievable. Take a look at what they're doing to Pennsylvania and here's another Governor in charge of millions of ballots.

Donald Trump: So I'm going to win Pennsylvania, but what's he going to do with these ballots? Where are they going? Who are they sending? Who's sending it back? Who's signing? They don't even have to have an authorized signature in Nevada, did you know that? They don't have to have -- you don't have to have an authorized signature on a ballot.

Donald Trump: No, they're trying to rig an election and we can't let that happen. I hope you're all going to be poll watchers. I hope you are. Because with you people watching the polls, it's going to be pretty hard to cheat. I'll tell you. I wouldn't want to be a cheater. They'll figure a way. No, they are. It's a very dangerous thing.

Donald Trump: It's a very dangerous thing and I totally mean it and I've been at it and you see people -- and by the way, it's not even politics. It's common sense. They said millions of ballots. People are getting ballots. People died and they're getting ballots. They're sending up to dogs. You see that? Dog's got ballots, everybody's getting ballots, probably everybody, but Republicans are going to get the ballots, right?

Donald Trump: And they're unsolicited. So when you say, you know, solicited, 'cause I like solicited better as a word than absentee, absentee, nobody knows what the hell it's supposed to represent. It's not really a good definition. One is solicited where you ask, you solicit the ballot. You want it, you signed papers.

Donald Trump: They send it to you. You send it back. It's OK. It's good. But unsolicited, where they take millions of ballots. So what happens? I happened to think the postal people are great, but what happens if one of the post guys, before he gives the ballots, he takes a whole handful and hands them to some Democrat political operative, right?

Donald Trump: And so he hands them a thousand ballots and the guy doesn't even have to -- you don't have to have verification in Nevada. Now, here's the good news. We're in front of a court and hopefully, the court's going to rule because this is the greatest scam -- this is the greatest scam in the history of Presidential politics.

Donald Trump: These people are -- they've gone crazy. Biden and his party of Liberal hypocrites want to lock law-abiding Americans in their homes, which is what they're doing and they want to keep them out of church. They really do. They're fighting God, they're fighting guns, and they're fighting oil. Think of it. [Audience Boos] I don't think they'll do too well in Texas.

Donald Trump: Did you see what they said? We think the race will be quite close in Texas, but the President has an edge. Listen, I'm in favor of oil and energy. I'm in favor of religion and God, OK, and I'm in favor of our great Second Amendment, guns. So he's against our Second Amendment. OK, you know, who he put in charge Beto, Beto. [Audience Boos] Or as [Inaudible] says it's Be-to, Be-to.

Donald Trump: So when Beto was legit and then Ted Cruz beat him and Ted did a very good job. I'd tell you he did a great job. So -- but Beto went totally South. He went totally -- he's gone crazy. So he now is a big gun guy. He wants to take guns away from everybody. So who did Biden put in charge? Beto. Remember Beto was interviewed in some magazine or third-rate magazine, most of them are.

Donald Trump: But remember, and Beto said, this was at the beginning before he got beat to hell. He -- I said, he thought this was easy to take. But remember when Beto said I was born for this. As soon as I hear somebody's born for running for President, I said, he's out. That's the end. Nobody's born for this. This is tough stuff.

Donald Trump: I -- I had a great life. I'll tell you my life was so beautiful. What the hell did I do this for? But you know what? You know what? We are doing things that nobody's ever done before. And I say it all the time, but that's what makes me happy. We're dealing with very sick and very bad and evil people. But I'll tell you, no administration in three and a half years, no administration has done what we've done in the first three and a half years.

Donald Trump: But they want to punish you for praying in church while they let agitators and arsonists burn your churches down. Look at Washington. [Audience Boos] They want to burn the churches down and that's fine, but you know, you want to go pray in church, they won't let you do that. Just last week, Biden proudly accepted the endorsement of pro-criminal anti-police Portland District Attorney who has a policy of releasing riders, vandals, criminals, and violent extremists without any charges, no charges, never saw anything -- [Audience Boos] and by the way, all of these places we're talking about, you know, are Democrat-run, Chicago, New York, Portland, Seattle.

Donald Trump: The only reason Seattle got settled because they knew we were going in, we told them. We're going in tomorrow morning. We're going to open it up. We're going to take it. It would have taken us 20 minutes. So they sent people that night because they didn't want to be embarrassed, but look at what we've done in -- so every place we've touched, we solved the crime, but they have to ask us.

Donald Trump: If they don't ask us, we're not supposed to do it, but maybe we do it anyway. And it usually takes anywhere from 25 minutes to about, uh, one hour. Wasn't that a beautiful sight though in Minneapolis, right? They're burning a poor city down. I love that state. I think we have a chance of winning that state, first time in many years for a Republican.

Donald Trump: They're burning Minneapolis. You don't think of Minneapolis that way, right? You don't think of it. The city is burning down. You have this fake CNN reporter. What's his name? Velshi, the nice shaved head. Maybe I should try that. Should I try that? No, I don't -- [Audience shouts "No"] Donald Trump went down substantially in the polls, like about 40%. He showed up with a new haircut.

Donald Trump: It's called a shaved head, Ali Velshi. I remember he said, no, this is a friendly protest. It's a friendly protest and it's really quite nice and people are throwing bottles out of -- and he's being hit with tear gas. This is a friendly protest and you look over your shoulder and the entire city was burning.

Donald Trump: Do you remember the scene? The thing looked like it was 30 blocks. It was just burning. And he's talking about, this is all fake news and nobody would have known. I knew it before I did it, but I never knew it to this extent. I never knew it to this extent. It is corrupt. It's fake and they shouldn't be allowed to do it.

Donald Trump: They shouldn't be allowed. These are far-left lunatics that Biden selects to staff has government. There are policies Biden's pledged to apply nationwide. You're going to have the suburbs -- you know, they have a plan, doesn't matter. It's a regulation, very horrible regulation for the -- does anybody live in the suburbs?

Donald Trump: Because if you don't -- if you don't vote for Trump in the suburbs, OK. [Audience shouts "Donald Trump, we love you"] You know, women that live in the suburbs, they say, oh, they don't like Donald Trump. I said I think they do, remember last time? Remember? It's the same thing? No, it's the same thing. Remember last time, four years ago, Donald Trump will not do well with women.

Donald Trump: I said, why am I so bad? Donald Trump will not -- and then the votes start coming in. He's doing very well, Jim, with the women. I don't know what's going on. We did very well with women. We did well with everybody, we did well with everybody, but they have a regulation and Ben Carson was fantastic, the head of HUD.

Donald Trump: I said, Ben, they're going to destroy the suburbs and they wanted Cory Booker to head that program. But the program was already doing damage. They were playing with the zoning so they could build projects in the suburbs, projects in the suburbs and I said, we're going to end it. Somebody said, sir, let's just amend it.

Donald Trump: I said, nope, we got to end it, end it. I want to end it. I don't want -- I don't want to have a lesser version. But if he gets in, they will open up that that whole program. They're going to open it up on steroids. They're going to open it up to a level that you wouldn't have believed possible and he will drive you out of the suburbs.

Donald Trump: He will drive you out to the hill, drive you out of everything. They're going to end -- they're going to open up there, I call it the suburban destruction program because that's what they've done and it's been a horrible program. It's been very unfair to people with the American dream. And let me just tell you something, 30% of the people that live in the suburbs are minorities.

Donald Trump: They're Hispanic, they're Black, they're Asian, it's the American dream and they want the American dream, and they don't want that to happen. That's why I'm doing so well with African-American, with Asian-American, with Hispanic-American, and with women. But don't let them ruin the suburbs because they will put that regulation back immediately, immediately.

Donald Trump: And don't let them ruin the suburbs because the suburbs are a special place, the suburbs or the American dream. That's where everyone aspires to and that includes minorities and everybody. Don't let them ruin the suburbs. And with that comes tremendous crime. And you know, I was speaking, I was talking the other day, darling, somebody just moved next door.

Donald Trump: Who is it? It's a representative of Antifa. She will look at her husband, say, darling, we're out of here. We're out of here, Antifa. Remember they were trying to blame other people. They don't like to mention the name Antifa. I said, it's Antifa and I was right. I was right. They're bad people and you know what?

Donald Trump: They have to pay a price for the damage and for the horror that they've caused. They have to pay a price and it's so easy, it's so easy. A lot of them now are wealthy. You know, they're like these wealthy, spoiled kids that have no clue about life. They've got arms that are about this big and that -- but they wear heavy jackets with lots -- and you look and say, that guy looks tough and then the jacket comes off and you see these two little -- and they go home and they live in a basement, too, their mom and dad's basement.

Donald Trump: But Biden's plan is to appease domestic terrorists and my plan is to arrest domestic terrorists. Joe Biden is a weak person. He does whatever his left-wing puppet masters demand. You know that. Joe, Joe, doesn't, look, Joe doesn't know what's going on. You know that. I mean, let's be nice about it, OK? And I'm being nice, what I say.

Donald Trump: He'll never be able to protect your family, your loved ones, or your community. If Biden's elected, his radical supporters won't just cause mayhem on the streets like you're seeing, all Democrats. We could solve it so fast. Chicago, a few weekends, think of it, 72 people shot. This is shot. Somebody said, you mean with bullets?

Donald Trump: I said, yeah, with bullets, 18 people died. Now, we're pulling our troops out of Afghanistan, out of Iraq, you see what's happening. But, but let me tell you, but we don't -- there's nothing like that over there. They don't have 18 people killed or 12 people, you know, in a short period of time, where you have 70 people shot, where you have another weekend where they had, I think a few weekends ago, 38 people have been shot in Chicago.

Donald Trump: There's -- I said 38, it's not even believable. And now when these people say it, they make it, you know, they try and play it down and you're sitting there and he said, did I just see 38 people were shot? It's just a terrible thing and it could all be stopped. It could all be stopped so quickly, but they have to respect law and they have to have order, law and order.

Donald Trump: But these radical lefts will be running the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security in the United States Supreme Court, and you see what's going on there. If we don't -- you know, the next President, hopefully, it's going to be us, not me, us, but the next President is going to have one, two, three, or four Supreme court justice.

Donald Trump: It's just, you know, just that time, right? Just that time going to be a minimum of one, I would say, but it will be a one, two, three, or four and that's going to change the whole makeup of the Supreme Court. That's going to take away your guns. That's going to destroy your Second Amendment. That's going to change the whole rationale, thinking on so many different subjects like you wouldn't believe, including, by the way, life, OK?

Donald Trump: Life, pro-life anybody pro-life here? No, this is going to change the makeup of this country for 50 years. I don't know that the country will survive 50 years if that happens. It might not survive five years if that happens. But the next President and you saw, I put out a list of an additional number of very conservative, highly thought of, highly respected judges.

Donald Trump: And they are, uh, the only people that I will pick, meaning the first list, the second list, it's about 44, 45 people. They are the only people that I will consider for the Supreme Court of the United States. And I'm asking Joe Biden to do the same thing, but he can't because he's got a bunch of radical-left maniacs that they want to put on the court and nobody can get elected, not even with Democrats, rational Democrats, will they vote for some of these people to be on?

Donald Trump: So, so far he's refused to do it. I'm probably forcing him tonight to do something, but he should put out a list of his judges so that you know where you stand. Biden supports cutting police funding you know that. [Audience Boos] Abolishing -- and by the way, did you see, we just got Chicago police today endorsed Trump.

Donald Trump: That's not easy to do, Chicago. New York's finest, New York's finest endorsed, Florida, Ohio, Texas. We have everybody. Is there a police officer in the country? If there is, they'll do a commercial. This officer loves sleepy Joe Biden. He's so tough on crime. So Biden's been going down very rapidly in the polls.

Donald Trump: And now, what he's doing is he's playing tough guy. That he's tough -- and all of a sudden, he goes from a demolished -- demolish and defund, OK? But he goes from, let's not give the police any money. Let's not even say defund for him. His people want to defund the police. They actually have places, Seattle.

Donald Trump: They actually don't want to have police. Minneapolis, they don't want to have police. They don't want to have police. What's going to happen? You saw the commercial we put up, a woman's being murdered. I'm sorry. We cannot take your call right now. We will call you back within the next 24 hours. A woman's being raped, right?

Donald Trump: I'm sorry. We cannot respond right now because we have been defunded, but we will try getting there within the next week. This is what you're going to have. I mean, that was a strong commercial. It had a big impact, but this is what you're buying with a guy like this. This guy, you're going to have Portlands all over this country and we can't -- we can't allow that to happen.

Donald Trump: Not here, he says, not here in Nevada. Well, with your Governor, it could happen here, too. I can tell you. [Audience Boos] They want to abolish bail. So they want a abolish cash bail like they did in New York. They release people -- the horrible criminals in New York, they release them, no cash bail and he calls law enforcement -- Biden called law enforcement the enemy.

Donald Trump: They're not the enemy. They're our friends, they're our great friends and without them, we wouldn't be here. Here in Nevada, rioters burned the city hall in Reno. Does anybody know that? Do you know that? [Audience shouts "Yeah"] That's not a pleasant sight. How did you allow that to happen? I would have thought you people would have gotten out there.

Donald Trump: It's like, you're not going to burn out city hall. And during the violent demonstrations in Las Vegas, a 29-year old police officer -- you know about this, was deliberately shot in the head while he was doing his job, a vicious criminal left, he was a left person, a left. He was a real left all right. And, uh, the young officer, as you know, he's a young, brilliant young guy and he's totally paralyzed.

Donald Trump: Unlike Biden, while I'm President of the United States, I will always stand with the heroes of our law enforcement. And on November 3rd, you will save America. You're talking about saving America. We cannot let this happen to our country 'cause I don't know if you can ever come back from what will happen, including our Supreme Court.

Donald Trump: We're joined tonight by our terrific Republican Congressional nominee, who's my complete and total endorsement, Jim, where are you, Jim? Jim Marchant, Jim Marchant, where are you? A lot of people out there, Jim. It's not easy. Are you doing well? I just looked at a very solid poll. Jim Marchant is a great guy and hopefully, he's going to win and you're going to carry him over and you need it.

Donald Trump: You need it. Thank you, Jim. And also to a man that should have been Governor. He should have been Governor. What happened? I don't know what happened. Nevada Attorney General. He's a great guy, Adam Laxalt and he's watching very closely. And I'll tell you Adam, please. He's a great lawyer, a great talent and, uh, he's going places, but, uh, you have to watch.

Donald Trump: He just said our next Governor, I believe that's true. You have my endorsement, but I will tell you this, Adam, uh, if you could, 'cause you're doing a fantastic job watching. Watch all these, uh, votes coming in on the ballots. The unsolicited ballots, will you watch it, please, OK? Alright, you know? All right, James Settelmeyer.

Donald Trump: Where's James? James. Look at him. James, whoa. Look at the size of James. I want you protecting me, James. It's -- James is good. You're doing well. I saw a good poll for you, too. I think we're all doing well. I think we're all doing well. It's like a family. Thank you, James, very much. All of you guys.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. A woman who did a fantastic job, she headed up Michigan. We won Michigan. The first time in decades, Republicans won. She was horrendous. She kept calling me, sir, one more speech. Please, come over. OK, I'll do one more Ronna, Ronna McDaniel. I'll do one more Ronna, one more. I do the speech, two days later, I get a call.

Donald Trump: One more, sir. We need one more, but we ended up winning Michigan. First time in decades, Ronna, McDaniel, Ronna. She was great and I said, you know, when I won, I said, well, who are we going to put at the RNC that's Republican National Committee, who we're going to put. And I said, how about that woman?

Donald Trump: That ran -- she was, she was so tough. I said, how about the woman that ran Michigan that we won first time in so many years. So, thank you, Ronna, great job you're doing. We appreciate it. And another man who's doing a fantastic job, who's been a friend of mine for a long time, your GOP Chair, Michael McDonald, Michael.

Donald Trump: Great job, Michael. Thank you, Michael. Thank you, Mike. How are we doing Michael? Are we leading? I hope. OK. I hear we're doing well. Be careful of the ballots. It's the only way we're going to lose. Can't -- can't have this happen to our country. And also here are several really great members of a terrific association and they like Trump a lot, the Nevada Trucking Association, where are they?

Donald Trump: Nevada Trucking, Nevada Trucking. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for -- thank you very much. Great job. We appreciate it very much. Those roads are going to get very nice. They're already started. Tonight, Our hearts are with all of the communities in the West battling devastating wildfires. I'm going there the day after tomorrow.

Donald Trump: I'm staying in your state tonight, but I'm going to be going to California. Spoke to the folks in Oregon, Washington. They really haven't -- they never had anything like this, but you know, it is about forest management. Please remember the words, very simple, forest management. Please remember. It's about forest management and other things, but forest management.

Donald Trump: My administration is closely coordinating with state and local leaders and we want to thank the more than 200,000 people that are working on it and 28,000 firefighters and first responders who courageously and bravely are fighting out there. They are fighting and it's dangerous. It's dangerous. It's a rapidly spreading hundreds of thousands of acres, it's not been anything quite like this one.

Donald Trump: We've spent the last four years reversing the horrible damage Joe Biden inflicted over the past 47 years. Think of it. He's been there 47 years and he always says, well, why didn't you do this? Why didn't -- the guy just really, you know, in all fairness, I've been here three and a half years. So it's not like they haven't been here.

Donald Trump: He was a Vice President for eight years and he only did one thing good. He treated Obama good. I was going to say something else, but they would have scolded me. I was good. That's exactly what I was going to say, but I didn't. It's better that you say it. Do you want to shout it out? Go ahead shout. [Audience shouts "Kiss his ass"] That's what I said.

Donald Trump: That's what I was going to. Thank you very -- well, this can only happen in Nevada. And we passed record tax cuts and regulation cuts to keep the family farms and ranches in the family. Nobody even knows this. We've virtually eliminated the unfair estate tax also known as the death tax. Does anyone have a small farm, medium-sized farm, or business, anybody?

Donald Trump: If you want to leave it to your children, you don't have to pay tax now because of Trump. I always say it and I mean it, if you like your children, it's great. If you don't like your children, that doesn't mean a damn thing. Don't leave it to them. I ended the administrations -- and if you look at that last administration, what they were doing on American energy, what they were doing, and now we are the world's number one energy producer by far and we are energy independent.

Donald Trump: How about your gas prices? That's not too bad, right? You know, it's -- you didn't think you'd ever see those prices. Those under $2 prices. Did you, huh? Thank you, President Trump. I appreciate it, sir. By this pledge to abolish the production of American oil and shale and clean coal and natural gas and he wants to ban fracking, right?

Donald Trump: So he's in these debates with the other people and they're just eating him alive. He did his best debate against crazy Bernie and I got to ask, why did he get better all of a sudden? What happened? Why? Do you have any idea why? I think I know. Why did he get better all of a sudden? But he did his last debate, but he was so bad and he raised his hand, no fracking.

Donald Trump: There will be no fracking under my administration he said. And you know why I add the word he said? Because they will take what I said and they will put it as a commercial. There will be no fracking under my administration. They'll have it -- and they'll have me say them. That's how dishonest these people are.

Donald Trump: So I always have to add something because you know, but even then sometimes they'll cut it off at the end. But he said, there'll be no fracking under my administration. Now, all of a sudden he goes to Pennsylvania and his polls aren't looking very good because they do big fracking, and he goes to Texas, and he goes to Oklahoma, and he goes to North Dakota, and he goes to all these places, not looking so good.

Donald Trump: All of a sudden he says, I have nothing against fracking. What are you talking about? But always follow their first instinct because the first instinct is what is going to happen and he has to because he signed, you know, he has a manifesto. I call it the manifesto with Bernie and AOC plus three, you know, all these crazy people and it's a manifesto.

Donald Trump: And it reads far worse than anything Bernie Sanders ever said. You know, I thought he'd take what Bernie did and move them somewhat to the right. No, he took what Bernie said and they move way further left. It's the craziest thing I've ever seen, but follow the original statements because that's what's going to happen.

Donald Trump: Whether it's on religion or on guns or on fracking or on energy or anything, that's what's going to happen. California has already implemented this extreme agenda and they are experiencing massive blackouts. You know that. California, they like winds. They like winds, oh, darling, let's watch television.

Donald Trump: I'm sorry, darling, the wind, the wind isn't blowing tonight. We can't watch television, but I want to watch President Trump. He's on television. I want to watch him. Darling, how many times do I have to tell you? The wind is not blowing tonight and the government came and turned off all the windmills because they're killing all our bald Eagles and all our birds.

Donald Trump: It's unbelievable. You want to see a bird cemetery, walk under a windmill sometime. They pile up. It's -- honestly, it's terrible. Then the environmentalist will say, oh, that's so wonderful. You know what? You know, when they talk about fumes, when they talk about going up the carbon, going up, take a look where they're made.

Donald Trump: They're made in China and they're made in Germany. They spew more crap into the air than anything. They can -- you can run those things for 15 years and they'll never make up the difference. But here's what happens, after a certain number of years, they were out. And did you ever see a windmill when it shot like Joe?

Donald Trump: What happens? No, you know what happens to it? It starts to rust. They don't paint it. The maintenance gets bad and then they just turn it off. Take a look at California where they have windmills that have been -- that are old and nobody wants to take them down because it's not a lot of profit at taking them down.

Donald Trump: So they're sitting there all rotten and rusty. It's terrible. And then I hear the environmentalist, love them. Uh, it's -- we got to talk to the environmentalist. I would, too. And they cannot, they cannot -- you know, solar, I like solar, but solar is very expensive and it doesn't have the power to -- to fire up our massive plants.

Donald Trump: We have big plants, including in this great state and you can't fire them up with this stuff. You can't fire it. We need the strength because we're competing against a lot of nations and they don't go through what we do. They don't care about the air and they should, and they should, which is another problem.

Donald Trump: You know, I took you out of that crazy Paris climate accord because it was a total disaster. No, it was a way of hurting the United States. I tell you, it would -- would've -- we would've had to close 20%, 25% of our factories in order to even -- it was so crazy, so expensive, but I took you out and you know, I was surprised people, most people, they appreciate what I did 'cause you think it was easy doing that.

Donald Trump: It was actually, I thought it would be devastating. I got one day of bad press after that. Everybody forgot about it. It wasn't -- it wasn't that bad, but I did the right thing for our country and we want to have our great plants working. We want to have our great plants fired up. [Audience chants "Four more years"] And you know, they said manufacturing jobs are dead, right?

Donald Trump: Sleepy Joe said I'm going to bring back manufacturing. Really? Well, Obama said, you'd need a miracle to bring back manufacturing. I brought back 650,000 jobs. He said you'd need a miracle. And now sleepy, Joe is saying that, no, no, no, I'm going to bring back -- he's not going to bring back anything. I made history by signing an Executive Order, making the official policy of the United States government to buy American and to hire American.

Donald Trump: Now, I did this a long time ago. And then, I see your sign in front of Joe, right here, right here. It said buy American. Oh, great, Joe. Thanks, Joe. Where have you been for 47 years? Because for 47 years, Joe Biden did the opposite. He crushed the dreams of American workers and enriched foreign countries.

Donald Trump: That's how China happened. Hey, look what I've done. I've taken billions, tens of billions of dollars out of China. Nobody else did it before. I mean, no other President and in all fairness, in all fairness to Obama and Biden, I call them, O'Biden 'cause it's easier, O'Biden. In all fairness to O'Biden, you know, I mean, they didn't do any of that.

Donald Trump: But now I see buy American. Hey, he also copied on the pandemic. Did you see he copied everything I was doing? Except one thing, he wouldn't have closed the country to China so hundreds of thousands of people would have died from that. But two months, two and a half months later, he admitted that I was right.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, Joe. I appreciate it. And yesterday he made it -- I think he made a mistake. Well, what do you think the USMCA, what's better, that or NAFTA? Well, no, the USMCA is better. Was that Jake Tapper? I like Jake Tapper, what's that? I don't think he's doing -- I don't think he likes me so much, but that's OK.

Donald Trump: They said what's better? They said what's better? He goes, USMCA, well, that's the deal that Trump made. Oh, it is, oh? That's a great deal we made. We took the, uh, horrible NAFTA deal. We got rid of the NAFTA. We got rid of TPP. We got rid of that terrible, terrible South Korea deal, which Hillary Clinton said, will produce 250,000 jobs.

Donald Trump: She said, this will produce 200 -- she made it, Hillary, crooked Hillary. She made it, no wait, she said it's going to produce 250,000 jobs and she was a 100% right. It produced 250,000 jobs for South Korea, not for us. South Korea did very well with that deal, but I changed that deal a lot. That's now a good deal.

Donald Trump: Earlier this year, I kept my promise to American workers when we ended the NAFTA nightmare and signed the brand new USMCA, Mexico, Canada agreement into law. You're not going to see companies leaving from Mexico very much anymore. They're not going to be leaving your community going to Mexico, making the product, selling the product back in, not being taxed at the border.

Donald Trump: It doesn't work that way anymore. It's probably the biggest reason I ran for President if you want to know the truth and these endless and these stupid, endless wars. I saved the unite -- but that's one of the reasons Washington doesn't like me, they love those endless Wars. You got to ask them why. Do you ever watch where they're very critical of me?

Donald Trump: We don't like him on foreign policy. Really? Look what I've done. Look what I've done. Israel was -- we're signing deals all over the place. These guys that are lecturing all the time, they don't have a clue. They're clueless. They were clueless. That's why for 40 years you got nothing except blood in the sand.

Donald Trump: That's all you got, blood in the sand. I saved the U.S. auto industry by withdrawing from last administration's job-killing Trans-Pacific partnership. I took the toughest-ever action to stand up to China's rampant theft of American jobs. They don't like me too much. Joe Biden's agenda is made in China. My agenda is made in the USA.

Donald Trump: That's the way it is. For the last four years, I've been delivering for our incredible Hispanic. I love the Hispanic community. Oh, there was a poll today. Did you see it? Did you see the poll? Oh, this was a biggie. They had a poll today that with the Hispanic voter, they call them Latino, Hispanic. They used different terms.

Donald Trump: To me, I just loved the people. I don't care, but -- but let me just, did you see it? Trump is leading Biden with the Hispanic community. Trump is leading Biden. Well, Hispanics like -- Hispanics like tough people. They like people that are going to produce jobs. They like, and by the way, the Hispanics understand the border better than anybody else.

Donald Trump: They have better than anybody else. No, we're being -- you know, it's unusual that a Republican would be leading a Democrat, not -- it's habit. You know what the problem is habit, but the Hispanics get it and we're leading it with the Hispanic community and that's because you had the lowest job numbers in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: You had the best homeownership, every -- every statistic was the best. And now, we're doing it again, except, we're doing it very rapidly. Remember 8.4%, we could have been at 44% if stupid people ran it, 8.4%. I'm fighting for school choice, safe neighborhoods, low taxes, and regulations on Hispanic owned, small businesses.

Donald Trump: We're fighting, you know, the Hispanic-owned small businesses, they're great business people. I know it from being in business. They were very tough. They were great business people and they get it. They get it like very few people get it. I'm also standing up for religious liberty. Joe Biden would be -- so Joe Biden would be a disaster for all communities, not just the Hispanic communities.

Donald Trump: He's pledged to wage attacks on Catholic organizations, like the Little Sisters of the Poor that we're helping and we're winning with them. We're helping them. They got hit so hard by O'Biden. They got hit so hard. I remember them in the Supreme Court, the Little Sisters of the Poor. They get hit by Biden and then he says, how wonderful.

Donald Trump: He's such a wonderful person. He supports taxpayer-funded, extreme late-term abortion. [Audience Boos] And I mean, ninth month, ninth month, ninth month and he'd allow violent mobs to burn down your business and he would hand your country over to the socialists. But I believe it's worse than socialists.

Donald Trump: I do. I think it's a step worse than socialists and it starts with a C. That is why we're going to win a record share of the Hispanic vote in November. It's so important. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. It's so important. We're bringing it back very fast. I think next year's -- next year, I believe we'll be as good or better than the year we had last year.

Donald Trump: And unless somebody comes in and decides to quadruple your taxes, then, I can't. Then, all bets are off, but we're going to have -- we're lowering taxes. He's raising taxes. We're going to have tremendous growth. Joe Biden's party continues to attack our incredible border agents. They're incredible people, more than half of whom happen to be Hispanic-Americans.

Donald Trump: Did you know that? I know all of them, Jose, how are you doing? Juan, how are you doing? Every once, I -- like every six times and say, hello, Jim, how are you? These extraordinary patriots deserve our admiration, gratitude, and respect, not Joe Biden's contempt. He's got contempt for these people that are so great and brave.

Donald Trump: That's a tough job. My administration's achieved the most secure border in American history. We ended the catch and release disaster. Remember, you'd catch somebody, what's your name? I don't know. What's your address? I don't know. OK, go into our country. That's OK. You couldn't arrest anybody, we ended it, stopped asylum fraud, and we've deported over 20,000 gang members, including MS-13 and over a half a million criminal illegal aliens.

Donald Trump: Now think about -- think about that number. Think if you had a half a million people spread throughout the country that were criminal, illegal aliens. Some of these are very violent people and we get them the hell out. We're stopping human trafficking, protecting the victims. Most of whom are women. Most of whom are women human trafficking.

Donald Trump: Because of the internet, that's a tremendously big and horrible business. These are the worst human beings of all, but most of these, uh, most of the victims are women, children to a much lesser extent, but women and human traffickers. And you know what made it that way is the internet, who would think it almost sounds like an ancient crime.

Donald Trump: It's not, it's very modern because of the internet because of the computer and it's a horrible thing and we've stopped so much of it. We have an incredible group of people that go after these animals. And we built now over 320 miles of border wall and we're adding 10 new miles a week and the wall will very soon be finished.

Donald Trump: It'll be finished. We've invested $2.5 trillion in the U.S. military. We've rebuilt our depleted -- it was a depleted military. Now, we have the newest, we have the best we've ever had and launched the first new branch of the United States Armed Forces and nearly 75 years, the U.S. Space Force and we did things that people said couldn't be done.

Donald Trump: After 52 years, we passed VA Choice and VA Accountability, and 91% of our veterans now approve of their VA Care. They think it's doing, it's doing great. The fact is, I did more in 47 months as President than Joe Biden did in 47 years, it's true. It's true. I withdrew from last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear deal.

Donald Trump: We killed the founder and leader of ISIS, al-Baghdadi. We eliminated the world's No. 1 terrorist and mass murderer of American troops, Qasem Soleimani. He's dead. He's gone. Biden voted for the Iraq war. He opposed the mission to take out Osama bin Laden. He opposed killing Soleimani. He oversaw the rise of ISIS and he cheered the rise of China as a very positive development.

Donald Trump: Oh, really? Tell me about it. Tell me about it, not too positive. Joe Biden has been on the wrong side of history for 47 years. In fact, his Secretary of State, Secretary of Defense said about him, he's never called it right. He never called it right. If we had listened to Joe, hundreds of thousands more Americans would right now have died.

Donald Trump: When the virus arrived, we launched the largest national mobilization since World War II you know that, especially with ventilators and equipment and masks and shields. We're delivering life-saving therapies and have achieved among the lowest-case fatality rates of any major country in the world and you don't hear that from the fake news.

Donald Trump: Europe's excess mortality rate is 24% higher and these are statistics that come from people that do this stuff, right? This is not done by my a secretary, 24% higher than the United States, and despite their punitive lockdowns, they're once again, seeing a spike. They're seeing a big spike in cases over there.

Donald Trump: They did the heavy lockdown, just like you're doing right here and they're seeing a spike and there's no reason for that. The United States has experienced the smallest contraction of any major Western nation. Think of that, and by far, the fastest recovery. And if they wrote about it properly, it would be a proper thing.

Donald Trump: It would be a proper thing to do. Through our historic relief programs, we've saved more than half a trillion Nevada cops and jobs and all of this, yet, so many people going out. We've saved 42,000 Nevada businesses. Think of that. Biden would terminate this comeback. He wants to end it. He would terminate this comeback.

Donald Trump: He would put your families in danger. He will totally destroy Social Security. And in my opinion, if you look at what he's going do to Medicare, he will -- they will destroy Social Security. They will -- you called it. You know what you're talking about. Exactly right. He's going to massively raise your taxes, reimpose crippling federal regulations, destroy your Social Security, and destroy protections for preexisting conditions.

Donald Trump: He's going to destroy that and decimate your 401ks and retirement savings and stocks. Your stocks are going to go down like you'd never saw anything good down before. He'll obliterate your Second Amendment. He'll give you and he would -- he would give free -- he wants to give free healthcare to illegal aliens. [Audience Boos] That'll bankrupt Medicare.

Donald Trump: He wants to get what -- you saw him raise his hand, remember the debate, where they're all standing there and he looked around, who's going to give free healthcare to illegal aliens and everyone's raising hands. He's going, ah, oh. No, take a look. I'm not kidding. It's sad. That's -- it's pathetic. He would end all travel bans on Jihadist regions and increase refugee admission, 700% opening the flood gates to terror-afflicted nations.

Donald Trump: You understand that. He'll establish a national sanctuary city policy for criminal illegal aliens. He loves sanctuary cities, meaning the people that control him love sanctuary cities. Biden pledges to oppose school choice and he has stated that if he is elected, charter schools are quote, gone, they're gone. [Audience Boos] In the second term and we've already started it very heavily.

Donald Trump: I will provide school choice to every parent in America. A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for all Americans. Instead of letting Washington change us, despite all that, we've been through and we've been through more than any President has ever been through with these characters and they're falling one after another.

Donald Trump: But you do notice that I hope, one after another. Oh, I see the phones have been wiped out. I wonder what that's all about, but that's a criminal thing you did. We are changing Washington. We are changing Washington. Never forget that they're coming after me because I am fighting for you and it's true. Over the next four years to conclude, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world and we will end our reliance on China once and for all.

Donald Trump: We will make our medical supplies right here in the United States. We will rapidly returned to full employment, soaring economies, and a record prosperity even greater than last year. We will hire more police, increased penalties for assaults on law enforcement, surge federal prosecutors into high-crime communities, and ban sanctuary cities.

Donald Trump: We will appoint prosecutors, judges, justices, and believe, we will believe in enforcing the law. We want law and order. We have to have it. We will ensure equal justice for citizens of every race, color, religion, and creed. We will defend the dignity of work and the sanctity of life. We will uphold religious liberty, free speech, and the right to keep and bear arms. [Audience shouts "Yeah"] We will strike down terrorists who threaten our citizens and we will keep America out of endless foreign wars, and we are bringing our troops home as we speak tonight.

Donald Trump: We will maintain America's unrivaled military might and we will ensure peace through strength. We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency. It's already signed, starts on January 1st. I don't want anyone to -- I know it was a big deal. I don't want sleepy Joe to take care of -- you know, can you imagine?

Donald Trump: I'll be watching. Prices have dropped substantially all throughout the country because of pricing and I'm the one that got it done. And he'll say, what did I do? What did I do? How did this happen? And we'll further reduce health insurance premiums and the cost of prescription drugs. We just did favored nations.

Donald Trump: We're going to come down to the lowest price anywhere in the world because we did a favored nations clause. You know what that is? We will -- the drug companies don't exactly like me too much. They're spending millions of dollars on negative commercials. Please understand, when you see those commercials, it means your drug prices are coming down.

Donald Trump: We will strongly protect Medicaid and Social Security, which they will give up, and we will always protect patients with preexisting conditions. And America will land the first woman on the moon and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education to our school.

Donald Trump: And we will teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag. And we will live by the timeless words of our national motto In God We Trust. For years, you had a President who apologized for America. Now, you have a President who is standing up for America and standing up for the people of Nevada.

Donald Trump: So very importantly, get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get your co-workers, and get out and vote on November 3rd. [Audience shouts "Yeah"] From Carson city to Elko, from Las Vegas to Reno, and from Clark County to right here in Douglas County, we stand on the shoulders of red-blooded American patriots who poured out their heart, sweat, and soul to secure our liberty.

Donald Trump: They want to secure our liberty. Think of it and defend our freedom. Nevada was founded by pioneers and prospectors, miners and cowboys, innovators and trailblazers, tough people, great people who tamed the frontier, raised up the mighty Hoover dam, lit up the brilliant lights of the Vegas strip, and transformed a sprawling desert into a shining oasis.

Donald Trump: So true. Our American ancestors made this into the greatest nation ever to exist on the face of the earth and we are making it greater than it ever has been. We are making it greater than ever before. We are making it greater than it's ever been. Proud citizens like you helped build this country and together we are taking back our country.

Donald Trump: We are returning power to you, the American people. With your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. And together with the incredible people of Nevada, we will make America wealthy again.

Donald Trump: We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. It's happening. We will make America safe again, and we will make America great again. [Audience shouts "Yeah"] Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.