Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-campaign-rally-prescott-arizona-october-19-2020

Donald Trump: Hello, Prescott. Hello, Prescott. I'd better speak faster, sun is hot. This sun is hot. So, did anybody notice? I'm sure you didn't that we flew over -- right over you, right? We have the greatest pilots and the greatest equipment anywhere in the world. I said I wonder if there'd be any danger. No, sir don't worry.

Donald Trump: And in flying over, I noticed something, right. I saw this crowd, and then I saw a crowd bigger than this over there trying to get in. Could you believe it? Let them in. Let him in. Let them in. They're coming in, just let them in. I thought we could wait. Would you like to wait about an hour as they [Inaudible]? Do you have speakers back there, please?

Donald Trump: All right. You know the fake news in every report, this stuff, right? Right? And they know it. Sleepy Joe Biden yesterday had seven people, and then they say, he's tied in the polls in Pennsylvania. No, I don't know. There's something going on here. There's something funny going on. So, the votes are coming in, and they're very much inclined to be with us. I don't know if you see -- early voting.

Donald Trump: Because our people like to go out like -- and vote, right? They like to vote. They like to vote, and it's incredible what's happening. So, the early votes are coming in in a lot of areas, and they're starting to get a little bit nervous on the other side. In Michigan, we're leading the early vote. It was supposed to be at 20%, and then we catch him, right, in the final days like a racehorse.

Donald Trump: No, no, no. It's -- it's going to be very big. You don't have events like this and you come in second in Arizona, okay? You don't do that. You don't say -- I don't like, say, let's leave now. Goodbye, you 25,000, 40,000, whatever the hell number of people. Goodbye, everybody, oh, we're in second place in Arizona.

Donald Trump: I don't think so. Now, we're in first place in Arizona. But these fake people back here, the press, the media, they're fake. [Audience booing] And same thing happened last time, only worse. It was crazy. And last time, I never did it before, so I believed them. And then what happened is we had the day and I was down in nine states that I had to win, right.

Donald Trump: I was down in all nine on Election Day and we won all nine, right? No, they said, this will be a very poor day for Donald Trump. That time, Donald Trump, right? This is going to be a rough day for Donald Trump down in nine states, end of the evening then you had saw them cry. Remember the guy with also John King?

Donald Trump: Oh my God, he just won Wisconsin, he just won Michigan, he just won Arizona. He just won Pennsylvania, what's going on? No, they were not having a good day. They were not -- this is going to be even better, I think. I mean, the only difference is the one -- the big risk is they sent out tens of millions of these unsolicited ballots.

Donald Trump: [Audience booing] And we're trying to find out who do they send them to, when do they send them, where do they send them, who sends them back. Some of these governors say you don't need certain signature verification. Why would you need a thing like that? No signature verification. In some cases, you don't need a signature.

Donald Trump: Why would you need a thing like that? No, they found 50,000 in a river. They found 53,000 in a creek. They found many in a garbage can, they happened to be from the military. Many of them, they were in a garbage can, they found them. [Audience booing] And they all had the name Trump on it, isn't that shocking?

Donald Trump: They were military, all in favor of Trump, and they found them in a garbage can. I got to tell you, that's the only thing I'm concerned about. And we have law enforcement watching every one of them, but they have -- and you have to watch them too. 15 days from now, we're going to win the state of Arizona and we're going to win four more years in the White House.

Donald Trump: Everybody needs to get out and vote, return your absentee ballot today or vote early in person as soon as you can. When is that starting, the early -- when does that start, now? Now, get out now, right? I like that better. You always get this, but -- [Audience chanting "Four more years."] Yeah. And your state is doing great.

Donald Trump: You have a great governor, as you know, and your state is doing great with a pandemic. Pandemic, they're getting tired of the pandemic, aren't they? Getting tired of the pandemic. Your turn on CNN, that's all they cover. COVID, COVID, pandemic, COVID, COVID, COVID. You know why? They're trying to talk everybody out of voting.

Donald Trump: People aren't buying it, CNN, you dumb bastards. They're not buying that. It's all they talk about. I watch this guy's got lousy ratings, Fredo. You know Fredo? He got horrible ratings. He's talking about the pandemic. That's all they talk about. I don't know. He said he had it, I'm not sure he had it. He went to the basement, it's the only time his ratings were up. People want to see what was going to happen.

Donald Trump: He'll probably get it again, even though in theory you're not supposed to be able to -- well, I had it and they say you're not going to catch it again. And that's okay with me. That's okay with me. Oh, were they happy when they heard I had it, right? Did you see it? Oh, that was -- they would try, well, we hope he gets better, we hope he gets better soon.

Donald Trump: And then I came out and I did a rally, they said, this guy hasn't changed. Actually, I'd say -- I'm not saying -- I don't know if this is a compliment. They said he looks better now than before he had it. What's that all about? What's that? Who knows? If you have it, you have it, you get better. But we have great therapeutics.

Donald Trump: We had -- I took something Regeneron which we're making available to everybody free. But to me, it was a cure. It wasn't a -- it really -- it wasn't a therapeutic, to me, it was a cure. I took it, I didn't feel so great. I will tell you that. I don't like to admit it, but for a long time, -- and I didn't feel too great.

Donald Trump: And when you are President, you have a lot of doctors checking you out, right? I told a story last night, we went -- by the way these rallies, they're unbelievable. And I like this better. Remember, we're outside. They all want us to be outside. They're all wanting us to be outside. And these are outdoor rallies, and we could hold more people that we can in the arenas.

Donald Trump: These are the biggest rallies. These are the biggest rallies ever had in history by a political candidate. They won't say that. No, it's great, it's great. But I took it, and it was incredible. Incredible. And I was out, I took it, I felt like Superman. The next morning, I woke up, let me 'em. With your vote, we will continue to cut your taxes and regulations to maintain your energy independence, strengthen our military, support our great police, protect our Second Amendment which is under siege, defend our borders, arrest violent criminals, and confirm more judges to uphold the rule of law.

Donald Trump: We have a record number of judges, you see that. A record number of federal judges and we have a great one right now, hopefully, gets approved next week. Amy. Under my leadership, prosperity will surge, patriotism will soar, optimism will boom, the pandemic will soon end, it's rounding the corner. They hate it when I say it. They always like to say about Europe, and this, and that.

Donald Trump: Really? Oh, really? How're they doing? How're they doing? I'll tell you what -- and we're working with them. We're sending them ventilators, we're sending them everything. But we're rounding the turn. We're going to have the vaccine. But with or without it -- and it's happening soon, by the way, would even happen sooner if we didn't have these characters on the other side, the Democrats that are running all these failed cities.

Donald Trump: [Audience booing] The Democrats are running your failed cities. You know that, right? And states. But if they weren't talking because they don't want it to be -- they don't want it to be successful. I really mean it. But ultimately, it's going to all come together because it was coming together and then we got hit by the China plague.

Donald Trump: We were going to all be well unified. People were calling me that you would have never expected it was coming together because of success, and then we got hit by the plague. We closed up, which we did a great thing. We saved 2 million lives or more. 2 million lives. We did a great job. We never got credit for it. We helped all of the states and the governors.

Donald Trump: Some did a good job. Some did a horrible job. I'll tell you who they are one day. Do I have the all-time great book? I have the real book, right? But like a lot of these other people, I don't like writing books while I'm running. I don't like writing books while we're in office, because you don't do that.

Donald Trump: Normal life will rapidly return. That's what we want, normal. Go, take us back to 1970. Yeah. And next year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our country. That's what's going to happen. And we're going to cut your taxes. This guy's going to raise your taxes by four times. Think of it. [Audience booing] And now, he's saying, well, maybe I won't take away the tax cuts because he said, we're going to end the Trump tax cuts.

Donald Trump: They said, well, it's going to ultimately be $8,000 of family. He said, well, maybe we won't end them. That doesn't sound so good. He is -- look, he's gonzo, folks. He's gone. He has no idea. And the people that are running that party are radical, far left maniacs. And you can't let this -- this is the most important election in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: This is election that's a choice between a Trump recovery at the highest, and -- or a Biden depression. You're going to have -- with what he's going to do with regulations, what he's going to do with taxes, every company that came in from Europe, from Asia, every company is going to leave as soon as the -- and I'll tell you what, even the thought of it -- as an example, Foxconn.

Donald Trump: Foxconn in Wisconsin, incredible company, it makes a lot of the Apple equipment stuff, right, the phones, the iPhones, the iPads. Incredible company. They don't like the Democrat governor. They don't want to spend the money. They would have come and spent a lot of money. They don't like the possibility that a sleepy Joe could get in. They don't want to invest billions of dollars and having those policies.

Donald Trump: So, they pull back. If Trump gets in, they will spend billions and billions and billions. Not your state, but Wisconsin, probably your state too, billions of dollars. But we speak to them. They're unhappy when they see this Democrat kind of leadership or even the chance that it is. So, where do you see what Foxconn does in Wisconsin?

Donald Trump: Okay, different place. But where do you see? If we win, they will make an investment, the likes of which our country has rarely seen before. But this is all a choice between getting a safe vaccine or really a lockdown. Biden wants to lock it down. He wants to listen to Dr. Fauci. He wants to listen to Dr. Fauci.

Donald Trump: And don't forget, Dr. Fauci, what he said is, no, no, don't close it to China. I said, I'm sorry, Doctor, you're a wonderful man --and I -- he is a nice man. You're a wonderful man, I'm closing it. I saved thousands of lives, he admitted that two months later, two months later. And Dr. Fauci said, don't put on masks, don't put -- you see the thing?

Donald Trump: And now, he says put on masks. And they say, he's a wonderful guy. And he is a wonderful guy, I like him. He just happens to have a very bad arm. He has a bad arm, but he's a good guy. He's a good guy. A lot of our people don't like him, I like him. You have to understand him, he's a promoter, what can I tell you.

Donald Trump: And it's a choice between the American dream, or a totally socialist nightmare. That's what you'll have, you'll be a socialist country. And I said, our country will never be a socialist country. We're not going to let it happen. It'll be this great. Joe Biden has made a corrupt bargain -- by the way, he's made many corrupt bargains if you've been reading.

Donald Trump: He's all shut down again, can you believe it? He's going lid. You know what lead means. Lid means a politician who goes into, I guess, a garbage can or something. Put the lid -- they put the lid on it, right? I guess -- I don't know, maybe it's something else. It sounds -- no, there's an expression, they kept saying, sir the vice -- our Vice President Pence is working his ass off, I'm telling you.

Donald Trump: He's all over the place. He's great. Did he do a good job against Kamala? If that were a fight, they would have stopped it. No, Pence is great, but they put the lid on it. So, every day you wake up, where's my dinner? Sir, he's lidded out. He's lidded out, what does that mean? That means he's going to stay in the basement all day.

Donald Trump: But I think, today he's staying in the basement to talk to his lawyers. They caught him cold. They caught him cold. [Audience chanting] I'll tell you something, and I mean this. So, he is lucky that we have, in our country and they don't appreciate, a wonderful human being and the most fair attorney general of the United States.

Donald Trump: Because I know people that would had him locked up five weeks ago. Bill Barr is a very nice man and a very fair man. And they have no idea, because somebody else would have taken that thing and all that crap and corruption. He's been a corrupt politician for a long time, this guy. And in many ways, it doesn't make some of us happy.

Donald Trump: But in many ways, Bill Barr is a wonderful human being and a very fair person. And he's not a person that wants to hurt people, just remember that. I say it, and I say it once, just remember it. Because I get angry too, but just remember it. He's a very fair man. And in many ways, and especially in that position, there's something very nice about it, okay?

Donald Trump: So, what can I say? Joe Biden has made a corrupt bargain in exchange for his party's nomination. He has handed control of his whole group over to the socialists, the communists, the Marxists, and the left-wing extremists, you know that. You see him marching up the streets in these Democrat-run cities. You don't see him in the Republican-run cities.

Donald Trump: They're in charge and they are calling the shots. If elected, Biden will delay the therapies. Look, -- I mean, even the vaccines, they're trying to say, oh, it's no good if Trump hasn't it. It's being done by Johnson & Johnson, Pfizer. They -- I don't even know who these people are, right? If it comes out with Trump, -- how bad is that?

Donald Trump: They are willing to demean a vaccine for political purposes. I saw it this morning. [Audience booing] If it's -- no, no, I saw it this morning where a governor who's done a truly poor -- thousands, tens of thousands of people have died in his state, Andrew Cuomo. He's done a terrible job. [Audience booing] 11,000 people died in the nursing home.

Donald Trump: He could have put them in the convention center that I built. He could have -- we opened up 2,800 beds. We moved a big hospital ship. It was empty, he could have put them there. He put them back in -- infected people back in with our elderly population, knowing that our elderly population is susceptible, Andrew Cuomo.

Donald Trump: He killed thousands and thousands of people. [Audience booing] He's probably listened to his brother, Fredo. You know, Fredo? Fredo. Now, it's a shame. And -- it's just a shame. But I saw him, he was knocking the vaccine. "If the vaccine comes out during the Trump administration, we're not going to use it." It has nothing to do with me. It's Johnson & Johnson, it's Pfizer, it's Moderna.

Donald Trump: These are the greatest companies in the world. It has nothing to do with me. We need a vaccine, and when it's ready, it should come out already. It could, in my opinion, except for politics, they just don't want it to come out before the election. But you know what, I'm the one that did it. This thing wouldn't be here for two years, and they're ready to come.

Donald Trump: But it's a shame, it's a shame when you try and demean something so important for politics. It's a shame. But they'd like to postpone the vaccine, prolong the pandemic, close your schools, shut down your country. We're not doing it. By the way, you have a great governor the way he did it. You have a great guy.

Donald Trump: He's here someplace. We're going to -- so, where the hell is the guy? Where is that guy? Oh, don't get up yet. You'll have your chance. Don't get too much sunburn. The governor didn't tell me it's going to be this hot out here. Does anybody have a little sunblock? I'd love to use it right now. I'm always preaching to my kids, sunblock, sunblock.

Donald Trump: And here I am like an idiot, but that's okay. He'll massively raise your taxes, Biden. He's going to raise your taxes. First time I've ever heard of a politician. He wants -- he's running on raising taxes. That's how crazy the world has become. All my life, I see politicians, they want to cut your taxes.

Donald Trump: We're going to cut your taxes. The other guy says we're going to cut it more. Well, this is an easy one for me then, because we'll cut them -- we gave you the greatest, biggest tax cut in history. And he's going to give you the biggest tax cut in reverse, because what he's going -- he's going to endorse, but he's going to give you the biggest tax increase in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: [Audience booing] Now, think of it, think of it. Who the hell can win with that platform? And if you listen to these people, this election is tied, with three points up in your state, but I don't know. I think -- how can you be three points up when we have crowds like this and nobody shows that. Three points.

Donald Trump: Three points. Now, so he wants -- so, we're cutting your taxes, he's increasing your taxes. Just those two things, isn't that sort of the end of the election? Now, we can make the case, something's good, it will destroy your 401(k)s, it will destroy the stock market which is ready to reach new historic -- can you imagine rounding the turn on the pandemic and we have the highest stock market we've ever had.

Donald Trump: Think of this. And some of our numbers are higher than they were, housing and different things. Some of our numbers are higher than they were even before the pandemic. I mean, it's pretty amazing. [Inaudible] You know why? Because we built such a strong foundation. If we didn't have that strong foundation, this would be a disaster.

Donald Trump: He wants to bury you in regulations, outsource your jobs, dismantle your police departments, dissolve our borders. He doesn't want borders. The wall, by the way, is almost finished and you have the strongest southern border you've ever had. He wants to confiscate your guns, get rid of your Second Amendment.

Donald Trump: [Audience booing] He wants to ban American energy, no fracking. How about that? For a year and a half, he says no fracking. Then he goes to Pennsylvania, we have a million jobs, the state is dependent on it. And all of a sudden, he says, oh, but I guess we can frack. And the press doesn't call him, because they are more corrupt than Biden himself.

Donald Trump: They want to wipe out your private health care plans. A lot of people have -- 180 million people have private health care, and they love it. They're so happy, and it's all going to disappear. You will be able to go to your local hospital ward and stand in line for six weeks when you have a cold or when you have something worse.

Donald Trump: This is what's going to happen. He wants to terminate your religious liberty, destroy the suburbs. They're not destroyed. We ended the regulation. I ended it, you know that. Women of the suburbs, please raise your hands. Okay. Look at it, look at that crowd. So, women of the suburbs, look, here's the start.

Donald Trump: Women of the sub, the fake news has been saying, the women of the sub -- they said this last time too, women don't like Trump. And then, they saw -- then they saw 52% voted for Trump, right? I said, why don't they like me? They don't like me, they couldn't give -- and then, after we won, they said, women, women came out for Trump.

Donald Trump: What happened? [Audience chanting "We Love Trump"] Women, I like women, I like women. So, anyway -- no. But listen, here's the story. They said suburban women, I used to call them suburban housewives, I got killed all the time. I said, oh I better go politically correct. And I bet there's not -- is there one woman here that minds being called -- if you're married, at least, a suburban housewife?

Donald Trump: [Audience chanting "No"] The only one -- she wants to be called -- she said call -- no, the only one that mind are those characters. A lot of people up there. The press, right? That's the only one. The rest of them don't. [Audience booing] But you know what, in keeping with our modern era and being politically correct, -- so, the women in the suburbs -- so, you have a regulation now that's a disaster.

Donald Trump: It allows low-income housing to be built right next to your American dream. What -- ultimately it means is crime will come pouring. And you know what, this anti-for-people, and the radical left -- and it is the radical left. It is the radical left. The radical left, the next place they want to hit are the suburbs.

Donald Trump: They say it all over, right? And what I did with the regulation, my people came in. He's great, Ben Carson, Dr. Ben Carson. He's great. But Ben came to me, so we can -- I said I want to get rid of that regulation. It's a horrible regulation, getting worse all the time. And I've watched it for years. You've all watched it, right, where they destroy these incredible communities.

Donald Trump: And Ben said, well, we can really bring it down and make it much more palatable. I said, no, Ben, you know what, that's going to be more controversial terminate it. He said, yes sir, he terminate -- we terminated it. You have no more regulation. Now, if sleepy, crazy, crooked Joe gets in, I don't know, he shouldn't be allowed to run, frankly.

Donald Trump: If that were me, if that were me, they wouldn't allow me to run, if that were me. Can you imagine if Don Junior had the problems of Where's Hunter, right? Don Junior, oh, my poor boy. Boy, what that boy has been through. What that guy's been through. I don't know, Ivanka is different. She sort of floats through life.

Donald Trump: Yeah, she is, which is pretty amazing, I tell you. She's pretty amazing. And Eric, Eric has been great. But what -- they went after my kids, and I restrict him from doing things. I mean, can you imagine the money? My kids could be, dad let's build a hotel in Saudi Arabia? I'm restricted. Obviously, I can't do anything.

Donald Trump: Let's go build a couple of hotels in -- name any place in the world, we'll have them, right? And all the money that Biden's raising, he did $350 million. I would be, Doug, the greatest fund -- I'd make Doug look like a bad fundraiser. I would be the greatest fundraiser in history. All I have to do is call up the head of every Wall Street firm, head of every major company, head of every major energy company.

Donald Trump: Do me a favor, send me 10 million for my campaign. Yes, sir. I -- they say the only thing is why didn't you ask for more, sir. I would be -- I would take in more money, but you know what, I don't want to do that. Because if I do that I'm totally compromised. Because when they call me, you're a loyal person, and what happens is, say, you'll do things that are a lot more money.

Donald Trump: So, when the press says, and we're raising a lot of money. We're raising a lot of small money, a lot of 61, 62. No Republican has ever done that. But when I start calling, I would be the greatest fundraiser in history. Don't forget, I'm not bad at that stuff anyway. And I'm President. So, I call some guy, the head of Exxon.

Donald Trump: I called the head of Exxon -- I don't know but I'll use a quote. "Hi, how are you doing? How's energy coming? When are you doing the exploration? Oh, you did a couple of permits, huh? Okay." But I called the head of Exxon, I see, I'd love to send me $25 million for the campaign. Absolutely, sir. Why didn't you ask?

Donald Trump: Would you like some more? And if I make the call -- now, people make the call, it's different. But if I made the call, I will hit a home run every single call, I would raise $1 billion in one day if I wanted to. I don't want to do that. I don't want to do it. I'd put in a lot of money when I ran originally, I'd put in a lot of money into this campaign, my primary campaign.

Donald Trump: And I'd never thought it was appreciated. They don't even -- they'd never give me credit for it. But I gave up my salary, I gave up. So, the President has paid. No -- but nobody ever talks about it. Every month, there's a sleaze. because there's sleaze vote stuff. Not all, that guy's a good guy. But that -- he -- really -- you do have a couple of good guys, but not many.

Donald Trump: But every month they call, and has the President given up his check? I don't have to. I'm the only President, they say, -- maybe I'm wrong, they'll say, oh, 100 years ago somebody else did. I'm the only President that did not accept a salary, which surprise me. It's $450,000. The only reason I mentioned it is they never talk about it. They never talk about -- but what they do is they call up every month.

Donald Trump: Did he give up his check? And Kayleigh, where's Kayleigh? Is she here? Where's Kayleigh? How grateful. Where's Kayleigh? Kayleigh.

Unidentified: She's around.

Donald Trump: Oh. Kayleigh, come here. Come here, Kayleigh. Wait, so she just recovered from COVID. Can you believe it? Stay away from me, Kayleigh. No, Kayleigh, is it true? They call all the time. Did he give up his check -- his salary check? And she's always, okay. They never write about that. If I ever didn't give it up, there would be headlines, Trump Refused.

Donald Trump: These people are the worst. But is that true, Kayleigh? Say a couple of words.

Kayleigh McEnany: That is absolutely true, Mr. President. And let me tell you this guys, with your help, we can beat social media, we can beat the media because we have the greatest fighter in the history of this country in President Donald J. Trump.

Donald Trump: Thanks there. She's so great. She is so great. [Audience chanting] I didn't know she'd be that good, that was good. Sometimes they get people up and they bomb. They bomb. She's married to a professional major league baseball player. He got lucky. He got lucky. Thanks, Kayleigh. But it's true. It's true.

Donald Trump: But I'd be the greatest fundraiser of all time. For the last 47 years, sleepy Joe Biden who shipped away your jobs, shut down your factories, threw open your borders, and ravaged our cities while sacrificing American blood and treasure in these ridiculous, endless foreign wars of countries that you've never even heard about, right?

Donald Trump: [Audience booing] You've never even heard their name. So sad. They're all coming back, you know that. Joe Biden is a servant of the globalists, and the lobbyists, and the wealthy donors, the people that I could be calling. Oh, would I have fun? I would have fun. I'd like to come -- maybe I should call and put the money in escrow, and just give it back to him.

Donald Trump: And the Washington vultures who got rich bleeding America dry, that's what happened, including Big Pharma. In 2016, You voted to fire this corrupt and decrepit political establishment, then you elected an outsider as President who is finally putting America first. It's about time. [Audience chanting "USA"] 56%, did you see this?

Donald Trump: We're in a pandemic, okay. Because of China, we're in a pandemic. A poll just came out Gallup. 56% of the American people -- and this brand-new poll just came out, Gallup poll say they are better off today than they were four years ago under Obama-Biden administration. And it's a record number. Will you do me a favor?

Donald Trump: One -- just one favorite today? Will you please go out and elect Martha? Stand up, Martha. Great, great pilot. When we came in low with the helicopter, she said away she could have been 200 feet lower. I said, then we would only had 10 feet clearance. She said I don't care. She was a great pilot. The Warthog, she flew.

Donald Trump: The Warthog's an incredible plane, actually. Get her elected, will you please? I don't want to waste -- we don't want to waste a lot of time, Martha. Get her elected, okay? Please? That other guy, he's bad news. I mean, he's good if you don't like -- does anybody not like your Second Amendment here?

Donald Trump: [Audience chanting "No"] Because he will vote to get rid of your second amendment, you know that. I mean, I know the whole thing and the history and it's a sad deal that all of that stuff, but he's a radical leftist and he's going to vote to take away your guns. And somehow, Arizona and no guns don't seem to match up very well.

Donald Trump: He's going to take away -- and I'm much more blunt, I think, than Martha. She's a nicer person than I am. I say it very directly. He's going to vote to take away your guns. Now, I don't know that he'll be successful because hopefully, he's going to have to go through me. But what the hell do we need that, therefore, she will be a great Senator, and she has been a great Senator.

Donald Trump: And she was appointed by Doug, and Doug is one of the best governors in the country. And he didn't close you down, and -- you couldn't breathe like in Michigan. The court -- the Supreme Court overruled her in Michigan. And part of the problem she had, the only one that has freedom was her husband, who was allowed to go swimming, fishing, boating.

Donald Trump: [Audience booing] Everybody else is onshore and they see this guy boating. And who was it? It was the husband of the governor of Michigan. That didn't help their case, by the way. But no, I mean, the people in Michigan, I love them. We're leading in the polls in Michigan. But think of it. You know why?

Donald Trump: Because we have many car plants. They didn't have a car plant opening in 42 years, and then I came along. Now, they got so many of them, they don't know what the hell to do. We'll send some to Arizona, okay? And you already have them opening up in Arizona. Now, -- but they got to open up the states, they got to let the kids go back to school.

Donald Trump: Barron, Barron Trump, Barron Trump had it, all these young guys. Barron Trump had it. He's very -- he's 14, and he's very tall. He is very tall, But Barron had it and the doctor said, our First Lady had it, I had it, Barron had it. Sir, Barron tested positive. I said, oh, wow. How's he going to do? Very good, sir?

Donald Trump: No problem. I said, good, like 14 minutes later. How's Barron? Do -- how is he doing, doc? How's my boy doing? Sir, he's cured. What -- how did that happen? It took about 12 seconds. How's Barron doing, doctor. I want to be -- I want to make sure my Barron's okay. Sir, he's fine. Well, what do you mean he's fine?

Donald Trump: No, he's all 100%. Can you believe it? Because I hate to admit it, all of us people that are slightly older, their immune system is strong, very strong. So, Barron had it, it came, it went, he's immune. That's the way it is. Those kids, those kids. I looked at Barron like he was Superman. I said, Barron, you're my man.

Donald Trump: I said, how are you feeling? He didn't even know what I was talking about actually. Joe Biden is always and has been a corrupt politician. And as far as I'm concerned, the Biden family is a criminal enterprise. [Audience booing] If you read, if you read, if you read this laptop, I tell you what, this is called the laptop from hell.

Donald Trump: The only laptop that was almost as good, maybe worse, was the laptop of Anthony Weiner, do you remember that? Ding, ding, ding, ding, he got hacked too, just like Scully got hacked. Remember he said he got hacked. He was sending messages to very, very young women -- girls, girls. Excuse me, girls. He was sending messages, a lot of them.

Donald Trump: And he got hacked. They always say they got hacked. Scully got hacked, right, Scully. He was a Never Trump or he got hacked. I've never known a person that said he got hacked. They got hacked. Nobody gets hacked. To get hacked, you need somebody with 197 IQ and he needs about 15% of your password, right?

Donald Trump: It doesn't happen. So Scully got hacked. And now on Thursday, I go up another real great one. Another great one. Kristen Welker. She's a radical Democrat. Look at them, they're getting angry. She's a radical Democrat. She deleted her entire account. Everything is deleted, but I've known her. She's been screaming questions at me for a long time, and she's no good.

Donald Trump: But I figured, what the hell. She asks you a question, how did I do the other night against one that was worse? She was worse than Savannah. So I had Savannah Guthrie the other night. She was -- [Audience booing] -- she was like a crazed lunatic. She was literally rising out of her chair where she's screaming questions.

Donald Trump: And how about that great woman behind me, she kept going. I love her. I don't know too much. I met her right after. She's great. But I tell you, she was definitely a Trump person. They made a big mistake. The mistake they made was they forgot to check the audience. The audience was great. And how about the woman that came up and said, I love your smile.

Donald Trump: I love your smile. You're so handsome. You're so handsome. You're so handsome when you smile. I love your smile. Sir, can I ask -- as you're so nice. And then, what happened is NBC, which is the worst, that's Comcast, I call it con C-O-N because they're con. They spend a fortune on public relations and I talk about it. It wipes out their whole year of public relations.

Donald Trump: Con, the Concast, they're dishonest people. Okay, totally dishonest. So, she said -- really, I mean, look, this woman likes me. I know when somebody likes me. I know when they don't like me. It's very quick. It takes me like a fraction of a second. I love your smile, sir. You're so handsome when you smile.

Donald Trump: You're so hand -- could I ask you a question, okay. Okay, ready? Now, they grab at us, saying this is not working out well. So, they grab her and I did -- I was long gone and they interview her after. I do not like him. I do not -- they told her you can't do that. You got to say bad things. I have no doubt because I watched her interviewed afterwards.

Donald Trump: She hated my guts. She was going, like, I don't like you, I'm going to vote for Biden. Why? Because he's a genius? No. Why are you voting for him, I have no idea. So that's what happens. We're dealing with a corrupt crooked media, just remember that. [Audience booing] And I'm glad I came along because there's no other human being on earth other than maybe Doug Ducey that could have handled the crap that I've had to handle.

Donald Trump: I'll tell you what. Every other person, even a tough person would have been in a corner long ago with his thumb in his mouth saying mommy, mommy, take me home, right? They would have said mommy, mommy, please I can't take it. But me, I viewed it as a challenge. And what it really is, is we're exposing some real garbage.

Donald Trump: And these tech companies are very dangerous because they refuse to allow even the New York Post, which deserves tremendous credit. They caught Biden in a scandal, the likes of which we haven't seen. I say the second-worst in the history of our country. The first worst was when they spied on the President of the United States and tried to take him down, and they spied and they got caught.

Donald Trump: Let's see what happens. Let's see what happens. That's to be the worst. This could -- this is the second, but this could be leading into the first. I mean, this is a grave, grave problem. But you're lucky, I'm your President. You're so lucky. You're so lucky. I always tell our great First Lady, darling, you're so lucky, I took you on this wonderful journey as we get hammered by these fake people.

Donald Trump: We get hammered every day and I say, darling, you're so lucky, I took you on this journey. But they do love Michelle Obama. [Audience booing] They love her. They love her. They love Michelle. Did you hear the new one? They came up to me, sir, I've bad news. What? President Obama is going to start campaigning for sleepy Joe. I said, is that good or bad news, because don't forget he campaigned for Hillary harder than Hillary did, right?

Donald Trump: He said he will not get the nomination. I got the nomination. He actually said, he will not run. I ran. He will not get the nomination. Got the nomination. He will not be a President. I became the President. Right? Ducey thought I was going to win. God, he would know he's got it. The funny thing about Obama, look, they worked together for a long time like I work with Mike Pence.

Donald Trump: They worked together for a long time. And he tried to talk him out of it because he knows he's not mentally fit to be President. We can't play games. We can be nice and say, oh, he's wonderful. He's not wonderful. Two days ago, he said, it is very -- my much, really great honor to be running as a Democrat for the United States Senate.

Donald Trump: And he meant it. With me, I'd be joking maybe and they say, oh, the guy meant it. That's about the third time he said that too, that's a little bit scary. See, that's not like something that you pronounce a word wrong or something. That's serious problems. And when he says that, like, it's great to be with you people today in the great state of Ohio, and they say you're in Arizona, Oh, I meant Arizona.

Donald Trump: I love the people there. I always say he's done that eight times now, where he's in -- I've never done it. When I do, perhaps it's time to retire. If you do that, it's disqualifying because it's so bad, like, you could be -- Winston Churchill was a great, great speaker. You could do that. So, we're in Arizona, and if I said I love the people of Ohio and it's great to be with you today, right?

Donald Trump: The worst was when I think he said he was in Palm Beach and you have palm trees. And he said it's great to be with the people of Iowa, right? Right? There's something wrong here, something going on, right? But he said just three times recently, but the last two days ago that he's running for the U.S. Senate.

Donald Trump: And I'm actually happy he's running for this because, I mean, hey, look, he's the worst Presidential pick in the history of Presidential politics, I think. And I say this, they always take that one little section -- have you seen how dishonest they are? They'll take that one little section. I say if I lose to him, it'll be a disgrace.

Donald Trump: So, they don't put the first part in. They don't put the end to it. They just, President Trump thinks he's going to lose the bid, because they take that one little section. So, you have to be very, very careful with the way -- because they're so corrupt and so dishonest. But it is true, he's probably the worst in the history of Presidential politics win, lose or draw.

Donald Trump: Win, lose or draw. This man should not be your President. Number one, he's corrupt. Number two, he's not a smart man, never was. Number three, he's seen better days. So, are you ready to, let's get -- isn't this better than reading this stupid teleprompter? So if I don't sound like a typical Washington politician, it's because I'm not a politician.

Donald Trump: If I don't always play by the rules of the Washington establishment, it's because I was elected to fight for you harder than any President has ever fought before. We're not going to lose our nation to socialist, communist. We're not going to be losing our nation to Kamala who's further left than Bernie, I'd rather have Bernie than Kamala.

Donald Trump: And you'll have a woman President someday, but it's not going to be Kamala. You don't want that as your first woman. [Audience booing] You don't want Kamala, furthest left. And she treated Biden so badly. There was nobody that [Inaudible] but she was tanked. She left. I don't know. That's the kind of thinking you've got.

Donald Trump: That's the kind of thinking you have. You're supposed to be voting for against her. I'm fighting so hard because I love my country so much and because I'm determined to ensure that the forgotten men and women of this country are never forgotten again, that happened. So, we're joined by a great group of warriors, and I really would love just to come up for a second.

Donald Trump: You do have a great governor and a great friend of mine, Doug Ducey. Come on up, Doug. And Senator Martha McSally, come on up.

Douglas Ducey: Donald Trump will win the state of Arizona. Donald Trump will be returned to the White House. And on November 3rd, Martha McSally will join him in the United States Senate, and they will give us conservative judges on the Supreme Court. They will support the cause of life and they will confirm Amy Coney Barret.

Douglas Ducey: Joe Biden is wrong for America. Joe Biden would pack the Supreme Court. [Audience booing] Joe Biden would make Washington D.C. a state. Joe Biden's got to be sent back to the basement on November 3rd. And on November 3rd, we will return Donald J Trump and Mike Pence as President and Vice President of the United States back to the White House.

Martha McSally: Thank you. So, much. Welcome back to Arizona, President Trump. Let's give it up for the President. Arizona, you know we have a choice. People are voting right now. We have a choice. We are on the verge of a great American comeback, and it's going to be greater because we're bringing jobs home from China with President Trump.

Martha McSally: We're going to make sure we support our men and women in blue and our Border Patrol. And we keep America strong and safe. And you know that other choice is a Joe Biden and my opponent, Mark Kelly, who would be -- [Audience booing] -- who would be Chuck Schumer's 50 first votes to ram through their radical agenda, to pack the courts, to open our borders, to pass the Green bad Deal tax increases, taken away.

Martha McSally: I was talking to him and you know that Arizona is not going to let that happen. And in my race, it's not just whether you like a fighter pilot or an astronaut, and I know you guys like a fighter pilot. Mark Kelly brought a communist, China communist banner to space with him and flew the American -- the communist, the Chinese flag on his motorcycle.

Martha McSally: I fly the American flag. Mark Kelly's spokesman called police officers worthless effing pigs, and he still works for him. [Audience booing] I backed blue. I got the blue with President Trump. Mark Kelly's organization, the radical gun grabbing organization, they gave California an A grade for their gun control policies.

Martha McSally: [Audience booing] And they gave Arizona an F. [Audience booing] I got an idea, why don't we give Mark Kelly an F, and tell him to go run in California if he likes them so much. And Mark Kelly said that he would not vote for Amy Coney Barret. I'm flying on Air Force One tonight with President Trump back to D.C., and we're not leaving until we put Judge Barrett on the bench.

Martha McSally: Arizonians, we're ground zero. The country is relying on us. This state will decide to send President Trump back for four more years. This day will decide the Senate majority and stopping the radical left in my race. This state will save the Supreme Court and save the country. President Trump and the country is relying on us. Let's win in November.

Martha McSally: God bless you, let's bring it back home.

Donald Trump: [Audience chanting "Four More Years"] Thank you. Look at that crowd. I wish these people would -- hey, can you put the cameras back there, please? Will you turn one of your cameras back as far as the eye can see its people. Unbelievable, unbelievable. They never do it. They never turn the camera. I used to think they couldn't. Physically, it was like stuck.

Donald Trump: They couldn't do it. But they can because whenever there's a little problem, that thing goes like a pretzel, it's unbelievable. But they never want to show these crowds. They never want to do it because they're fake. [Audience booing] Listen, we have a Congressman who's a friend of mine, who's a warrior, Paul Gosar.

Donald Trump: Where's Paul? Thank you, Paul. A warrior. A warrior. And a friend of ours who's incredible. She is leading from what I'm hearing, Tiffany, I hear she's leading. Congressional candidate, Tiffany Shedd, Tiffany, you're leading in the poll. Wow, that's a long way. She's incredible. What a great career in that you're doing.

Donald Trump: This is so great. Thank you, Tiffany. Tiffany Shedd. Get out and vote for her. And a friend of mine, somebody that was great. She would have been enough if she didn't have three or four people running at the same time. She would have been your Senator. Hate to say it, she would have been your Senator. A friend that's so loyal and strong, but -- and a good person.

Donald Trump: Arizona, GOP Chair, Kellie Ward. She's worked so hard. She is some warrior and fighter and just -- they don't even understand it, okay. I don't even understand you sometimes, Kellie, you don't -- she doesn't give up. How are we doing, Kellie?

Kellie Ward: We are winning.

Donald Trump: We're winning. We're winning. Yeah. Good. Get out there. 15 days, Kellie. Everybody, don't sleep, don't go to bed, don't sleep. Right? And Sergeant Jimmy Chavez of the National Troopers Coalition. Jimmy? Where's Jimmy? Jimmy. Thank you for everything. Jimmy. Thank you for everything. And I was recently honored to receive the Coalition's endorsement, and I want to thank you.

Donald Trump: You're really amazing. Thank you, Jimmy. And a tough guy and a good guy. In addition, I was just named, I have to say this, Man of the Year, by Law Enforcement's big magazine, it's called Blue Magazine. Man of the Year. I love Law Enforcement. So, we're delighted to be joined by a legendary quarterback. I used to watch this guy.

Donald Trump: He'd win with the brain as well as the body. Jim McMahon, two-time All-American at Brigham Young. And later, a two-time Super Bowl champion. Where's Jim? Where is he? I love that guy. Look at him. Look at that guy. Look at that guy. I'll tell you, and I loved your coach too, I love Mike Ditka. And I love Singletary, Singletary likes Trump, you know that, right?

Donald Trump: You think Singletary is tough enough. Was he tough enough? Look at him. He just -- he's all business. He's taking those pictures. That's him. Jim, you are a winner, man. And you are a winner. I mean it, [Inaudible]. And say hello to Ditka and say hello to Singletary, and all those guys. What a great team, right?

Donald Trump: I was a team of champions. You win with the muscle, but you got to win with this too. You got to win with this too. We just -- we just gave out a Presidential medal to a great fighter, Dan. Does everybody know our Dan, right out of Iowa, huh? And how about Jim Jordan? Is he a great one? Jim Jordan, right?

Donald Trump: He was a great wrestler. We had so many -- we have so many people that are behind us. Anyway, great to be with you, Jim. Thank you very much for coming. We appreciate it. Dan Gable, everybody. You know Dan Gable? Did you ever hear of Dan Gable? Hey, Jim, he was 182 wins and 1 loss. He won everything. And he was an unbelievable coach at Iowa, Dan Gable.

Donald Trump: And then, think of it, a career, 182 and 1. In fact, I asked who was the one, I guess he was pretty good, but he ended up beating him in the Olympics. And then he went to the Olympics and he won the Olympic gold medal, Dan Gable. Any wrestling person would know. And in Iowa, Dan Gamble is just like a legend and he is all over the country.

Donald Trump: And in the wrestling world, the greatest ever. And he goes to the Olympics and he never lost a point. And in the final, he had to wrestle the Russian who was supposed to be unbeatable, but he was supposed to be unbeatable too. And he beat the Russian and never allowed a point. He went through the entire schedule and never allowed one point.

Donald Trump: Think about that. And he won the Olympic gold medal. And Dan Gable is now getting the Presidential Medal of Freedom. He's coming to the White House. So, that's pretty cool. Thank you, Jim. Under my administration, we built the greatest economy in the history of the world. And now we're doing it again. Let's make America great again, right.

Donald Trump: So, now I go, make America great again, again. Make it great again, again. And that's what we're doing. We're way ahead of schedule. My first three years, we increased family income by over $6,000 more than five times the gain. Think of this, five times the gain. We were actually more than that, more than five times the gain in all eight years under the last administration, five times the gain in a much shorter period of time.

Donald Trump: African-American unemployment and Hispanic American unemployment, and Asian-American unemployment. Think of that. We all reached the lowest levels in the history of our country, African-American, Asian-American, Hispanic American. We lifted 6.6 million Americans out of poverty including more than 1.5 million Hispanic Americans who are liking Trump a lot.

Donald Trump: I like you too. I don't know if you see what's happening with Hispanic Americans. We are leading them in the polls which -- it's never happened before. I've always liked Hispanics and they like me. This was not a dare. This was not supposed to be happening. But I love the Hispanic Americans and they're doing great.

Donald Trump: And by the way, they're great business people. Our policies are lifting up all Americans of every income. Since the China virus, we've created a record 11.4 million American jobs. Think of that. We did -- they just announced, think of this, it sounds terrible in one way, but you were hearing numbers like 42% unemployment.

Donald Trump: It's not everybody's fault except China. It came in and you're hearing it could be 40% to 38%, whatever. So they just announced that 7.8% unemployment. We're going to be back to where we were very soon unless you put a fool into office who's going to raise your taxes and put back all the regulations where every company is going to leave.

Donald Trump: [Audience booing] Now think of it, doesn't 7.8%, at one way, I don't like to say it because we're down to 3.4%, 3.5%, but 7.8%, if you would have heard that three, four or five months ago, you would have said impossible. And we'll be back to the same number. And next year will be stronger than ever before, you watch.

Donald Trump: After the virus left China, we experienced the smallest contraction of any major Western country and the fastest recovery by far of any country. Think of that. As President, I've been delivering for the incredible Hispanic American community like never before. I'm fighting for school choice, for safe neighborhoods, for Hispanic-owned small businesses.

Donald Trump: I have a couple of them, some of where my friends with a restaurant, though they're doing so well. They made a lot of money. My restaurant, a couple of people didn't like that restaurant, I liked it. And now, they have lines around the block. Joe Biden would obliterate everything Hispanic Americans have worked for wiping out your small businesses with lockdowns and regulations and devastating your families with massive tax hikes.

Donald Trump: He wants to give you the big, big fat tax hikes. He will wage war on Catholic organizations, ban charter schools, bankrupt Catholic schools. We've already taken care of the funding for catholic schools. Fund extreme late-term abortion, and let socialists run wild in our country. [Audience booing] And that's why we're going to win a record share of the Hispanic vote.

Donald Trump: There will never be a share of the Hispanic vote like this unless we decide to run again in four years and then another run [Inaudible]. We invested $2.5 trillion in the U.S. Military. We have the best equipment of any country in the world. We've upgraded our nuclear to a level that it's never even been close to. We have new rockets and missiles and ships and tanks.

Donald Trump: What we have is incredible. The F-35 fighter jet, the best in the worlds now, Tankers, new tankers, new freighters. We have everything, $2.5 trillion, all made in the USA. We are the envy of Russia. We are the envy of China. Nobody has the equipment. Even the hydrosonic missiles that Obama messed up on, we have hydrosonic missiles that go seven times faster than a normal missile.

Donald Trump: We have the best hydrosonic in the world. They stole our plans during the Obama administration. Another thing that happened. These are little things that happen that we don't -- that I won't tell anybody, okay. We also pass for our veterans VA Choice and VA Accountability. Everyone said that would have been impossible.

Donald Trump: And last year, American warriors killed the founder and leader of ISIS al-Baghdadi. We killed al-Baghdadi, and we have a very special person with us today. Just days ago, my administration brought two depraved ISIS terrorists known as The Beatles from the United Kingdom. These were two bad ones. These are people I would have liked to give to Jim and his team to work over.

Donald Trump: Jim would've liked that, I think. Jim would have been very happy. To stand trial for killing of four American hostages; Peter Kassig, Steven Sotloff, James Foley, and Kayla Mueller. As many of you know, Kayla came from right here in Prescott, Arizona. Beautiful, beautiful girl. And we're deeply moved and she's been thought of all the time.

Donald Trump: Her family, as you know, her mother and father came and they spoke beautifully at the Republican National Convention. But we're deeply moved to be joined by her incredible and loving family. Her dad, Carl. Her mom, Marsha, and the entire family. We will hold Kayla's precious memory in our hearts forever.

Donald Trump: Just special. Please stand. Please. Please. You look younger since I last saw you. Yeah, looking -- he looked very good. I want to thank you very much. What an incredible story. And you said if we were here earlier instead of Obama, she would have been with us today. She would have been with us today. And that's true.

Donald Trump: That's true. They could have done that, they didn't do it. They just talk. They talk all the time. They don't do it. I want to thank you very much. Incredible. Her memory will never ever be forgotten, right? And what a story it is. What a vicious story. What a horrible story. But he's dead. We also took out -- they've been looking for him for many years.

Donald Trump: He was the founder of ISIS and he was rebuilding it because we obliterated the ISIS 100% of the ISIS caliphate, and he was looking to build it again. And we got him. And the guys that got him, and this story that not a lot of people know, I think it was Kayla's birthday, right? They used the birth date as the number and they talk that number, that specific number.

Donald Trump: That was their code name for taking out this horrible al-Baghdadi, right? Great honor. They don't do that often. They don't do that often. But they use her, her birth date, and then they took him out. They didn't play games. And a dog on that one became more famous than I did. And that's good. That dog was a hell of a dog and still is. We also took out the mass murder of American troops and a lot of other people.

Donald Trump: A lot of the troops. Soleimani is dead. Soleimani, another one. And I withdrew from the last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear deal. I recognize the true capital of Israel and open the American embassy in Jerusalem. Every President talked about that for decades and decades, and then they got to be President and they never did a damn thing about it. I did it. I got it done.

Donald Trump: I even got it built for a tiny fraction of the costs. You know that story. I also recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights for 52 years. They were talking. I got it done in about two hours. And instead of endless war in the Middle East, we're forging peace in the Middle East. Nations are joining one after another.

Donald Trump: The fact is I did more in 47 months than sleepy Joe Biden did in 47 years, except what he did for himself. A vote for Republican is a vote for safe communities, great jobs and a limitless future for all Americans. And this is such an important state. If we win this state, we win it all. This is such an important story.

Donald Trump: And I happen to love this state. So, in conclusion, over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world. And we will end our reliance on China once and for all. It's already started. We will hire more police, increase penalties for assaults in law enforcement. And we will ban deadly sanctuary cities.

Donald Trump: We will uphold religious liberty, free speech and the right to keep and bear arms. Second Amendment. We will strike down terrorists who threaten our citizens, and we will keep America out of endless foreign wars. They're coming home, they're all coming home. We will maintain America's unrivaled military might.

Donald Trump: And we will ensure peace through strength, and that's what we have. We will end surprised medical billing, require price transparency which is even more important, you will find, than health care. And it's already signed. I did it, goes into effect on January 1st. I said, couldn't you have made it like a little back further?

Donald Trump: They said statutorily, sir. But it's already signed and done. Nobody can believe it. Further reduce the costs of prescription drugs, favored nations. Drug companies don't like me too much. And we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions. America will land the first woman on the moon. And the United States will be the first station to land an astronaut on Mars, and it's happening quickly.

Donald Trump: And we now again, with NASA, have by far the preeminent space center anywhere in the world, not even close. And it was closed, it was dead. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education to our school. We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag.

Donald Trump: We will live by the timeless words of our national motto, In God, We Trust. For years, you had a President who apologized for America. Now you have a President who is standing up for America and standing up for the great people of Arizona. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get your co-workers, get your boss, get out and vote.

Donald Trump: Get out there right away, right away, right? Right now. From Phoenix to Flagstaff, from Tombstone to Prescott, from Mesa to Yuma, to Red Rock in Sedona, and all over the place. This is so beautiful. How good is this place, huh? You've got the most beautiful. Sedona. We stand on the shoulders of red-blooded American patriots who poured out their heart, sweat, and soul for our liberty and our freedom.

Donald Trump: This great state was settled by some of the toughest men and strongest women ever to walk on the earth. Jim, are you from here originally, because you're tough. You're so tough. Close enough. He's flushing. He's so tough. Arizona is where Wyatt Earp and Doc Holliday became American legends. Wyatt Earp, right?

Donald Trump: That's a good one. That's a good one to have. It's where the great American West became the American dream. And Arizona is the state where generations of pioneers and prospectors and miners and ranchers, cowboys and cattle hands, marshals and lawman tamed the frontier, braved the blazing sun like I'm doing right now.

Donald Trump: I'm going to pay for this. I'm going to pay for this. See, I'm giving you the full show. I could have left here a half an hour ago. I'm giving you, I said the hell with the weather. When you see me tomorrow and I look like a lobster, remember you did it. And show the entire world how the West was won. They help make America into the greatest nation in the history of the world and the best is yet to come.

Donald Trump: It's coming. Proud citizens like you help build this country. And together, we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people. With your help, your devotion and your drive, we are going to keep on working. We are going to keep on fighting and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning.

Donald Trump: We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. And together with the incredible people of Arizona, we have made America powerful again. We have made America wealthy again. We have made America strong again. We have made America proud again. We have made America safe again.

Donald Trump: And we will make America great again. Thank you, Arizona. Get out and vote. Thank you.