Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-kag-rally-charlotte-north-carolina-march-2-2020

Donald Trump: Well, I want to thank you very much, North Carolina, thank you very much. I'm thrilled to be back in the great city of Charlotte, where, by the way, we're having our convention. I guess you heard that, right. With thousands of hardworking American patriots who love our country, cherish our values, respect our laws, and always put America first.

Donald Trump: Eight months from now we're going to defeat the radical socialist, we're going to win the great state of North Carolina in a land slide. We won it last time, we're going to win it this time by even more. And you know Eric and Laura named their daughter, you know what her name is? Carolina, Carolina, her name is Carolina for a reason.

Donald Trump: This is an incredible time for our nation. Our country is stronger than ever before and today we just had the largest one-day increase in the stock market in history. That's great. That was great. You know our opponents said, "Oh, maybe he's in trouble. Maybe the economy -- " They'll do anything, they'll do anything, I'm sure they were thrilled.

Donald Trump: Do you think our opponents were thrilled when they saw the stock market today? I don't know. By the way, look at this, look back there, look at all of that press. Look at all of them. [Audience Boos] I don't know if Sleepy Joe or Bernie, I don't think they have that much press. Bernie was going wild. "Why would I be here tonight?" Right?

Donald Trump: Why would I be here? He said, "Why would I be here tonight?" We don't have the primary we've already won this thing, you know. I was going to say that, you know, one thing I -- I held it back because they'll say horrible language. You use horrible language today, but we are -- we're doing fantastically. There's never been a time where the Republican Party was so unified as it is now.

Donald Trump: And you know, you hear about enthusiasm for Crazy Bernie and that's true. He does have some enthusiasm, but much less than we have and a much smaller group of people too. And there's not a lot of enthusiasm for -- there's not a lot of enthusiasm for Biden. I thought he gave up the presidency the other day because he said he's running for the Senate.

Donald Trump: I looked at the first lady, I said, "Hey, he's running for the Senate." And today he just said Super Thursday he's looking forward to Super Thursday. Jobs are booming in our country, incomes are soaring, poverty has plummeted, confidence is surging, and we have completely rebuilt the awesome power of a thing called the United States Military.

Donald Trump: And every day, for me, and for you, it's Promises Made Promises Kept every day. One of the most important promises I made is right to this era. You know, we look at it. It's the never-ending wars in the Middle East. We're taken our soldiers, we're bringing them back home. We're not law enforcement, we're bringing it back home.

Donald Trump: American troops cannot be the policeman for the world or to create democracy in other nations and, frankly, probably don't want it. The job of the American military is to secure and defend our country. Two days ago, the United States signed a deal with the Taliban so that after 19 years of conflict and very close to 20, we can finally begin to bring our amazing troops back home.

Donald Trump: After years of rebuilding foreign nations, we are finally rebuilding our nation and taking care of our own American citizens. And all of the things that we've done, we've wiped out terrorists we've done so much and you know what, we're eight thousand miles away. Yet a lot of big countries surrounding Afghanistan, you've got Afghanistan itself.

Donald Trump: The progress that was made was made possible by the extraordinary valor of our men and women in uniform. You know that. And we pay a special tribute, and I know you pay it, a special tribute to our great wounded warriors and those who made the ultimate sacrifice. And as we bring back our troops, we are committed to ensuring that foreign terrorists are denied admission to America in the first place.

Donald Trump: They're not coming here. And if they do bad things happen to them, we must keep radical Islamic terrorists the hell out of our country. [Audience chants "USA"] By the way, I have to say this, you know you have thousands and thousands of people outside. And somebody was saying that if Pocahontas, any one of them, Sleepy Joe, he doesn't have that so he doesn't have lots of crowds.

Donald Trump: He's very small crowds. But if sleepy Joe or if any of them had a crowd, one-tenth the size they go around talking about how big the crowd they never say that. Hey, take your cameras and spin them around this big arena. Go ahead. Spin them a little. [Audience chants "Four more years"] They don't tell you, they don't tell you.

Donald Trump: You know they say don't turn them, but if there was some kind of trouble in a little corner, anything to make us look bad, that camera would turn like a pretzel. I used to think, you know, modern equipment it can't turn but would we'd have a protester, and I must say, I'll say it out loud, we don't have too many protesters anymore, do we? We don't have too many.

Donald Trump: No fun to be a protestor in a Trump rally, but do we have a great time at a Trump rally? Do we have -- My administration has also taken the most aggressive action in modern history to protect Americans from the coronavirus. You know about this whole thing. Horrible. Including sweeping travel restrictions.

Donald Trump: Today we met with the big great pharmaceutical companies and they're really working hard and they're working smart, and we had some -- We had a great meeting today with a lot of the great companies and they're going to have vaccines. I think relatively soon and they're going to have something that makes you better and that's going to actually take place, we think, even sooner.

Donald Trump: So it's a lot of good things are happening, but we have strong borders and, really, our tough and early actions have really been proven to be a hundred percent right. We went out, we're doing everything in our power to keep the sick and infected people from coming into our country, we're working on that very hard.

Donald Trump: We close our borders very early. I took a lot of heat for that. Remember when I closed the borders to certain areas of the world, I took a lot of heat, but there are fringe globalists who would rather keep our borders open than keep our infection and think of it, keep all of the infection let it come in. And we're working with other countries in all fairness.

Donald Trump: Look it's a problem, we're working with other countries. Remember this, over the last long period of time, the flu, the common flu, you know this, right, from 27,000 to 70,000 people get infected and many people die. Think of it, 27,000, you lose 27,000 people to the common flu. It can be much more. One year was much higher than the 70,000 number those people die.

Donald Trump: So when you lose 27,000 people a year, nobody knew that. I didn't know that. Three or four weeks ago I was sitting, I said, "What do we lose with a regular flu?" They said about 27,000 minimum goes up to 70, sometimes even 80. One year it went up to one thousand people. I said nobody told me that. Nobody knows that.

Donald Trump: So I actually told the pharmaceutical companies you have to do a little bit better job on that vaccine. Really, you have to do a better job with that vaccine. Thank you. Last year, it was approximately 36,000 people died, so we're working hard on it and we're going to come up with some really great solutions.

Donald Trump: In the meantime, we're stopping with -- Only in North Carolina. There can only be -- How many people here are from South Carolina, by the way? Well, we love both places, but that was from North Carolina. [Crowd cheering] But just to finish up, so we've made a lot of progress. We've really done a great job with it we're keeping our borders strong.

Donald Trump: My job is to protect the health of American patients and Americans first and that's what we're doing. Washington Democrats are trying to politicize the coronavirus, denigrating the noble work of our public health professionals, but honestly, not so much anymore. Everyone appreciates. These are the greatest professionals in the world at what they do, we're actually helping a lot of other countries where they have some very, very big problems.

Donald Trump: So we have our professionals in constant touch. I'm in constant touch with some of the leaders and helping them out, but the political attacks from some of the Democrats really must stop. We've got to all work together on this one to safeguard our people. We're going to safeguard our people, the United States.

Donald Trump: The United States is, right now, ranked by far No. 1 in the world for preparedness. Earlier today, when I met with the pharmaceutical companies, things were discussed and learned, honestly, the media didn't know. Nobody knew, they've never heard this before and we learned a lot and maybe that had the impact on the stock market.

Donald Trump: Who knows what happened. But we're going to reduce the severity of what's happening, the duration of the virus. We discussed all of these things. We will bring these therapies to market as rapidly as possible. And I have to say, with a thriving economy, the way it is, and the most advanced health system in America is so resilient.

Donald Trump: We know what we're doing. We have the greatest people on earth. The greatest health system on earth. We have the greatest health system on earth. The renewal of American strength over the last three years means, at times of challenge, we are the best prepared to rise to any occasion. No country is better equipped than America to handle new threats and no people are more skilled, talented, tough or driven than Americans.

Donald Trump: And together, we are in the midst of the great American comeback. That's what it is. Last month, we added two hundred and 25,000 new jobs in January alone. That makes 7 million jobs since the election. We have destroyed the ISIS territorial caliphate and we killed the founder and leader of ISIS Al-Baghdadi.

Donald Trump: He is dead. And we took out the world's top terrorist, Qasem Soleimani, ending his evil reign of terror forever. Soleimani. While the extreme-left has been wasting America's time with vile hoaxes and delusional witch hunts, we have been killing terrorists, creating jobs, raising wages and lifting up American citizens of every race, religion, color, and creed.

Donald Trump: Tomorrow, voters in states across the nation will head to the polls for Super Tuesday, not Super Thursday. Oh, he said Super Thursday. You can't do this thing. Can you imagine if I said Super Thursday it would be over, right? I would be over. No matter how good you are, certain things you can't, as an example, name like Sleepy Joe.

Donald Trump: He's constantly naming the wrong state. "It's great to be in the state of Ohio." No, no, no! I'm sorry! You're in North Carolina, No, no. Joe. You ever see him run up with a sign. No, no. North Carolina, Joe. Once that happens, you might as well leave the stage because it's a disaster, no matter how good -- We're in North Carolina, "It's great to be in Idaho." No you're in Iowa.

Donald Trump: No, he makes a lot of those mistakes, they're a little scary. Did you see guns? You know we're going to protect your Second Amendment, you understand that. But did you see sleepy Joe? Did you see Sleepy Joe, where he said last year, 150 million people were killed by guns in our country, 150 million. That means 50% of our country.

Donald Trump: That's a big story, 150, could you imagine Trump saying that? These people would never let me live at that. We can't make -- We can't give it a little mistake, right? We can't make even our little tiny, tiny mistake. If we make a tiny mistake, it's headline news. They say things like 150 million people, kill, guns.

Donald Trump: They say Super Thursday. They say Georgia he's looking forward to winning Georgia tomorrow. Georgia's not in Super Tuesday. So many mistakes. You can't do that when you're negotiating with China can't do that when you're negotiating with these countries [Inaudible] Those mistakes would be very expensive.

Donald Trump: And then you have Mini Mike. Do you see this guy? Can you believe it? Mini Mike, he's being interviewed tonight on Fox? Can you believe it? Fox. They want to, you know, be politically correct. They want an interview, they end up interviewing more Democrats and Repub -- I don't know what's going on with Fox.

Donald Trump: But they're interviewing this guy the night before. Mini Mike, ay yay yay, what a mess he is. The worst debate performance in the history of Presidential debates. Do we agree? The worst in the history. You've got to have more and I'd get down real low, but I don't want to copy what everybody said. So everyone said, "Oh!", now they all said, "Oh!". Do that again when you get down low, but you know, if I do that again, it's a copy, it's a copy.

Donald Trump: No, no, no. You never liked the copy. Even though you're copying yourself, you don't like to copy, you know you do it once it was a big hit, but you do it once and you sort of say that was nice, don't do it again. Because if it doesn't work the second time it gets embarrassing, right? You know, all right, we all know.

Donald Trump: But now he's OK, he's a disaster waiting to happen, he's a mess. No matter which Democrat candidate you're talking about, and you understand that. Anyone of these candidates, and you see what's happening, right? They're all now -- it's being rigged against -- it's sad, it's being rigged against crazy Bernie.

Donald Trump: Crazy Bernie is going to go crazy, crazy. I think Crazy Bernie is going to be more crazy when they see what they're doing. I called it a long time ago so, Mayor Pete Buttigieg, Buttigieg. Mayor Pete, he quit out last night and then I hear that I hear a senator from his state. We're going to win, we're going to win that state, but she dropped out.

Donald Trump: Sounds like they made a deal, you know. They both supported Sleepy Joe. You know why? They made a deal. You know why? Quid pro quo, that's why. No good, quid pro quo. Quid pro quo. They made a deal. Impeach them, they should be impeached, they should be impeached. Quid pro quo. But they embrace an extreme left-wing agenda.

Donald Trump: Their plans would massively raise your taxes, destroy our liberty, muzzle our faith, and erase our sovereignty, you know that. The Democrat Party has gone crazy, whether it's Bernie Sanders' plan to eliminate private health care. Elizabeth Pocahontas is playing, by the way, she's history, she's history. I came up with that name far too early.

Donald Trump: I should have just waited, but it didn't matter. I thought she was making a comeback. I said, "Wow, I just didn't do it." But you know those embers were burning a little bit a couple of months ago, they never caught on. In fact, you'll probably lose the state of Massachusetts to Bernie, so she doesn't know what to do because you're not supposed to lose the state of Massachusetts if you get in there for a while.

Donald Trump: She's the senator -- She's the senator from Massachusetts. I think she's going to lose it to Bernie and Miss Michigan, you see what's going on over there? Michigan we're leading, we're leading in Wisconsin, we're leading in Florida, we're leading in South Carolina, we're leading in North Carolina, we're leading in New Hampshire, we're leading in the great state of Florida, that was one of the first ones.

Donald Trump: The other -- our last election -- hey, how great was the 2016 election? Was that good, right? One of the greatest nights, one of the most highest-rated television nights in the history of television. And remember there was -- Oh, this is gonna to be a quick one. This is going to be on -- That wasn't so easy for them.

Donald Trump: Oh, I love the scene, the scene of that convention center, where Hillary was getting ready to speak and then she found out she lost. But Elizabeth Warren, she had a plan to eliminate our borders or Mini Mike's plan to eliminate your Second Amendment. Mike Bloomberg wants to eliminate your Second Amendment.

Donald Trump: [Audience Boos] Don't worry about it, he's not going to happen, not going to happen for him. As for sleepy Joe, he doesn't even know where he is, what he's doing or what office he's running for. Actually I don't -- I honestly don't think he knows what office he's running for, and it doesn't matter. You know, maybe he gets in because he's a little more moderate, so maybe he gets in, but he's not going to be running it. Other people are going to. They're going to put him into a home, and other people are going to be running the country and they're going to be super-left radical crazies.

Donald Trump: They're going to be super-left radical crazy. Joe's gonna be in a home, he'll be watching television. Everything will be just fine. The insanity of Washington Democrats is why millions of registered Democrat voters are joining our movement. They are joining our great Republican Party. [Audience chants "Four more years"] Turn those televisions.

Donald Trump: We have the enthusiasm in our party, you know. No, I really mean I constantly hear about the enthusiasm they're fighting each other, they hate each other, they don't know what's going on. We have all the love, we have all the enthusiasm, and we know what we're doing. We know what we're doing. So we're thrilled to be joined tonight by many really great, terrific, brilliant wonderful warriors, even though he comes from a slightly different state, but not too far by. He's somebody that really has distinguished himself he's become a great friend of mine.

Donald Trump: And what he did for Justice Kavanaugh, do you remember that? One are the greatest statements ever made in the United States Senate, Senator Lindsey Graham. Come on up Lindsey. Lindsey Graham, come on up, Lindsey. Come here, Lindsey. I got to have him say something. Come here, Lindsey.

Lindsey Graham: Hello, Charlotte. It's good to be in a place where I don't have an accent. Mr. President, thank you for being the best commander in chief, says Ronald Reagan. Thank you for killing the terrorists over there, so they can't hurt us over here. Thank you for sticking with Judge Kavanaugh. Mr. President, everybody in this room has one thing in common, we all have your back.

Lindsey Graham: Mr. President, you're going to kick their ass in November.

Donald Trump: Oh my, Lindsay, my Lindsey. Thank you, Lindsey. Great guy. [Audience chants "USA"] Great guy, great gentleman. Now some warriors that really defended us with the impeachment hoax, one of the great hoaxes of in the history of our country. Representative Virginia Fox, Patrick McHenry, Richard Hudson, Mark Meadows, David Rouser, Ted, Budd, they're warriors.

Donald Trump: These guys are unbelievable. The way they fight. And you know, the last two, I tell you -- I came here, and they probably weren't scheduled to win and fake news, CNN, were -- they were all set. They wanted a couple of losses [Audience Boos] and they handled pressure so well. They came and we gave a rally that was like this and Dan Bishop and Greg Murphy won by so much, it wasn't even close.

Donald Trump: And they're great people and they've done a fantastic job. Thank you very much, fellas. They handle pressure, they were under a lot of pressure and they handled it well. It's nice to know people can handle pressure, there aren't too many of them. North Carolina Republican Party Chairman Michael Whatley. Thank you, Michael.

Donald Trump: That a few great friends of mine and they love North Carolina. Louis DeJoy, who you know, Louis DeJoy. Two great people Diamond and Silk, right, Diamond and Silk. We love them.

Lynnette Hardaway: OK. God know we're about to win another election. And I thought Mini Mike [Inaudible]

Rochelle Richardson: Ahuh!

Lynnette Hardaway: Mini, mini. President Trump is this high.

Rochelle Richardson: Ahuh!

Lynnette Hardaway: You got to be this high, right? Now, while the media continue to play the race card, we gonna continue to play that Trump card so we can win, win, and win.

Donald Trump: You know the first lady, a long time ago now, right. How long is that? Probably almost five years ago. She said, "You know there -- these two women on the Internet, they're unbelievable, they're unbelievable." I said, "Oh, I know I hear that all the time. I hear it all the time." She said, "No." The next day she came again.

Donald Trump: She said, "You know, I saw them again, they're unbelievable." I said, "Let me see." I saw them. I fell in love and everybody fell in love with Diamond and Silk. So, thank you. Some people that have really been helpful to me: Corey Lewandowski, David Bossie, and Pam Bondi, great people. And thanks also to all of the people who are working to make the 2020 Republican National Convention right here in Charlotte, an outstanding success.

Donald Trump: RNC Chairman Ronna McDaniel, RNC Co-Chairman Tommy Hicks, and Convention President Marsha Lee Kelly. Thank you, everybody. They're doing a great job. I tell you, they're looking -- they're going to spend a lot of money doing a good job. She would do a great job, but just an OK job. It doesn't matter as long as you win, right.

Donald Trump: You know what I did when we won last time. Somebody else took the Convention Center spent a fortune and I just took a hotel ballroom. I said, "What the heck, if I win, nobody cares and if I -- if I don't --" Look, if you win, nobody cares what room you're in. If you lose, nobody cares what room you're in right.

Donald Trump: So we took a ballroom, a nice ballroom, you know, that's it, no big deal. I figured this way, if we win nobody cares and if we lose I'm out of there, I save a hell of a lot of money, but I never thought we were going to lose. That's one of the things they like to spread: Trump felt that he wasn't going to win.

Donald Trump: Oh yeah, I'm running because I thought -- That's not the deal. I mean, it's always possible that you don't win but boy, I thought we were going to win and we were getting crowds like this. Actually, to be honest, I think our crowds now are bigger, stronger, and even more enthusiastic than ever before. It's -- I really think they're more enthusiastic than ever before and in a true sense.

Donald Trump: You know we're eight months away, that's a long time, that's sort of like it's -- it's, not even our -- 'cause, you know, in case you haven't heard, we've got it made in the primaries. We've got to be. But -- but you know we're really in for us, we're not really even into political season, right, and we're getting crowds like this We were all over over the last couple of weeks.

Donald Trump: We like to troll, we like to go the night before one of their primaries. We just we do a little trolling. It's called we do a little trolling. Bernie Sanders was very upset. "Why would he be there?" Why? Why? Because I want to win, I want to keep everybody happy. That's -- that's a good reason, but honestly, where -- you know, this is where you see this when you're two months or three months out, but we're getting numbers that are unbelievable.

Donald Trump: Colorado we went, we went to Iowa, we were every place we've gone, New Hampshire, every place, we've gone. Just came out of South Carolina, you saw that. That was an incredible one. Right. Every place, every place that we've gone or been it's been amazing. I'd also like -- like to recognize and so important, a woman who's really helped us win North Carolina in 2016, and I have a feeling that this year, she'll even do better because she happened to grow up here.

Donald Trump: Lara Trump and my son, Eric Trump, two great people. I mean, I have to say that about my son, but I know a lot of people don't like their sons that much but Laura has been fantastic, and thank you very much, what a job. She knows the state better than anybody in this room, except maybe this guy right here.

Donald Trump: How are we doing Lara? How are we doing? How are we doing in the state? Are we doing well? And we're doing well in Pennsylvania here, right? And South Carolina, I know we're doing great there. Also with us tonight is a man who's really become a good friend of mine. We were going at it a little bit at the beginning, but I will tell you and I would say if I didn't get along, I would not be here.

Donald Trump: I wouldn't do this. I think he's been tremendous. He's been a tremendous supporter and things that we've wanted to do and fights that we've had, which was so important, he's been right up and Lindsey will tell you that he's been right up in front and really he deserves another 6-year term and probably a lot longer than that, but he's gonna come up and I'm going to ask Senator Thom Tillis.

Donald Trump: Come on up to, Thom. Thom has really been incredible. He's been working every day and he really wants to fight the radical left and he does it and he knows how to fight, take care of our amazing veterans, and stop illegal immigration. Thom is a champion for the people of North Carolina and this November we need everybody to go and vote for Thom, he's doing great, he's doing great.

Donald Trump: I hear he's way up in the polls, he's way up in the polls. Thom, say a few words. Come here, man.

Thom Tillis: Thank you, Mr President. Thank you all again for being here. Thank you for supporting our President, make sure that I come back for another six years and we get him back for four more years. Let me tell you about this President. I think it's very important since before this President was ever sworn in, they were trying to impeach him.

Thom Tillis: Did he back down? No, when the media goes after him and tries to spread false news or fake news, does he back down? [Audience shouts "No"] When he makes a promise, does he keep it? [Crowd answers "Yes"] When he told you he'd cut taxes, did he do it? [Audience shouts "Yes"] When he told me you would support veterans, did he do it? [Audience shouts "Yes"] When he told you that we would refund the military and become the world's superpower, did he do it? [Audience shouts "Yes"] When he told you that he was going to confirm superior or Supreme Court justices [Inaudible] Gorsuch, this is a district court judges now 200, did he do it? [Audience shouts "Yes"] And, ladies and gentlemen, you got a stark choice.

Thom Tillis: It starts tomorrow, we're both on the ballot. You need to vote for us to win, go back and do it again, but let me tell you again, we can't forget what they're promising you on the other side of the aisle. Bernie Sanders is so liberal, he doesn't even call himself a Democrat. He calls himself a socialist.

Thom Tillis: [Audience Boos] This President went to the State of the Union and he said America will never be a socialist country. That's another promise he's got to keep. Now, finally, ladies and gentlemen, I want to thank the President for coming back and I can't wait to welcome him in August for the RNC convention.

Thom Tillis: But, Mr. President, there was one thing that you said back in the campaign in 2016, it's the only thing I just don't believe it's happened. Have you gotten tired of winning? [Audience shouts "No"] Do you want to win some more? Then you got to get this man reelected so we can give you the free stuff that a free country deserves, free markets, free trade, freedom of religion, freedom of speech and the freedom for you to protect yourself with your right to bear arms.

Thom Tillis: That's the freedom that this man represents. That's the freedom I represent. Get him elected for four more years.

Donald Trump: Wow! Wow! That's pretty good, that's pretty good, Thom. Lot of times we get people up and they just can't do it. They start breathing bad, they can't breathe. Help me. Like Bloomberg, he goes, "Ahh." Did you see the debate? "Ahh." She came after him, she's mean, she's very mean. She came after him and he started choking, "Oh, god.

Donald Trump: Oh, get me off this stage. Get me off, you guys didn't tell me this was going to happen." No, that was great, Thom. We're also honored to be joined tonight by a true American hero, a veteran of World War Two and the Korean War, who just turned 100 years old, and his name is George Washington Perry. Legit.

Donald Trump: George, thank you very much for being here. Thank you, George, 100 years old. He's 100 and he looks good. Thank you, George. With the help of everyone here tonight, America has now become the hottest economy anywhere on the planet Earth. Since my election, over 219,000 new jobs have been created right here in North Carolina.

Donald Trump: We have lifted 10 million people off of welfare, including seven million people off of food stamps. Median household income has reached the highest level ever recorded. Think of that. The average unemployment rate for my administration is the lowest for any U.S. President in recorded history, that's not fair! The unemployment rate among African-Americans, Hispanic-Americans, and Asian Americans has reached the lowest level in recorded history, very important to me. African-American, youth unemployment has reached an all-time low.

Donald Trump: African-American poverty is at the lowest rate ever recorded. For decades, Democrat politicians betrayed and they truly did they betrayed African-Americans. My administration is delivering for African-Americans like never before. No President has done more for our black community. No President has done more for our black community and it's an honor to do it. Last month here in Charlotte, we launched a nationwide campaign to create a better future for all Americans, it's called Opportunity Now, you know about it. We're also fighting to ensure that working families have access to paid family leave, reducing the cost of child care and giving 40 million American families an average of $2,200, thanks to the Republican child tax credit.

Donald Trump: Though the Republicans are claiming that we did that nobody else did that, but the Democrats are saying, how did they do that one? We're reversing decades of calamitous trade policies that decimated manufacturing in North Carolina? You know all about it. It's probably the number one reason I'm running and the deals we're making the trade deals are unbelievable.

Donald Trump: Your state lost 43% of all manufacturing jobs after NAFTA was signed. Think of that. Weeks ago, we finally ended the NAFTA catastrophe and I signed the brand new U.S.-Mexico-Canada agreement into law. The USMCA is a giant victory for North Carolina's, incredible farmers and factory workers and by the way, speaking of farmers and factory workers and small businesses and all -- for the death tax.

Donald Trump: You know about the death tax, right. It's called the inheritance tax. You have a small farm, soup place, you have a small business, you have a nice business, you no longer have an inheritance tax or death tax. So if you want to leave it to your children, you can leave it to your children. There's no tax to be paid by your children, so they don't have to go back to the evil bank or borrow money from the banker and lose the farm, lose the business.

Donald Trump: That won't happen. And I always say it because you know, I know a lot of parents that don't love their children very much. Is there anybody in this room that does not love your children? Please raise your hand. Please raise your hand. Nobody, nobody! That's because we're in North Carolina, you know, you love your children.

Donald Trump: No, but if you don't, then it doesn't matter because if you don't love your children, don't leave them a damn thing, OK. But you don't have the inheritance tax anymore, which is great. A lot of people don't even know that, but that's a big deal or no issue, have Washington Democrats more thoroughly betrayed the American people than on the issue of immigration.

Donald Trump: Every Democrat running for President supports free federal welfare for illegal aliens on your tax. Not only does illegal immigration drain our treasury, but it threatens innocent lives as just one heartbreaking example, two illegal aliens in Maryland, who had been previously charged with attempted murder were released, unaccountably released.

Donald Trump: And they went on to murder a teenage girl beating her with a baseball bat and slashing her with a machete. The entire Democratic field supports deadly sanctuary cities, which release dangerous criminals to terrorize your communities right here in North Carolina, believe it or not. The sanctuary county of Durham, released an illegal alien criminal who then proceeded to viciously murder a young 19-year-old woman last year, you know all about it, killing her and dumping her body into the woods.

Donald Trump: Last year alone, sanctuary jurisdictions in North Carolina -- How did that happen to North Carolina? Deliberately set free, hundreds and hundreds of days, and these are really dangerous criminal aliens, including those charged or convicted of burglary, gun crime, sexual assault, kidnapping, and even murder.

Donald Trump: Got to change it. Your Democrat Governor Roy Cooper vetoed a bill that would save North Carolina lives and ban sanctuary cities in your state. [Audience Boos] What is he thinking? But while you're a super liberal governor is putting your families at risk, your Republican Senator, Thom Tillis, has introduced a bill allowing American victims to sue sanctuary cities for the horrible pain, anguish, and suffering they inflict on our people.

Donald Trump: Good job. [Audience chants "Build the wall"] We're building the wall, we're building the wall, we're building the wall, we're building the wall. Mexico's paying for the wall, by the way. We built 127 miles as of today, 127 miles and Mexico is paying for the wall. The media is going to be thrilled when I explain that Mexico's paying because you know now, finally, they say I've had obstruction like you wouldn't believe it, the entire democrat party, I could get anything.

Donald Trump: I created the Space Force, I could do anything, I could get -- But Lindsey and Thom Tillis know this, Mark knows, as all of them know this. If I want $0.10 for the wall, they didn't want to get it, they didn't want to do it, but now we got it and you want it. You think that's easy? Nobody else could have done this, we're building it and we're building our hearts away.

Donald Trump: We'll soon be building many many miles a week, but we're up to over 125. I guess, 127 or 28 miles of this super-duper wall, super-duper. I went to Border Patrol, I said, "What is your wish?" "Well, sir, I would like to be steel and concrete." They wanted exactly what they have it and they barriers up top.

Donald Trump: They want everything. It's called a no-climb provisor, no climb provisor. I said, "What is the word provisor mean?" I mean, they didn't know. All it means is you're not able to climb over. It's very tough. I don't know if you saw, in a part of the wall a couple -- a couple of weeks ago, they were climbing the wall and the fire department had to come and take them down.

Donald Trump: They couldn't get that's what -- that's what the no-climb is. That's what the no-climb is. That's a no-climb. It's more money. It's a little more expensive. Thank you. Who is that? Wow! What a voice. Pavarotti, that's Pavarotti. So we're building the wall. It's going great, and so they said, All right, he's building the wall, but Mexico's not paying for it." Yes, they are.

Donald Trump: You'll see, you'll see. You'll understand. Some of you understand because I told a few people last week and it got leaked to the fake news media. If you want to end sanctuary cities in North Carolina and across America, then you have only one choice: you must vote Republican. You have to. [Crowd cheering] You have to. Thanks to our tireless efforts to secure the border.

Donald Trump: We reduced illegal border crossings by a staggering 75% since last spring. We've ended Catch and Release, one of the worst loopholes you've ever seen, Catch and Release. You catch them, you then say, "Where do you live?" They don't know because look, let's face it. They don't know. I understand that it's not even to be left at. They don't know.

Donald Trump: Where do you live?, "I don't know Mexico, maybe. Honduras, Guatemala. Who knows. El Salvador.", "Where do you live?" Like this guy, he's a Mexican. You're about as Mexican as I am. Look at this guy. He's as Mexican as I am. Look at that hat. Are you Mexican? Are you Mexican? No, you're not. Are you? He is. It's like Elizabeth Warren.

Donald Trump: She said she was an Indian. I said, right. I said I have more Indian blood in me than you have and I have none and she said. "Oh, this is terrible.", so she went out and got a test and it turned out not so good for her. right. 1,024, right? 1000. So I was right -- I probably have more in me. What a phony she is. What a phony.

Donald Trump: Washington Democrats have never been more extreme. One hundred and thirty two congressional Democrats have signed up for Bernie Sanders healthcare takeover, while the Washington Democrats are trying to destroy your healthcare and your social security and they are going to destroy your social security. Remember they used to say with me, "I'm going to end it the first day." Well, you know what we're going to soon before years, and all I've done is make it stronger, you know that.

Donald Trump: My administration is protecting your Social Security, your Medicare and is fighting to give you great health care, you're going to have great health care. We are defending your right to keep the doctor and to keep the plan of your choice. Remember, President Obama, you can keep your doctor, you can keep your plan, 28 times.

Donald Trump: They said impeach him. You should impeach him. 28 times he lied, 28 times, he said that 28 times on record. You can keep your doctor, you can keep your plan. Well, it's not true, that wasn't true. Impeach him. We are making health care better and much cheaper while premiums more than doubled in the last five years before I took office.

Donald Trump: We are now offering plans that are up to 60% less expensive and there are better plans. We are protecting people with pre-existing conditions and we always will. And we are trying to terminate in the Supreme Court of the United States, the worst health care in the world, and we are going to give you the best health care you've ever seen at a lower price and again protecting pre-existing conditions, protecting pre-existing condition.

Donald Trump: We're fighting to stop surprise medical building. You know what that is, surprise. You get all sorts of surprises, where people -- they take a blood test in one place it's $26 and in another place, it's $2,000, same blood tests. Maybe the cheap one is better, who knows. Same blood test, it's wrong. Surprise medical building, bomb, out, building.

Donald Trump: I signed an executive order imposing price transparency, that's going to be bigger than health care because when providers are required to show their prices, those same prices fall very, very fast, right. It's a big thing. That's a big thing. We've approved a record number of affordable new generic drugs, which are just as good as name brand drugs but a fraction of the costs.

Donald Trump: We've -- We have given them and there's a lot of political pressure not to do that. You can understand why. To care for our amazing veterans, we passed V.A. Choice and V.A. Accountability and nobody -- nobody said it could be done. So now, instead of waiting in line for days and days and weeks and weeks to see a doctor, you go outside, you get a doctor, we pay the bill, you get all fixed up. What a great thing, it's called V.A. Choice.

Donald Trump: I got it done. They've been trying to pass it for almost 50 years and they haven't been able to. And those people over there were a great help. We have passed this spectacular Right to Try. You know what that is. Hopefully, nobody in the room needs it. Hopefully, nobody in the room needs Right to Try. We are combating the opioid epidemic drug overdose deaths have declined for the first time in nearly 31 years.

Donald Trump: Big problem. And we've launched new initiatives, combating kidney disease and Alzheimer's and we're pursuing new advances in neonatal research to care for America's youngest patients and breaking all records in so doing. Virtually, every Democrat candidate has declared their unlimited support for extreme late-term abortion, ripping babies straight from the mother's womb, right up until the very moment of birth.

Donald Trump: How about that? That is why I've asked Congress to prohibit late-term abortion to babies because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift of God. And then you have the governor of Virginia. The baby is born, the baby is born and he says, and then you go over and start talking to the mother as to whether or not you execute the baby.

Donald Trump: This is the governor of Virginia, the governor of Virginia, he's a beauty member. Remember what he did? He went dancing like Michael Jackson and his wife stopped him. They got lucky, but the governor of Virginia wanted to do that. The baby is born and then he goes over, talks to the mother. The doctor will now talk and you'll make a decision as to whether or not the baby lives.

Donald Trump: Did you ever hear of anything like this? The Democrat Party is the party of high taxes, high crime, unlimited regulations, open borders, late-term abortion, socialism, blatant corruption, and the total obliteration of your Second Amendment. The Republican Party is the party of the American worker, the American family, the American dream, and the late great Abraham Lincoln.

Donald Trump: [Audience chants "USA"] So many people came up to me tonight and they want me to fight and we're doing it for School Choice so that every child who needs it gets it. No parent should ever be forced to send their child to a failing government school. I pass criminal justice reform to give former prisoners a second chance at life.

Donald Trump: Alice Johnson, do we love Alice Johnson? I could not have been done by anyone other than the Republican Party. I recognize Israel's true capital and open the American embassy in Jerusalem. We recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights. Our historic investments in the United States military include $200 million to a place that nobody's heard of in this audience, I'm sure, Fort Bragg.

Donald Trump: $300 million for a Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point. More than $500 million for a Marine Corps Air Station New River, and listen to this one, no Democrats going to do this. They don't even want to spend money on the military. They don't like the military, they're not going to spend money. $1.2 billion for Camp Lejeune, 1.2 billion.

Donald Trump: You think that a guy like Sleepy Joe's gonna put one -- He doesn't know what it means. I know what it means. We have to have a strong military. We're the strongest military we've ever had. And when I came in, our military was in sad shape, it was depleted. But we've rebuilt a $2.5 trillion went into our military.

Donald Trump: For years you watch as your politicians apologize for America, now you have a President who is standing up for America and we are standing up for the people of North Carolina and always will. At stake in our present battle is the actual survival of our nation itself. If you want your children to inherit the blessings of generations of Americans, who fought and died to secure, and then we -- and you know what this secure and they are securing us, they're securing our freedom, then we must devote everything we have toward victory in November, November 3rd, to be exact.

Donald Trump: Only this way can we say the America we love and drain the Washington swamp, which is by the way, much more vicious, much dirtier, much deeper than I ever thought, but we are kicking ass, let me tell you that. We are kicking ass. With your help. We will lift millions more of our citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence, and poverty to prosperity.

Donald Trump: Together, we will elect a Republican Congress to create a fair, safe, sane, and lawful system of immigration, and we will continue with the great Thom Tillis, we will get Thom Tillis. Thom, I don't -- I don't think anybody even wants to run against you, Thom, but we're going to re-elect Thom Tillis, is that right?

Donald Trump: [Audience shouts "Yes"] We're going to re-elect Thom Tillis. And if we don't I'm going to be so angry at you. I'll only come back here a few times a year, OK. No, Thom is gonna be great. Thom, I think you're in great shape. I think you're in great shape. One more hand for Thom Tillis, please. We don't even know who's running against him.

Donald Trump: Nobody wants to run. We will continue to enact new trade deals that result in more products proudly stamped with that beautiful, beautiful, beautiful phrase: Made in the USA, right? Made in the USA. We will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine. Finding new cures for childhood cancer and ending the AIDS epidemic in less than nine years, we've already started.

Donald Trump: Who would've thought that? We will defend privacy, free speech, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms, and your second amendment rights are under siege. Believe me, they're under siege. We don't get in you could forget your Second Amendment, that's what I think. I really believe that. Above all, we will never stop fighting for the sacred values that bind us together as one beautiful America.

Donald Trump: We support, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States. We stand with the incredible heroes of law enforcement, we believe in the dignity of work and the sanctity of life. We believe that faith and family, not government bureaucracy, are the true American way. We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag.

Donald Trump: And we live by the words of our national motto: In God We Trust. From Fayetteville to Wilmington, from Raleigh to Greensburg, from Asheville to Kitty Hawk, to right here in Charlotte, this state is the home to some of the toughest men and strongest women and most incredible patriots ever to walk the face of the earth.

Donald Trump: We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who cross the ocean, blazed the trail, settle the continent tame the wilderness, dug out the Panama Canal, laid down the railroads, revolutionized industry, won two World Wars, defeated fascism and communism and made America the single greatest nation in the history of the world, and we are making it greater every single day.

Donald Trump: Proud citizens like you helped build this country and together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people, that's what's happening. With your help, your devotion, and your drive. We are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning.

Donald Trump: We are one movement, one people, one family and one glorious nation under God. America is thriving like never before and, ladies and gentlemen of North Carolina, the best is yet to come, because together we have made America wealthy again we have made America strong again. We have made America proud again, we have made America safe again, and we have made America Great Again.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you, North Carolina, thank you.