Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-evangelicals-for-trump-miami-january-3-2020

Donald Trump: Thank you very much that was beautiful. That was beautiful, most powerful people in the world, my book. But thank you for all the beautiful prayer. Thank you, everyone. Thank you for this incredible crowd. There are thousands of people outside trying to get in and if you're truly religious you should give up your seat right now.

Donald Trump: Let them in. But I'm thrilled to be here in Miami, Florida to officially launch one of the most important grassroots movements in American history. It's the first Evangelicals for Trump and you know how we did a few years ago -- hard to believe. Already, we're talking about -- almost three years, but you know we did.

Donald Trump: The numbers were phenomenal and the love is greater today, I think, that has ever been. I'd like to begin my remarks today by extending our profound thanks and gratitude to the extraordinary men and women of the United States military, right? They are by far the best and greatest anywhere in the world. There's nobody close.

Donald Trump: In recent weeks, American warriors executed a daring raid that killed the savage leader of ISIS Al-Baghdadi. It was a depraved butcher who will never again hurt another innocent person. Last night, at my direction, the United States military executed a flawless strike that terminated the terrorist ringleader responsible for gravely wounding and murdering thousands and thousands of people and hundreds and hundreds at least of Americans.

Donald Trump: Qasem Suleimani has been killed and his bloody rampage is now forever gone. He was plotting attacks against Americans, but now, we've ensured that his atrocities have been stopped for good. They are stopped for good. I don't know if you know what was happening, but he was planning a very major attack and we got him.

Donald Trump: We are a peace-loving nation and my administration remains firmly committed to establishing peace and harmony among the nations in the world. We do not seek war. We do not seek nation-building. We do not seek regime change, but as President, I will never hesitate to defend the safety of the American people, you.

Donald Trump: So, let this be a warning to terrorists. If you value your own life, you will not threaten the lives of our citizens. Americans have many blessings, but perhaps, the greatest among them is the blessing of being protected by the most exceptional and virtuous military on the face of God's earth. This evening we are delighted to be joined by many incredible faith leaders including just a terrific man that I've gotten to know and his wife.

Donald Trump: I don't know. I think she might even be better than him, James and Shirley Dobson. Where are you, James? Where are you, James? Thank you, James. Got to know each other well. A friend of mine who was on television. Before I knew him and he kept saying, you know, he might not know the Bible as well as I do or frankly, as well as, a lot of people.

Donald Trump: But he is a leader and he loves God and he's a great Christian. And he said, I love him and I want him to do a terrific job. And I think hopefully, I've more than exceeded expectations, Robert Jeffress, right? Thank you, Robert. I hope I have. Cissie Graham Lynch, when you talk about a great family, that's a great family.

Donald Trump: The granddaughter of Billy Graham and the daughter of Franklin and I appreciate everything that Franklin has done over the last two weeks, right? He fought very hard for us and he's a special woman and it's a special family. Thank you very much, Cissie. Michael Tate, everybody knows Michael Tate. Thank you, Michael.

Donald Trump: Great job. Jensen Franklin. Thank you, Jensen. Great. Alveda King, Jack Graham, Jack Graham. Thank you. Thank you, Jack. And Miami's own, a man that everybody knows -- I think they might know him better than they know me -- is that possible? Yeah. Alberto Delgado, Alberto. I'd especially like to thank Apostle Maldonado.

Donald Trump: Apostle Maldonado. What a great guy. What a great guy. What crowds. I think I'm going to come to a Sunday service one of these days. Is that all right? Oh, we'll have a lot of fun. But I want to thank you very much for welcoming us here to El Rey Jesus Church, the largest Hispanic congregation in the United States of America.

Donald Trump: Fantastic. And as you all know from those unemployment numbers, the best in the history of our country. The best. We'll go over that very soon. We're delighted to be with more than 5,000 Christians, including so many extraordinary Hispanic and African-American faith leaders who are lifting our nation to incredible new heights.

Donald Trump: Things are happening like they've never happened before. There is no better place to begin the new year than right here with so many friends and families, pastors and patriots who believe in the power of prayer, the majesty of creation, and the love and grace of Jesus Christ. Thank you. In 2016, Evangelicals Christians helped us and they went out.

Donald Trump: Evangelical Christians went out and they worked so hard and they produced numbers like they've never produced before. And based on what Paula told me and Cissie told me, and everybody told me. We're going to blow those numbers away in 2020. We're going to blow them away. Hey, Charlie. Charlie Kirk. Hi, Charlie.

Donald Trump: He could be a pastor. He could be a very good pastor I think. Every day since I've been fighting for you and we really have. We've achieved results that nobody thought was possible because things were looking very bleak for a long period of time. Things were looking very bleak, even a thing like Merry Christmas.

Donald Trump: Remember? I used to go around in December. I'd say, we're going to say Christmas again. We're going to say Christmas again. And now, they're all saying Merry Christmas again, right? They're all saying it. You go to these big department stores three years ago, four years ago, and they'd have the snow and they'd have the red and the white.

Donald Trump: They'd have everything, but they wouldn't say Christmas. I said, where's Merry Christmas and they said, we can't say it. They're all saying it again. They're saying it proudly. Evangelicals, Christians of every denomination and believers of every faith have never had a greater champion, not even close, in the White House than you have right now.

Donald Trump: I think you know and I'm not saying that in any other way, other than, just look at the record because we've done things that nobody thought was possible. Together, we're not only defending our constitutional rights, we're also defending religion itself which is under siege. But we're winning, but we can't let one of our radical left friends come in here because everything we've done will be gone in short order.

Donald Trump: They can take it away pretty quickly. It's a powerful position. A society without religion cannot prosper. A nation without faith cannot endure because justice, goodness, and peace cannot prevail without the glory of Almighty God. You know that very well. You know that very well. For America to thrive in the 21st century, we must renew faith and family as the center of American life.

Donald Trump: There are those who say these sacred beliefs are outdated, but we know they are just the opposite. Our traditions and our values are timeless and immortal. They don't know what they're missing, right? They don't know what they're missing. Our faith is needed now more than ever while certain fads come and go. It's an eternal truth that faith and family lead to the stability, happiness, and prosperity of nations.

Donald Trump: Yet, as we speak, every Democrat candidate running for President is trying to punish religious believers and silence our churches and our pastors. Well, we can smile because we're winning by so much. We can smile. I wouldn't worry. I'll let you know if there's a problem. I'll let you know. I may come back and say get out there and vote every single one of you, but I'm going to say that anyway.

Donald Trump: Our opponents want to shut out God from the public square so they can impose their extreme anti-religious and socialist agenda on America. I've been watching. I've been watching these out -- by the way, how boring are those debates? Are they boring? You know, I sort of feel it's my obligation. It's my job.

Donald Trump: I got to watch. I can't do it. I can't get through. I did it once. The first one, I said I can't believe this is happening to our country. I read this guy, Bado. Remember Bado? So, he comes from Texas and he was supposed to be a good -- remember, he said I was put on earth to do this. To do what? To run for President?

Donald Trump: He never -- he got out a zero. But do you remember when Bado? And I'm attacking him only because his gun's out. But do you remember when Bado essentially said he's against religion, against guns, right, and against oil and he comes from Texas? Abraham Lincoln cannot win in Texas with those three things: no Bible, no guns, no oil.

Donald Trump: I come from the state of Texas. I don't think so. But he's gone. Can I tell you? But you have worse. You have worse. You have some of these people and in a quiet way, they're worse, and they're a lot worse for religion. That's true. Pocahontas, you're right. You wear that red hat. There are a lot of people with that red hat on. Come to think of it. Look at all those people.

Donald Trump: You're right. This election is about the survival of our nation. With your help, your prayers, and your tireless effort to mobilize Christian communities across our land, on November 3rd, 2020. That's the date, November 3rd. We're going to win another monumental victory for faith and family, God and country, flag and freedom.

Donald Trump: We're going to defeat the radical Washington Democrats and we are going to take back the House. We're going to hold the Senate, and of course, we're going to keep the White House. And if we take back the House, and you see how crazy this is. These people are crazy. There's no crime. There's no nothing. I said read the transcripts.

Donald Trump: They don't want to read them. Totally Partisan, never happened anything like this. They couldn't beat you so they voted against you. Think of it, how bad it is, how sick it is. It wasn't supposed to be that way and we didn't lose one Republican vote. In fact, we gained three Democrats and one of them left the party and became a Republican.

Donald Trump: Never happened before, 196 to nothing. Have you ever heard of that? The Republicans are fighting tough. It's good and the Senate says the same thing is going to happen. I hope. I feel very certain it's going to happen in the Senate. We have great, great support. But we have support because we really are -- we're on the side of right.

Donald Trump: This is a hoax. This is a terrible hoax perpetrated on our country like no hoax ever. I used to call it the witch hunt, but it is. It was a witch hunt from the day I came down the escalator with our great First Lady, from that day. And there are those that say even before that day. I happened to be one of them.

Donald Trump: Before my election, religious believers were under assault like never before. You all know that. So many leaders here. Faith-based schools, charities, hospitals, adoption agencies, business owners, and pastors were systematically targeted by federal bureaucrats and ordered to abandon their religious beliefs or stop serving their communities.

Donald Trump: You know all about that. But the day I took office, I got sworn in. The federal government's war on religion came to a very abrupt end. My administration has taken decisive action, a historic action to protect religious liberty. Just as I promised in the campaign, we have stopped the Johnson Amendment where they're trying to take away your tax-exempt status and liberated our partners by getting rid of this horrible Johnson Amendment.

Donald Trump: I could tell you a brief story, but only if you want me to. Should I? So, I'm in Trump Tower, I'm running, everybody said, yeah, he's doing really well, but he's never done this before. So, he can't do it. You know, he'd never done it before. It's true. The Senator came up to me and said, sir, I've been in nine races.

Donald Trump: I won seven of them, sir. I said I know. I've been a one, nine, one, one you know. So, we have to win two because it has to cede, right? But I'm in the office and I'm with probably 50 faith leaders. Paula was there. Some of the folks here were there. That's right. And I knew they liked me and I like them.

Donald Trump: We were an hour and a half, and we're on the 68th floor. We're looking down and I said, OK, let's talk Turkey. I'd like your endorsement. And they looked around, and there was great love, but they looked around and they said, we can't do that. I was shocked. You know, normally, when somebody likes you, right?

Donald Trump: You know and you know when somebody doesn't like you. I know about that too. But we had a great -- we had a great feeling in there. And I said -- I said what's the problem? They said, well, we can't do that because we have the Johnson Amendment. And if we go political, if we endorse somebody if we even speak strongly, and you're the people I want to hear from, there aren't many, but you're the people I and all of these folks, we want to hear from you.

Donald Trump: If we go and start telling people what we would recommend them to do, they take away our tax-exempt status and our churches. And in many cases, we go out of business. It's so harsh. I said you got to be kidding. I never heard of that, but I thought about it, and I actually looked out the window, and I saw many people down on Fifth Avenue, and they looked like ants.

Donald Trump: There's so many of them, but they're so small when you're high. They looked like ants. It looked like an ant colony. So, that means that any person down there has more power and more to say even to the public than you do in a certain way, and they're not necessarily the people I want to hear from. I have to think about this and we had a second meeting two months later, same place, same people, even more.

Donald Trump: And they said, you know, I understand the problem you have. You can't speak up, but we're going to get rid of the Johnson Amendment and we did. It's no longer effective and we're going to put it through and make it permanent, too. So, after a certain period of time, whether it's 16 years or 20 years or 24, you know, we want to drive that.

Donald Trump: Well, that's a lot of press back there. It's like the Academy Awards used to be, right? Before it failed, before they started speaking badly of us, and everybody turned off the television, wow. No, I do that only because, you know, they had -- you've heard this before. But they have this wacky guy on television and he was doing an interview.

Donald Trump: Big show and he looked at the person he was interviewing, and they said, you know, he's going to win, don't you? You know he's going to win. He was horrified. I mean, he doesn't like low taxes, strong military, great borders, no sanctuary cities, great education. I don't know what they like. I know what they like.

Donald Trump: Open borders, crime, so, what happens? He said you know, he's going to win. No, no, we're going to fight them hard. We're going to fight them hard. This is the other side. No, no, he's going to win. There's nothing you can do about it. He's going to win. And after four years, he's not leaving. You know that, right?

Donald Trump: He's staying, and then, he's staying longer. And I thought he was joking, but he was very serious. So, I'd like to say, but I'm only kidding back there. I say 12 years, 16 years, 20 years. It drives them crazy, but they drive us a little crazy. So, we're even. Very dishonest people, but maybe, they'll be more honest in this great church.

Donald Trump: Do you think Pastor? Do you think they'll be a little bit more honest in this? Maybe, we'll get a good shake from the media, but I doubt it. Think of it. We've done this without the media. So, we had one party totally against us and their partner is the fake news and we won, but we have great people. Rush just signed another four-year contract.

Donald Trump: He just wants four more years, OK? Rush, Sean Hannity, Laura, a lot of great people. Tucker's been great. Fox and Friends, right? Ainsley, Steve, Bryan has come a long way, right? Come a long way. I told them that you've gotten very, very -- you're right up there. Now, we have really -- we have great support, but we have tremendous views and much of it. So much of it is dishonesty on the other side, but we're plowing through it and I really do believe we have God on our side.

Donald Trump: I believe that. I believe that. We're protecting or there would have been no way we could have won, right? People said, how do you win? You don't have the media, you have so many things against you, and we win. So, there has to be something, has to be something, and 2016 I've often said there's never been and there really hasn't been.

Donald Trump: They don't question me. You know, if this -- if you're a little tiny bit off. They have headlines, Trump lied. I said I don't think I lied. I believe I could -- most of this. I could argue with them, but just a little. They never argue with me. This was truly one of the great, maybe, the great election of not our times, of all times.

Donald Trump: Now, it's like a tree. You plant that tree and it needs some time. Some of the things we've done, whether it's economic, whether it's for religious liberty. So many different elements. It needs time. We can't just boom because if it has more time, they'll never going to be able to take it away from us. They'll never be able to. They will never ever be able to take it away.

Donald Trump: So, we need that extra four years. So, I don't know. I can't compare anything to 2016, but I'm going to say, I think 2020 may be just as important. We've got to get out and vote. Got to get out and vote. [Audience chants "Four more years"] Thank you very much. Now, we're doing good. We're protecting the conscience and the rights of doctors and nurses, teachers and groups like Little Sisters of the Poor who have been so badly treated.

Donald Trump: We're on their side. We're preserving faith-based adoption that they want to end. It's not going to happen. We've confirmed 187 unbelievably talented, brilliant, young judges. They'll be there for 40 years, some of them more, and age is a big thing. You know, I have a friend, who's a great lawyer in New York.

Donald Trump: He said, President. He never calls me -- you know, I lost all my friends because -- I lost all my friends. I have no more friends. They used to call me. Hey, Don. Do you want to go out? Come on, let's go to dinner. Let's have fun and I'd say -- I have friends. He said I have friends. No, but I lost all my friends because they used to be loose, right, friendship.

Donald Trump: Now, they call up, hello, Mr. President, how are you? I've been good. People I've known for 25 years. I never say 40 or 50, but I've known it for 40 or 50. I don't like saying that. It's too long. But I've known them for many years and they were always so great. It's like fun. Hey, Don. Let's go out. Let's have dinner.

Donald Trump: Let's do something. Let's have lunch. Now, it's Mr. President, sir. I think you're doing very well. I say call me Donald. OK, Donald. And then, two minutes later, it's me, sir. I can't -- I like it. So that's respect for the office. It's actually a nice thing, but you know, it's not like it used to be. It's much more boring.

Donald Trump: Judges who will uphold the Constitution. So, one of these great friends came to me, and he said, you know, I'm just the first person who said I'd like to be a judge. And I said, good. I love the idea. You're a great lawyer. What a great idea. I'll make him a judge. You know, I get all these -- you know, because of President Obama, we have 142 slots, never happened before.

Donald Trump: The most anyone has ever had is like one, maybe none. You never -- that's like gold. It's like so important. You have 142, I said how many slots do I have? They said, sir, you have 142, never happened before. That's why we're setting all these records. Nobody's ever done this because of President Obama. I don't know what happened, but I had 142. I asked somebody -- my first day because, you know, they always say, always, they say, most important thing you have to do is judges and Supreme Court justices.

Donald Trump: So, my first question, how many slots do we have? I thought he'd say one, none. I heard we had one in Alabama. How many slots do we have? 142. I said you got to be kidding me. So, this guy comes up to me. Great lawyer says to me, I'd like to be a judge. So, I love that idea. I think I can do that. I'm going to do it. I went to my people.

Donald Trump: I said I have a friend in New York. He's a fantastic lawyer and he'd make a great judge. They said, sir, how old is he? I said he's 69. I said you mean he wants to be a judge for two years, and then, maybe somebody else gets that? No, sir. And it took me about like two seconds to realize that doesn't work too well.

Donald Trump: We have judges that are very young. They'll be there for 40 years. Think of it. We have a judge in Texas. I don't know what we do, but we have a judge in Texas. I believe he's 38 years old. He went to Harvard. He was the top student. I believe he went to Oxford, something like that. Just 38 years old, going to be there for 50 years.

Donald Trump: That's what we want, right? right? That's what we want and that's why we're doing. Young, brilliant -- and these are tremendously talented people. But we also put two incredible Supreme Court justices, Neil Gorsuch and Brett Kavanaugh on the Supreme Court. I mean, some Presidents have never had the opportunity to have a Supreme Court pick.

Donald Trump: I've already had two. Oh, it's driving them crazy. May everybody lead a long and happy life. I will not get caught in this situation. This guy is -- he's a fan, but I doubt he's going to get me in big trouble. Nope, I want everybody to be healthy. Washington Democrats tried to destroy Brett Kavanaugh with a vicious campaign of smears and lies, but we refuse to cave into the left-wing mob.

Donald Trump: We refuse to do it. We've got a lot of credit for that. We've gotten a lot of credit for that. The extreme left in America is trying to replace religion with government and replace God with socialism. That's what's happening. And I see Alfred E. Neuman comes out, he's trying to pretend he's very religious.

Donald Trump: Alfred E. Neuman. You know who that is, right? Huh? Boot, edge, edge. You say, boot, and then, you go edge, edge. Because nobody can pronounce his name. So, they call him Mayor Pete, Mayor Pete. I'd like him to win. So, I don't want to knock -- I don't want to knock these people. You knock them maybe you'll end up with somebody good at top that wouldn't be good.

Donald Trump: No, Mayor Pete. I hope he does great. I hope he does great, Buttigieg. And all of a sudden, he's become extremely religious. This happened about two weeks ago. These angry radicals want to impose absolute conformity by censoring speech, tearing down crosses and symbols of faith, and banning religious believers from public life, and that's what they want to do. They've gone crazy.

Donald Trump: But we will not back down. We are standing tall for the values that we hold dear and everybody in this room feels the same way. We believe that every citizen has the right to live by the dictates of their conscience and the teaching of their faith. We believe in the right of freedom of speech, freedom of worship, freedom of religion, and we believe in right to life.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Do you remember during the debates when we had the question and we talked about abortion? And crooked Hillary, as she is affectionately known, and she is crooked. There's no doubt about that. But we were -- we were talking about abortion and I made the statement and I said ripped from the womb in the final month, and the whole place got it. Even people that didn't agree with us, they all got it, and it turned out to be a very important moment.

Donald Trump: And that was something that happened that came out. That was not something I thought about before, it just came out. It was an important moment. We know that families and churches, not Washington and bureaucrats know best how to create strong and loving communities. Above all else, we know this. In America, we don't worship government, we worship God.

Donald Trump: But very sadly, since their loss in 2016 -- and you see this. It's like the craziest thing I've ever seen. If you remember during those debates, she'd say, he will not adhere to the results of the election. She's like lecturing me all the time. I sort of said I would, maybe I could have been stronger on it. I wouldn't have been happy with her, but I would have that's the game.

Donald Trump: That's it, got to. And she turned out to be the one that doesn't accept it. But all the time she was lecturing me. It was sort of incredible and I said I wonder what this is all about. But since their loss in 2016, the extreme left has not given up on their relentless crusade against Christians and Americans of all faith.

Donald Trump: They haven't. At every level of government, the intolerant left is on a campaign against religion. Look at the rules and regulations that we've taken off. Look at Mexico City, Mexico City. Did you ever think you'd see that? Mexico City, I don't think you ever thought you'd see that. Democrats in the House of Representatives have worked to remove the words, So Help Me God from the oath.

Donald Trump: [Audience Boos] Right? So, how about that so help me God? It's not going to happen, OK? It's not going to happen. Not happening, not as long as I'm here. No, with somebody else. I guess I can't speak for them, but I'll tell you what as long as -- they don't even try. Honestly, they hardly try because they know it's a waste of time.

Donald Trump: As long as I'm here. It's a waste of time. New York state recently passed a law that requires faith organizations to hire people who oppose their religious values. Weeks ago, the ACLU -- that's a group of beauties, filed a lawsuit against the Tennessee county area, this beautiful area in Tennessee. I love Tennessee for allowing prayer in schools and in football games, but we will not allow faithful Americans to be bullied by the hard left.

Donald Trump: We're not going to allow it and we get involved with many of these cases and nobody sees this coming, but we get involved. Very soon, I'll be taking action to safeguard students and teachers First Amendment rights to pray in our schools. We're doing a big action, Attorney General Bill Barr. Now, they want to take that right.

Donald Trump: Can you believe it? They want to take that right along with many other rights. On no issue have Democrats become more extreme than on the issue of life, you know that. Every single top Democratic candidate supports unlimited taxpayer-funded abortion, right up until the moment of birth, but you go to Virginia, right?

Donald Trump: You know what I'm talking about. So, you have a Governor in Virginia. He was the one who pretended he was Michael Jackson. Do you remember? But nobody can moonwalk like Michael Jackson. Nobody. Nobody. And he wanted to try to show that he was really telling the truth and his wife saved him, not by much, but she said don't do it, don't do it. Because nobody can do that.

Donald Trump: Nobody but Michael, but do you remember what he said, right? He said you have the baby and you talk to the mother, and then, you make a determination, essentially, on whether or not to execute the baby. This wasn't in the last month. This is after the baby is born. You make a determination and I can tell you speaking for myself.

Donald Trump: I had never heard of that. Some of you probably have, but I have never known that that existed. But it actually exists and he said it very strongly. That Governor, the sitting Governor right now of Virginia. By the way, if he were a Republican, he would have been out of office nine months ago. Would have been out nine months ago.

Donald Trump: What he said, what he did. Today's Democrat Party has spent pro-life voters. I mean, you've sent them into exile and we in the Republican Party proudly welcome these voters with wide open arms and we have many of them coming, stand up. Stand up. Thank you. It's great. That's great. So many people are joining the Republican Party and it is, it's a different party.

Donald Trump: It's becoming a party of the workers, becoming a party of minorities, African-Americans, Hispanic, Asians very different party. Republicans believe that every child born and unborn is made in the holy image of God. And that's why I ask Congress to prohibit late-term abortion. And as I said during my first week in office, I reinstated the Mexico City policy.

Donald Trump: Not everybody knows what that is, but I can tell you, the people sitting in these rows right here. They know what it is and they can't believe it happened because others didn't do that. I guess Ronald Reagan did, but even to a lesser extent. So, we're very honored to have done it. We've issued a final rule to prohibit Title 10 taxpayer funding from subsidizing the abortion industry.

Donald Trump: We stop the federal funding of fetal tissue research, which everybody felt so important, which was a big question mark for years. We're standing up to the pro-abortion lobby like never before. We will never shy away from the battle to protect innocent life. We're also defending the free speech rights of Christians on college campuses.

Donald Trump: Here, with us today, are Bernadette Tasy and Jessica Riojas of California State University. You have a very interesting story to tell. Please, young ladies. Please come up.

Bernadette Tasy: Thank you, Mr. President. A few years ago, I started a Students for Life group at Fresno State University in California. At the end of our first year, we organized a chalking event where we got permission from our University to chalk pro-life messages all across the campus and at -- that's right. But as we finished up that day, a professor came up to me and said that he'd be coming back to erase those messages.

Bernadette Tasy: And he did and he brought students from his classroom to help him. And when I asked him why he was erasing those messages, he said that it was his free speech to censor us and that college campuses are not free speech areas. [Audience Boos] Well, we filed a lawsuit against him and we won, and this allowed us to help us continue to spread a message that might never be heard on a public college campus, the pro-life message.

Bernadette Tasy: And because of our right to religious liberty and to free speech on college campuses, we were able to help one woman courageously choose life over abortion who is now here with me today. Thanks be to God. We can continue to speak freely on our college campus and spread the pro-life message and thanks be to God for this administration who has grown so much support to protect our First Amendment. Thank you.

Jessica Riojas: Hi everyone. So, protecting students' free speech rights can help save lives. I know from experience. It helped save my daughter and saved me from an unimaginable loss and grief. A few years ago, I didn't take a side on abortion issue. While attending Fresno State, I passed by a Students for Life booth on campus.

Jessica Riojas: The students were passing out twelve-week fetal development models. So, I took it and kept it in my car. Then a couple months afterward, I found out I was having an unplanned pregnancy. I felt alone, scared, and unsure about my future as a college student. I talked to a planned parenthood counselor who attempted to persuade me to have an abortion.

Jessica Riojas: However, I remember looking at my fetal development model throughout that time period helping me to humanize the baby I was carrying. I decided to keep my baby. I thank God for my daughter Eden who is now two years old. Thank you. And as the joy of my life, I am now actively pro-life and co-vice president of Students for Life at Fresno State, helping other students choose life and feel supported in their education.

Jessica Riojas: I am pursuing my graduate degree and want all pregnant and parenting students to know that they can be successful too.

Donald Trump: Fantastic. Good. It's a great story. Thank you. Wow, that's a great story. Thank you very much. To safeguard the rights of students like Bernadette and Jessica, I've issued a historic executive order stating that if colleges and universities don't protect free speech, they will lose billions and billions of dollars currently funded by the federal government.

Donald Trump: When I see Charlie Kirk is in the audience, I think that's made a big difference, hasn't it? Charlie Kirk made a big difference. Amazing how those colleges say welcome, Charlie. We'd love to have you. They're much more friendly, right? That's great. Every day our pro-faith, pro-family, and pro-American agenda is restoring hope and opportunity to Americans of every race, religion, color, and creed.

Donald Trump: We have created 7 million new jobs since the election, including more than 600,000 jobs right here in the State of Florida. You have a great Governor, by the way, Ron DeSantis, great Governor. Have I ever said 7 million jobs during the campaign? The projection was 2 million at most, we did 7 million. They would not have allowed us to get away with it, but we would have said it anyway if we believed it. African-American, Hispanic American, and Asian American unemployment have reached their lowest rates in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: We've lifted more than half a million African-American and Hispanic American children out of poverty. There's never been a number even close. And after years of stagnation, wages are rising fast. You see it all the time. They're rising fast, twice as fast for low-income workers. Nobody thought that was ever going to happen or to think it was even possible.

Donald Trump: Think of that. Thanks to our child tax credit, last year, 40 million families received an average benefit of over $2,200. And with the help of many faith leaders here today, we took groundbreaking action to give former prisoners a second chance, criminal justice reform, criminal justice reform, and the Democrats couldn't get it done.

Donald Trump: Obama, I don't think President Obama even tried, but they couldn't get it done. And people came to my office, they came to a very special office called the Oval Office and they said, we'd love to have your support. We had tremendous conservative report. We just had support from the Conservatives that was great, but also from the Liberals.

Donald Trump: Now, we get it passed and I see one of the people up there making his speeches is six months later of how they got criminal justice reform. I got it, nobody else. I got it. I got Senators that really weren't so inclined to go there. He said do me a favor. Anyway, I got it done and I see these guys making speeches thanking people that I never heard of for the great job they did.

Donald Trump: The only one who they didn't think was me, but that's the way it goes. That's the way it goes. Thank you. You're welcome. You're welcome. It's true. They didn't thank me, but that's OK. They said thank you to people that I know very well that had nothing to do with it. But that's OK, and they feel guilty about it, but not guilty enough to do it. But you have to remember these things.

Donald Trump: Seriously, you do. You have to remember very, very terrible because it's so easy to say thank you, and when they do that, you want to do more and more. But we did criminal justice reform. We did, the Republicans did it, and the Republicans now are getting credit for it. I was honored to become the first President to convene a meeting at the United Nations to end religious persecution.

Donald Trump: It was a first time, tremendous problem throughout the world. In recent months, the world has witnessed devastating acts of violence inflicted upon sacred places of worship. You've seen that and what's happening to Christians in parts of the world is unbelievable and unthinkable, and we're not putting up with it. We're not going to put up with it. We're not putting up with it, taking very strong action.

Donald Trump: You know the stories. You know them well and it's terrible, not even believable, not even thinkable. A few days ago, a murderer opened fire during service at a church near Fort Worth, Texas. Our prayers are with the families of the victims and the congregation. We're grateful that the shooting was over in six seconds.

Donald Trump: Do you know why? Because we had somebody that had a gun going in the other direction. You had 242 people worshipers. They were praying and this maniac walked in and started shooting. But yet a man had a gun. He knew how to use it and in a very short period of time, that was the end, but two people died. But yet, 242 people they would have, perhaps all been dead every one of them.

Donald Trump: And then, these people talk about guns and gun safety and gun rights. And honestly, they don't really know what they're talking about. But many lives were saved by these heroes and Texas laws allowing them to exercise their Second Amendment right to bear arms. And your Second Amendment is under siege, but I guess that's why they don't love it. Look, there's so many reasons they don't like me. This is one of many, but as long as I'm here, your -- and I'm going to be here for a long time, your Second Amendment is protected.

Donald Trump: Your Second Amendment is protected. Hours before in the suburbs of New York City, an evil and sadistic man burly stabbed Jewish Americans in a Rabbi's home during the Hanukkah services. Everyone here today stands and on wavering solidarity with our Jewish brothers and sisters. And together, all of us, we're going to eradicate the sinister scorch of antisemitism and we will protect Jewish communities and all members of the Jewish faith from the wicked forces of hatred and violence.

Donald Trump: And you know that, and the love by Evangelicals Christians for Jewish people and for Israel is incredible. It's incredible. We will not rest until the horrible and vile ideology of antisemitism has been defeated and destroyed. For this reason, I recently signed an executive order to restrict federal funding to any college or university that spread supports or promotes anti-semitic prejudice in any form.

Donald Trump: And the support from the Christian community, the Evangelical community has been incredible because my administration has also taken historic action to support and cherish our friend and ally, the State of Israel, and Israel is now going through the roughest election I have ever seen. What's going on with the election?

Donald Trump: But we recognize things that I honestly believe, I think that the Christian community, perhaps was equally thrilled with what we did. I recognize the eternal capital of Israel and open the American embassy in Jerusalem and we recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights. Golan Heights has been -- the Golan Heights has been talked about for 54 years now.

Donald Trump: Nobody did it. I did it. I got that one done too. Pastor Jeffress can tell you. I'm good at getting things done. I may not be perfect but I get things done, right? Right, Robert? We get things done and they're good things. Unfortunately, there is a growing left-wing movement that seeks to target and punish the State of Israel and its Jewish citizens.

Donald Trump: This includes the anti-semitic BDS movement to a boycott divestment and sanction. It's a disaster and we have people in Congress. I don't know where they come from, five years ago, seven years ago, eight years ago, this was unthinkable. What's happening in Congress? But these people hate Israel. They hate Jewish people.

Donald Trump: I won't name them. I won't bring up the name of Omar, Tlaib, AOC. I won't bring that name up. [Audience Boos] Won't bring it up. I will not bring it up, but where do these people come from? 10 years ago if you think back, this was -- there was a great love and today, it's the opposite. But I made clear that my administration strongly and forcefully condemns this dangerous campaign to inflict pain and turmoil on the State of Israel.

Donald Trump: To keep Americans safe at home, we have installed the toughest ever vetting and visa screening procedures to ensure that foreign terrorists cannot gain admission or entry into our country. It's getting very hard for them to do it and we are right now building a very big, very powerful, very strong, very high wall, and it's going up close to 100 miles have already been built.

Donald Trump: [Audience chants "Build that wall"] You know, we did two things. The wall is always -- people and you think it was easy getting that wall? Do you think that was easy? I had a Democrat Party that give me anything. If I want money for anything, I can have it except for the wall. I could have money for anything, they tell me. You can have money for anything just not the wall, and I got the money and we'll be up right now.

Donald Trump: I think we're probably over, but we're giving out contract after contract over 100 miles of wall. We'll be, hopefully, by the end of next year to about 400, maybe even more than that, miles and we need to be at 500, and we'll have it secured very shortly after. It's -- it's an incredible thing that we're doing and it works, and you see the numbers are incredible.

Donald Trump: And by the way, our laws are so bad. The Democrats could change -- they're called loopholes. I mean, what's the worst name than a loophole. They're loopholes, right? We have -- we have lottery. Put your name in a hat lottery. Do you think that their governments put their best people in the lottery? No, they don't put their best people, common sense.

Donald Trump: In catch and release, all of this stuff, loopholes. We can end it so easily, but we don't end it. But we don't need it anymore. What -- we are done. You know, Mexico did us a little favor. Of course, it helped when I said if you don't do it we're going to charge you tariffs. Look, I say that very low. No, Mexico did is a very good favor.

Donald Trump: We, right now, have 27,000 Mexican soldiers on our Southern border and they are guarding our border from people coming into our country at no cost. So, I want to thank the President of Mexico. He is a good man. He has not got it easy job either. I will tell you. But we have 27,000, Paula, 27,000. Think of that.

Donald Trump: It's a 2,000-mile border. We have natural -- we have -- when you have 500 miles of wall, but we have rivers and mountains. We have a lot of natural, let's call it very beautiful walls, very big walls, but we have 27,000 Mexican soldiers. I don't want to thank the President of Mexico. It's been incredible what's happened.

Donald Trump: In the Western Hemisphere, we're confronting the nightmare of communism and socialism. That's what's happening. The Western Hemisphere is a different place, but things are happening and we're supporting the people of Cuba, Nicaragua, and Venezuela in their righteous struggle for freedom. We're going to win that.

Donald Trump: We're going to win -- we're going to win all three of them. We're going to win all three of them. Tell your friends we're going to win all three back. Two years ago, they gave me the Bay of Pigs award, Cuba. They gave me the Bay of Pigs award, meaning people formerly from Cuba in Miami, and that was a big thing, and we had tremendous support from those countries.

Donald Trump: I will tell you. We're going to straighten that out. We resolve again today that America will never be a socialist country, ever. [Audience chants "USA"] America was not built by religion-hating socialist. America was built by church-going, God-worshipping, freedom-loving patriots. On the Fourth of July, I introduced America to an outstanding citizen of faith, Angel Belcher, who is here with us today.

Donald Trump: And by the way, Fourth of July, how good was that ceremony? We're going to do it again and again. They said the tanks are too heavy for the streets. I said, OK. Let's use airplanes. That's OK. They're not too heavy and we had a crowd that was unbelievable at the mall, right? The Lincoln -- the Lincoln Memorial.

Donald Trump: It was an incredible -- they were doing it again. We're going to do it for many years into the future. That was incredible and that place was packed where Martin Luther King made his great speech. And if you look at the crowds, take a picture. Look at the crowds, hadn't changed physically at all. Look at the crowds, look at the crowd, it's about the same crowd.

Donald Trump: It was about the same crowd. It was an incredible crowd of people and everybody loved it and it was pouring -- and I had no speech because the speech was all wet. The teleprompters went down and I was stuck. Just me and hundreds of thousands of people and we did just fine. We did just fine. It was pouring and they realized that day that my hair was real because if it wasn't I would have had big problems.

Donald Trump: If it wasn't, I would've had big, big problems that day. That Fourth of July, it was pouring and windy. It was miserable -- I said God why did you do this to me? I wanted to give everybody such a nice show. We had a great show. Because that rain didn't bother those planes going over us at 1,500 miles an hour that's because they were going slowly at that point.

Donald Trump: But I recognize Angel's incredible work helping thousands of families devastated by Hurricane Michael, but that was only part of Angel stories. For 30 years, Angel has been an Evangelist and she was one of the great Evangelists of any time. People love her work. She -- they just love her. They love her work.

Donald Trump: She works for her church and tirelessly served her community on a place that I love, the Florida Panhandle. That was during the election. It was very close, but they hadn't done the panhandle. We got to the panhandle and I'll tell you what we just blew Florida away. It was over, right? The panhandle. She's fantastic but she delivered homemade meals to the elderly.

Donald Trump: She was all over the place. She finds furniture to give to those with nothing, absolutely nothing, and she preaches. Over the years, she and her husband have provided food, shelter, and care for more than 170 children who needed a loving home. She took them in. And after Angel came to the White House, Franklin, and Cissie Graham's terrific organization and it is Samaritan's Purse, it's incredible, learned that Angel's own house had been badly damaged by Hurricane Michael.

Donald Trump: A team of over 100 volunteers went to Chipley, Florida. Thanks to their efforts, Angel just moved into a totally remodeled, really beautiful house, and what I'd like to do is Angel, would you and Cissie Graham Lynch come up and say a few words? Please come on. And I think by the way, Cissie should be an Evangelist because she has been -- she's a very inspiring speaker.

Donald Trump: Her grandfather was Billy Graham, her father is Franklin Graham, and if you believe in genes, you got to go with those genes. You can't get any better. Please, come on.

Cissie Graham Lynch: Jesus commands us to love thy neighbor and when you go around the world and you go around this country and you visit people in the moments of hopelessness and despair, you see Americans rise to the occasion, to love one another, to serve one another. Even if you don't know them, even if you don't agree with them, they love, and Miss Angel has set that example beautiful to all of us of loving thy neighbor and taking people into our own home.

Cissie Graham Lynch: And she's going to share a little bit about her story, but Mr. President, although, you're in a very beautiful, elegant White House, you are our neighbor, and we will love you through this and we will help you for 2020. So, you can keep fighting for us because you are our neighbor and we love you.

Donald Trump: Thank you. I'm so glad. Thank you.

Angel Belcher: Thank you. Good evening, everyone. I'm with Angel's Angel and tonight I'd like to share a little bit about the present side you guys probably won't even know about. I met him back in July 2019 and while I was getting ready to leave, he's busy and Britney had gotten with him and I got in touch with Samaritan's Purse and when I got back, I had a surprise waiting for me. Two days with -- two or three days later, a team of 50 people showed up and they started moving stuff.

Angel Belcher: But what really got me was people were telling me that, you know, since you met the President, when you leave Washington things are going to be different. He's not going to be there for you. He's not going to be your friend, but I beg to differ. Every time I call Washington D.C, they're right there for me. When I got my house done he sent me a package of beautiful wall painting.

Angel Belcher: He was right there for me and within -- usually about two, three days out of the month, I hear from the White House. How are you doing? Do you need anything? How are things going? And you know what I tell people? I was like don't judge the book by its cover because it's not what you think it is. And then, what I don't like is for someone to tell me what I can do, who I can vote for.

Angel Belcher: I was taught growing up that you get a piece of paper and they'll put down who you're supposed to vote for and for a long time I thought that this is the way life was. That you take this piece of paper and you go into this booth and you vote for the name that was given to you that was written down. But as I got more knowledge, as I got more older, and I got more wiser, I realized then that's not how you vote.

Angel Belcher: I pray for my President every day. The Bible says that we're supposed to pray for our leaders. We're not supposed to -- just because a person may have not, not everybody is going to get along, which I have found that out and I'm the type of person where I'm always trying to say, hey, we need to make the world better.

Angel Belcher: We need to try and stop the fight. We need to stop the bickering. We need to get along, but I have found out that not everybody is going to get along. You can try, you can pray, you can speak, but I can tell you this. God told me to pray for my President and I'm going to continue praying for my President.

Angel Belcher: I'm going to continue standing for my President because my President is there for me. I -- there's been lots of days where I feel down in the prayers because I lost my mother and my father, and it's a lot of times where I wish that they could be there, where I can have encouraging words and someone to talk to. And it's a lot of things that I've found out that no matter -- whether you're up high or you're down low, you have to watch who you talk to. And especially, sometime, I'm finding that when I was in July and the President was on stage my phone went off.

Angel Belcher: And it says, President Trump has just did this and I'm looking over like, the man standing right there. Oh, OK. So, that's when I started saying you know, don't go about what people tell you. Don't go about what you're hearing. Go about what you see, OK? So, we're walking -- so, we're leaving from that and we're going to get on the bus and my phone goes off again.

Angel Belcher: President has just done this and I'm looking, the President is over there getting in his car, and I was like, you know, I'm going to start knowing -- I'm going to pray for the President but I'm going to pray for every one of you reporters, every one of you guys who's trying to rise up against him, every one of you that's out here lying and doing the same things.

Angel Belcher: This is not of God. I'm going to pray for you that God touch you and that he sees your tongue in your mouth. Because it is not of God that we go around lying and making up stuff that's not happening. So, if you're going to do something, make sure that you do it right. Make sure you say that which is right.

Angel Belcher: It is very sad that our world is coming to this. It's very sad and I'm trying to teach my son what's right and one of the main mottos that I -- that I use at my house is that -- I'll share it with you. I brought this for the President today. My mom used to tell me before she left she said, I'm not going to be here always to take care of you and there's a time where your little self is going to have to stand up. I got on heels.

Angel Belcher: So, I'm only 4'10, but I'll tell you what, you want to fight? I'll fight, OK? You have to learn how to stand up, be strong, and fight, and that's what I'm learned to do. No one can hand me a piece of paper anymore and tell me who to vote for. No one can tell me what to do anymore. I'm going to do what I want to do. I'm going to vote for who I want to vote for.

Angel Belcher: I'm going to make a stand. I will never give up. And as for the President, I want him to stand strong. I want him to keep moving regardless of what the outcome look like, regardless of what's going on around him. I want him to be strong. I want him to stand. When it look like things are going to fall down, stand.

Angel Belcher: When it look like you can't take anymore, stand. Look to the hills when it has come. It comes from Jesus Christ. It don't come from man. Because man will let you down. It comes from the Lord, from the Lord. That's where I have strengths come from and that goes for everyone of you, stand. I'm going to get down from here because I'll be going all day long, but I will like to say this.

Angel Belcher: I would like to say a special -- a special thank you to the President, a special thank you to Cissie, and I like to say thank you to Franklin Graham, and most of all, Billy Graham. When I would not -- I would not be here today. I would not be an Evangelist, I don't believe if my mom back then, when I was coming up, you only got a couple of channels on the TV and you had a choice.

Angel Belcher: You either got to sit there and watch Billy Graham or you're going to bed. So, I watched a whole lot of Billy Graham. And so, one of the things that I learned from Billy Graham is love. We have to love one another. We have to. That's the key. I mean, that's what God is putting in every one of us. That's what he want us to do. He want us to love, not hate.

Angel Belcher: He didn't say that had to get along with them, but we got to love them, and we got to pray for them. And like I said I wanted, I definitely really wanted to thank Franklin Graham and Billy Graham, and especially, Billy Graham. I know he's in heaven and he's probably rejoicing right now and saying, hey, another soul saved by me. Because that was a one awesome man, one awesome man.

Angel Belcher: But I thank God for my husband Andre. Like I said, it's very hard when you don't have that security piece to lean on. And you know, a lot of people look at me and say, you are a strong person. You don't need nobody, but there is a time when you do need somebody to help you stand and my husband has been right there.

Angel Belcher: And I know you heard a lot of stuff that, you know, you guys shouldn't be going down there. You shouldn't be with Donald Trump. You're supposed to be with your party. What party? The only party I got is Jesus party, OK? Reverend cross, I would like to give this to you and I want you to know never give up. Keep standing. God bless you.

Donald Trump: Beautiful. Thank you. That was great. Thank you very much, both. Thank you very much. I like this. This is pretty nice. I have to tell you. Never give up. I better remember that never give up. I never give up. We'll never give up. You know, we have a lot of work to do. My administration will never stop fighting for Americans of faith.

Donald Trump: Nearly, two and a half -- thank you very much. I love you. Who said that? Stand up, please. Thank you. But nearly two and a half centuries ago, the movement for independence began in the pulpits of American churches. People don't know that. They don't want to know that anymore in many cases, but that's the way it was.

Donald Trump: The movements to abolish slavery and secure civil rights started in the churches. Today, in churches all across our land, believers are defending our God-given freedoms. We need every single person here today to talk to your families, to talk to your neighbors, and share our message of national renewal. We need each and every one of you to help encourage every single church member to go out right now and register to vote.

Donald Trump: That's a big, big deal. Today, I ask to help us achieve an all-time record for registering church members in 2020. We have the record. Now, we're going to break it again. We got a tremendous vote, tremendous, the biggest ever, and we also had the biggest percentage ever, 84%. We've got to do better than that.

Donald Trump: I want to know who the 16% -- where to they come -- what are they all about? Who are the 16%? Together, we're more powerful than the opponents of faith and freedom could ever imagine. Every single day for the next 10 months, we will keep on working, we will keep on praying, and we will keep on driving to victory, victory, victory.

Donald Trump: On November 3rd, 2020, we will get out and vote to protect our rights and to protect our beliefs, and protect our children, and we will vote to Make America Great Again. Thank you very much. With millions upon millions of Evangelical voters, Christian voters, and voters of every faith, we will preserve our heritage.

Donald Trump: We will defend our liberty. We will reclaim our destiny. We will strengthen our families. We will build up our communities. We will restore the role of faith and true foundation of American life and we will ensure that our country forever and always, remains, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. Thank you. God bless you, and God bless America. Thank you. This was a great honor. Thank you very much.