Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-campaign-rally-circleville-ohio-october-24-2020

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. [Audience chants "U.S.A."] Thank you, very much, and hello, Circleville. Circleville. Thank you very much and hello, Circleville circle. And it's great to be back in Ohio to celebrate the return of Big Ten Football, with a big victory today for the Buckeyes, 52 to 17, not bad.

Donald Trump: Not bad. You remember how this all happened? Sleepy Joe said, "President Trump didn't want to have football." I said, "What the hell is he talking about?" Sleepy Joe. So, I said, "What's the problem with football?" They said, "Big Ten football is shut down." I said, "Well, he said I did it?" Yeah, he blamed me.

Donald Trump: I said, "I had nothing to do with it." So, then I said, "I got an idea. I'm going to get it open, if it's shut down." Right? That's what happened. I think even took an ad, "President Trump shut down football." I didn't think about it, I must tell you. I'm thinking about China, and I'm thinking about a lot of other things.

Donald Trump: So, I, I said, uh, "You know what we'll do? We'll teach y -- Sleepy Joe and that group that don't have what it takes, we'll teach them how to do it." And I worked hard to bring back Big Ten, and I got together with your commissioner; he did a good job. And we got it back, and today you won your football game and we're very happy about it.

Donald Trump: Because I know that life in Ohio is not complete without the glory of Ohio State football, and other football. Right? I'm glad you won the game, I wouldn't have wanted to come -- can you imagine if you lost the game? And, you know, there's a lot of people in here, but did you see outside? You're very lucky to be here.

Donald Trump: Say, "Thank you very much for this wonderful journey, President." No, you have to see. You have to see. There are tens of thousands of people in the streets out here, trying to get in. I think the next time, the next time we'll get a larger field. [Audience chants "We love you"] Thank you, very much. Thank you, very much.

Donald Trump: Yeah, that's, uh -- that's really nice. Thank you. Thank you, very much. I appreciate it. And by the way, we got Pac-12 back. I don't -- you don't care about Pac-12, but we got Pac-12. We said, we might as well do out there too, right? And we did a double header. 10 days from now, we're going to win this great state, and we are going to win four more years in the White House.

Donald Trump: You remember last time, about this state? Remember, they said -- for a year, I had to hear it, "You can not win, unless you win the great state of Ohio." I heard it so many. That was these fake people, look at all of them over the camera. Look at all those guys. Look at all those lights that are on. [Audience Boos] All those lights that are on.

Donald Trump: But do you remember that? They would drum it. For a year, I heard, "You can not win, unless you win Ohio." And then I got a poll, and it said we're doing pretty well in Ohio, by the way, right? And we won. Remember, they said, "It's going to be close, it's going to be hard to win. Going to be very, very hard.

Donald Trump: And Trump, if he doesn't win Ohio, he's out." And then, we not only won Ohio, we won Ohio by more than 8 points. 8 points, and they said, and they said -- you know, the story where it, uh, when it closes, I mean, they do a fast little count if you're winning big. They said, "The polls in Ohio have closed.

Donald Trump: Donald Trump has won the state of Ohio." It was like, immediate. It was like, in the same sentence. "The polls have closed, Trump has won." You know, normally it would take like, hours, and whatever, if it's close. No, we won big, and I hear we're winning big now. And I'm hearing, they gave up on the state already.

Donald Trump: And, you know, they're going to give up on Florida very soon, because we're winning big in Florida. We're winning big in North Carolina. You don't want Sleepy Joe to be your president. You know, he draws flies. He's not drawing anybody. And Obama was there. They called it Obama. They said, "Sir, sir," this is a few days ago, "Sir, I have bad news." "What?" "President Obama is going to campaign for Sleepy Joe." And I said, "Is that good news or bad news?" [Inaudible] And he said, uh, "Well, he's going to campaign." So, I guess it started yesterday, the day before, right?

Donald Trump: They had 42 people show up. 42! We have thousands, tens of thousands, and outside is five times what this is. No. No. There's something going on. It happened last time, four years ago. This time more. And this time more. It happened last time. There was an enthusiasm four years ago the likes of which the fake news has never seen before.

Donald Trump: Right? And, I'll have to tell you, and maybe I'll be wrong, but at least to this point, the enthusiasm is much more. Because you know what we've all done together. We've done a lot. We've done, we've done a lot. It's much more, it's much more. We got all those tax cuts. We got all the regulation cuts. We got the steel guys back.

Donald Trump: We put tariffs on all the crap that they were dumping from China, 25%. They were dumping the steel, then we said, "You can't do that." And lots of other things. We've done a lot. But it's far greater today. Look at this field, I mean as far as the eye can see. It's far greater today than it was four years ago.

Donald Trump: And this is the most important election. This is the most important election of your lifetimes. I see a lot of young people up here, so big deal, like what? Twelve years, no. Big deal, right? It's really the most, it could be the most important election we've ever had. I really believe that, too. And I didn't think I'd be saying it, because our last win was such a big win.

Donald Trump: We've done so much. Nobody's done more than what we've done. They don't even question it, you know, when I say it. Because they like to always, "Oh, he did this. He said that. He said -- " You know. They don't even question. We have done more in the first three and a half years than any administration has done.

Donald Trump: That's right. When you look at everything. And it's an honor. But this is the most important election. I didn't think I would say it because I, I viewed the last, uh, what we did four years ago. Can you believe four years ago? Almost. Can you imagine that? The time flies. I'll never forget the first night in the White House.

Donald Trump: I said it's like a surreal experience, they have Abraham Lincoln's bedroom here. I was talking to the First Lady. I said, "Do you believe this?" Took a little while. It takes a while to get used to it. And then you know what you have to do? You have to get down to work. You get down to work, and that's what we did.

Donald Trump: At the debate this week -- Did anybody see the debate, maybe? Maybe. A couple of people. They had a lot, that was like a Super Bowl deal, I guess, uh, with the ratings. That's okay. And we had one poll 91 to 9 it was, 91 [Inaudible]. With, with us having the 91, okay? Yeah. I kept saying, "Hey, Joe. Joe.

Donald Trump: You want to do all this stuff, why didn't you do it? You were there three and half years ago. Do it. Why didn't you do it, Joe? You didn't do much, Joe." Then I said, "I wouldn't have run, Joe. I wouldn't have run if you did a good job. If you two did a good job, I wouldn't have run. I didn't need this, Joe.

Donald Trump: I had a very good life, Joe. I didn't need this, Joe. I had a good life. I had a very nice life, Joe, but I wouldn't have run. You did a good job, I wouldn't have run. And if I did, I wouldn't have won, because you would have done a good job, there would have been no reason. The fact is, you didn't do a good job, Joe.

Donald Trump: You let us down, Joe." And he had no idea what I was talking about. He had no clue. But at the debate this week, the American people saw the contrast between a 47-year career politician, who used his public office to enrich himself. You know that. I mean, his son was like, his son was like a human vacuum cleaner.

Donald Trump: He just -- Follow his [Inaudible]. Let's go to China this week, Dad. Okay, son. Here a little -- Take out a billion and a half, you get all the fees on a billion and a half. How about going to Ukraine? Now, they'll pay me $183,000 a month for my, for my great, great services on energy. What do you know about energy, son?

Donald Trump: I didn't know -- I don't know anything, Dad, but I'll learn. I'm willing to learn. For the last half century, Joe Biden has been outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in these endless, ridiculous foreign wars. [Audience Boos] Countries you've never even heard of, for the most part.

Donald Trump: I fight for the middle class. I fight for everyone. I fight for this country. And Biden doesn't know who he's fighting for. [Audience chants "USA"] Now, you have to say, you know, this is serious stuff. It is. It is serious stuff. But, is there any place better to be than a Trump rally? I mean seriously, right?

Donald Trump: I mean, it's serious but we have fun. And you know the best way to succeed, you gotta love what you're doing, and we all love it. And we love our country. We love our country. In 2016, Ohio voted to fire this depraved political establishment. And you elected an outsider as your president who is finally putting America first.

Donald Trump: That's what I'm doing. You work hard, you raise your families, you follow our laws, you support your church that you're not even allowed to go to. How about that. You can't go to your church but you can have a riot down 5th Avenue, isn't that nice? You serve your community and you give your love and loyalty to our great country, now you finally have a president that is loyal to you, totally loyal to you, that's -- believe me.

Donald Trump: There are easier ways to spend my life, this was -- nobody told me this swamp was gonna be that deep and that vicious. They even impeached me over a perfect phone call, "Hello, how are you doing. Congratulations. Congratulations on your win Mr. President of Ukraine." We're gonna impeach him. These people are crazy.

Donald Trump: These people -- Oh now they're doing it again. You know the laptop from hell, they found the laptop from hell. This is a laptop that they don't wanna see. How the hell this laptop got freed up, it's amazing the way God works, the laptop from hell. Right? And now it comes, it's Adam shifty Schiff. Yesterday, I saw it for the first time.

Donald Trump: Watermelon, he's shaped like a watermelon. Adam Schiff dishonest guy, totally dishonest guy. Made up my conversation, remember the holes of congress. Said quid pro quo eight times, I didn't say it at all. Isn't it lucky I had a transcriber, isn't it lucky otherwise it would be my word against shifty Schiff.

Donald Trump: But think of it, think of it. So Adam Schiff, he's out there and he's talking about what's taking place and here it is, the laptop from hell. He said, "It's Russia. Russia." Here we go again. Russia, Russia, Russia. I think Russia must look at us and say, "These people are stone cold crazy." This is, this is Russian disinformation.

Donald Trump: I'll tell you what, we gotta get back to business, this is crazy what's going on, this is crazy. Russia. I heard it yesterday, they got him. I think Biden, didn't he say that maybe he said, "Well this was Russia disinformation." This is a disaster for them but let's see what happens. But see, but we have learned a lot, we've learned how corrupt the media is.

Donald Trump: I already knew they were corrupt. But, but they don't wanna write anything about it. So listen, so we caught him cold. Just like we caught them spying on my campaign. We caught them doing horrible treasonous things. Let's see what happens, should've gone much faster, I have to be honest with you. But we caught them spying on our campaign the whole group.

Donald Trump: And by the way Obama and Biden, they knew everything about it. They knew everything about it. We caught them with that too. [Audience chants "Lock him up"] It's much better if I say, "No, no, no. Please." Now it's terrible, it's a terrible thing. Now they're trying to do it again when they get caught. And they're trying to say it's Russia.

Donald Trump: They never say China, you know why, a lotta money comes out of China into their pockets. Do you ever notice? China is not been very good, we did a great trade deal. Unbelievable. Uh, two weeks ago the largest order of corn, the largest order of soybeans, the largest -- Yeah, yeah. Except, except I feel different.

Donald Trump: Normally I would've been here talking about the great trade. But you know what, the ink on the trade deal wasn't dry. And then all of a sudden, the plague came in from China. That's more important than trade deals, that's more important so it's no good. With your vote, we will continue to bring back your jobs, lower drug prices at a level that nobody has ever lowered before.

Donald Trump: Last year for the first time ever, drug prices went down. But we're doing what's called the Favored Nations Clause, the drug companies are not happy with me. This is not suppose to of happened. Favored Nations means you'll pay the lowest price anywhere in the world, you match it's Favored Nations. And nobody's exercised it 'cause nobody thought about it probably.

Donald Trump: But if they did think of it, they couldn't of done it because the drug companies are so powerful. They are taking -- You see all the ads against me, it's not so much Sleepy Joe, it's the drug companies. Because I've exercised the Favored Nations, so if Germany or another country pays 10 cents for a pill, the exact pill.

Donald Trump: And we paid two-and-a-half dollars, and you're talking about stuff like that. These are the kinda differences. We pay for all research and development, everything. So if Germany's at 10, or somebody, and we're at much higher, we now pay 10. It's very simple. It's called 'favored nations.' We pay the lowest in the world.

Donald Trump: Your prices could come down 50, 60, 70, 80%. They'll come down a lot. And, uh, I have never had more ads spent because they have unlimited money. So Big Pharma, they call it, right? It's the number one power in Washington, and I've just learned they're number one power. And I knew this was going to happen.

Donald Trump: I said, "I don't care. I'm put here to do a job. I'm put here to do a job." They have the middlemen. You know, they have -- the drug pricing is very complicated. It's very complicated stuff. They have it set so that it's almost impossible to disengage it. And they have middlemen. You know the middlemen? Nobody ever heard -- They never say, "Middle women." I've never heard middle women.

Donald Trump: I wanna be nice. I wanna say, "Middle women," but I've never heard the term having to do with drug prices. But they have -- The middleman gets millions, gets more than the drug companies. At least the drug companies make the drugs, right? These people don't do anything. They're very rich. I probably know some of them.

Donald Trump: I would be not surprised if Hunter Biden was also a middleman. He probably got a -- On top of everything else, takes in millions and millions. And now we find out that Hunter Biden is a middleman, but these are rich people and they get all this money for nothing. So I worked a deal where Canada, which buys their drugs for exactly 50%. I'm gonna let our governors, your governor, governor of Florida, other governors, buy, buy their drugs directly from Canada.

Donald Trump: Nobody's ever done -- Same drug. Exactly the same. Same lab, same company, same everything. And they're gonna buy it for 50% less. And then by that time, the favored nations will kick in and you'll get it for even less. So this has never happened before -- but it's happening now. We will support our great police, protect your Second Amendment -- defend your borders, and ensure more products are proudly stamped with that beautiful -- Isn't it a beautiful phrase?

Donald Trump: You didn't hear it for a long time until Trump came along, made in the U.S.A. Made in the U.S.A. You didn't hear it for a long time, right? Been a long time. You know, when I was young, they used to say, "Made in America. Made in U-" Every car, "Made in Am -- " Now you don't see it anymore. We're gonna see it.

Donald Trump: Remember -- I was saying today, I was in North Carolina speaking to a great crowd, and I said, "Remember, I, when I first started, I said, "We're gonna say, 'Merry Christmas' again." Remember? And you remember all the department stores. [Laughs] Many of them are wiped out because of the internet, but these are minor details.

Donald Trump: Right? But all the department stores, they'd say, 'Happy New Year,' and everything but Christmas, they don't wanna say, 'Christmas.' I said, "We're gonna say, 'Christmas,' again." And you know what? They're all saying, 'Christmas' again. They're saying, 'Merry Christmas.' They're all saying, 'Merry Christmas,' again.

Donald Trump: Gonna be there pretty soon. And we have a big day, better get out. November 3rd. Big, big, big. Who's voted already? Who's voted? I just voted. I just voted. Get out and vote. No, I tell you, this is the biggest election that, uh, I really believe, maybe we've ever had. Because the radical left has gone crazy.

Donald Trump: And you know what? When we win this one, I think they're going to rest. I really do. I think they're gonna say, "Okay, that's enough. That's enough." [Laughs] She goes, "No, they won't." Yo -- yo -- you're probably right. But you know what brings it together? Success. And we're doing a super V. We're going up.

Donald Trump: You see housing starts and the numbers, the automobile starts. Nobody's ever seen anything like it. The numbers for some things are better than they were pre this plague that came in, the pandemic. I mean, it's amazing. Actually th -- amazing. We have a super V. You're gonna see a number that's going to be announced just prior to the election, GDP. it was just estimated by the fed to be 35%. I think the highest we've ever had was like, seven.

Donald Trump: Now, who knows if they're right? Maybe they're -- I'll take 25 right now. Okay? Problem is, I mention 35. So if it's 25, you know what they'll do? "It was a terrible, terrible upset for the president." Whatever the -- If it was 15, I'd be happy. They just estimated, they think it might be 35%. It's unheard of.

Donald Trump: We're coming back, because we built -- You know why though? Because we built a strong foundation. We had a strong foundation. If we didn't, this country would be some mess. And if a guy like Biden gets in, where he wants to raise your taxes, quadruple -- [Audience Boos] And he wants to put all those ridiculous regulations that I -- It used to take 20 years to get approval for a highway.

Donald Trump: Now we got it down to two years and I'm trying to get it down to one. I think we can [Inaudible], and it might not get built for safety reasons or environmental reasons, but we have it down to a very, very short period of time. It used to take, I mean, we have roads, 21, 22 years, and then it would get disapproved.

Donald Trump: They would then raise their hands not to approve it after 20 years. No. No, those days are over, but he would put everything back, and he's going to raise, he's going to raise your taxes like crazy. I've never seen anyone, you know, all my life I've been involved indirectly, usually on the other side only, exclusively, I've never seen raising taxes.

Donald Trump: I've seen politicians "We will lower your taxes." This is the first politician that's ever running saying he's going to quadruple your taxes. What the hell? This is a cra -- this is, I'm this is the craziest thing I've ever seen. I mean, it's, I'm looking up and I'm saying "Is this really, like is this serious?" First of all I look at him and I say "Am I running against this man?

Donald Trump: I'm running against, I'm running against Sleepy Joe." In primetime, he wasn't good. Now I'm running against him. This is not primetime. Did you think he did well in the debate the other night? The last question was the best though, right, because he lied about fracking. He kept lying. He kept going, during the primaries, "There will be no fracking.

Donald Trump: There will be no fracking." By the way, you're a big fracking state, you better hope that [Inaudible]. You've only got about a million, you've only got about a million jobs, and more importantly than the jobs is you've got the lowest energy prices we've had. How about your two dollar gasoline and less? Two dollars.

Donald Trump: What? You wouldn't mind if it went to nine, 10 dollars, 12 dollars, you couldn't get it? Well, they wouldn't mind, because they'd like you to get rid of all your cars. No more airplanes, no more cars, no more cows. You know, cows? [Audience Boos] I think they took that off the manifesto, right, it was too much, but they would like it.

Donald Trump: They would like it. No, what we're doing has been incredible. You can't have your tax increase, so I'm cutting taxes. We're doing another big tax cut. That's what brought everything in. Billions and billions of dollars has come into our country because of what we have done. What, you're going to just chase it all out? [Inaudible]. I mean, there are, you know, these are people without a lot of heart, they go where they make the deal.

Donald Trump: We brought it down and we brought the middle income taxes down. Child tax credit, 1000 dollars a child, he said he wants to get rid of it, okay? He wants to get rid of it. Why does he want to get rid of it? He -- He -- [Laughs] That could only take place in the great state of Ohio. You know, I worked here for a couple of summers in Cincinnati.

Donald Trump: I liked it. I like Cincinnati, I like Ohio. [Inaudible]. It worked out well, it was a good success, and, you know, it's like, uh, when something works out well, you like it? That was, I was very young, a job in Cincinnati, Swifton Village. Did anybody hear of Swifton? Swifton. Anyway, and we bought it, and we sold it, and it worked out nice, and, you know, you always have like a good feeling, but I have an even better feeling because of what happened four years ago with Ohio.

Donald Trump: An even better feeling, and it's going to happen again, but it's the first time I've ever seen a politician say "We will raise your taxes." I'm saying "Wait a minute. Let's [Inaudible]. Did he say that?" No, seriously, have you ever heard a politician campaigning on "I'm going to raise your taxes, and I'm going to put a lot more regulations," but a lot of people don't know.

Donald Trump: You know, I think the regulation cuts we did was actually more important, maybe not for everybody, but for the business people and y -- then they're hiring jobs all over the place. You know, we had 160 million people working. We've never been anywhere close to that number. We're going to be back very soon. 11.4 million people hired over the last [Inaudible], which was a record.

Donald Trump: But I think the regulation cuts might have been even more important. This election is a choice between a Trump super recovery and a Biden, in my opinion this is going to happen, I hate to say it, depression. You're going to have a depression. And your 401(k)s, does anybody have a 401(k)? Throw them away [Laughs], they're not going to be worth much.

Donald Trump: It's a choice between a boom and a lockdown. Did you hear him during the debate? Right? He said "I'd lock it down. Oh yes, I'd lock it." No, no, we're not locking it down. No, no, we're not locking. We've learned the disease, we did the right thing, we saved millions of lives. We saved two million lives, maybe more than that.

Donald Trump: We locked it, then we opened it, but we understand it. Like young people, Barron, he had it. The doctor said "You know, Barron," a very, very tall young man, and a great guy, right, but he's young, and the doctor said "Sir, Barron has tested positive." I said "That's terrible." Barron didn't even know he was sick.

Donald Trump: He said, the next day the doctor comes in, "Sir, Baron's fine," because they're young, like these guys over here, they're young, because they have strong immune systems, right? They're strong. They have these strong, beautiful immune systems, so it was good. Uh, I happened to test, right? You know why? I couldn't stand in a basement.

Donald Trump: I'd meet a lot of people. I'm president. I have to get out. I have to get out. No, it's true. I'd have meetings where I'd go back. I'd say, "You know, that's gotta be dangerous. That's gotta be this or that." But the fact is, I had it. It worked out well. Now I'm immune. I could run up and kiss this whole group of people, men and women.

Donald Trump: Right? No, and it, it worked out. By the way, 99.9% is good, and then you're immune and all that stuff. You know, I heard you were immune for life. So when I had it, I said, "I'm immune!" To them, to the fake news. And they said, "But only for four months." I heard it was for life. With me, it was for four months.

Donald Trump: If it was anybody else, they'd say for life. It's true. But anyway, no I had it. First Lady had it, right? And you get better. We got better. They love the first lady, it's true. Very elegant. Most elegant, most elegant First Lady. No, it's amazing. It's amazing. They, uh, they don't treat her very nicely and she's incredible.

Donald Trump: The most elegant woman. And she goes, "But that is okay." She loves the people. I mean, it's, it's really amazing. [Audience calls out "We love her"] [Laughs] We love her. Yeah. Ah, she's done a great job and she loves it. And she loves the people. But she hadn't recovered, I hadn't recovered. Baron had it, didn't even know he had it.

Donald Trump: So it's, uh, it's one of those things. But we have to lead your life. So when I would be having meetings with Gold Star families, military, lots of other people, I'd have meetings, right? And I'd go and I'd do the meeting, and sometimes people would come up and they'd cut close and everything else. Mask, no mask, they'd get close.

Donald Trump: And I'd leave some of these meetings say, "That could be dangerous, I guess. I don't know." But I have to do my job, as, as I said at the debate. I can't put myself in the basement of the White House for a year and a half. I can't do it 'til this thing goes away, and it is going away. It's rounding the turn.

Donald Trump: Do you notice they talk about cases, always cases, cases, cases. They don't talk about, uh, mortality rate down 85% because what we have is so incredible, the job we've done is so incredible, 85%. Think of that, 85%. But they, they do it. And you know what? On November 4th, you're not gonna hear the news.

Donald Trump: The CNN, all they talk about, COVID. COVID, COVID, COVID. If, if a plane goes down with 500 people, they don't talk about it. All the talk because they're trying to scare everybody. You have to lead your life, and you have to get out. You have to be vigilant. Be careful. Socially distance. You get too close, put the mask on.

Donald Trump: Put it on. You know, lots of different things. But, but, really, I see what they're doing is so, it's just like they try to hide all of this corruption from the Biden family by not putting it. They refuse to write it. And I have to give the New York Post, my hometown paper, the New York Post. The oldest newspaper in the country, the fourth largest, I have to give them credit because they went against the grain, and they're willing to expose all of this corruption.

Donald Trump: And then you see Big Tech, they won't put it on. And if you put it on, they delete you. They terminate you. Charlie Kirk, break up Big Tech. Well, they did sue Google. Nothing to do with this, of course, but they did sue Google on Thursday. Right? You like it? Now, it's terrible. No, no, but they've exposed themselves because nobody knew it was that serious.

Donald Trump: They won't put it on. And if you put it on, and if you put something on from the New Yor -- I think they, didn't they delete the New York Post? They terminated out the New York Post. Can you imagine a newspaper that won't put it on? People have learned they don't want anything, because if Biden got in, they would own the world.

Donald Trump: If Biden got in, China would own our country. I mean, China, did you see where the kid was trying to get $10 million a year for introduction purposes, okay? This was down, this was all down in the paper. They say Russia did it. This was all down in a paper, now confirmed by the guy that ran the company. He's not, uh, I would say they're not too happy with him.

Donald Trump: Would you say? I saw him the other day, but it's all right stuff. I mean, what he's saying is right. He couldn't take it anymore. He couldn't stand the corruption. So let's see, but can you imagine more people saying, "Don't print it." In other words, you'll never hear it. But you know, it ended up backfiring.

Donald Trump: Because that happened, it's become a much bigger story. Because you add it all up, it's actually become -- If they would've printed it, who knows what would've happened? You forget it, something e -- But it's become a much bigger, Big Tech, Section 230, right? Big Tech is corrupt. It's corrupt. The media, the fake news, is corrupt.

Donald Trump: And I've been saying it for a long time. Even I didn't know that you were that corrupt. But look at all them. Even I didn't know that you were that corrupt. In the meantime, in the meantime, you watch the television sets go off. Let's cut, cut this guy off, cut the president off. Can you imagine? They're broadcasting this stuff, and now they're saying, "Cut him off." But it's okay.

Donald Trump: I don't mind, because I like telling the truth. Biden and the democrats will offshore your jobs, dismantle your police departments, dissolve your borders, confiscate your guns, second amendment. They're after them. Eliminate your private healthcare. You know, with have 180 million people with private healthcare.

Donald Trump: A lot of you have private healthcare. It's what you dream of, it's great. You negotiate, you have many great companies doing it, they compete. You have great private healthcare. They want to terminate it. They want to terminate your religious liberty. They want to destroy the suburbs. I am the best thing that ever happened to the suburbs.

Donald Trump: You know they were talking about this, uh, 60 Minutes, she asked me a question. You saw that, I pu -- I printed out the whole interview. I said, put it down. But, she said to me, a question, one of her questions, she said, "Why are you begging? Why? Suburban women. You said, please love me, suburban women.

Donald Trump: Please. Please love me. Please. I, I beg you, please love me, suburban -- " No, I didn't say that. What I did is I said, "Love me suburban women, because I've saved the suburbs. I've saved -- " They had a regulation, they had a regulation that would have brought low-income housing projects and crime right to their doorstep.

Donald Trump: Would have been right next to it. And I said, "Suburban women, you're going to love me." That's what I said. And I was being sarc -- They said, "Why are you begging for the love of suburban women?" Suburban women are going to love me. You know why? 'Cause they want security, they want safety. And they don't want a regulation that's going to destroy suburbia.

Donald Trump: That's all. That's all. 'Cause they said, "He's not doing well with suburban women." I said, "What about suburban men? How am I doing?" "Well, there you're doing okay. You're doing well with the men, not the women." But Biden has vowed to abolish fracking, right? He says, "We're gonna not frack anymore." He has no, he has no idea what it means. "We are not -- No fossil fuels, no nothing.

Donald Trump: We're going to close down all our factories. We're going to go with wind." Wind. Wind is going to be the answer. Kills all our birds, everything else. We're going to have massive blackouts like they have in California, the whole country. You ever see the brownouts? Crippling power outages. 700,000 Ohio jobs would be destroyed.

Donald Trump: Biden lies about a lot of things. He lied about that, he lied about social security. You saw that. Social security. He also won't tell you the truth about decades-long quest. He had a decades-long quest to renegotiate social security and Medicare, and he said he didn't do it. And we have a tape here some place.

Donald Trump: Do we have the tape? I hope it works better than the Big 10 tape, okay? Play both videos. So we have one real quick. We have a -- I only do this for you [Crosstalk] [Begin Video Clip]

Unidentified: [Video] -- time to respond --

Joe Biden: [Video] I have never said I oppose fracking. You, you said it on tape.

Joe Biden: [Video] I, I did -- Show the tape. Put it on your website. I'll put it on.

Joe Biden: [Video] Put it on.

Unidentified: [Video] Would there be any place for fossil fuels, including coal and fracking in a Biden administration?

Unidentified: Turn it up!

Joe Biden: [Video] No. Under the -- we wai -- we would work it out. We would make sure it's eliminated.

Unidentified: [Video] What about, say, stopping fracking and stopping --

Joe Biden: [Video] Yes.

Unidentified: [Video] -- pipeline --

Joe Biden: [Video] Yes.

Unidentified: [Video] -- infrastructure and --

Joe Biden: [Video] New pipeline --

Unidentified: [Video] And, and --

Joe Biden: [Video] Exactly. No new fracking. You got to transition away from it. Look, we're going to ban fracking all across America right now, right?

Unidentified: [Video] I would love to.

Joe Biden: [Video] Yeah. I'd love to, too. I'd love to make sure we don't, can't use any oil or gas. Period. So, look in my eyes. I guarantee you, I guarantee you we're going to end fossil fuel. We're not using real fossil fuels. Okay. So there he said, "No fracking." Social security --

Bernie Sanders: [Video] You're right here with me.

Joe Biden: [Video] Yeah.

Bernie Sanders: [Video] Have you been on the floor of the senate, you were in the senate for a few years --

Joe Biden: [Video] Yep.

Bernie Sanders: [Video] Time and time again, talking about the necessity, with pride, about cutting social security, cutting Medicare, cutting veterans programs.

Joe Biden: [Video] No.

Bernie Sanders: [Video] You never said that.

Joe Biden: [Video] No. When I argued that we should freeze federal spending, I s -- meant social security as well. I meant Medicare and Medicaid. I meant veteran's ben -- I meant every single, solitary thing in the government. Look, here's the deal.

Bernie Sanders: [Video] You're an honest guy. Why don't you just tell the truth here.

Joe Biden: [Video] I --

Bernie Sanders: [Video] We all make mistakes.

Joe Biden: [Video] No, I am telling the truth. And I not only tried it once, I tried it twice, I tried it a third time, and I tried it a fourth time.

Bernie Sanders: [Video] Joe, let me repeat it again. I want you just to be straight with the American people. I am saying that you have been on the floor of the Senate time, and time again, talking about the need to cut social security, Medicare, and veterans' programs. Is that true, or is that not true?

Joe Biden: [Video] No, it's not true. What [Crosstalk]

Bernie Sanders: [Video] That is not true?

Joe Biden: [Video] That is not true. I meant veteran's [Inaudible]. I meant every single solitary thing, in the government.

Joe Biden: [Video] Everything was on the table. I did not support any of those cuts in social security, or in veterans' benefits.

Bernie Sanders: [Video] Whoa, whoa, whoa. You, You. Everything was on the table. All right. You're right. You just said it. Including, in your judgment, cuts to social security, and veterans.

Joe Biden: [Video] In order to get the kinds of changes we need on other --

Bernie Sanders: [Video] Okay.

Joe Biden: [Video] Things related.

Unidentified: [Video] Ah.

Bernie Sanders: [Video] Joe, then you just --

Joe Biden: [Video] But I didn't -- But we did not cut it. I did not vote for it.

Bernie Sanders: [Video] I know, because people like me helped stop that. All that I would say to the American people, go to YouTube, it's all over the place. Joe said it many, many times, and I'm surprised -- You know, you can defend that, or change your mind on it, but you can't deny the reality.

Donald Trump: [End Video Clip] We're starting to use this very expensive means of communication, 'cause it's so much easier than my explaining it. So, number one, he said they'll be no fracking, no fracking, no fracking.

Donald Trump: He luckily gets a nomination, because Elizabeth Warren stayed in for an extra three days. Right? If she woulda left before Super Tuesday, he wouldn't have won Wednesday, and he woulda been out. And then I would've been competing against crazy Bernie instead, which is okay. I don't care. Well, there would've been more energy.

Donald Trump: I mean, you know. There would have been a lot more. Right? No. Bernie has more energy. Smaller, little base, maybe, but they have a lot of energy. Nick, you know they're coming to us, because a lot 'em, they agree with me so much on trade. We got a lot of 'em last time. But anyway, so no frackin'. Then he goes to Pennsylvania.

Donald Trump: Great place. And he says, uh, "Yeah. You're gonna having fracking. A million jobs." And, you know, they wanna keep their bills down. Right? The lighting bills, and the gasoline -- So all of a sudden, he goes from no fracking, to we will frack. And everyone said, "How the Hell -- ", and the fake news doesn't call him out on it.

Donald Trump: They don't even talk to him about it. So, I bring it up, because that's good. It's expensive to do, but you know what, it's worth it for the great state of Ohio. Right? Then we hear about Medicare and social security. So, all my life, I've heard, "If you even touch social security, you're outta politics." This guy tried to destroy social security, and Medicare, and Bernie caught him.

Donald Trump: I'd like to thank Bernie very much. You know, Bernie is, quite honestly, he's a good sport. He's one of the greatest losers in the history of politics [Inaudible]. Seriously. He lost viciously with Hillary, and possibly shouldn't -- I mean, I think she still outta beat him, but he was treated very badly.

Donald Trump: And then this time, he shoulda won, except that she said -- I mean, what they did, they quadruple teamed him. And what they did to him was incredible. And he's got no hard feelings. You know? He just goes back. Bernie is the loser. I mean, I can't, I've never seen a guy like this. He loves to lose. Some people love to lose.

Donald Trump: Some people. As long as I'm your President, I will always protect Medicare, and social security, like I promised. And he won't. And he won't. And America will continue to be the number one producer of oil, and natural gas, anywhere in the world. You don't have to worry about me, with your Ohio frackin'. You frack til your hearts' content.

Donald Trump: By the way, and it's not up to him, just so you understand. No. It's not up to him. He switched. But, his party is not going to let him frack. Okay? They're not gonna let him frack. And he's got nobody -- His party -- And he's probably not gonna be in there too long anyway. You know, they've got the dream.

Donald Trump: They've got this Kamala, who is the most liberal person [Crosstalk], and she said, "There will never be frackin'." Now she's saying, well, I think we can live with it, you know. No, no, no. Go with what they say first, in politics. Go with what they say, that's where they come from. And they don't have a choice.

Donald Trump: She doesn't either. There's not gonna be frackin', if they win. There's gonna be a lot of bad things happen, like socialized medicine. Like, a lot of bad, a lot of bad things are gonna happen. Joe Biden has made a corrupt bargain, in exchange for his party's nomination. He has handed control of his party over to the socialists.

Donald Trump: I hate to say this. The communists, the Marxists, and the left wing extremists, that you see running up and down the street, doing tremendous damage in Portland, and various places. That we could stop -- And ANTIFA, you're right, ANTIFA. I said, "Joe, tell us about ANTIFA, Joe." Oh, that's just an idea. Really?

Donald Trump: When you get hit over the head with a baseball bat, that's not an idea. No, he doesn't wanna talk about Antifa. I said, "Joe, I have been endorsed by almost every law enforcement group in the country. Almost every one. Sheriff's, police. New York City's finest. They've taken all of that, you know, great vim and that enthusiasm.

Donald Trump: What they've done in New York is terrible. All run by democrats. All run by radical left democrats or even democrats. You look at what's happened to New York crime wise. You look at what happened to Chicago. Look at Portland. Look at Portland. Look at Oakland. Look at Baltimore. By the way, you know, Obama talks like his administration -- He had stuff -- How 'bout Baltimore?

Donald Trump: How about Oakland? How 'bout Ferguson? How 'bout St. Louis? What he -- what he had -- And it's like I said, that's why I'm here. I'm here because people were not happy. They're running a slate of the most radical candidates in American history. They are running the most radical people, AOC plus three. AOC. [Audience Boos] How 'bout AOC? [Audience Boos] How about in Minnesota, beautiful Minnesota, Omar -- Il -- Ilhan Omar. [Audience Boos] And she's always complaining about the way we run our country.

Donald Trump: No. I think we're gonna win. You know, Minnesota hasn't been won by a republican since 1972. Does anybody know that? I think we're gonna win Minnesota. First of all -- we did a very good job with Minneapolis. You know that National Guard went in. Now, they should've called them two weeks -- They have -- We have to get a call.

Donald Trump: We're not allowed to send 'em in unless we wanna do something much tougher than that, which you don't wanna do. But, we have to get a call. So, we get a call. But the National Guard went in. In a half an hour, the whole thing was -- Wasn't that a beautiful -- To me, it was a beautiful sight. Boom. Boom. To me, it was a beautiful sight.

Donald Trump: They lined up and they just started walking and that was the end of that. They should've been called a week and a half earlier, they could've saved a lot of -- A lot of people and a lot of buildings and a lot of area. If Biden wins, the flag burning rioters on the streets will be running your federal government. [Audience Boos] You know, I signed into law, when the statues were coming down and monuments.

Donald Trump: And at first they were monuments of people we never heard of and then there were mon -- And I said, "You know what? You let them get away, they'll be wanting to take down monuments of George Washington." Everyone laughed, they thought it was funny. I said, "I'm not kidding." And they did. If I weren't President, you would have monuments taken down all over the city.

Donald Trump: Of Lincoln, of Washington, of Jefferson. They were going for the Jefferson Memorial. Can you believe this? And we have a mayor in D. C. who formed a commission with recommendations. Her recommendation is take down the Washington Monument. Close up the Lincoln Monument. [Audience Boos] No, no. These are serious.

Donald Trump: You -- you read about it. I said, "No thank you. No thank you. No thank you, Madam Mayor. We're gonna keep the Washington Monument just the way it is." These people. These people are crazy. You know, I went to Mount Rushmore, [Inaudible]. Everybody li -- I don't know if you saw my tweets, but people like my Mount Rushmore -- But, you know why they liked it? 'Cause it was so beautiful.

Donald Trump: And behind me were these massive -- This mountain is carved so beautifully. It's beautiful. South Dakota. Beautiful. And I'm making a speech and then I realized, they wanna take down Mount Rushmore. No, it's not happening. By the way, don't tell that to the people -- Don't tell that to the people of South Dakota.

Donald Trump: They're not gonna be -- But these people -- So, you know, so what -- When I saw the thing with the statues and with the monuments -- all over the country, I said we need a strong -- We need a strong, strong law. Not -- With this congress we have now, where, you know, one day would be too much. And we took out an old law and it says 10 years in prison if you knock down a monument.

Donald Trump: I mean. And I re-instituted -- I reenacted it. I signed it. And they were coming in Washington. They wanted to knock down quite a few of our beautiful monuments, including one of Abraham Lincoln. And, you remember Jackson? They had the ropes, but the police went and did a great job. They did a phenomenal job.

Donald Trump: They went in -- These police, they went in, they were unbelievable. It's true. Remember they had the ropes? They were ready to -- They were startin' to pull it. And the police, and they're pretty rough guys, but the police went in and they're much rougher. It was over so fast. It was over so fast. Andrew Jackson, who was a great general and a good President.

Donald Trump: Maybe a very good President. Take it down. Andrew Jackson, a great battle of New Orleans, a great general, and a very good president. They want beautiful -- right opposite the White House, they want the bulletin, and they were ready. And the police went in, and the police did a great job. They did a great job, but I said, "We need something," so we signed something that says "10 years." And, you know, they were going to march the following day.

Donald Trump: They were gonna have thousands of people come to rip down statues in Washington, and we informed them it's 10 years in jail -- 10 years in prison, they actually used the term "prison," because it's a tougher term, right? It's "in prison." Today, they don't use that term, today they use much nicer terms. It says "10 years in prison if you knock down a monument -- do anything to damage a monument or statue." So what happened is, they heard about it.

Donald Trump: And they came in, there were only 24 people. There was supposed to be tens of thousands. 24 people, and they looked around, and the 24 people said "Let's get the Hell outta here, 10 years is too -- " and that was the end. That was the end of it, it's amazing! It's amazing what they -- what the pen can do, right?

Donald Trump: The pen. But you couldn't go to Congress today and get that, because they don't think this way, you know, today they don't think. Today they say "Well, you have to have -- it's freedom of speech. Knocking down a statue's freedom of speech, you could let them do whatever they want to. Can't do that, can't do that." So it's, uh -- the federal government's been doing a great job.

Donald Trump: Now the state governments have to get tougher, and the state governments have to call in the federal government when they have a problem, it's very simple. The mayor is right, they could use some help. The first thing they'll do if they win this office, and I don't think it's gonna happen based on everything I'm seeing, is they're gonna pack the Supreme Court with far-left judges who will eliminate your Second Amendment.

Donald Trump: And if, uh -- if you happen to be pro-life, you can forget that -- you can forget that. They will change -- they will change everything. They will change it. You know, we took our time, I have three supreme court justices, we have a great one coming -- a great one coming. Three great ones! You know, many presidents have had none, think of it.

Donald Trump: And me, their worst nightmare, I swear. Their heads are exploding, you know? The [Inaudible]. No, but just of equal important, in my opinion. By the time -- by the end of my first term, we'll have 300 -- give or take a little bit, 300 federal judges, including Puerto Rico. 300. A record! It's a record. You know, it's a record.

Donald Trump: So think of that, 300 federal judges, I think close to 60 court of appeals judges, and 3 supreme court justices, I mean -- can you believe it? Even I can't believe it! Even I -- it's a record. If I don't sound like a typical Washington politician, it's because I'm not a politician. And if I don't always play by the rules of the Washington establishment, it's because I was elected to fight for you, and I am fighting for you harder than any president has ever fought.

Donald Trump: So we're joined today by a couple of our good friends, State Auditor Keith Faber! Where is Keith? Keith! Good job, Keith! Thank you. So Keith has done a great job and uh, thank you very much, Keith for being here, we appreciate it. That cheering was for you Keith, I think. Was that for Keith? State supreme court justices Judy French and Sharon Kennedy.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much! Congratulations, thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much, thank you judge. And a person that, right at the beginning she was with us, and she was right there, and she's fantastic -- GOP Chairwoman Jane Temkin. Great Jane. How we doing, Jane? How does it compare to the four years ago?

Donald Trump: She has more -- even more enthusiasm, it's true. Even more enthusiasm. Then you're gonna find out, on November 3rd, it's gonna say "Aw, remember four years ago? That great evening -- " was that one of the greatest evenings? And he said "This will be a very, very short evening for Donald Trump!" Then they say "Donald Trump has won the state of Florida.

Donald Trump: Whoa, what's that all about? Donald Trump has won the state of Ohio. What the hell is going on? Donald Trump has won -- They had North Carolina, they said that's theirs [Inaudible] that's the one. Donald Trump has just won the state of North Carolina, what? Then Georgia, and South Carolina. We won the, we just swept that whole place.

Donald Trump: And then we came in with Michigan, hadn't been won in decades and decades. And we came in with Wisconsin, hadn't been won in a long time, and it was like, one of the most beautiful evenings, wasn't it? And then they talk about, if you lose will this be a friendly transition? And I said, let me ask you a question, when I won, did they give me a friendly transition?

Donald Trump: They spied on my campaign, they did all this stuff. That was not a friendly transition, was it, huh? I also wanna recognize Pickaway County Commission and Ohio State football legend, oh, Champ Henson, where the hell is he? Whoa, good looking guy. You look like you could play tomorrow, Champ, boy. He's a hell of a athlete.

Donald Trump: Great. That's great. Champ led the nation in scoring when he played for the great Woody Hayes at Ohio State. Right? It looks good. Handsome guy. Woody Hayes was easy to play for, wasn't he? He was a nice guy. I -- [Laughs] He goes, no he wasn't. That's okay. He was great though, wasn't he, huh? He got it -- You know what, he got it done, right?

Donald Trump: He got it done. Great. Nice to see you, Champ. Thank you very much. Appreciate it. For decades, your politicians spent trillions of dollars rebuilding foreign nations, right? They would spend money on these foreign nations that didn't give a damn for us. Fighting foreign wars and defending foreign boarders, but now we are finally protecting our nation, we are rebuilding our cities, and we are bringing our jobs, our factories, and our troops back home to the USA. Our troops are all coming back.

Donald Trump: Gonna fight the [Inaudible] all the time, no, but our troops are all coming back. Afghanistan 19 years, would you say that's enough, right? And we're policemen over there. We're police, we're, we're policemen over there. Under my administration we built the greatest economy in the history of the world, and now, very simply, we are doing it again.

Donald Trump: We built it. We had to close it down, unbelievably. I can't, I couldn't believe it when they came to my office and we had to close it down. We did the right thing, saved all those lives. Now we're reopening it, and we're doing it at a level that nobody's ever seen before. In my first three years, we increased family income.

Donald Trump: You know, it's called make America great again, right? Like the hat. Make America great again, but now I say make America great again, again. Make America great again, again. We increased family income over $6,000. More than five times the gains in all eight years, so we did it in three years. Under the past administration, think of that.

Donald Trump: Five times more. African-American unemployment, Hispanic-American unemployment, and Asian-American unemployment all reached their lowest levels in the history of our country. All unemployment. I mean, I've seen so many forms of unemployment with a high school diploma, without a high school diploma, a MBA, a college degree, graduating number one at MIT. Everybody was doing better.

Donald Trump: Women doing unbelievably, unbelievably. Breaking every record. But we had to slow it down, close it up, save those lies. Understand this horrible virus that was sent to us by China. But sent to the whole world. Sent to the whole world. They stopped it from going into other parts of China, but it came to the US and Europe, and all over the world.

Donald Trump: And we can never forget it. We can never forget it. After the virus hit, we recovered faster than any major nation on Earth. We've recovered faster economically since April. Since April we created a record 11.4 million jobs. This week I signed an order to protect the pensions of workers of Delphi Corporation.

Donald Trump: Do we have any of those workers here? You are so lucky I'm president. There's like two people here. You are so lucky that I'm president. But when General Motors went bankrupt, Biden and Obama threw this workers really to the wolves. Their pensions were totally wiped out. Their families were left in disarray.

Donald Trump: It was a terrible thing. So my order is the first step to restoring the pensions and healthcare benefits promised to workers in Wisconsin, Michigan and Ohio. And congratulations and -- No, they were treated very unfairly. They were treated -- And they were promised all sorts of things and then, as usual, nothing happened.

Donald Trump: I will never let anyone ripoff our great American worker. We're not going to let them rip it off. And they -- they have been doing that for a long time. Joe Biden says, "Buy American," but he spent 47 years in Washington, sending our jobs to foreign countries. And you'll also notice he never says, "Hire American." Did you ever notice that?

Donald Trump: That's because his plan is to hire foreign workers. He wants open borders, and he wants unlimited illegal aliens coming in. We don't know who they are. So that leaves no jobs to the Americans. So we have that straightened all out. It's all done. Don't worry about it. Don't get upset. In fact, he's vowed to terminate all of the protections that I've given to the American worker.

Donald Trump: I've given you a lot of protections. To save our auto industry, I withdrew from the horrible Trans-Pacific Partner -- It would have been the worst. I ended the NAFTA nightmare. One of the worst trade deals. Probably the worst trade deal. Everyone said that would be, it would be impossible to do. And proudly signed the brand new USMCA into law, Mexico-Canada.

Donald Trump: And by the way, it just kicked in. The difference is unbelievable. You know how I know it's good? Because those two countries aren't quite as happy as we are. But NAFTA was a disaster. We lost 60,000 factories, went to different countries. It's terrible. It was terrible. It was a terrible thing to have signed, and everybody said it would be impossible to terminate.

Donald Trump: I terminated it. And we have the USMCA, which is great. Great for us. And it makes it very, very tough. And the wall is almost complete. He [Laughs] says, "Build the wall." It's great. You know, they don't talk -- You know, the press doesn't talk about the wall anymore. Because it's all built. It's going to be very -- Very soon, it's going to be completed.

Donald Trump: And it has created such an unbelievable strong border. You have no idea. And Mexico, also -- Mexico has given us 27,000. Think of that. 27,000 soldiers to protect our border. And you have to do it. You have to do it, because it's not right. And we don't have people. Remember when I came in? Remember the caravans coming in?

Donald Trump: They were coming in. Thousands and thousands of people were trying to come in. I said, "You can't do it." You don't hear about it. You don't hear about any of these stories anymore. You don't hear about the wall anymore. You used to hear it. It used to be, "Wall, wall, wall," because they never thought I'd get it built.

Donald Trump: You know? Once you're a developer in New York City, [Laughs] this is easy. Now we got it financed. Mexico will be paying for it, because we're going to charge a fee at the base. So it was very simple. But they've been great. Mexico has treated us very well. They didn't used to treat us well, but now they treat us well.

Donald Trump: Joe Biden has vowed that he wants open borders, mass amnesty and free healthcare for all illegal immigrants coming in. And that was another tape he had. Right? When they said they had like, you know, 16, 17 of these super radical left people running on the Democrat side. [Laughs] That wasn't so bad. I was waiting.

Donald Trump: I was right -- I could hear that. That wasn't -- that wasn't that bad. That's good. Because you've got a lot of people watching you on television. You know? But remember they said, "Who is going to pay -- Who is going to give healthcare to illegal immigrants coming into the country?" And they all raised their hand.

Donald Trump: Everybody raised their hand, except Joe. Because he's been doing it for 47 years. He knew it was not a good thing. So he did the shoulder. Remember? And then he got the hand up. I said, "Ah, I just won." Because you can't do that. You know, the problem is -- Look, we all have a heart. But if you do that, you're going to have tens of millions of people pouring into our country for healthcare, for college, for school.

Donald Trump: They want to get free school, free education. They want to give -- The new one -- They want to give free lawyers to everybody that enters our country illegally. Do you believe it? That's down in the manifesto with Bernie. That's between Bernie -- There's two characters you saw up there. Bernie and Joe, Sleepy Joe.

Donald Trump: Bernie got taken further left. Can you believe it? Bernie, whose supposed to be taken to the right. He took Joe further left than anything he ever did. The manifesto, we call it. Biden's also pledged to terminate all national security travel bans. You know, I got travel bans, if it's okay with you. Because I didn't like -- I don't like people that wanna come in and blow up our country, okay?

Donald Trump: So -- and they got it passed! Wasn't easy, that was not easy. That was a bad one, that was a tough one. They thought I was a bad person, no. I want people to come into our country, who love our country, who can help us. Not people that wanna blow up things and kill people. But travel bans, and increase, they wanna increase refugees.

Donald Trump: This is an agreement with Bernie Sanders. Increase refugees, 700%, opening the flood gates to radical Islamic terrorism. No thank you. No, thank you. We appreciate it Joe, thank you very much, but no thanks. I'm keeping the terrorists, jihadists, violent extremists out of our country, if that's okay. We invested 2.5 trillion dollars in the U.S. military, including more than six billion dollars in contracts.

Donald Trump: Oh, for Lima, you know, Lima, the army tank plan? Lima, right? You know I did that when I was here. They was gonna close that plant, and I heard, that I was President elect, so I had nothing to do for a little while. You know? I didn't know I was being spied on. So, I had nothing to do and I heard about this tank plant, and I had some friends, a lot of friends in Ohio.

Donald Trump: And they said about this tank plant, that a Jim Jordan, the great Jim Jordan, that we love! So, he's one of them. You know, Jim Jordan was a great NCA wrestling champion too? He was great. He was great. Jim Jordan is a great warrior, I will tell you that. Nobody like him. But its true, Jim Jordan, and others, they said, "We have to, we have to save this plant." I said, "Let me take a look." So I actually went to Lima, I saw this plant.

Donald Trump: And I -- It's the only plant now, that makes army tanks. And, a level of sophistication, you wouldn't believe it. And I went through, I'm good at this stuff, I went through the plant. I said, "If we ever close this plant, you'll never be able to get the skill, the talent, or a facility to do this." I'm not gonna buy our tanks from China.

Donald Trump: Okay? We were close to that in the steel world okay? You know. Let's buy our steel from China, no thank you. You know, there are certain industries we have to have. And we brought that back. So I said, "No, I'm not gonna let this be closed." And I stopped it. And we are making tanks at a record level. All made in the U.S.A. We're making it at a record level.

Donald Trump: And, and you're right. Jim Jordan was very helpful. [Audience chants "USA"] You would've never been able to replace that plant. This big, incredible, sprawling place. And they, uh -- they make these tanks, they're so sophisticated, you wouldn't believe it when you see. I look inside, I said, "No, thanks, I don't have to go inside.

Donald Trump: I don't need that." You know who tried that? Dukakis. That didn't work out, did it? I'm slightly larger than him. I might've had the opposite problem, okay? And he didn't look cool. That was not a good picture, with him with the helmet. Does anybody remember? Dukakis. He was up 10, after that picture, he was down 15, he went down 20. No I don't have to go into the tank.

Donald Trump: But I did happen to go in and I said, "That's like, a complex machine, that's incredible what you do," I said, "We can't close this place, you'll never be able to reproduce this." And we, uh, we didn't close it. So, you know, it's uh, one of a lot of great decisions I think we've made for our military and for the people, and also for the people of Ohio.

Donald Trump: And we took over 100% of the ISIS caliphate. You saw that? Syria and Iraq. And for years they were after this blood thirsty killer. They were after, they could never find him, but we found him. We killed the leader, founder, of ISIS, Al-Baghdadi, we killed him. And then we took out the mass murderer of American troops and many other people.

Donald Trump: Soleimani is dead. I withdrew from the last administration's disastrous, Iran nuclear deal. One of the dumbest deals. And I recognize the true capital of Israel, and open the American embassy in Jerusalem. And instead of never ending wars, you see we just signed yesterday, another one, Sudan. So we have Bahrain, Sudan, and the United Arab Emirates, really led by a great leader, Mohammed, a great leader.

Donald Trump: And, uh, we're getting peace without blood all over the sand. It's gonna happen. We have many other countries that wanna come in. Many other countries want to come into that deal. We'll have peace. I did more in 47 months, than sleepy Joe Biden did in 47 years, that's right. A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, a limitless future, for all Americans.

Donald Trump: Really, it's a vote for the American Dream. That's what it is. We're for the American Dream. I'm for the American Dream. The Republicans will be with us. And in conclusion, over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world. We've already started. We will end our reliance on China once and for all.

Donald Trump: That's already happening. We will hire more police, increase penalties for assaults on law enforcement, and we will ban deadly sanctuary cities. We will uphold religious liberty, free speech, and the right to keep and bear arms. We will strike down terrorists who threaten our citizens and we will keep America out of the ridiculous, endless foreign wars, if that's okay.

Donald Trump: Keep 'em out. We've created the greatest military in the world. You know we, or the equipment that we bought -- $2.5 trillion. 2.5 That was much easier to get, frankly, and the Democrats didn't want to give anything. But that was much easier to get, believe it or not, than the wall. They didn't want the wall.

Donald Trump: They said the wall was old-fashioned. They wanted drones flying around so you could watch people pour into our border, okay. And you know I've been saying it a lot because it's true. There are two things that will never get obsolete -- a wall and a wheel, right? I said the wall, and that wall has, it just has stopped them.

Donald Trump: But what we've done is, we've created two and a half trillion, with a T, trillion dollars, we have the greatest jet fighting planes and tankers, missiles, rockets submarines. We have the greatest weapon in the world, submarines, greatest most powerful weapons in the world. Our nuclear arsenal is fixed and ready and, and only hope to God we never have to use it, but you know what?

Donald Trump: We're much less likely to have to use it because right now with we have things -- the hydrosonic missiles, super, I call them the super-duper missiles, they go seven times the speed of a normal, quick missile. I mean these things are amazing, and you know Russia took things that we had during the Obama administration from our great scientists and engineers, and they built, they have hydrosonic, but we have hydrosonic now that they're the fastest in the world.

Donald Trump: We needed all of this stuff. We have the greatest equipment, we are the ency of the world, whether it's Russia, China, North Korea, we have the greatest equipment, we are the greatest people. We have the greatest warriors. But our warriors needed the equipment. And when I came into office, in my first short period of time, one of the world's most over-rated generals told me, sir we don't have ammunition.

Donald Trump: I said that should never be said to another president again. And now we have so much ammunition we don't know what to do with it. So we have totally rebuilt our military, the finest equipment anywhere in the world, nothing even close, no other country has anything even close. The fake news are saying - you shouldn't be saying that.

Donald Trump: You're giving confidential information. That's okay, I'll say it. There is nobody, can you imagine that? They wouldn't even call me and uh, maybe they should impeach me for making that statement okay? And we will ensure peace through strength. We will end surprise medical billing, require the biggest thing there is -- price transparency.

Donald Trump: Remember I said it, it kicks in on January 1st, it's bigger than healthcare. Wait until you see what you can do when you have transparency, when you can negotiate with your doctors, your hospitals etc. Lower drug prices as I said favorite nations, and even more we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions, always, always.

Donald Trump: We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students, and restore patriotic education to our schools. And we will teach our children to love our country, honor our history and always respect our great American plan. And so importantly, we will live by the timeless words of our national motto, in God we trust.

Donald Trump: For years, you had a President who apologized for America. Now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for the great people of Ohio. Thank you. You know, Biden used to say that he's made a lot of mistakes because he was never sure where the hell he was, right? So let's say, like, that line, sort of, like, maybe a lesser version of it.

Donald Trump: And standing up for the great people of F-F-Florida. [Inaudible] no palm trees. No, he did that about seven times, right? You know, once you do that, walk off the stage, no matter how good a speech you give, it's no good. You just walk off the stage standing up for the great people of Idaho. He had Iowa and Idaho, and he couldn't figure it out.

Donald Trump: This is not what we need. For the last four years, you have seen me fight for you, and now I am relying on you to deliver another historic victory for our country. Go through Ohio. Vote early, bring your friends, your families, your neighbors. Your coworkers. Get your boss to go, I don't care. But you have to get out and vote.

Donald Trump: Everybody has to get out and vote. [Audience chants "Four more years"] From Akron to Columbus, from Dayton to Cleveland, from Cincinnati to right here in Circleville. We stand on the shoulders of red blooded American patriots who poured out their heart, their sweat, their soul, to secure our liberty, and to defend our freedom.

Donald Trump: We inherit the legacy of American heroes who cross the oceans, blaze the trails, settled the continent, tamed to the wilderness, laid down the railroads, dug out the Panama Canal. Raised up the great skyscrapers, went to world wars. Defeated fascism and communism, and made America the single greatest nation in the history of the world, and the best is yet to come. [Inaudible]. Proud citizens like you help build this country, and together we are taking back our country.

Donald Trump: We are returning power to you, the American people. That's what this is all been about. With your help, your devotion, and your drive, we're going to keep on working. We are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God.

Donald Trump: And together, with the incredible people of Ohio, we have made America powerful again. Military. We have made America wealthy again. Stock market. We have made America strong again. We have made America proud again. We have made America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you, Ohio. Go out and vote.