Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-nra-leadership-forum-houston-texas-may-27-2022

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you, everybody. [Audience chants " U.S. A."]

Donald Trump: Well, thank you, Wayne, and thank you, Jason. I'm honored to be here in the great state of Texas with the wonderful patriots of the NRA. And unlike some, I didn't disappoint you by not showing up. Got to show up. Got to show up. For more than 150 years, the NRA has stood strong and tall in defense of our rights, our freedoms, our families, our law enforcement officers, and our sacred liberties as Americans.

Donald Trump: And together, we're going to be standing strong and tall for many, many years to come. I really do appreciate this incredible turnout. I want to express my tremendous gratitude to each and every one of the proud citizens here today. You are the backbone of our movement, and you are the backbone of our country.

Donald Trump: You know that. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: I just heard him. He made a wonderful speech. Ted Cruz, Senator, where are you? Thank you very much. Ted, thank you very much. Great job. Governor Kristi Noem is here. Kristi. Thank you, Kristi. Doing a fantastic job in North Carolina. There's a hot politician. He's a hot politician, Lt. Governor Mark Robinson.

Donald Trump: I don't know where you are, Mark. I don't know where Mark is, but he is fantastic. We just had a very good day, as you know, in North Carolina. As we gather this week, citizens across this state and across this nation are filled with grief in the wake of the heinous massacre of Robb Elementary School in Uvalde.

Donald Trump: You know all about that and what a horrible, horrible thing it was to see it, to watch it, to hear about it. The terrible murder of 19 innocent children and two adult teachers, with many badly injured, was a savage and barbaric atrocity that shocks the conscience of every single American, so horrible. I want to ask for a brief moment of silence as I read the names of these beautiful people, all young, wonderful lives ahead of them.

Donald Trump: Their brave teachers whose lives were destroyed by an out-of-control lunatic. So, we'll start. Alexandria Rubio, Alithia Ramirez, Amerie Garza, Annabelle Guadalupe Rodriguez, Eliahana Cruz Torres, Ellie Garcia, Jacklyn Cazares, Jailah Nicole Silguero, Jayce Luevanos, Jose Flores, Layla Salazar, Makenna Lee Elrod, Maite Rodriguez, Miranda Mathis, Navaeh Bravo, Rojelio Torres, Tess Marie Mata, Uziyah Garcia, Xavier Lopez.

Donald Trump: Two great and beautiful, brilliant teachers, Eva Mireles, Irma Garcia. And thank you very much. It's a beautiful moment of silence for something that should never have even been thought about, let alone happened. Each precious young soul that was taken is an incomprehensible loss, literally not comprehensible, stolen from us by a malice that no words can describe, sickness.

Donald Trump: The monster who committed this crime is pure evil, pure cruelty, pure hatred, absolute pure hatred. And while those he slaughtered are now with God in heaven, he will be eternally damned to burn in the fires of hell. As we mourn for so many beautiful victims, I know that everyone here joins me in praying for the families who are suddenly missing the brightest light in their lives.

Donald Trump: We see their agony, we ask God to ease their suffering and to heal their pain, and together, we grieve side by side as one great American family. Now is the time to find common ground. Sadly before the sun had even set on the horrible day of tragedy, we witnessed a now familiar parade of cynical politicians seeking to exploit the tears of sobbing families to increase their own power and take away our constitutional rights.

Donald Trump: Every time a disturbed or a demented person commits such a hideous crime, there's always a grotesque effort by some in our society to use the suffering of others to advance their own extreme political agenda. Even more repulsive is their rush to shift blame away from the villains who commit acts of mass violence and to place that blame onto the shoulders of millions of peaceful, law-abiding citizens who belong to organizations such as our wonderful NRA.

Donald Trump: When Joe Biden blamed the gun lobby, he was talking about Americans like you. And along with countless other Democrats this week, he was shamefully suggesting that Republicans are somehow OK with letting school shootings happen, they're not OK with it. This rhetoric is highly divisive and dangerous, and most importantly, it's wrong.

Donald Trump: It has no place in our politics. As always, in the wake of these tragedies, the various gun control policies being pushed by the left would have done nothing to prevent the horror that took place, absolutely nothing. Unfortunately, ever since Columbine, we've been afflicted by a contagion of school shootings carried out by deeply evil, violent, and mentally disturbed young men.

Donald Trump: While we don't yet know enough about this week's killing, we know there are many things we must do. We need to drastically change our approach to mental health. There are always so many warning signs, almost all of these disfigured minds share the same profile. When people see something, whether on social media or in school, they need to say something.

Donald Trump: Teachers, parents, school officials, and community members need to be recognizing and addressing these alarm bells promptly and very, very aggressively. And our school discipline systems, instead of making excuses and continually turning a blind eye, need to confront bad behavior head on and quickly. And clearly, we need to make it far easier to confine the violent and mentally deranged into mental institutions.

Donald Trump: We have also, very importantly, got to deal with the problem of broken families because no law can cure the effects of a broken home. There is no substitute for a strong mom and a great dad. But while we work to address these deep, complicated issues and deal with this scourge, all of us must unite, Republican and Democrat in every state and at every level of government, to finally harden our schools and protect our children.

Donald Trump: What we need now is a top-to-bottom security overhaul at schools all across our country. Every building should have a single point of entry. There should be strong exterior fencing, metal detectors, and the use of new technology to make sure that no unauthorized individual can ever enter the school with a weapon.

Donald Trump: No one should ever be able to get anywhere near a classroom until they have been checked, scanned, screened, and fully approved, so important. In addition, classroom doors should be hardened to make them lockable from the inside and closed to intruders from the outside. And above all, from this day forward every school in America should have a police officer or an armed resource officer on duty at all times.

Donald Trump: Moreover, at every police department in America, we need a rigorous training on active shooter protocols to immediately locate and eliminate the target, which took too long. And we need to expand funding, recruiting, and training for police departments nationwide. This is not a matter of money, this is a matter of will.

Donald Trump: If the United States has $40 billion to send to Ukraine, we should be able to do whatever it takes to keep our children safe at home. Thank you. That's true. [Audience member calls out "Thank you."]

Donald Trump: That's true. We spent trillions in Iraq, trillions in Afghanistan, we got nothing. Before we nation build the rest of the world, we should be building safe schools for our own children in our own nation, right? Last year alone, Biden and congressional Democrats sent $122 billion in so-called COVID relief funds to K-12 schools, even while they were keeping many of our schools totally shut down, no doubt, severely worsening the mental health challenge of many youth.

Donald Trump: I mean, many of these young people really suffered very greatly. It became very ill. They may have been ill to start, but they became very, very ill. Congress should vote immediately to take back every penny of unused COVID relief money, take it back from the states, and use that money to quickly establish impenetrable security at every school all across our land.

Donald Trump: As many have noted, inner-city schools rarely have these kinds of mass shootings, I didn't know that until just recently. Think of that, they rarely have this problem despite being located in very tough neighborhoods, in many cases, where there's tremendous levels of high crime and violence. They're much more dangerous outside the school than inside.

Donald Trump: The reason is that for decades, inner-city schools have had much stronger security measures in place in the school itself, including metal detectors, and yes, armed guards. They had guns, armed guards. Whatever our differences may be on other issues, what on earth is stopping Democrats from immediately passing measures to ramp up school security?

Donald Trump: How many more tragedies will it take until they agree to set aside their far-left political agenda and do what is really needed and what actually works? This is not about virtue cycling and signing, this is about blaming your enemies, no, we don't want to do that. This is about saving our children's lives.

Donald Trump: Yes, that's what we want to do. Surely we can all agree, our school should not be the softest target, our school should be the single hardest target in our country. And that's why as part of a comprehensive school safety plan, it's time to finally allow highly trained teachers to safely and discreetly concealed carry.

Donald Trump: Let them concealed carry. And again, they have to be able to handle it, they have to be highly trained, all of those things, but let them do that. It would be so much better and so much more effective even from a cost standpoint because there is no sign more inviting to a mass killer than a sign that declares a gun-free zone, most dangerous place.

Donald Trump: I know it sounds good, and it really does, doesn't it sound wonderful? But it's not. And statistically, it's a total disaster. Gun-free zone, they look at that sign and they say, "That's where I'm going." We cannot have that because if somebody goes into that building, all of those innocent people will be taken out, will be killed, will be tortured, bad things will happen, have to get rid of it. As the age-old saying goes, the only way to stop a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun.

Donald Trump: Have you ever heard that? No, you've never heard that. And in the absence of a member of law enforcement, there is no one you would rather have nearby when a crisis strikes than an armed, expertly trained, member of the NRA. True. Let's not pretend that those on the left are just talking about limiting one class of gun or one category of ammunition.

Donald Trump: You know they're not doing that. We all know they want total gun confiscation. You know that. This would be a first step. Once they get the first step, they'll take the second step, the third, fourth, and then you'll have a whole different look at the Second Amendment, which is, by the way, totally under siege.

Donald Trump: But we stopped it for four years. We stopped it. And you've got to stop it. We've got to stop it. But even if every decent and honest American gave up their guns, the criminals would never give up theirs. And they never will. They're never going to give up theirs. They would wreak havoc like never before in our country.

Donald Trump: The fact is, there will always be sick and demonic souls who wish to harm the innocent and see malice triumph over good. They're going to have that. But the existence of evil in our world is not a reason to disarm law-abiding citizens who know how to use their weapon and can protect a lot of people. The existence of evil is one of the very best reasons to arm law-abiding citizens.

Donald Trump: And that is why one of the core missions of the NRA is to train, prepare, and equip responsible American men and women with the knowledge and tools they need to defend themselves, their families, and their communities -- have to defend their communities and their families. Every single year, the NRA's 125,000 certified instructors, these are highly trained, very, very capable people.

Donald Trump: They train an incredible 1 million Americans to be safer gun owners ready to act when the situation calls. An incredible job. And every day that training is protecting the vulnerable and safeguarding the innocent. An estimated 500,000 to 2.5 million Americans each year use a firearm in self-defense, the vast majority without ever even having to fire a shot.

Donald Trump: Oftentimes they know you have it and they say, "No, thank you. We're not going to mess with her." In addition, according to newly released data from the FBI, last year, there were not one, not two, not three, but four active shooters who were taken out by an armed civilian bravely exercising their Second Amendment rights, saving countless innocent lives.

Donald Trump: That is what the Second Amendment is all about. We're honored to be joined today by a true Texas hero. The Sunday after Christmas, in 2019, veteran firearms instructor Jack Wilson was attending services at the West Freeway Church of Christ outside of Fort Worth. He saw a strange man enter the church, and after that, Jack never took his eyes off him, would not leave him.

Donald Trump: He knew something was wrong right up until the man approached the person serving communion and pulled out a gun. Thankfully, after Texas passed a law allowing concealed carry in places of worship, Jack had volunteered to lead his church's citizens security team, and he knew what he was doing. Instantly, Jack and another congregant pulled out their firearms very quickly, very professionally.

Donald Trump: The shooter gunned down Jack's team member and then turned and killed the man serving Holy Communion. Amid the chaos, Jack had only an instant to take aim. He saw his chance and took out the shooter with a single perfect shot. Incredible. Come on up here, Jack. Come on up here, Jack. Stay right there, Jack.

Donald Trump: Thanks to Jack's sharp eye and swift action, the shooter was down within six seconds out from pulling his gun. Think of that, six seconds. And with more than 240 worshipers in the church, which perhaps all would be gone right now, Jack had saved the lives of an old -- really an untold number of innocent people that he knew very well, and he loved.

Donald Trump: Jack, we want to thank you for a job well done. We salute you. A true professional, a really great man, Jack. Say a few words, Jack.

Jack Wilson: I thank each and every one of you. Again, thank you, President Trump. And you're still my president. What I did that day was not for my glory. It was to save countless friends and family in that setting. I hope you're never put in that position. But understand, if you are put in that position, you have to make that decision to do what is right, not what somebody says, "Well, you shouldn't do that." No. I did not kill a human being that day.

Jack Wilson: I took out evil. And just as what happened in Uvalde this week, that was evil. We have to deal with evil at all levels. You have to stand up and be prepared to protect and do what you have to do to stop evil in this country. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Jack Wilson: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, Jack. And as Jack's story reminds us, defending our Second Amendment is about defending law, order, and life. We know that. As law-and-order conservatives, we have no higher goal than to reduce violent crime by the greatest degree possible, and there is no mystery as to what is required.

Donald Trump: Over the past two years, our nation has paid a horrifically bloody price for the Democrats' defund the police rhetoric and their weak on-crime policies. We have paid a big price. In every city where the left attacked the police, slashing funding, or hired radical prosecutors, violent crime has skyrocketed.

Donald Trump: Last year, 12 major cities hit all-time highs. This is the history of our country. All-time highs in record homicides. And this year is looking far, far worse. Not even close. In Democrat-run Sacramento last year, a man with a long criminal history was released from jail on zero bail, and wish that he would never have been put in jail.

Donald Trump: That was his wish. Weeks later, he broke into an innocent woman's home, sexually assaulted her, murdered her, killed her two dogs, and set her house on fire. This past February in New York, another horrible person with at least six prior arrests, was released without bail before going on a stalking tour after a 35-year-old woman went into her apartment, stabbing her to death and leaving her body in the bathtub.

Donald Trump: And recently, in Philadelphia, a thug murdered an innocent man walking his dog, two weeks after being released on armed kidnapping and assault charges where he badly, badly hurt a number of people. The very same Democrat politicians, who stoked riots over a single police-involved killing two years ago, are numb to the mounting death toll of their own radical policies.

Donald Trump: But we must not be. We cannot let that happen. Big city mayors like Lori Lightfoot in Chicago. Muriel Bowser in Washington, Jim Kenney in Philadelphia watched the slaughter day in and day out and do absolutely nothing. But we must act. If America had a proper approach to policing, prosecuting, and jailing, we could cut violent crime in our major cities by much more than half, and it would take place almost immediately.

Donald Trump: Under the greatest mayor in the history of New York, Rudy Giuliani, they cut violent crime by 58% and the murder rate by 66% in just a few years. And then it got better than that. And under our own administration, we significantly reduced violent crime three years in a row. We resurrected Project Safe Neighborhoods, bringing together prosecutors, police, sheriffs, and citizen groups to get dangerous felons off the streets and off the streets rapidly.

Donald Trump: We funded 200 new violent crime prosecutors with Operation Legend. We surged hundreds and hundreds of federal law enforcement officers to Democrat-run cities that you've heard so many horrible things about, to put violent offenders behind bars where they belong. When they started knocking down statues in Washington, DC, and other locations, I watched this in amazement.

Donald Trump: Lincoln, Jefferson, Washington, knocking them down. And I immediately signed an executive order which stated that anybody even lightly defaces a federal monument or statue will get a minimum of 10 years in prison. Ten years. And immediately upon signing it, everything stopped. Do you ever notice that? It all stopped.

Donald Trump: There was nothing. Didn't happen. Amazing, isn't it? I felt I had a political and moral obligation to allow Democrat mayors and governors to run their cities and states when it came to crime and riots, and even horrible violence. In my own mind, I was allowing the Democrats to show how they would handle the situation.

Donald Trump: And when it got out of control, I got involved. I got our government energized. I called the National Guard and federal law enforcement, and we saved the cities of Minneapolis, Kenosha, Seattle, Chicago, and even Portland during some very, very bad times in those places. But then they wandered back to the past.

Donald Trump: But if I ever do it again, namely run for president and win, I would no longer feel obligated to do it that way. I would crack down on violent crime like never before, which is the way I would have liked to have done it the first time, but in a certain way, I'm glad I didn't. The easiest, simplest, most straightforward thing we can do to save thousands of American lives from violence is to hire more police, arrest more violent criminals, give them speedy trials, and get them into jail.

Donald Trump: And we've now seen what the Democrats do when they're left to run the cities. So, now it has to be done right. Over time, that will save tens of thousands of lives and billions and billions of dollars. Never forget the same people that are lecturing us about gun confiscation are the ones who are also taking cops off the street and letting criminals out of jail, knowing that it will get tens of thousands of Americans killed and killed rather quickly, unfortunately.

Donald Trump: You really wonder, do the Democrats even care? Now, the radical left Democrats are continuing to push to abolish cash bail and to strip our police officers of their qualified immunity. Just this week, the Biden administration announced new policies threatening to hold law enforcement officers liable not only for their misconduct but even for the misconduct of other officers a totally destructive policy that will only make our communities less safe.

Donald Trump: What officer is going to get involved if they think they can lose everything, their family, their pension, everything? It's crazy what's going on, not even thinkable. If Democrats truly care about stopping the bloodshed in America, the Biden administration's war on police must end, and it must end right now.

Donald Trump: We will no longer defund -- thank you. We will no longer -- I knew it had to happen. Who is that man? Stand up, please. Who is that? Had to happen. We will no longer defund the police, and we will no longer even mention defunding of the police. We will never mention it again. Great American heroes. And if allowed to do their job, they will do it like nobody else can.

Donald Trump: All of those crime statistics will be cut. So, in such a big way, you'll be so proud. You'll be so proud to be an American. When you see in Chicago, 80 people shot sometimes in a weekend, and many people dying, that's a war zone. When you see what's happening in other cities, it's just incredible. So, you'll be proud to be an American.

Donald Trump: Under a new Congress next year, we should pass legislation, strengthening qualified immunity for our police officers. We have to do that. Who would ever take a job without that? Think of it. Who would ever take a job? Ruin your life? Have one bad story that may be made up because a lot of the stories are made up. One bad made-up story and your life is over.

Donald Trump: Our law enforcement men and women do their duty to protect us, and we must do our duty to protect them. I have to do it. Earlier this week, the law enforcement officer who stopped the Texas shooter's rampage was reportedly a member of the group. Joe Biden has most viciously betrayed and demonized the heroes of Border Patrol.

Donald Trump: He was very brave. Every day, our amazing Border Patrol agents and ICE officers are risking their lives to keep our communities safe. And when we regain control of Congress, we must do that. Please, remember that. We can stop socialism and communism at one time. Wouldn't that be nice? We will once again give these great patriots the authority, the resources, and the respect they need and dearly deserve.

Donald Trump: They need this. They have to have it. But we need it. We need it more than they do. There can be no doubt that the crime crisis is fueled, in part, by the Biden border crisis, numbers of people coming in at levels that nobody's ever seen before, probably that no country has ever seen before. When I left office, we handed the new administration the most secure, by far, border in the history of the United States.

Donald Trump: We ended catch and release. We ended asylum fraud. We struck historic agreements with Mexico. Stay in Mexico. Is that a nice-sounding agreement? That is stay in Mexico. Biden immediately terminated stay in Mexico, along with pipelines and every other thing. And now congratulations, gasoline just hit in a lot of places today, $9.25. [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: We deported illegal alien gang members by the thousands, and we built nearly 500 miles of great, beautiful new border wall, the exact same specifications that the Border Patrol gave us. We got it built and then we started building more. We're going to add another 200. We were almost finished with that. And then lo and behold, they came in with a very bad election.

Donald Trump: Very bad, to put it mildly. They came in with a bad election, and they stopped building the border wall. And when Texas went to them and wanted to use the fencing that was already bought and paid for, and sitting there waiting just to go up would have taken three weeks to finish it, they took it away. They wouldn't give it to them.

Donald Trump: So, at least you know where they're coming from. We gave them the best border ever, and they turned it into the worst border nightmare of all time. And you are paying a very high price for that right here in Texas. You're paying a very high price. We had the greatest border, the most secure border in this country, in our country's history.

Donald Trump: Under Biden, it's always America last. One globalist sellout after another. It's America last. It's even reported that the Biden administration is considering putting UN bureaucrats in charge of your Second Amendment rights. [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: Just like I'm sure that most of you haven't heard this, but you know who's -- I terminated the Iran nuclear deal because it was a disaster. They want to go back into it. You know who's negotiating for us? Russia and China. How is that going to work out? Do you think that's going to work out good? Can you imagine Russia and China saying, "Do you believe this?

Donald Trump: He wants us to negotiate the deal for him." This is a sad day. This is one of the saddest times for our country that I've ever seen. They want to reenter the ridiculous UN arms trade treaty and pursuing a UN ban on lead ammunition. You know that because it's not environmentally friendly. Is there a substitute for lead?

Donald Trump: You people are better at this than me. Wayne, is there a -- where's Jason? Is there a substitute? They want to get rid of lead because it's environmentally unfriendly. The last time I appeared at this NRA Leadership Forum, I stood before you and I proudly signed a document revoking America's signature from the globalist UN disaster.

Donald Trump: Under my leadership, we never surrenders American sovereignty. We would never surrender American sovereignty. And we always put America first. I remember in the early weeks of the Biden administration, Biden said, "We're not going to stand for America first." Now, you know, even if you didn't agree with our policy, you can't say that.

Donald Trump: It is a great name, isn't it? America first? [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: The only thing better might be ultra MAGA. They gave us a great name. But compare that -- all of the things we talk about, we see, we feel, and many of the things we don't talk about, compare that with how great America was just two years ago. Think of it, there was no inflation. The war with Russia going into Ukraine would never, ever have happened -- would have never happened.

Donald Trump: I spoke to Putin about it, would have never, ever happened. He knew the consequences. He would have never done it. In fact, he didn't do it. Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd on Meet the Fake Press, do you ever hear of Meet the Fake Press or Deface the Nation in those shows? Ladies and gentlemen, it's President Donald Trump on Deface the Nation.

Donald Trump: But that really should be the name of these shows. But he was saying to Blinken, I believe he said, "How come this never happened with Trump?" Don't forget Georgia was given up by Bush. Hate to say it. Georgia was given up by Bush. Crimea was given up by Obama and Biden. I mean, we'll add Biden's name in that, if you don't mind.

Donald Trump: Nothing was given up by Trump. And then all of Ukraine essentially was given up by Biden because what do they have left? You know, with all the shooting, all the rockets -- every city is being leveled. What are they going to have? There's no win here for anybody. There's no win. This should have never been allowed to start.

Donald Trump: It would have 100% never started if we didn't have a rigged election. Would have never started in a million years. We had $1.87 per gallon gasoline. Think of that, $1.87, energy independence. And soon, we were going to have energy dominance. We were going to be bigger than Russia and Saudi Arabia combined to buy a lot.

Donald Trump: We were, on the way, going to be very, very soon. We were leaving Afghanistan with dignity and strength, not surrendered death and leaving $85 billion worth of beautiful brand-new equipment, giving it to the enemy. You know, they're tremendous arms dealer right now. They're selling most of it because -- how much do they need?

Donald Trump: They don't need that. So, they're selling it. They are the biggest arms dealer in many ways. I understand on many of the charts, they are No. 1. Think of it, $85 billion worth of brand-new stuff, helicopters, planes, goggles, everything. Well, it's a terrible thing. We had completely -- I believe that was the lowest point in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: The way we got -- I was the one that got it down to 2,000 soldiers. But we were going to keep Bagram. Bagram is this great airbase that was built many years ago at a cost of billions and billions, but we weren't keeping it for Afghanistan. We're keeping it because it's one hour away from where China makes their nuclear weapons.

Donald Trump: And we left in one night. Everybody was gone. They left the lights on. Think of it. The lights were all left on. The dogs were left behind, by the way, for those people that like dogs. But we left -- and they don't like dogs, you know that. They don't like dogs. They don't like them at all. But think of it. Just think of it. Billions and billions of dollars that took to build it years ago, and now China is going to occupy it very shortly if they don't already.

Donald Trump: We had a completely rebuilt military with the addition of Space Force, first time in 78 years that that's happened after Air Force. We had the Air Force was the last and now we have Space Force. And that's going to prove to be a very important group of people. And that's exactly what it's going to be. You know, they smiled when they saw it. They came in. You saw that?

Donald Trump: The young woman with the very red hair who's now working for MSDNC. You saw that, right? And she said, Space Force. And she started laughing. And the military just excoriated her. There was nothing funny about it. And now, everybody's admitting it was so important because Russia and China were way ahead of us in space, but they're not anymore.

Donald Trump: We had the biggest tax cuts and regulation cuts ever, the history of our country. And we had historic job numbers, 164 million people and so much more. We did so much more, even right to try. You know what that is? You're terminally ill. We gave a person the right to try new techniques, new things, new medicines.

Donald Trump: And many, many people are now alive and well because of right to try. And they didn't have to go to Asia. They didn't have to go to Europe, all over the world, or go home if they had no money and die. Right to try. They've been trying to get it for 56 years, and we got it done passed. Actually, we got it passed.

Donald Trump: Not as easy as you think. It sounds easy, but the drug companies didn't want it because they didn't want it on their record. The country didn't want it because they didn't want to get sued. Many different things. We got everybody to sign waivers, and we have it now, and we're saving thousands of lives. It's incredible what's happened.

Donald Trump: And what it is doing is telling the drug companies, frankly, up front and personal, whether or not something works, right? So, it's an amazing thing. But as a candidate, I was proud to receive the earliest endorsement in the entire history of the NRA. I tell you what, that was a very important thing. That was like getting into a great college.

Donald Trump: You say, "Boy, that feels good." Everybody wanted it. Don't forget, we had a total of 18 people running. And your leadership, in which I very much appreciated, Wayne and everybody else, they said, "We really like Trump." And that was before we were very much enmeshed in the campaign. People weren't sure how that was going to work out, but I can tell you it worked out very well for the NRA.

Donald Trump: So, we appreciate it. We appreciated the endorsement very much. And we got it the second time, too. We got 12 million more votes the second time. How about that? Somebody said, "How did you do the second time compared to the first?" Well, we did much better the second time, which is true. We got many more.

Donald Trump: We did. We got many more votes the second time than we did the first. But we got two of them. And if we do this again, we hope we're going to get a third, OK? That I can tell you. Thank you. Thank you to the leadership. Thank you. And as your president, I was proud to be the best friend that law-abiding gun owners have ever had in the White House.

Donald Trump: And we've been given that credential. Over four incredible years, we appointed nearly 300 federal judges to interpret the laws and the Constitution as written, including three great new Supreme Court justices. When the radical Democrats tried to use COVID to shut down gun stores during the pandemic, even as left-wing rioters burned down cities, I designated gun and ammunition retailers as critical infrastructure, kept those stores open.

Donald Trump: I canceled the Obama administration's exploitation of Social Security data to deny Americans their gun rights without due process of law, which was a big deal at the time. We ended Obama's enormous abuse of power, known as Operation Choke Point, under which government bureaucrats pressured banks to cut off services to firearms and the firearms industry.

Donald Trump: And we are optimistic that in the weeks to come, the Supreme Court will issue landmark rulings affirming that your rights to self-defense does not end when you step outside of your front door. And I think very importantly, as president, I stood up for America's hunters and fishers, and sportsmen like no administration since Teddy Roosevelt.

Donald Trump: He was good also, I will say. We expanded access to 1.4 million acres of public lands for hunting, fishing, and recreation. We gave the American people their land to back. It was taken away by government, and we stopped the Obama-era regulatory assaults on hunting, trapping, ammunition, and fishing gear.

Donald Trump: Everyone here today is united by one incredibly powerful bond, we are all citizens of the United States of America, the greatest country in the history of the world. But we're not so great anymore. We're going to make it great. We're going to make it greater than ever again, greater than ever again. Right now, we're not respected by other parts of the world, the leaders of the world.

Donald Trump: We're not respected. We've never been in a position like this. And I think it started with the border, but I actually really think it started more with the horrible surrender that we had in Afghanistan. Remember, I spoke with the head of the Taliban -- and some of the fake news that is here today with us, pleasure.

Donald Trump: Why is he speaking to the Taliban? Why? You know, when they asked Jesse James, "Why do you rob banks? "He said, "Because that's where the money is, right?" Why do I speak to the Taliban? And I did. I spoke to Abdul, who is still the leader of the Taliban. I said, "Very nice way. Don't ever kill any of our people. " Eighteen months we went, 18 months we went without one American soldier being killed until that tragic, tragic day.

Donald Trump: And I think that's actually what convinced Putin to go into Ukraine when he saw what was happening, when he saw the gross incompetence of what took place during that short period of time in Afghanistan. I think that's when he decided to go in. But he would have never done it. It's our citizenship that protects our birthright, our freedoms that belong to every American of every race, religion, color, and creed.

Donald Trump: No matter who we are or what our background in America is, we have the right to freedom of speech. We have the right to freedom of assembly, freedom of association, free and fair elections. And we have the right to very, very strong and powerful borders. I used to say, without borders, we don't have a country.

Donald Trump: Now, I say, without borders and proper elections, we don't have a country. We have a right to religious liberty. We have a right to the full, fair, and impartial rule of law. But also, we can never forget that we have a right to our Second Amendment, which is under siege. But we will prevail. We will prevail.

Donald Trump: As our Bill of Rights says in those clear and immortal words, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed in times of hardship, crisis, and turmoil. These core American freedoms have always been attacked by those who wish to turn citizens into subjects and take more power for themselves.

Donald Trump: But thankfully, our nation has always been blessed with Americans like you. You're incredible Americans in this room, patriots who know that our rights are given up, if we let somebody do the wrong thing. It's very simple. It's very precious. But we live by the hand of Almighty God, and that no government can ever be taken away from us. More than 150 years ago, the NRA was born out of the idea that ordinary citizens should be prepared to defend these incredible liberties.

Donald Trump: And throughout the generations, that is exactly what Americans have done over the decades. Tens of millions of people, moms and dads, grandfathers and grandmothers, farmers and factory workers, nurses and teachers, soldiers and lawmen have been proud CAD. And you know this, they have been so proud. I see it all the time.

Donald Trump: People show me their card. Here it is. They've been very proud. Card-carrying members of the NRA. "Sir, I have my NRA card." I say, "OK, good. What else is new?" You've got a lot of people out there. He has his Trump card. Thank you very much. You got a lot of people out there with that card. It's very important.

Donald Trump: And during that time, you've been led by a legion of American legends from great General Ambrose Burnside, who, you know, two of the great American hero, Ulysses S Grant, and, of course, that fearless patriot, the late, great American icon, Charlton Heston. Great movie actor, great movie star. Down throughout history, time and time again, hardworking citizens like you have answered the call to save American freedom.

Donald Trump: And now, together, we are going to save American freedom once again. We have no choice. We're going to have to do it again because right now we don't have American freedom. We are going to preserve our heritage. We are going to defend our rights. We are going to protect our communities, protect our schools, and protect our precious children.

Donald Trump: We are going to secure our liberties for ourselves and for every future generation. In 2022, we are going to vote for tough-on-crime pro-Second Amendment candidates in record numbers. Get out and vote. Make sure the voting is honest, by the way. Together, we're going to take back the House, we're going to take back the Senate.

Donald Trump: And in 2024, we are going to take back that great and beautiful White House that we love and cherish so much. [Audience chants " U.S. A."]

Donald Trump: And then, we're going to make America safer, freer, richer, stronger, prouder, and greater than ever before. To the incredible patriots, people of Texas, God bless you and God bless America. Thank you very much. Great honor. Thank you.