Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-political-rally-mesa-arizona-october-9-2022

Donald Trump: I wish those cameras, the fake news, I wish -- look at all of them up there. I wish -- I wish they'd turn around and show the crowd they never like to do it. That goes back as far as the eye can see. And I even see people way back. I just want to thank you. I just want to thank you and say hello, Mesa, and hello, Phoenix.

Donald Trump: We love Phoenix and we love the great state of Arizona. It's been really good. It's been -- we want it big, and we want it big a second time. The second time they didn't exactly give us a good count, but that's being worked on also, as you know, Uncle Sam, thank you very much for being here, the great Uncle Sam.

Donald Trump: It's wonderful to be back in Arizona with thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots. You are amazing people. This is a fantastic state. Thirty days from now, the people of Arizona are going to fire your radical and highly incompetent senator, Mark Kelly's grossly incompetent, and you're going to send desperately needed Blake Masters.

Donald Trump: Where's Blake? Where is Blake? Blake Masters to the U.S. Senate. He's a tremendous guy, and he's a smart one, too. And that's what you need. And you're going to make an incredible woman. Incredible. Kari Lake, your next governor. She's an incredible woman, incredible person. Look at the crowd that you drew, Kari.

Donald Trump: They're here for you and Blake and all of the Republicans. You're going to elect a truly amazing America-first Republican group of -- we're going to do a slate straight up and down. We don't want crime. We want a strong military. We want low taxes. We want great education. And we're going to end the crazy Nancy Pelosi's political career once and for all.

Donald Trump: She is crazy. Under Biden, Pelosi, Schumer, and the radical Democrat Congress, gasoline prices, congratulations, by the way, in Arizona, are up 86% in a very short period of time, and they're going higher. [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: You know, they're trying to take our strategic reserves that we built up so beautifully. And they're right now depleted, the lowest they've been in many, many decades. Nobody remembers them all. To get your gasoline prices down before an election the day after the election, you're going to be like a rocket ship.

Donald Trump: You know that. It's terrible. Inflation is costing the typical Arizona family almost $1,000 a month, think of that, over $11,000 a year. Household wealth has seen its largest drop ever recorded ever in the history of our country. Your border has been completely obliterated. The cartels and human traffickers have seen their income skyrocket since I left your beautiful border.

Donald Trump: They've seen it skyrocket, 2,000 -- Kari, 2,500%. That's what they're making, 2,500% more than -- than when we were in charge. You know, we had the safest border in the history of our country. [Audience member calls out "They don't know what they're doing"]

Donald Trump: If you want to stop the destruction of our country and save the American dream, our good old American dream, and we were talking about it a lot just two years ago, then you have to vote Republican up and down the line. And as bad as things are today, if the radical Democrats keep their grip on the House and Senate, your finances, your family, your community, and your country will never, ever be able to recover.

Donald Trump: You're not going to recover from this. Mark Kelly and the Democratic extremists will flood the country with tens of millions more illegal aliens. They'll ram them through, and they'll ram through things like mass amnesty. They want to give illegal aliens welfare, more welfare than American citizens, get more help than we give to our great veterans.

Donald Trump: They want to give free health care. I don't think anybody here has free health care. Anybody have free health care? [Audience responds "No"]

Donald Trump: And the right to vote far more than we gave to our military. Think of it more than we give to our military, more than we give to American citizens that have been outstanding and have worked so hard for our country. They'll abolish the filibuster, pack the Supreme Court, put left-wing federal bureaucrats in charge of corrupting every single election like they've been doing, gut the military, destroy our veterans, loot the Treasury, mutilate our children with gender insanity, and turn America into a third-world country. [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: And that's what's happening. Other than that, they're actually quite good. Do you agree? On November 8th, Arizona can reject this miserable fate for our nation by delivering a clean sweep of every statewide office for the Republican Party, right? Most of them are here. If they're not here, they are here.

Donald Trump: You can prove that Arizona is still a red state. And you are, you're a proud red state. You know, I came here, we did three rallies, 42,000, 44,0000, and 46,000. He came. He did one rally. He couldn't fill up eight circles. He put the press, he put the fake news media. That is a lot of media. Blake, Kari, look at all of them.

Donald Trump: But once we get critical of them, you'll see the cameras turn off and they'll start to head out. Hopefully, that'll be quickly. If we do not defeat the Radical Democrats in this election, the maniacs and the lunatics will be totally out of control, not that they're not already. Hello, everybody. Look at the -- look at that group of people.

Donald Trump: Oh, I see, I haven't seen this -- you people all have chairs. Who are these big shots over here? They all have chairs. Look at them. See, I think they should move the media back about 200 yards and let everybody -- that's what I would do. I have to scold my people. I have to scold my people. If you don't mind, would you, please, from now on, move the media back?

Donald Trump: They have good telescopic cameras. It won't matter. Because they blocked the view, all these people. But the good news is you'll never see it because they never want to show the crowds, they never want to show them. But you know what? You hear them like on television, on a lot of great stations right now, including we want to thank Newsmax.

Donald Trump: They've been great. They've all been right side has been fantastic. Rumble has been tremendous. All of them. Truth Social, the greatest of them all, Truth. But they've been great. They really have been great. And it's seen by millions and millions of people. Before our very eyes, Biden and his left-wing handlers are turning America into a police state after ignoring violent attacks on pro-life clinics.

Donald Trump: The Biden administration is rounding up pro-life activists. You see it happening and you see it happening nightly, although for the most part, they don't want to report it. First, they arrested the Catholic father of seven that you read about two weeks ago. And then, this week, they arrested pro-life grandparents with guns drawn, many people going into this small but well-kept and beautiful little house.

Donald Trump: Many people, FBI, going in to take a grandmother out of that house, putting them in jail, and protesting outside of abortion clinics and charging them with crimes punishable by up to 11 years in prison, 11 years. Blake, you're going to have to do something about this. Blake, we got to do something about this.

Donald Trump: Kelly isn't doing a thing about it. Kelly doesn't even know it's happening. And they're doing this to peaceful patriots at numbers that have never been seen before. And they have the right of free speech. And this is free. And really, you'd almost say it's free and silent speech. They're not doing anything wrong.

Donald Trump: These are incredible people. And they're being treated like -- like terrorists. They're being treated like drug lords. In fact, I must say, drug lords are treated much better. Nothing happens to them. Nothing happens to Antifa, nothing happens to BLM. But look at what happens to patriots. The Democrats are locking up their political opponents, spying on their political rivals, silencing dissent, and using the full force of government, law enforcement, and the media to try and crush the greatest movement in the history of America.

Donald Trump: It's the greatest movement, MAGA. It's called Make America Great Again. When Biden got up with a bad, sinister background and he talked about how bad MAGA was, I said, does anybody want to ask him if he understands what that means? MAGA, it means Make America Great Again. Every freedom-loving American needs to understand the time to stand up. Right now, we have to stand up. It's going to be too late.

Donald Trump: We've got to stop this growing tyranny, starting with the earth-shattering victory that you're going to have on November 8th. You have to go out and ideally vote. Ideally vote on November 8th, you know, the mail-in ballots, or sometimes they will say things like the fake mail-in ballots. But I don't want to say that because that's so controversial.

Donald Trump: But the mail-in ballots are just not as good as being out there on November 8th. You know that, Kari. Get out and vote on November 8th. It's harder for them to cheat. They cheat. They cheat. How do you know? They say it's a 50-50 parties, right? So, they're against God. They're against guns. They're against voter ID, voter ID. Why are they against voter ID? They're against confirmation that you happen to be a citizen of the United States.

Donald Trump: In other words, you can't confirm when you vote. They think that's horrible. It's crazy what they're getting away with. The only way evil will triumph for good men and women is when they do nothing. You know that. And these are good people. They do nothing. I think they feel they're lost. We can't be lost.

Donald Trump: We can't be lost. We don't have time. So, no matter what these left-wing radicals try next, no matter what they do to us, we have to keep on going. We have to keep on fighting because we are on a mission to restore our nation back to greatness. And you don't hear about greatness anymore. All you hear about is investigations.

Donald Trump: Every investigation -- I've been investigated now for seven years. I think a friend of mine said, "You have to be the most honest person in history," he said, "If they looked at me for more than two days, that's the end of my business." They've been after me for close to seven years. For six straight years, these witch hunts have been in full force.

Donald Trump: Witch hunts, hoaxes, and abuses have been coming at us at a fast and furious pace. Nobody -- you don't even have time to recover. You beat them and then you have to -- you take a breath and then they hit you again. These are dishonest people. These are people that don't love our country. They're people that don't love our country.

Donald Trump: First, we learned they spied on my campaign. How do you think it would be? Let's go back to Barack Hussein Obama. How do you think it would be if we as Republicans spied on his campaign, do you think? And they don't want to do it. Well, yeah. They spied. No, they spied on the campaign, and we caught them.

Donald Trump: So, let's see what's all going to happen. But they spied on my campaign. Then they lied to Congress many many times, lied to Congress, and then they lied to the FISA Court and created a fake dossier. Remember the dossier? How would you like to be me and go home to my great first lady and say, "First Lady, I want to tell you what they said in the dossier." And that would not work out too well for most of you men in the audience, right?

Donald Trump: And then it turned out to be a total fake. And one thing I will say about her, she said, "I don't believe it." I said, I said, "Oh, I'm glad about that." I'm very happy. No, but how about the things, you know, the things they said? Uncle Sam, you saw that, right? They said things all fake, all fake, made up by bad people.

Donald Trump: And it was done and paid for by crooked Hillary Clinton, the Democrat National Committee, and the Democrat Party in conjunction, in conjunction with Russia. They said Russia, Russia, Russia about me. And they were working with Russia. This could only happen to Trump. And yet, after all that, these same people came after me. So, they spy on my campaign and then they come after Trump.

Donald Trump: Remember, it was Russia, Russia, Russia, Ukraine, Ukraine, Ukraine, and then it was the Mueller witch hunt where the conclusion was no collusion. Think of that. The conclusion was no collusion. Do you think Biden could say that? I don't think so. Think of that, conclusion was no collusion. That was a tough one.

Donald Trump: And he couldn't. And then it was -- after that, impeachment hoax number. Remember this, impeachment hoax? Perfect phone call, just like we had in Georgia, we had a perfect phone call. Everybody was happy with it. Impeachment hoax number one. Impeachment hoax number two, the censorship of the Biden family corruption story.

Donald Trump: Remember the laptop from hell? As Russian disinformation by the FBI in cooperation with Facebook and the media, which they all knew wasn't true. They knew it. It wasn't true. But they wanted to censor it. They wanted to keep it quiet until after the election. And pollsters have said it would have made as much as a 17-point difference in the polls.

Donald Trump: We didn't need 17 points. We didn't need one point. All we needed was an honest election. We didn't need anything. And now it's the Unselect Committee of political hacks and thugs. And that's a scam. And it's also really appalling misconduct by the racist and incompetent New York State attorney general. She's a racist and she's incompetent.

Donald Trump: Her name is Letitia Peekaboo James, who's presiding over record numbers of murders, rapes, drug deals, and every other form of crime in our once-great New York State, not great anymore, people are fleeing New York because of crime, but only spends her time in getting elected. Let's go after Trump. Oh, you saw the clip.

Donald Trump: Let's go after Trump. Maybe I can get elected. She knew nothing about me. Never heard of her. She ran for governor and failed badly. She got almost nothing. Now she's running again for attorney general with a record of massive crime, the likes of which New York state has never seen before. She's down in the polls, losing to a strong crime fighter.

Donald Trump: That's what we need is a strong Republican crime fighter. Who would ever want to vote for somebody like her, so corrupt and so bad on violent crime? We need people that are going to fight crime. We need a safe country again. Peekaboo wants to defund the police, hates the people of law enforcement, and will never do anything about the massive New York State crime wave taking place before our very eyes.

Donald Trump: Likewise, a local left-wing district attorney in Atlanta is after me for an absolutely perfect phone call. I think even more perfect than the one I made in Ukraine, if that's possible. That was made about election integrity. You know, if you call today about election integrity, call up the secretary of state about election integrity, they say, "Oh, that's such a terrible thing." No, it's called free speech.

Donald Trump: And despite the fact that Atlanta, on a per capita basis, has more murders and crimes than any other city in the country, including Chicago, nobody knows that, and yet they're looking at a phone call that I made, which was absolutely perfect about election integrity. That's what they're spending their money on, their time on, and nobody is being taken care of, and Atlanta is a crime city like just about no other city in the world.

Donald Trump: It has gone strictly third world, Atlanta has. All of these local Democrat-run cases are being directed by Washington, I have no doubt about it. We have a weaponized Department of Justice and FBI on everything, including, of course, the break-in of my home. And the so-called documents -- we call it the document hoax case because we have to come up just like impeachment hoax number one, impeachment hoax number two, we have the document hoax case.

Donald Trump: Or we could call it the warehouse case because many other presidents stored their millions of pages of stuff in unsecured warehouses, some of them without front doors that worked properly. Just look at how every other president has been treated when they left office. They've been treated beautifully. All they need to do is leave office and they get treated beautifully.

Donald Trump: They've been given the time needed and complete deference when it came to their documents and to their papers. There was no criminality. There was no, oh, we're going to get him, we're going to get him. And the people are the same people that have been working on this for six years. Barack Hussein Obama moved more than 20 truckloads, over 33 million pages of documents, both classified and unclassified, to a poorly built and totally unsafe former furniture store located in a rather bad neighborhood in Chicago.

Donald Trump: You know about that, right? They just found that out. What do you think of that, Kari? It's a little double standard, perhaps. George W. Bush, or RINO, but that's OK, stored 68 million pages in a warehouse in Texas. Think of that. And, oh, excuse me, he lost 22 million white House emails covering the Iraq invasion, which was one of the dumbest things that this country has ever done, one of the dumbest things.

Donald Trump: What did we get out of it? Other than death and a loss of massive numbers of great, great young people, what did we get out of it? And we really obliterated a big part of the world. We got nothing out of it. They're still looking for those 22 million pages. Bill Clinton took millions of documents from the White House to a former car dealership in Arkansas, kept classified recordings in his sock.

Donald Trump: Did you know about that? They say he left the White House with recordings in his sock, and they found them in his sock drawer, and they didn't find him. He found him, I guess. I don't know, somebody found him, but they were in the sock drawer. And the National Archives, which is the NARA, it's called, lost an entire hard drive full of information from the Clinton White House.

Donald Trump: I wonder what that information was. Bill Clinton also lost the nuclear codes, and nobody complained. Trump didn't lose the nuclear codes. I could tell you more about nuclear codes. I rebuilt our nuclear arsenal, not that I wanted to, but because we had no choice. When you see what's going on right now and we'll end up in a war with the incompetence and the way we're handling this, we'll end up in a world war.

Donald Trump: Jimmy Carter sent the nuclear codes to his dry cleaner. You know that, right? And almost as bad. Nothing happened, though. Nobody said, oh, we're going to get him, we're after we're going to prosecute Jimmy Carter. He sent the nuclear codes to his dry cleaner. And they never got them back. They're still looking for them, but they're looking, you know, how many years ago was it? And almost as bad, Hillary deleted 33,000 emails under congressional subpoena, acid wash them, and then pounded her telephones with hammers, making them unrecognizable to the human eye.

Donald Trump: Meanwhile -- [Audience chants "Lock her up"]

Donald Trump: Thank you. Meanwhile, George H.W. Bush took millions and millions of documents to a former bowling alley, piece together with what was then a old and broken Chinese restaurant. They put them together. And it had a broken front door and broken windows. Other than that, it was quite secure, and there was no security.

Donald Trump: And they didn't have these great Secret Service people who are great, by the way. They're great. They don't get enough credit. They don't get enough credit. They don't get enough credit. By contrast, I had a small number of boxes in storage at Mar-A-Lago, guarded by Secret Service and my people and everybody.

Donald Trump: I mean, it's safe when you look at these other people, what they did. And the FBI raided my home and violated my Fourth Amendment rights and many other rights. And under the socks decision, this is a very important decision that was made, the court, the socks decision, because, again, it had to do with Bill Clinton and his socks, there is no crime, you know, there is no crime.

Donald Trump: It's not a crime. And they should give me immediately back everything that they've taken from me because it's mine. It's mine. They took it from me in the raid. They broke into my house. But, you know, the good news is everyone saw it. Would you believe my poll numbers went up? We have the best poll numbers I've ever had.

Donald Trump: I don't know, I think I'm the only one where the FBI breaks into your house, probably illegally, in my opinion, illegally, and your poll numbers go up. That doesn't happen to too many people, Blake. Likewise, under the Presidential Record Act, everything should come back. All should come back. And under the Presidential Records Act, there is no crime.

Donald Trump: You sit, you negotiate, you talk. In many cases, you talk for a long period of time. That's what we were doing. The National Archives put a trigger warning on the Constitution of the United States. Did you know that? And the Bill of Rights and other great documents that we have in our country, founding documents, considering them to be dangerous.

Donald Trump: They consider the Constitution to be dangerous. These are radical left lunatics, and they lose documents. They plant documents. Let's see, is there a book on nuclear destruction or the building of a nuclear weapon cheaply, let's put that box -- let's put that book in with Trump. No, they plant documents. I mean, they have a terrible reputation.

Donald Trump: Look at the kind of things -- this is just a small part what I've read. And who would want to be with them? We're safer in that Chinese restaurant that we just mentioned, to be honest. When will they investigate and prosecute Bill Clinton, Hillary Clinton, George Bush, and look into what took place with George Bush's father and the warehouse of documents had by Barack Hussein Obama?

Donald Trump: And I don't think they'll do it. And you know what? I don't think they should do it. I don't think they should do it. But the radical left thinks by doing all of these sinister and venomous things, they're making us weaker. But actually, they are making us stronger and much more unified than we've ever been before.

Donald Trump: We now have a two-tiered system of justice, and it's got to stop because the people of our country are angry. The people of our country are very unhappy with what's going on. In fact, the people of our country are very sad. They don't like to see this. What they want to do is make America great again and to put America first.

Donald Trump: That's what they want to do. It's very simple. And they want this radical left charade that goes on endlessly for years to stop. Many powerful, influential people tell me you must sue the government and the prosecutors for prosecutorial misconduct and, frankly, for violating your own civil rights and liberties.

Donald Trump: And it's, you know, a lot of truth to that. Who the hell lives like this? They've been doing this to me for years, ever since I came down the golden escalator in Trump Tower. No other president has ever been treated like this. And I'm not complaining because you know what? I'm doing a great job for the people of our country, and that's what it's all about. [Audience chants "USA"]

Donald Trump: Got to bring our country back. But now they're leaking that, they may actually be charging. Hunter Biden, remember? Do you remember? Remember? Where's Hunter? Where's Hunter? Half a million dollars a painting. You know, great artists come into the White House because they're supposed to be painting my picture for the White House.

Donald Trump: These are great, talented people. There's a list of, like, 30 that are acceptable. And you ask them how much for a picture? You know, I like to negotiate, right? I don't even know who pays. I think the government pays. I'll pay. But how much? And it's very little money, actually. And then you hear Hunter Biden gets $500,000 to take a can of paint and throw it against a piece of canvas, but not do it himself.

Donald Trump: You know, he has other people do it, I imagine. But they may actually be charging Hunter Biden with very minor charges relative to crimes committed, and that's really up to them. But are they actually doing this charade to continue targeting me and our movement? It sounds to me like they're doing it so they can say, well, you know, we're treating everyone fairly.

Donald Trump: No, they're not they're not treating us fairly. And they have to be very careful because it can come around, you know, it can come around and snip them. They have to be very very careful what they're doing. They're playing a game that's never been played to this extent in our country. They're coming after me because I fight for you and I fight for America, and because we are leading big in every single poll and winning all across our country, both against Republicans and against Democrats.

Donald Trump: We're leading against everybody. Thank you, thank you. We're leading by numbers that nobody's ever seen before. That includes Republicans. We got some Republicans. They say, oh, we want to run. You let him run. Who the hell cares? We're leading by so much. And it's incredible with all of this, what they're trying to do is take us out so that we can't represent you if we decide to do that.

Donald Trump: But we'll be making a decision very soon. And I think everyone's going to be happy, I really do. The radical left is no longer about socialism; it's about communism. We've skipped over socialism, I think, and that's where our country is headed. And I predicted this would happen a long time ago. When I felt it, I felt it in my blood.

Donald Trump: I just felt it in my bones and blood that we are in for a period of time because we have people that truly either they hate our country -- they are competent, look, they are competent. We can't say they're dummies, but they are sick. You know, Shifty Schiff, shifty Adam Schiff, shifty Adam Schiff. I mean, I tell this story every once in a while.

Donald Trump: I have a son who's a very good young man. He's been through hell with all these investigations. He thought he was going to just help the country. Don Jr., does anyone know Don Jr.? So, it's now come out that the fake dossier, the dossier was a total put-up fake job done by the Democrats and Hillary, right, DNC, in conjunction with Russia.

Donald Trump: So, it's now fake. In fact, the Times admitted it. The Washington Post admitted it, even stupid CNN. Nobody watches them anymore because they have no ratings. But they -- a lot of great guys are being thrown off CNN. I love watching. But -- but everybody now says it was a fake and Adam Schiff was in on it. But I see Adam Schiff a few years ago come out to the microphone just like this.

Donald Trump: Now think of this. He helped devise a fake scheme. So, he has a fake scheme, and he comes out to the microphone, and he knows it's a lie. And he said, "I have just witnessed horrible, horrible events and a horrible document. And I believe Donald Trump Jr. will be serving time in prison in the very near future.

Donald Trump: Now, think of this. How bad are you when you tell somebody, anybody, I don't care, president or not president, somebody's son is going to go to jail, and you know it's a hoax, you know it's fake? Uncle Sam, do you agree with that? Now think of it. You know it's a hoax, and he's saying that my son is going to jail on something.

Donald Trump: These are bad people. These are sick degenerates. If the Democrats win, the communists win, and soon they will send their thugs, their criminals, their angry left-wing prosecutors, and their 87,000 new IRS agents who are allowed to carry guns, you know that, right, after you. And it's interesting because, you know, they're fighting against our Second Amendment.

Donald Trump: No guns, nobody has -- nobody can have guns. And yet 87,000 IRS agents are allowed to have guns. Explain that one. If Republicans win, the communists lose, the globalist lose, the deep state bureaucrats lose, the Silicon Valley censors lose, the corrupt fake news media bosses lose, and the RINOs lose, but America wins and wins big.

Donald Trump: And that's the only thing that will matter. It's the only thing that will matter. This election is your chance to send a strong message to all of the arrogant left-wing radicals who want to dictate what you can say and what you can think, and how you are supposed to lead your lives with your families. With your vote, you can humiliate Joe Biden, not that he hasn't been humiliated enough, the media, and the corrupt Democrat machine.

Donald Trump: And you can declare that America will always remain a free and fair country. You can take the five worst presidents in American history and put them together, and they would not have done the damage Joe Biden has done to our nation in less than two short years. Think of it. Look at look at what's happened.

Donald Trump: We're like a totally different country than we were two years ago. Two years ago, we were respected by the world. Today, we're a joke. When Biden hears me speak, he knows he can't fight back in any other way than to try and get me through the prosecutors or some weird act. Except I'm innocent. It's always good to be innocent, right?

Donald Trump: Because if I wasn't, I would have been out of here years ago. It's been going on for years. In fact, my son, I said the other night, I have a wonderful son, Eric, I think he's received more subpoenas from the United States Congress than any human being in the history of the world. He's a great guy. He wants to just do his job.

Donald Trump: And every day, every week, every month, he gets hit with a subpoena from Schiff and from Nancy Pelosi is crooked as hell. Look at her stocks. I mean, she did better than Warren Buffett. I don't know about her husband. I don't know who the hell is running that deal. But how? And now she doesn't want to change it where they're allowed to get inside information.

Donald Trump: Joe Biden can't speak clearly. He can't think clearly. So, he tells law enforcement, you got to do something about this guy Trump, he's killing me. Take a look at this. You'll see. See, you just take a look. You're not even going to believe. [Audience boos, chants "Joe has got to go"]

Donald Trump: So, during the course of four great years, despite all of these witch hunts, we did so much. But one of the things that I got to learn a lot about were the leadership of other countries, [Audience chants "USA"]

Donald Trump: But we did much better in 2020. You know, The New York Times came, and they were talking to me, "What was the difference between 2016 and 2020?" I said, "Well, the difference was that we did much better in 2020." Oh, you did really? They did -- they didn't understand that, no. We got millions more votes like 12 million or something.

Donald Trump: What it was it, Mr. Wall, stand up. Mr. Wall does anything. Irving Wall, I love that jacket. I'm going to wear that jacket someday. The only difference is we didn't use brick. We used steel because it's stronger and you can see through. We needed see through. We listened to the Border Patrol. But first, we have to win a historic victory for the Republican Party this November.

Donald Trump: Job number one for Republican Congress is to stop the invasion. And that's what it is, it's like a military invasion. In many ways, it's worse because with military, you can stop them with force. These people are coming through totally unencumbered. But we have to stop the invasion on our southern border.

Donald Trump: In August, an illegal alien criminal was sentenced for walking into a convenience store right here in Mesa, taking out his gun, killing 21-year-old clerk, a wonderful young man, because he wanted a pack of cigarettes. In New Mexico, an illegal alien criminal out of jail on unsecured bond was charged with decapitating a man, mutilating his body, and kicking his head around a field as though it were a soccer ball.

Donald Trump: It was a soccer ball in a public park. He was playing with his head as though it were a soccer ball. And in June, an illegal alien brutally assaulted two brave Border Patrol agents near Tucson and tried to strangle one of them to death, very very closely came to succeeding. We're honored to be joined today by the president of the National Border Patrol Council, a great gentleman, a tough man.

Donald Trump: He was with me from the beginning. I'm not even sure he was allowed to be, but he was because he knows what we need in this country is border safety and border security. His name is Brandon Judd. Brandon, where is Brandon? Where's Brandon? I love this guy. I love -- come here, Brandon. Just fast. Come on, Brandon.

Donald Trump: We're not here for Brandon but get up here. Come on. And we have another great guy. He's always been so helpful along with all of Brandon's people. Tom Homan. Have you ever seen his central casting? Where's Tom? I love Tom Homan. What a job. You put these guys in charge, you'll have it solved very quickly.

Donald Trump: Say a few words.

Brandon Judd: Hello. What can we say about Donald Trump that hasn't already been said? Best president in our history, in our history, 45-year lows, illegal immigration was dropped to 45-year lows. We were able to go after the criminal cartels. We were able to drop the drugs that were coming into the United States under this president, more than we ever had.

Brandon Judd: Republican, Democrat, it didn't matter, this president did more in our lifetime to save your children, your children, your grandchildren than anybody else. And yet, and yet he's constantly, constantly, they go after him. Those people back there go after him constantly. [Audience boos]

Brandon Judd: Yeah, exactly. Look, we got some great people. Please stand up. All my guys back there. Art del Cueto right there. And let me tell you, the president is here campaigning. The president is here campaigning for some great people. Kari Lake got to win, have to win. She's got to. Yeah, exactly.

Brandon Judd: Blake Masters, he has to win. Abe, Abe has to win, and Mark has to -- has to win. But more importantly, we need this guy to run. 2024, 2024 will be the greatest, the greatest year in politics ever. President, thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Wow. Am I glad I asked him to come up? That was -- that was very good. Thank you, Brandon. Thank you to all the folks that are with you. Thank you very much. Great job you do. They do such a great job. And that includes ICE. ICE is so incredible. They're tough. They're great, great people.

Donald Trump: ICE also and law enforcement, period. If we're going to make America great again, we have to make America safe again. It's very simple. Brandon understands that. Tom Homan understands that. Under the radical left Democrats, our country has become a cesspool of crime. Much of the crime wave is caused by drug dealers who, during the course of their lives, will kill an average of 500 American citizens.

Donald Trump: One person will kill, on average during his or her lifetime, 500 people. So, I'm calling for the death penalty for drug dealers and human traffickers, which will, upon its passage, reduce drug distribution in crime by more than 75%. If it's meaningful -- if it's a meaningful bill, 75% down in one day, it'll end.

Donald Trump: I tell the story about my meeting with President Xi, and I said to him, "Do you have a drug problem?" And he looked at me like what the hell is he talking about? Of course not. He said, "No, we have no drug problem," 1.5 billion, they don't have a drug problem. I said, "What do you what do you think? You don't have it?" And he -- he talked about -- as I said, he talked about the fact that they have quick trials, they have quick trials.

Donald Trump: And -- and he said drug dealers, if they want to sell drugs, it's OK, but they're not selling them in China, and they're not selling them in Singapore, and they're not selling them in certain other countries where they have no drug problem whatsoever. So, we have to consider that. I don't know, I haven't asked Brandon and Homan and all these people, but I assume you're probably OK with that, right?

Donald Trump: You know he's a very soft guy. I'm not sure he may -- I think you're probably OK. You want to stop the problem? You know, we have blue ribbon committees. We put blue ribbon committees out there, Brandon, right? Local dilettantes, local socialites. And we have the blue-ribbon committee to stop drug distribution in the United States.

Donald Trump: And they just want to get a little publicity for themselves. They don't do anything. We need the death penalty if you want to have a meaningful, right? So, we'll -- we'll do that. I think he'll do that. Well, Sheriff Joe Arpaio is here today. Isn't Sheriff Joe -- where is Sheriff Joe? Look at Sheriff Joe.

Donald Trump: Oh, look at -- whoa! [Audience alls out "Go, go, Sheriff Joe"]

Donald Trump: This guy, you know, Sheriff Joe, he knew borders better than anybody in the history of our country. He looks at what's happened to your state, to Arizona, with guys like Kelly that don't have a clue. They're weak and incompetent. And Joe, who's tough as hell -- sometimes too tough, but we'll forgive you for that, Joe.

Donald Trump: I mean, the pink underwear was a little bit rough, the pink tents, but that's OK. We've heard it worse than that. We've heard a worse than that. But we had no border problem, Joe, did we, huh? No, we had no border problem today. Those same people just pouring in at levels nobody's ever seen. But I want to thank you, Joe, because you suffered greatly.

Donald Trump: That was very unfair what they did to you. You know, I had the privilege of giving Joe a pardon, a complete and total pardon. That means if you know what the power is, and if you know what that means, that means that Sheriff Joe Arpaio is the cleanest one here with all these politicians. He's cleaner than any of them.

Donald Trump: He's even cleaner than Kari. I hate to say, Kari, he's that cleanest guy you can have. So, Joe, thank you very much. Great job, great job. Really, we appreciate it. You look fantastic. I got to know him. I got to know his incredible late wife who kept him in check. She kept you in check, right, Joe? But she was great.

Donald Trump: The first step to restoring public safety is defeating the Radical Democrats this November. And that starts with throwing out your extremist senator but a weak man, Mark Kelly. Mark Kelly claims he's tried his best to secure the border, but in fact, for the past two years, Mark Kelly has been deciding -- and he's been that deciding 50th vote to rubber stamp every Biden, Pelosi, Schumer bill.

Donald Trump: And they ram them right through Congress. He never fights anything, and he doesn't fight to get safety for your border. It's not like he's fighting on the positive. He could do that, I guess. Kelly could have stopped the border nightmare with a snap of his fingers, but he didn't want to get involved. Kelly voted against money for border agents.

Donald Trump: Did you hear that, Brandon? I don't think he's got your vote, right? He voted against money for you people. That's not good. And yet he voted for 87,000 of those IRS agents carrying guns. He voted no on the border wall. He voted against my Remain in Mexico. How good was that? I said to -- I said to the president of Mexico, "No, no, no, you have to do two things.

Donald Trump: We need 28,000 Mexican soldiers while I'm building the wall." "No, no, no, no, we're not doing that. I said, "Yes, you are. And then, you also need one other thing, Remain in Mexico," because they remain in the United States and then they never leave, right? So, we built a very strong military force, but he said no. And I get along with him great.

Donald Trump: I really like him. He is a socialist, by the way, but that's OK. You know, they're a nice socialist. I really do like him, the president of Mexico. He's great, great guy. But he said, "No, we're not giving you 28,000 soldiers." I said, "Yes, you are, and you have to give us 28,000 soldiers. We need them because people are pouring through your country and coming into our country.

Donald Trump: You can't do that and remain in Mexico. We want them to stay in your country so that we can check them out, and on occasion, somebody will be approved. Otherwise, they have to go back to the country from which they came, especially with criminal records." And we sent hundreds of thousands back, and it was going well, really good.

Donald Trump: But he said, "I won't do it." I said, "Well, if you're not doing it, I'm going to sign right on my desk. Right now, I have a signed tariff agreement that charges Mexico 25% for every car and every product it makes coming into the United States," which would have amounted to billions and billions of dollars a year, Blake.

Donald Trump: And he said, "On the other hand, I would love to supply you with 28,000 soldiers. And I feel extremely good about letting these criminals remain in Mexico. We would love to have all of these MS-13 gang members remain in Mexico." You just ask Tijuana. Ask the mayor of Tijuana. Was he happy with Trump? I don't think he's going to like me too much, but he voted yes on deadly sanctions.

Donald Trump: That's Kelly deadly. And sanctuary cities are all over the place. He's always voting for sanctuary. That's basically where you're supporting -- I would say, Brandon, that's basically where you're supporting and sheltering criminals for the most part. There's nothing good about sanctuary cities. Kelly voted for every inflation-causing socialist spending bill.

Donald Trump: He voted to raise your taxes by $326 billion. He voted against the Keystone XL pipeline, which I -- which I approved in my first day. It was started and then Biden knocked it out. Nobody knows why. He doesn't know why either. He was told to do it. He voted to drain the Strategic National Petroleum Reserve.

Donald Trump: He co-sponsored a nationwide ban on voter ID. Why doesn't he want voter ID? We'd like to see -- you know, when you had the Democrat National Convention in Milwaukee, in order to get in, you had a card bigger than a large man's chest, picture, fingerprints, your social security, everything. It was the biggest identification.

Donald Trump: It was voter ID. You couldn't get into the Democrat National Convention unless you wore this monster. It was almost like a vest. It kept you warm. It was so big. And yet they don't want voter ID. Now they don't want voter ID, Kari, for one very simple reason - because they want to cheat. It's the only reason.

Donald Trump: There's no other reason. He voted to push critical race theory on pre-K and elementary students, and he voted for extreme late-term abortion in the 40th week or beyond. Think of this. Like the wacko governor of Virginia recently, the last Democrat governor, where he said that you can have abortion at any time, even beyond the ninth month.

Donald Trump: Think of that. So, you can have abortion during and beyond the ninth month. And he said, what you'll do is you'll sit down with your doctor and decide, and in some cases, the baby will be born, and then you essentially will execute the baby. This is what their plan is. Now, I happen to believe that we have the states do that, I tell you, if you look at Ginsburg, if you look at many others.

Donald Trump: But I also believe strongly in the three exceptions like Ronald Reagan. Ronald Reagan believed in the exceptions, and I believe in the three exceptions. And I think it's very -- I think it's very important. But they are the ones radical and Bush because they're bringing it up to beyond -- essentially beyond the ninth month.

Donald Trump: And you can't do that. Rape, incest, the life of the mother, those three exceptions. And you have the 15 weeks, some people say the 16 weeks. And you bring it back into the States. And this is where it should have been. Great -- actually, even great Democrat jurists felt it has to be with the states, so that'll work out.

Donald Trump: But the radicals are really -- and somebody had to explain it. I said maybe I'll do it today, the radicals of them, because they'll kill the baby in the ninth month or beyond. And we can't let that happen. No country in the world lets that happen, there's not a country in the world. So, Arizona -- and they use that just as a fake excuse because they're going to lose big on crime.

Donald Trump: They're going to lose big on the economy. They're losing on almost everything. They lose on the military. Law enforcement hates them. They wanted to defund your police. So, they have nothing going. So, they thought maybe when the Supreme Court voted this way, they could use that as an issue. But it turns out, really, when you know about the real issue, it's very bad.

Donald Trump: So, I've done the best I can to explain it, but I really believe that it's something that -- and many people do, you bring it back to the States. I happen to like the exceptions. Other people disagree with that, but it all gets worked out. And what really, I think, you're going to vote for this time is crime and the economy and inflation and all of the horrible things that are happening to our country because our country has never been so low.

Donald Trump: And Arizona, you need to vote this extreme radical leftist Mark Kelly out of office. Earlier this week, Blake Masters -- Blake Masters, you know, I got to see it a little later. I got to watch it last night. Who the hell was the third guy? There was some guy who kept interrupting. That's all right. I don't want to hurt him because he actually sort of liked Trump.

Donald Trump: So, let me take that back, please. I'll take it back, OK? He seemed like a nice man. But it was a little disconcerting. But I got to watch the debate and Blake Masters absolutely annihilated Mark Kelly in their debate. Blake has had a tremendously successful career in a very complicated business of technology.

Donald Trump: He's a brilliant mind and a very brave heart and a patriot. And he's exactly the kind of new blood we need in the United States Senate. We need new blood. We need strong blood. We got to get rid of some of these RINOs, get them the hell out. Many times, the RINOs are worse than the Democrats because you don't know where they're coming from.

Donald Trump: But we figured it out. Blake will make it his mission to restore the sovereign borders of Arizona and to protect the job safety and well-being -- being of the people of your state, right, Blake? I think you're going to. That's something so important to Blake. I've spent a lot of time with Blake, and he is really a patriot and he's a very smart guy.

Donald Trump: He's a tireless champion for free speech, election integrity, and for putting America first. So, I would like to have Blake Masters come up just for a minute and say hello. He's already spoken, but say hello, and I hope you get out and vote for Blake. He's going to be great. Thank you, thank you.

Blake Masters: Well, thank you, Mr. President. How much do we miss this guy? I mean, my gosh, really, do you ever just stop to think, how much better were we off just two or three years ago? We had a secure border. Crime was under control. You could actually afford to live. Prices were pretty low.

Blake Masters: Gas was $2. It was good.

Blake Masters: Let me tell you what. That doesn't happen by accident. That happened because of President Trump and his America First policies. It is that simple. And then what happened? Joe Biden happened. [Audience boos]

Blake Masters: Mark Kelly happened. [Audience boos]

Blake Masters: Just 22 months later, everything's on fire. Our southern border is a disaster. Crime keeps going up. The cost of groceries, actually, the cost of every single thing you need to live keeps going up and up and up. But you know what? We the people, we the people are waking up. We saw what successful leadership looks like.

Blake Masters: Looks a lot like President Trump. And now we see every day what failed Democrat leadership looks like. And so, the choice is clear. President Trump saved this country once. I can't wait to see him do it again. What do you think? Thank you, thank you.

Donald Trump: What a great job. Great job. [Audience chants "We want Blake"]

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Blake. That was great. You're going to win, Blake. You're going to win. You know, we talk about conservative. It's really common sense. What we need is common sense more than anything else. Blake, you're going to do great. This election day, you also have the chance to elect an America First all-star, a friend of mine.

Donald Trump: She's unbelievable as your governor. Her name is Kari Lake. Arizona could not ask -- [Audience chants "Kari"]

Donald Trump: No, you're so lucky. I see some of the people running in other places. I say, boy, is Arizona lucky. You're so lucky. But Arizona could not ask for a governor with more energy, passion, toughness, brilliance, brilliance, and determination to secure your borders, and stop violent crime, and keep the radical Marxists away from your kids, and restore election integrity.

Donald Trump: She's so strong on election, she knows what happened, and bring jobs and the opportunity. We want opportunity back for your state. Your state is taking a hit. Your gasoline prices are second right now. Think of it, second to California. You're going way over $5 and you're going to go up to $7, $8, $9. And I've been predicting it's happening.

Donald Trump: Kari will get up every single day. She will fight the media. She will fight and stand up to the Biden administration, and she will truly deliver for Arizona. When Kari wins this November, the media's heads will absolutely explode. So, that in itself will be interesting to watch. That will be interesting to watch.

Donald Trump: Now, Kari's running against a hard-core leftist with absolutely no talent, with no personality, with no charisma, with no leadership ability. Her name is Katie Hobbs. She's a disaster. She's an open borders fanatic who denies there's even a small problem at the border. She was on the other day, "I don't think we have a problem at the border." In other words, you have no choice.

Donald Trump: You have to get her out. She tried to defund the border strike force. She hates people like Brandon. She hates people like you, Brandon. I can't. That means I don't like her right there. She doesn't like Border Patrol. She doesn't like ICE. She doesn't like law enforcement. She supported Biden's repeal of my Title 42 protections.

Donald Trump: That's where if you're not feeling too great, you don't come into our country. We did that during the China virus. I want to be accurate in my description of what it was. She opposes the wall. She voted to preserve sanctuary cities at a level that nobody -- nobody fought harder than her for these sanctuary cities.

Donald Trump: And they're killing your state, killing our country. Katie Hobbs is proudly endorsed by three different defund the police groups. You know that all the police officers. I got to take pictures with them out there. These are great people, strong guys. Some of their hands, they got fingers like this, like that.

Donald Trump: I said, don't squeeze too tight, please, OK, a hand. My hand still hasn't recovered from shaking hands with them. These are great people. And by the way, we have to give them back their respect. We have to give them back their authority. Katie Hobbs will defund the police. Kari Lake will defund the cartels.

Donald Trump: Katie Hobbs voted against a law to protect off-duty police officers, that's including ICE and Border Patrol, from assault. And she voted to start sex education in kindergarten. That's pretty young. And just this morning, she confirmed that she supports completely unrestricted abortion. In other words, nine months and beyond.

Donald Trump: Think of it. You put the baby aside and then you execute the baby. That's -- take a look at Virginia, take a look at what happened with your past Democrat governor, who was a total whack job. We call him, remember, Michael Jackson. He said he imitated Michael Jackson when he put the black face on, right? Can you imagine if I did that?

Donald Trump: I don't think I'd -- I don't think I would. It wouldn't work too well. He got through it. He put black face on and then he wanted to try and do the moonwalk. And thank God for him, his wife stopped him. He was going to do a moonwalk to these totally crazy people. Look at all of them back there. I can't. And they're not leaving.

Donald Trump: That means we haven't been rough enough on them today. They're not leaving. That's a lot of press. Well, I hope they're here for Blake and for Kari. And I hope you're going to say how great they are. No, he wanted to imitate Michael Jackson by doing a moonwalk across the stage. And I was with a man named Baryshnikov once, and he said, you know the truth, as great a dancer as he was, one of the greatest, probably the greatest ever, he said nobody could moonwalk like Michael Jackson.

Donald Trump: And this governor wanted to try and imitate Michael. That would have been a disaster. But his wife said, no, don't do it. She saved him. Last but not least, Katie Hobbs has been a disaster for election integrity. She's a crusader for rigged elections who fought the Arizona audit. She fought it every step of the way.

Donald Trump: And by the way, the real result of that audit was incredible corruption. They found tens of thousands of false votes, but the press never wanted to look at what they call the findings page, did they? Everybody get out and vote for this unbelievable star. I really believe she's going to be a big star of the country, not just the party, Kari Lake. Kari, please come up. [Audience chants "Kari"]

Kari Lake: Oh, man. Arizona, you're too good to me. Do you love this guy or what? [Audience responses "Yeah"]

Kari Lake: I know for a fact President Trump loves Arizona, but President Trump, I think Arizona loves you even more. I really do. Is that right? Why wouldn't we love him? Think about -- let's go back in history here. Just a few years, record low inflation. We were -- our 401Ks looked great. I just talked to a neighbor who's lost a third of his retirement savings since Joe Biden took office.

Kari Lake: We were doing great. Our kids were safe because our streets were safe. He supported the police. We had great times under President Trump. And we missed you so much, President Trump. Now, I got to tell you, I have some of these know-nothing consultants who tell me, "You know, you really need to back away from President Trump right now." [Audience boos]

Kari Lake: And I say to them, "Put down Hunter's crack pipe right now." Wouldn't it be horrible? Wouldn't it be horrible? What would it say about my character if I stepped away from my friends? If I step away from my friends, that means I would step away from you. And I will never step away from the people of Arizona.

Kari Lake: And so, for those know-nothing consultants and the media, I want to show you what it looks like when I step away from President Trump. This guy's great.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Kari. [Audience chants "Kari"]

Donald Trump: Also, with us tonight -- thank you. Kari, we love you. Special person, by the way. Get out, you got to vote these two. And now you're going to hear some other names that are incredible. But with us tonight is your next attorney general, Abe Hamadeh. And he's great. He's great. He knows what to do and he's going to get it all done.

Donald Trump: And a man who's extremely noncontroversial. And you know the truth. He loves your state. He loves the country. He loves you. He's no -- to me, there's no controversy at all. He's running for secretary of state. He's leading everybody. Everybody loves him because he's a warrior. Mark Finchem. Mark.

Donald Trump: I hear you're doing incredible, right? I hear you're doing great. So, bring it home, Mark. Very little time left, but you're leading. You're leading in every poll, and that's good. But you're a warrior, and, Abe, you're a warrior, so go get them. Thank you. A woman that I've also fallen in love with over a period of time, she's an incredible representative and she is -- she will fight.

Donald Trump: She was involved with impeachment hoax number one, impeachment hoax number two. And I think nobody was tougher or smarter or better than Debbie Lesko. Congresswoman, our great congresswoman. Thank you. Thank you very much, Debbie. Great job you do. Another one, I could say the same thing, I think here, Debbie, because this guy is special and he's my friend and he's tough and he loves the people in this audience, and he loves both sides.

Donald Trump: He's a -- he loves everybody. He wants the people of your state to be successful. He wants our country to be successful. And he's tough as hell. Andy Biggs. Andy, thank you. Thank you, Andy. I like that hat. And a friend of Andy and Debbie, and a friend of mine, and somebody that fights about as hard as anybody can fight, Congressman Paul Gosar.

Donald Trump: Congressman. Great job, Paul. And a woman who's extremely low-key, very shy, very quiet. I wish she had a little more oomph. But actually, nobody has more oomph than Marjorie Taylor Greene. Marjorie. Thank you, Marjorie. Thank you, Marjorie. Great. And two people that are running for Congress and I think will win based on everything I'm seeing, Eli Crane and Kelly Cooper.

Donald Trump: And -- and Eli, I've already endorsed Eli. I've already endorsed, and you're knocking him dead. And I just want to let you know you're getting the letter within the next 24 hours. Kelly has my complete and total endorsement, OK? So, I'll give it to you a little early. This is better than a letter anyway, right?

Donald Trump: Yeah, you have our total endorsement. You're doing a great job, and we appreciate it. So, those two are going to -- we'll add to the great congresspeople that you have in this state. You have great ones in this state, especially Andy. Do you agree with me? Right? I think any bad ones, Andy? Yeah, the Democrats, he says.

Donald Trump: He said a couple of Democrats. Anyway, keep up the good work, everybody. Thanks. Thanks, Debbie. A woman who's as strong as they come and as smart as they come and fought for election integrity, which you didn't have a lot in your state. And -- but she fought, and she has really proven the point, and it continues.

Donald Trump: Wendy Rogers. Wendy. Great job, Wendy. Great job. And a friend of mine and somebody that is very unsung because this man, really, he's another warrior. And he's out there all the time, and he just works. He doesn't want to do anything but work. He just wants to get the job done. Sonny Borrelli. Sonny. Thank you, Sonny.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Sonny. State Senate candidates Anthony Kern, Robert Scantlebury, David Farnsworth. Oh, David. Oh, what a good deal, David. And [Inaudible]. David, you beat a certain man that was a super RINO, didn't you? You were the man that beat him. I endorsed David. You beat him by what? Was it, 65 to 35? Wow, that was a big win.

Donald Trump: I was very proud. That was good. That's one you can put in your mantle. And in retrospect for him, look at him, he's central casting. It wasn't even hard. He's probably saying that wasn't so hard. But the people are. They don't want the RINOs anymore. They don't want them. And he -- he was not good. Congratulations.

Donald Trump: Congratulations. That's a great race. The Republican party chair. Where is Shelley Kais? Shelley. Hi, Shelley. Great job. Thank you for all the help. We won it twice, so we did better the second time, Shelley. Ambassador Ric Grenell, a fighter. Ric Grenell. He's a great, great man, a great fighter, and he's got a lot of future.

Donald Trump: Another one with a lot of future -- future and a man who just doesn't stop. And he's got a No. 1 best-selling book out, Kash Patel. Where's Kash? Thank you, Kash. And I introduced Joe Arpaio, but I'll introduce him again because there's nobody, I'm telling you -- oh, boy. If we had him -- if we had him at the border, we wouldn't even be up here talking.

Donald Trump: I'd also like to, while we can, please, Sheriff Mark Lamb. Sheriff. Where is Sheriff? Thank you, Sheriff. Thank you very much. Thank you, Sheriff. Central casting. And another man, he's a single greatest purchaser of ads in the history of our country, Mike Lindell. There must be a lot of money in pillows because I've never seen anybody that could buy ads like that.

Donald Trump: But he is -- he is a patriot. And I think Mike follows this tour. You know, he thinks it's the greatest show. Mike follows the tour. Mike is a great guy, and he loves our country, and he is a patriot. And he spends a lot of a lot of time trying to help us as a country. And, you know, he was attacked two weeks ago.

Donald Trump: The FBI attacked him and took away his phone and -- and that was a pretty vicious attack, I think, right? So, can't let that happen. We're also joined by two very special guests, the parents of an incredibly kind and brave young woman, a beautiful, unbelievable person who came from Arizona. And you know who we're talking about, Kayla Mueller.

Donald Trump: Kayla was a person who, after volunteering to provide humanitarian aid in Syria, she wanted to help people. It didn't have to be in Arizona. It didn't have to be in our country. Kayla wanted to help people, but she was kidnapped by ISIS and held captive directly by the ISIS leader, al-Baghdadi, who, as you remember, we gave him a bad send-off into hell.

Donald Trump: He was badly sent off. Kayla was a beautiful young woman and al-Baghdadi spotted her. And they grabbed her, and she lived like hell. But what she's done is so incredible in so many other ways. In 2019, when you look at what took place with that attack and the attack that we did, and we named the attack, and we named the number in honor of Kayla, and I'd like to just say that Carl and Marsha, her parents, are with us tonight.

Donald Trump: We started off today, and now we're tonight. And I just would like to have them stand up. And if they'd like, they could come up because as far as I'm concerned, you are real heroes. You produced somebody who is incredible, incredible. Come on up. Come on up for a second. Come on up. Their daughter will never be forgotten.

Donald Trump: Kayla will never be forgotten, and we will vanquish radical Islamic terrorism from the face of the earth. Please.

Carl Mueller: I'm not running for office, first of all. But if you want a president that cares about you and you and the average American, we can tell you firsthand, this man and the people that he puts together, they care. They have treated us like no other government agency, and we'd love to see him back in office.

Carl Mueller: So, let's -- let's all vote Republican.

Donald Trump: Great people. Unbelievable daughter. Unbelievable person. When Republicans take back Congress this November, we will fight for the people of Arizona. We will win for the people of Arizona, we promise. One of the first things we must do is stand up for parents' rights. Can you believe I'm even saying that we're going to fight for parents' rights?

Donald Trump: Who would ever think you have to say that we're going to fight for parents' rights? Ten years ago, if you said that, they'd say you're crazy. What? Of course, you're going to fight for parents' rights today. You have to make a case for it. We will get critical race theory out of our schools, out of our military, which we had it out and out of every part of our federal, state, and local governments.

Donald Trump: And at long last, every parent in America must be empowered to opt out of the forced indoctrination in the classroom and send their child to the public, private, charter, religious, or home school of their choice. We will also -- this is very politically incorrect, but I will say it anyway, we will keep men the hell out of women's sports. No teacher should ever be allowed to teach transgender to our children without parental consent.

Donald Trump: You can believe that one. That's another one that they're talking about. We will never stop fighting for the American family. And another one of our highest priorities under a Republican Congress will be to stop left-wing censorship and restore free speech. These, people, free speech in America. So, go out and sign up now for a Truth Social.

Donald Trump: It's the hottest thing you get. It's doing a great job. And frankly, I think the engagement is much much better than Twitter, which is being obliterated as we speak. And everywhere the Republican Party has the chance, we must pass critical election integrity reforms, including universal voter ID, citizenship confirmation, if that's OK. In other words, I would like to know that you're a citizen.

Donald Trump: They don't want to do that. Can you imagine? They don't want to know that you're a citizen of the United States before you vote. No more fake drop boxes, no private money pouring into local election offices. 417 million came in from one person. What a crooked deal that was. And ultimately, we need same-day voting with only paper ballots.

Donald Trump: That's what we need. You'll work on that, I'll bet, right? In France, they just had an election, 36 million people voted, Kari. They had no problem. They had a winner, they had a loser. Everybody went home at 11:00. And that was the end of that. They didn't fight about it for years. And all the things that we found out, you wouldn't believe.

Donald Trump: I mean, you know, most of you know, they stuffed the paper, the ballot boxes. You know, there's so many things -- there were so many ways of cheating. But we're just 30 days away from the most important midterm election in American history, and we need a landslide so big that the radical left, they can't -- they just can't -- the radical left cannot rig or steal it. We have to make sure that the radical left does not rig or steal your election.

Donald Trump: In many ways, it's the thing I'm most worried about because I think you have candidates that can't lose. But there is an expression that is often used, and we saw it in 2020 that the vote counter is oftentimes far more important than the candidate. We cannot let that happen. We cannot let that happen. And a very good thing would be if you can -- and I believe Blake feels this, and I believe Kari feels this, and Abe and everyone else, but if you can vote on Election Day in person, OK, because it's really much harder for them to cheat.

Donald Trump: So, I think if you do that, I think it'll be very much to your benefit. In fact, that happened in the primary. Kari was losing, and we're worried. I'd say, "What's going on?" And then, all of a sudden, explosion happened and you won easily, right? Because they voted on Election Day. But I hope they're going to do that again.

Donald Trump: Vote on Election Day as opposed to sending in a potentially fake ballot. Whatever you do, get out and vote. This is the year we're going to take back the House. We're going to take back the Senate. We're going to take back America. And in 2024, most importantly, we are going to take back our magnificent, our beautiful, our incredible White House.

Donald Trump: We're going to take it back. Together, we will fight for more jobs for American families, fair trade for American workers, and more American factories forging more products stamped with that beautiful phrase, Made in the USA. You saw President Biden yesterday. You saw that, right? He said, "I just want people to remember two words," right? "I just want people to remember two words: Made in America." Remember, he said this.

Donald Trump: That's what he said. I said, "Was he kidding?" And then he said, no, he wasn't. Well, that took place yesterday. We will shut down Biden's border disaster, reinstitute our strong Remain in Mexico policy. Not easy to get that. How do you tell Mexico we want everybody to stay in your country, not ours? But I got it, and I got it strong.

Donald Trump: Strengthen the patriots of ICE and Border Patrol, Brandon. And we will again end catch and release. We will end chain migration. We will end the visa lottery, which is a disgrace. And we will clamp down on illegal immigration, just like we did less than two years ago, and we had the safest border in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: We will stop the crime wave in Democrat-run cities. We will give our police the power they need and the respect they deserve, and we will not take legal protection away from our police. They want to take protection away so that the police officer can individually be sued. Can you believe this? We will restore law and order in America.

Donald Trump: A Democrat is not even allowed to use that phrase. They'll be written out of the party. We will hold China accountable for unleashing the virus upon the world. They will be, in some form, accountable. We will defend our Constitution. We will defend the Second Amendment, which is under siege, and we will proudly uphold the Judeo-Christian values and principles of our nation's founding.

Donald Trump: We will restore patriotic education to our schools, and we will teach our children to love their country, honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag. In conclusion, our MAGA movement, Make America Great Again, is by far the greatest political movement in the history of our country. Together, we are standing up against some of the most menacing forces, entrenched interests, and vicious opponents our people have ever seen.

Donald Trump: Despite great outside dangers, our biggest threat remains the sick, sinister, demented, and evil people from within our country. You saw some of them up on the screen, didn't you? But no matter how big or powerful the corrupt radical left Democrats that we are fighting against may be, you must never forget this nation does not belong to them.

Donald Trump: This nation belongs to you and you and you. This nation belongs to you. This nation belongs to you. This is your home. This is your heritage. And our American liberty is your God-given right from Phoenix to Sedona, from Flagstaff to Florence, and from Yuma to right here in Mesa. I love Mesa. I love it. A lot of friends here, and they're loaded, I have to tell you.

Donald Trump: And they work hard too. They work hard. We stand on the shoulders of red-blooded American patriots who poured out their hearts, sweat, and soul for our country and for our freedom. This great state was settled by some of the toughest men and strongest women ever to walk the face of the earth. Arizona is where Wyatt Earp and Doc Holliday became American legends.

Donald Trump: Wow. Wow, that's pretty cool. It's where the great American West became the American dream. It started here. And Arizona is the state where generations of pioneers and prospectors, miners and ranchers, cowboys and cattle hands, marshals and lawmen -- we have a lot of them with us tonight, thank you -- tame the frontier, brave the blazing sun, and showed the entire world how the West was won. They gave everything they had to make America into the greatest nation in the history of the world.

Donald Trump: But now, we are a nation in decline. We are a failing nation. We are a nation that has the highest inflation in 50 years and where the stock market finished the worst first half of the year since 1872. Likewise, we are a nation that has the highest energy costs in its history. We are no longer energy independent or energy dominant as we were just two short years ago.

Donald Trump: We are a nation that is begging Venezuela, Saudi Arabia, and many other nations for oil. Please, please, please help us, Joe Biden says, yet we have more liquid gold right under our feet than any other country. We are a nation that is consumed by the radical left's Green New Deal, yet everyone knows that the Green New Deal will lead to our destruction.

Donald Trump: We are a nation whose leaders are demanding all electric cars even though they can't go far, cost too much, whose batteries are produced in China with materials only available in China, when an unlimited amount of gasoline is available inexpensively in the United States but it's not available in China. We are a nation that ended oil exploration and production in the United States, just as the price of oil reached an all-time high.

Donald Trump: What other country would do such a thing? We are a nation that surrendered in Afghanistan, leaving behind dead soldiers, American citizens, and $85 billion worth of the finest military equipment anywhere in the world. And we are a nation that allowed Russia to devastate a country, Ukraine, killing hundreds of thousands of people, and it will only get worse.

Donald Trump: It would have never happened with me as your commander in chief. Never, ever, ever. And it didn't for four straight years. And China with Taiwan is next. We are a nation that has weaponized its law enforcement against the opposing political party like never before. We've got a Federal Bureau of Investigation that won't allow bad election changing facts to be presented to the public, where Hunter Biden's laptop from hell was Russian disinformation when the FBI knew it wasn't, and a Department of Justice that refuses to investigate egregious acts of voting irregularities and fraud, and we have a president who is cognitively impaired and in no condition to lead our country, and is now casually talking about nuclear war with Russia, which would be World War III and far more devastating than any of the previous wars because of the weaponry that no one even wants to think about or discuss.

Donald Trump: We are a nation that no longer has a free press. Fake news is all you get, and they are truly the enemy of the people. We are a nation where free speech is no longer allowed, where crime is rampant and out of control like never before, and where more people died of COVID in 2021 than in 2020. We are a nation that is allowing Iran to build a massive nuclear weapon and China to use the trillions of dollars that has taken from us to build a military to rival our own.

Donald Trump: And just two years ago, we had Iran, China, Russia, and North Korea in check. They weren't going to do a thing against us, and everyone knows it. And perhaps, most importantly, we are a nation that is no longer respected or listened to around the world. We are a nation that, in many ways, has become a joke, and we are a nation that is hostile to liberty, freedom, and faith. We are a nation whose economy is collapsing into a cesspool of ruin, whose supply chain is broken, whose stores are not stocked, whose deliveries are not coming, and whose educational system is ranked at the bottom of every single list.

Donald Trump: We are a nation where large packs of sadistic criminals and thieves are allowed to go into stores and openly rob them, beat up and kill their workers and customers, and leave with armloads of goods but with no retribution; with the authority of our great police has been taken, where their families and pensions have been threatened and their lives would be destroyed for the mere mention of the words law enforcement.

Donald Trump: We are a nation where fentanyl and all other forms of illegal drugs are easier to get than formula for our beautiful little babies, a nation whose once revered airports are dirty, they're a crowded mess. You sit and wait for hours and then are notified that the plane won't leave, and they have no idea when it will, where ticket prices have tripled.

Donald Trump: They don't have the pilots to fly the planes. They don't seek qualified air traffic controllers anymore, and they just don't know what the hell they're doing. We are a nation that has lost its confidence, its willpower, and its strength. We are a nation that has lost its way, but we are not going to allow this horror to continue.

Donald Trump: Two years ago, we were a great nation, and we will soon be a great nation again. It was hardworking patriots like you who built this country, and it is hard working patriots like you who are going to save our country. We will stand up to the radical left Democrats and the dangerous, unpatriotic RINOs, and we will fight for America like no one has ever fought before.

Donald Trump: There is no mountain we cannot climb. There is no summit we cannot reach. There is no challenge we cannot meet. There is no victory we cannot have. We will not bend. We will not break. We will not yield. We will never give in. We will never give up. And we will never ever back down. As long as we are confident, united, and loyal to the cause, the tyrants we are fighting do not stand a chance of victory because we are Americans and Americans kneel to God and God alone.

Donald Trump: The silent majority is back and stronger than ever before. My fellow citizens, this incredible journey we are on together has only just begun, and it is time to start talking about greatness for our country again. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. So, with the help of everyone here today and the citizens all across our land, we will make America powerful again. We will make America wealthy again.

Donald Trump: We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. God bless you all.