Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-cpac-convention-orlando-florida-february-26-2022

Donald Trump: Thank you. Wow. Thank you very much. [Audience chants "U.S.A."]

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, and it's great to be back where it all started with the great patriots of CPAC. Thank you very much. Thank you. Standing before you today, I'm thrilled to report that our incredible movement, a movement that nobody's ever seen anything quite like it, there has never been anything like it before, is strong and growing stronger every single day.

Donald Trump: The radical left is exposed. They're weak, and their pathetic policies have been out there long enough now that we don't want them, we'll never take them. We are bringing back our country, and we are bringing back our freedom. The socialists, globalists, Marxists, and communists who are attacking our civilization have no idea of the sleeping giant they have awoken.

Donald Trump: We are a sleeping giant. They cannot even begin to imagine the brave and righteous spirit they've unleashed in men and women like all of you here today. And this is some crowd. We broke the record again. We broke the record again. But they're going to find out the hard way starting on November 8th. And then again, even more so in November 2024. They will find out like never before.

Donald Trump: We did it twice, and we'll do it again. We're going to be doing it again a third time. 2022 will be the year that millions of everyday citizens stand up to the left-wing fascists, and they'll continue. And we will all continue together to make America great again. We had it done. The election was rigged.

Donald Trump: They've undone some of it, not all of it. They'll never be able to do all of it because we'll be acting long before they can do all of it. It was up to them. They'd do everything they could to destroy our country, but we can build it back again quickly and even better than before because they have lost all credibility.

Donald Trump: They've proven during this period of time that their policies are a disaster and that their policies don't work. We'll get voter ID, we'll never defund the police. Ridiculous cancel culture will be wiped out entirely. The wall will be quickly completed. To build the wall, complete the wall in three weeks.

Donald Trump: Took two and a half years on the wall, two and a half years to win all of the litigation over 11 lawsuits that they threw at us. And we have it just about finished. And then I said, "They can't be serious." They don't want to close up the little loops. But nobody's ever had a border so secure as the border that we had.

Donald Trump: We'll be sealed good and tight, except for people coming into our country legally. The drugs pouring in, the human trafficking will stop, and we will again save our country from destruction. I want to thank the American Conservative Union for putting on this incredible show, this great program of patriots.

Donald Trump: And in particular, thank you to Matt and Mercedes Schlapp. Thank you. Thank you. We have some great Republican leaders tonight also, and we have so many that I'm going to leave some out. It's always a disaster when we do this because they'll say, "Sir, and it takes me a year to make up. It takes me a year because it's a year before they sit before you again." But we'll give it the best we can.

Donald Trump: I want to thank -- and these are great people. These are patriots. Senator Rick Scott. Rick. Thank you, Rick. Thank you, Rick. Senator Bill Hagerty. Bill. Tennessee. Great state of Tennessee. Thank you, Bill. And John Kennedy, he's running. If it's not going to be much of an election, he's going to win so easily.

Donald Trump: John -- Oh, he's popular. Where is John? Look at John. Where is John? Great. John, you're popular, John. Wow. Great student. You know he's a great student, comes from an incredible state. The other senator is not so good in that state. I must be honest. But John Kennedy is fantastic. Went to Oxford. Do you know that he went to Oxford?

Donald Trump: He was an incredible student, brilliant guy, and he's with us all the way. Also Representatives Madison Cawthorn. Where's Madison? Where is Madison? Madison. They're doing everything they can to stop him. They're doing everything. But that will not be successful, will it? Mark Green. Mark. Thank you, Mark.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Mark. Thank you. A person who's very shy, doesn't like speaking her mind, but she does it anyway, Marjorie Taylor Greene. Where is Marjorie? A man that knows me almost better than any human being. He knows every inch of me. And he thinks it's actually a very beautiful sight. That's why I love it. That's why I like it. He was the White House doctor, and also for Obama and for Bush.

Donald Trump: And I'd love to ask him who's in the best shape. He was also an incredible admiral, highly respected by [Technical difficulty] wonderful, but very tough politician from Texas, Congressman Ronny Jackson. Thank you, Ronny. We love Ronny. He said, "President Trump is the healthiest president in history. If he didn't eat junk food, he'd live for 200 years." That got us into a lot of trouble, right, Ronny?

Donald Trump: That statement got us into trouble, but that's OK. We all love you, Ronny. Thank you. Great job, great job. A man who's terrific, who really loves our country, and who's loved in the state of Florida, Matt Gaetz. Where's Matt? Where is Matt? Thank you, Matt. Good guy. Former congressman and now happens to be working on a little project called Truth Social, which has been trending at the top all over the place, and it's going to give our voice back.

Donald Trump: And he's tough as hell. Former Congressman Devin Nunes. Devin. Where is Devin? Devin. He's tough. And, you know, I don't have all these names, but I happen to see a star, 128, and one in wrestling. He was serious. Don't wrestle him. A man who -- I mean, every time he goes on television, it's like a fight.

Donald Trump: He gets on. He's got one point, the other point, the other point, and there's nobody like him. And if you ever saw him work out, he just -- the machine starts to burn, the treadmill starts to go up on fire. He's still in great shape, but he's a tough cookie, all-American wrestler, and nobody like him really.

Donald Trump: There's nobody like him, Congressman Jim Jordan. Congressman Jim Jordan. And Polly. And Polly. And Polly produced one All-American or two. Is it two? One? Two? She said two. Two All-American wrestlers. And I said, "Are you better than your father was?" He said, "No, sir. Nobody's better than my father was." That's a pretty -- that's only a son could say that, right?

Donald Trump: Right, Polly? Jim, thank you for being here. Great people. And Governor Kevin Stitt. We know Governor Stitt. He's here someplace. Governor Stitt. And by the way, I noticed a patriot in our midst. Mike Lindell. Will you stand up? He's a patriot. He's a patriot. He's a great guy, too. He spent his life -- over two years, he spent a whole life.

Donald Trump: I will tell you what he does and what he goes through and what he believes. He's a great patriot. Thank you, Mike, very much. Another great patriot. She's doing incredibly well in Arizona. She was the anchor -- she was the anchor for 22 years. I hate to say that long. Was that about right? Twenty-two years.

Donald Trump: And people loved her. And she's beautiful inside and out. You know, you're not allowed to say that anymore. It's politically incorrect. But it's true. She's beautiful inside and out. She's an incredible woman. Kari Lake. Kari Lake, everybody. And she is leading big. Wow. I just looked at a poll, Kari. And well, you never know, right?

Donald Trump: So, just keep working. Just keep working. But you're leading very big, and you're doing a fantastic job. Thank you very much. And there's so many other people here. If I see them, if you don't mind, during the course of the speech, I'll just bring them out. This way, it saves me a lot of problems for the rest of the year when they vote against me at some point.

Donald Trump: They'll vote against me because I didn't mention their name. You know, they're politicians and they're vicious people. Somebody said, "Sir, you've been in business, you've been in entertainment, The Apprentice, and you've been in politics. Who are the toughest? Who are the worst? I said, "The worst are the politicians.

Donald Trump: The toughest are the politicians, the meanest are the politicians, and the biggest lying scum are the politicians. Like Adam Schifty Schiff. What do you mean by people like him? He actually made up a story about my phone call with the president of Ukraine, who, by the way, is a brave man. He's hanging in. He's a brave man.

Donald Trump: And I like him because, you know, during that ridiculous impeachment waste of time and the Republicans stood by us, we were 196 and zero. When did you ever hear Republicans do that? But this was truly a scam. But the president of Ukraine said he did nothing wrong. He could have said he did something or he thought, well, I wasn't appropriate.

Donald Trump: You know all the crap you have to listen to, right? He said -- he did absolutely -- I called him up to congratulate him on his victory. He said he did nothing wrong. Absolutely nothing wrong. I'm glad the tape -- I'm glad that tape was going. Those transcribers were writing during that call because otherwise, it could have been -- but this is what we're dealing with.

Donald Trump: We're dealing with some people that are truly evil, truly bad people. Let me also express my enormous gratitude to every single one of you here today in the audience. We appreciate you being here. It's a great crowd. That's a lot of people, and that's a lot of fake news. Look at all those cameras up there.

Donald Trump: Wow. [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: That's a lot of people. And my friends from North Carolina, they've come to 92. Our beautiful friends. They've come to -- I think it's 92 rallies and CPACs and other things. Thank you all very much. Thank you. I don't know if their husbands are happy about it, but they are beautiful people. They're great people.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you for your dedication. You know what the bottom line is? They love our country. They love our country. Thank you. Appreciate it. So, we've been together from the very beginning of this journey, and we are a long way from being done because we had something very bad happen and we have to keep it going.

Donald Trump: We're not going to have a country left for an amazing 48 years. CPAC has helped to conserve, protect, and defend our magnificent American heritage. And this year, we're being vividly reminded how fragile and precious that heritage really is. I never knew how important being president was. I was president for four years.

Donald Trump: I think I did a great job. We did things that nobody -- [Audience chants "Four more years."]

Donald Trump: The importance of the president, when I look at what's happening to our country today, the president is such an important representative. Now, we obviously know that. But just a wrong word or a wrong -- like a yawn or going to sleep very early, like at 4:00. No, you just can't -- it's just such an important -- it's so important, psychologically.

Donald Trump: So, important for our country. I never really realized to that extent. I knew it was important. But you assume you're going to be doing certain things that are right. We rebuilt our economy and energy independence and all of those things. But you also have to portray a strength to the outside world. Otherwise, they're going to walk all over you, and that's what they're doing right now.

Donald Trump: You could take the five worst presidents in American history and put them together, and they would not have done the damage that Joe Biden has -- this administration has done in just a very short 13 months. And no matter how you look at it, our country has totally lost its self-confidence, lost its self-confidence.

Donald Trump: We as a country have no confidence anymore. But we will get it back, and we'll get it back stronger than ever before. Who ever heard of that? Who ever heard of that? Our country has lost its self-confidence. Who ever heard of that? Whoever thought you'd be hearing -- but it's true. We've lost our self-confidence when you see the way we withdrew, when you see the things that -- the stupidity, the open border concept.

Donald Trump: Who wants this? Prisons from other countries being emptied out into our country. Just over one year ago, we had the most secure border in U.S. history record-low gas prices, American energy independence, the fastest economic recovery in the history of our country, fastest economic recovery in history, and unrivaled military.

Donald Trump: We rebuilt the military, and we added Space Force on top of it. And peace and quiet was all around the world. Now, inflation is the highest in 40 years. Economists are talking about $5, $6, $7, and even $8 a gallon of gasoline. Supply chains are crumbling. Store shelves are empty. Millions of illegal aliens are rushing our borders.

Donald Trump: Murders are setting records in our cities. The streets of our Democrat-run cities are drenched in blood. A radical left zealot has been nominated to the Supreme Court of the United States. [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: China is threatening Taiwan. Russia is decimating Ukraine. Iran is on the cusp of a nuclear bomb. We ended the worst and most dangerous deal I've ever seen. And now, they want to go back to the Iran nuclear deal. America and our great military has been humiliated in its surrender from Afghanistan. And that's what it was.

Donald Trump: It was a surrender for no reason whatsoever. We wanted to get out, but we had to get out with strength and with dignity. And a major war in Europe may very well erupt. That's how they start. Exactly what's happening today. This is how they start. Joe Biden has turned calm into chaos, competence into incompetence, stability into anarchy, and security into catastrophe.

Donald Trump: The Russian attack on Ukraine is appalling. It's an outrage and an atrocity that should never have been allowed to occur. It never would have occurred. We are praying for the proud people of Ukraine. God bless them all. God bless them all. Thank you. They are indeed brave. As everyone understands, this horrific disaster would never have happened if our election was not rigged and if I was the president.

Donald Trump: It's very simple. It wouldn't have happened. Under Bush, Russia invaded Georgia. Under Obama, Russia took Crimea. Under Biden, Russia invaded Ukraine. I stand as the only president of the 21st century on whose watch Russia did not invade another country. [Audience chants "U.S.A."]

Donald Trump: Thank you. I gave Ukraine the javelins that everyone is now talking about and millions of dollars of other military equipment. The Obama administration gave them blankets. You remember? They gave them blankets. They said, "We need more than blankets." "No, no, we gave you blankets." They sent them blankets.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Under our leadership, the world was a peaceful place because America was strong and the perception of our country was perhaps like it had never been before, powerful, cunning, and smart. We were a smart country. Now, we're a stupid country. We always, very simply, put America first. That was the answer.

Donald Trump: With the Abraham Accords, we had peace in the Middle East, we had peace in Europe. China knew that it could no longer take advantage of the United States. And I was proud to be the first president in decades who did not get our country into any wars. I got you out of wars. Thank you. Thank you. Under our administration, Russia respected America just like every other country respected America.

Donald Trump: And they really respected us a lot. But now Joe Biden is seen as a weak -- and I hate to say it because I want him to do a great job. I really want him to do -- politically, I don't care. I would much rather have him do a great job than a poor job, but nobody could ever believe how bad and weak, and grossly incompetent it has been.

Donald Trump: And when you have a weak president who is not respected by other nations, you have a very chaotic world. And the world hasn't been this chaotic since World War II. I think we can say that. We can say that very strongly. I have no doubt that President Putin made his decision to ruthlessly attack Ukraine, only after watching the pathetic withdrawal from Afghanistan, where the military was taken out first, our soldiers were killed and American hostages, plus $85 billion worth of the finest equipment anywhere in the world were left behind.

Donald Trump: Yesterday, reporters asked me if I thought President Putin was smart. I said, "Of course, he's smart," to which I was greeted with, "Oh, that's such a terrible thing to say." I'd like to tell the truth. Yes, he's smart. The NATO nations and indeed the world, as he looks over what's happening strategically with no repercussions or threats whatsoever, they're not so smart, they're looking the opposite of smart. "If you take over Ukraine, we're going to sanction you," they say, sanction.

Donald Trump: Well, that's a pretty weak statement. Putin is saying, "Oh, they're going to sanction me. They sanctioned me for the last 25 years. You mean I can take over a whole country and they're going to sanction me? You mean they're not going to blow us to pieces, at least, psychologically?" The problem is not that Putin is smart, which of course he's smart, but the real problem is that our leaders are dumb.

Donald Trump: Dumb. So, dumb. And they so far allowed him to get away with this travesty and assault on humanity. That's what it is. This is an assault on humanity. So, sad. Putin is playing Biden like a drum. And it's not a pretty thing as somebody that loves our country to watch, just not a pretty thing to watch. You know, I was with Putin a lot.

Donald Trump: I spent a lot of time with him. I got along with him. I got along with President Xi. I got along with Kim Jong Un. Kim Jong Un has a massive nuclear power. It's a good thing to get along with people -- not a bad thing. You can be very tough and get along. You know, I'm the one that ended his pipeline. He said, "You're killing me with the pipeline." Nobody else ended his pipeline.

Donald Trump: Biden came in, he approved it. But I did a lot of things that were very tough on Russia. Nobody -- no president was ever as tough on Russia as I was. And I'd come in the fake news would say, "Trump loves Russia, he loves Russia." Then we had the Russia, Russia, Russia hoax, which is now with Durham and Mueller and all the rest.

Donald Trump: Just a total hoax. It was a made-up fictional story. But with respect to what's going on now, it would have been so easy for me to stop this travesty from happening. He understood me and he understood that I didn't play games. This would not have happened. Someday, I'll tell you exactly what we talked about.

Donald Trump: But we talked about it. And he did have an affinity. There's no question about it for Ukraine. I said, "Never let it happen. You better not let it happen." This is the only attack in history where the further he goes and the bigger it gets, then the worse it gets, and the more death that's caused, the more money he makes because oil prices keep climbing higher and higher and higher.

Donald Trump: There's never been anything like that where a warring nation, the more he makes it difficult to get oil, the more expensive it gets and the more money he makes. And all those tanks roaming around a very expensive, but they're peanuts compared to the kind of money that he's making because of the tremendous increase in oil.

Donald Trump: You know, when I left -- and during my term, oil was at $36 a barrel. Think of it, $36. Now, it hit $100 and the think it's going to $150. So, the Middle East and Saudi Arabia, a lot of countries -- but Russia right now, in particular, is making more money than they ever dreamt possible. The cost of the war is very, very small compared to the kind of money they're taking in. There's never been a situation like that.

Donald Trump: It's horrible to watch. It's horrible because it's a disincentive for him to disengage. Remember, Joe and Hunter Biden got $3.5 million from the mayor of Moscow's wife and were never allowed to explain in the debate. Remember, we had the debate, and I said, "Hey, what did you do with the $3.5 million that you got from the mayor of Moscow's wife" and Chris Wallace, who I assume was now fired from Fox, which is good.

Donald Trump: He said that's not an appropriate question. That turned out to be another one. Trump was right. That turned out to be another very appropriate question. You got $3.5 million from the mayor of Moscow's wife, very rich family. I will tell you that this is a conflict of interest. But at the same time, Joe Biden bragged, unknowingly on tape, and this was on tape -- can you imagine if I said it -- about getting rid of a Ukrainian prosecutor?

Donald Trump: Or he wouldn't allow $1 billion of American taxpayers money to be given to Ukraine? They kept saying, "Where's the money? Where's the money? Where's the money? No, you got to get rid of that prosecutor. He's getting too close." Can you imagine if I did that? And he was on tape? And the fake news media, those people right there refused to report it. And that's without mentioning the fact that China gave them $1.5 billion to manage, and he never managed money before other than the money they got, probably.

Donald Trump: There's plenty of conflicts there. You don't have to even think about it. And the fake news didn't want to mention anything. They didn't want to talk about it. It was bad for the election. It was bad for our country in their mind, but they probably knew talking about it would have been good. We can never really bring our country back unless we get an honest media, because they like the policing agent and they refuse to air scandal.

Donald Trump: They refuse to air it. And it'll be interesting to see what's going to happen over the next three weeks or four weeks as one of the worst scandals ever. I call it the crime of the century, ballot harvesting as it gets released and it's all on tape. It's all on tape. And True The Vote, I want to thank those incredible women for the job, Catherine, and all of them for the job they've done.

Donald Trump: It's incredible, but that'll be released very soon. Everything is on tape. Even the pictures are taken of the people stuffing the ballot boxes, because without the pictures they don't get paid. And we're talking about hundreds of thousands of votes in each swing state. They focus, they say, on the swing states.

Donald Trump: And you know what? They probably did others, too. But the swing states was the focus. Over the past year, we've seen weakness, self-loathing, and self-destruction on a scale previously unthinkable, a military obsessed with equity to all and only being politically correct. I said, "So, let me ask you, 'Is a general -- good, strong general, General Patton, how do you think he'd like this military, General Douglas MacArthur?

Donald Trump: Would General Patton be allowed to shout at a private who is doing a horrible thing?" "Sir, we don't think that would be appropriate." "Oh, really? Oh." I don't think Jim Jordan -- that would work out too well, would it? Wouldn't work out too well. A Department of Homeland Security actively aiding illegal immigration in many cases, criminals coming into our country, criminals, absolute criminals.

Donald Trump: The Department of Energy and Interior forcing us to be reliant on foreign energy at a cost that is not acceptable to our nation and not sustainable. A Department of Justice waging war on an opposing party and patriotic parents. As grave as the dangers are abroad, it's the destruction within that spells our doom.

Donald Trump: We must get this reversed. Our most dangerous people are people from within. These are people that must hate our country because they make us weak. And they make our country unsustainable as a nation itself. Unbelievably, Biden is now claiming that you must sacrifice through higher energy prices to foot the cost of his failed foreign policy in Europe.

Donald Trump: I saw John Kerry on television and we're talking about energy. We need energy, we need oil, we need gas. We need everything. No, no, no, no, no, global warming, global warming. [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: We have a world that's ready to blow up and disintegrate over energy, and he's talking about global warming. The oceans may rise over the next 300 years, one-one hundredth of an inch, giving you slightly more seafront property. And this is his problem. He's not thinking about the nuclear warming. He's thinking about other types of warming.

Donald Trump: These people are not living in a world of reality. The reason we've got soaring gas prices is that Biden shut down American energy, canceled our oil and gas leases just two days ago. Two days ago, they canceled many oil and gas leases because of the environment. It's really unbelievable and canceled the Keystone XL pipeline that I approved.

Donald Trump: While he enriched Putin by approving the Russian pipeline, which has really been at the core of much of the problem we have right now. And I fought Angela, I said, "Angela, here is a white flag happened to be a white napkin that was on my desk." I said, "Angela, you can have it. She said, "But why? But why?" I said, "Because you're getting 75%," and I think it's higher than that, but it will be, "75% of your energy from Russia.

Donald Trump: And as you probably know, through history, you've had some rather major conflicts with Russia. And if you ever have a conflict with Russia, you will be able to wave the white flag and surrender because they supply your energy." And I knew that would happen. I just never had any idea it was going to happen so fast.

Donald Trump: Now Biden is pleading with OPEC and begging Iran to reenter the disastrous nuclear deal. [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: With Biden, you get a war in Europe and a war on American energy with Republicans. You get energy independence and energy dominance. We will reclaim our status as the No. 1 energy superpower on the face of the Earth. Something that I had achieved for the first time in 72 years. I was very proud of that. They ended it almost immediately.

Donald Trump: We would have been bigger than Russia and Saudi Arabia combined times two in one year. We were already bigger. We were doing things that we had never done before, and we should not be buying Russian energy, but rather allow the people of our country to start producing like they did just one year ago. It's all we have to do. This will drive prices down, drive inflation down.

Donald Trump: You want to get rid of inflation or bring it way down? Reduce the cost of energy. That's a single biggest factor having to do with inflation. And what has happened in Ukraine is a catastrophic disaster. But it isn't really that interesting that so many Democrat politicians in Washington, they seem to be rushing to microphones to declare that Ukraine's borders are sacred.

Donald Trump: They want to say their borders are sacred. And we feel for Ukraine in so many ways. But Ukraine's sovereignty must be defended at all costs, they say, even while they're destroying our own borders and surrendering our own sovereignty. We have a border that's a catastrophe. We have people coming into our country that we don't want.

Donald Trump: They will not be good for our country. You will be paying a price for many, many years to come. We have terrorists that came out of Afghanistan with the plane. Remember they said, "Oh, the planes are coming in." The people that rushed the planes, those are very energetic people. Those are people that you will be paying a big, big price for in years to come.

Donald Trump: The most important duty of every elected lawmaker is to protect and defend America, and that begins with protecting and defending America's borders. Under Joe Biden, we're losing our country no different than if we had lost it in a war. No different. No different. Millions of people are pouring in, descending on our communities, camping in our towns, depleting our resources, flouting our laws, and bringing crime, drugs, and death to the streets of our cities and communities.

Donald Trump: And they're not only coming from Central and South America, they're coming from all over the world, over 160 countries, in many cases from jails that are being emptied into our country as though we are a dumping ground. We're not the United States. We're considered a dumping ground for criminals. The Biden administration has spent months obsessing over how to stop an invasion of a foreign country, thousands of miles away.

Donald Trump: I believe Americans deserve a president who will stop the invasion of our country also. And we had it stopped one year ago. We had it stopped. We had it stopped one year ago. You can't defend Western civilization if you would not be able to defend your own civilization. And that means we need borders that work, elections that are fair and free and not rigged, and crime that must be immediately stopped in our cities.

Donald Trump: And we must immediately stop. The influx of illegal aliens has to stop immediately. Our country is being poisoned from within. The Biden administration cares more about helping citizens of a distant foreign nation than it does about our own citizens because our country is a mess, our country is a dangerous place, and it's getting worse and worse every day.

Donald Trump: And when you hear 3 million people this year, it's not 3 million. It's probably 3 to 4 times that number. It's probably 10 million, 11 million, or 12 million. But the real truth is they have no idea what it is. Yet if the radical Democrats truly want to fight for democracy abroad, if they want to look and look abroad and fight for what they want to fight for, which I don't think they do, they should start with the democracy that is under threat right next door, a place called Canada.

Donald Trump: Well, by the way, we got rid of NAFTA and we have the USMCA, that's Mexico and Canada. One of the greatest deals we ever made. And I know it's great because they want to renegotiate the deal. That was a horrible deal. NAFTA was the worst trade deal ever made. And now, we have probably the best trade deal ever made, but they want to renegotiate and they probably will do it, this administration. "Oh, sure." That's not putting America first.

Donald Trump: We put America first. It's a great deal. They should leave it. They've been ripping us off for 30 years. It's time for us to do well. The tyranny we have witnessed in Canada in recent weeks should shock and dismay people all over the world. In an advanced Western democracy, the peaceful movement of patriotic truckers, workers, and families protesting for their most basic rights and liberties has been violently put down.

Donald Trump: Their assets and life savings have been frozen. They have been slandered as Nazis, racists, and terrorists. These are the names they've been called. They've been arrested and charged with phony crimes. They've been falsely accused of loyalty to foreign powers. I watched them, I saw those maple leaves all over the flags and the love for their country.

Donald Trump: Plenty of Americans were there, too. And they love our country. They're being hunted down like enemies of their own government and treated worse than drug dealers and murderers or rapists. A line has been crossed. You're either with the peaceful truckers or you are with the left-wing fascists. And that's what's been happening.

Donald Trump: And it's been a strong line. We stand with the truckers, and we stand with the Canadian people in their noble quest to reclaim their freedom. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. And thank you, Linda. Good job. Right here in our own nation, it's also far past time to declare independence from every last COVID mandate.

Donald Trump: It's time. It's time. And, you know, as early as when it first happened, I let the governors make that decision. And we had some governors that did a great job, and we had some governors that didn't do a very good job. But I can tell you that the Republican governors did quite well. Thank you, quite well.

Donald Trump: And a big, big difference also on crime. You look at where the crime is and you don't see the word Republican very much, if at all. With one voice Americans must insist that the emergency is over, and we will submit to this left-wing tyranny no longer. We will not do it any longer. They're causing so much damage to people and to our children.

Donald Trump: The people who are masking our children may plan to lift those mandates right before the election, thinking they'll get some votes. But we will never forget what they did to our children. We will hold them accountable at the ballot box this November. As everyone here understands, the COVID mandates are just one part of a much larger crisis.

Donald Trump: The radical left is trying to replace American democracy with woke tyranny. They want to do the same thing to America that Trudeau has been doing to Canada, and much, much worse. [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: Our mission in 2022 and in 2024 is to take on this radical and power-hungry ruling class and to deliver them an electoral defeat so resounding that they are exiled into political oblivion, never ever to return again. [Audience chants "U.S.A."]

Donald Trump: Joe Biden, Chuck Schumer, and crazy Nancy Pelosi are the sinister faces of this corrupt and lawless political establishment. They enrich their families in Ukraine, China, Russia while they shudder your small businesses right here at home. They send young Americans to fight and die for the borders of distant foreign nations, while they throw our borders open to an illegal foreign invasion, which is what is happening.

Donald Trump: They set violent criminals loose without charges while prosecuting their political opponents for fabricated crimes. They legalize mass robberies and cheer for BLM and Antifa rioters, ransacking our cities while they hold nonviolent protesters without trial, destroy their lives. They lift sanctions on Iran while they sanction and destroy our own citizens.

Donald Trump: They tried to silence voices like Joe Rogan for alleged misinformation, while they perpetuate the most flagrant hoaxes and monstrous lies like the Russia Russia, Russia hoax. How was that? For three years, we had to put up with the Russia Russia, Russia hoax. It was a total hoax. They indoctrinate your children to hate their parents while calling you a hateful racist.

Donald Trump: They stick the FBI on mothers at school board meetings while they teach four-year-olds to pick their own genders. Would you like to change your gender? [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: And they say it's absolutely fine for a boy or a man to participate in women's sports. [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: I don't think so. They use big tech to censor you. They use the deep state to spy on you. They use the intelligence agencies to frame you. They use the media to slander you. They use the legal system to persecute you. It is a persecution. They rig elections to disenfranchise you and destroy you and ruin your lives.

Donald Trump: I've seen the anger and the hatred and the horror at the 2020 election, all the while they claim as they are the ones defending democracy. They say they are the ones that are going to defend your democracy and your justice. It's a lot of bullshit. That's what it is. When we win, we will defeat this corrupt political establishment.

Donald Trump: We will save our republic, and we will restore the constitutional government of, by, and for the people. The Washington swamp knows that we are coming to break their grip on power forever. That is why they are so desperate to stop us. They will go to any lengths. And that is why the corrupt Democrat prosecutors and unconstitutional Unselect Committee on January 6th, the Unselect Committee -- can you imagine a committee made of these thugs?

Donald Trump: They hate us all. Has there ever been a committee like this, the Unselect Committee? I think that was my term. I think I came up with it first. I'm very proud of many of our terms, but they're continuing their evil and demented persecution of me, my family, my staff, my supporters, and you. It's the same witch hunt that's been going on since day one, since actually the day that I came down the escalator with our great future first lady.

Donald Trump: Now, we know that Crooked Hillary not only spied on my campaign, she spied on the White House. [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: Do you remember when I said years ago, I think they spied on my campaign and everybody said on the other side, "How dare he say that? How dare he?" Well, it turned out to be true. And I want to thank John Durham for figuring that out. And I believe that's just a foundation on which a lot of very bad things are going to be learned about what took place.

Donald Trump: Everything they're doing to me is about preserving their power and control over the American people. If I renounced my beliefs, if I agreed to stay silent, if I stayed at home, if I said I'm not going to run, the persecution would stop immediately. They'd go on to the next victim. Who's next? But they'll never, ever do what they did to me, and nobody else I don't believe would be able to take it if they did.

Donald Trump: I have had that a lot. I've had great people come up to me and tell me, "Sir, may I please ask you a question?" "Yes. What would you like to know? "Sir, how did you take it? How did you take it? How did you take what they did to you?" And in many ways, I can't answer that question. But there's never been anything like this ever done to an American president before.

Donald Trump: But I can't do any of those things because I love this country. We love this country, and we're going to bring this country back, and it's going to be bigger and better and stronger than ever before. But remember, they're coming after me because I'm standing up for you, and that is it. I'm standing up for you.

Donald Trump: In 2022, we're taking on this wretched and corrupt political establishment like never before, and we've learned a lot over the last four years. We've learned how corrupt they are. Nobody can even believe it. If you wrote a book or a novel, and it was all just printed out like this with Crooked Hillary, with the Mueller report, which was, OK. We like it. Did it find no collusion?

Donald Trump: But with all of the things that you've seen, all of the horrible things that you've seen, the corruption, the spying, it was spying, it's probably worse than spying. It's treason. It's everything you can have. If anybody ever wrote a novel, the great James Patterson, if he ever wrote a novel like this, it wouldn't sell because people would say, "No, no, it's not believable.

Donald Trump: This could never happen." And it's worse. They're finding out things now that nobody even thought were possible. We're going to end Nancy Pelosi's political career once and for all. And then we're going to kick the Biden crime family out of the White House in 2024. But even our Supreme Court justices, and it's sad to say this, are afraid to do what has to be done to save our country.

Donald Trump: They're trying so desperately to be politically correct and to be loved by all. These are the justices of the United States Supreme Court. They are terrified of the radical left. They are afraid of packing the court so that they are only one of 15, 19, or even 25 justices. And at any cost, they don't want to be impeached. "Please don't impeach me. I don't want to be impeached.

Donald Trump: I'm a Supreme Court judge. Please don't impeach me. I'm a justice of the Supreme Court. Don't impeach me, please, for being with a woman that I never heard of before." Women that he didn't know, women that a particular Justice Kavanaugh had no idea. Who they were? But you know what? He's lived through hell.

Donald Trump: And he's afraid. I believe he's afraid. I believe he's afraid to do the right thing, I really do. You know, the expression they play the ref. They play the ref. They said not so long ago, "We're going to impeach him for something." And then they found out the woman got up. He said, "Well, he never did anything wrong." They said, "We don't care.

Donald Trump: We're going to impeach him anyway." These are vicious people. These are vicious people, and we can't let this go on. They have to gain strength. They have to gain new courage, and they have to stand up for freedom and stand up for what is right. They can no longer be afraid of the radical left, our Supreme Court, and our judges generally.

Donald Trump: The work of Making America Great Again is only just beginning. The Republicans have a big and bold agenda that they're going to put into action under a Republican Congress, and we have a chance of setting records. But I don't want to say that. I don't want to say we could win 65 seats, because if we win 64, they'll say it was a terrible night for Trump.

Donald Trump: Terrible. "He had a horrible night. He only won 64. He said he wanted 65." We will bring Joe Biden's inflation-causing socialist spending spree to a screeching halt. We will immediately begin a full audit of the $6 trillion of radical Democrats. The money's been flushed down the drain and they're trying to get more.

Donald Trump: They want to get up to a number that nobody can believe. And it looks like maybe people will not allow that to happen because they don't want our country to be destroyed. They should have never, ever, in the Senate, given that two-month stay. You had them on the ropes, you were going to win. And then Mitch McConnell gave them a two-month stay. [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: I call it the two months in which they can get their act together. And then they voted for the, I call it, the uninfrastructure bill because there was very little infrastructure, right? There was 9% infrastructure. Most of it's like throwing the money right out the window. And they voted -- we had some Republicans headed by Mitch McConnell.

Donald Trump: He's so bad for our country. The American people deserve to know where did all the money go. In addition, we must take immediate action to fight the Biden violent crime wave that is devastating our citizens in Democrat-run cities. You look at what's going on in Chicago. So sad. So, I mean, in Afghanistan, I had a meeting with Abdul.

Donald Trump: You know who Abdul is? He's the leader of the Taliban. I said, "Abdul, you better not kill our soldiers anymore." I was much tougher than that. I want to be nice, much tougher. Even Jim Jordan would have been concerned if he heard. But I said, "Abdul, you're killing our soldiers. You better fucking not kill our soldiers anymore.

Donald Trump: Because if you do, you will be hit like no country has ever been hit. You will be hit harder than anybody has ever been hit." And he said, "Mr. President, but why?" He actually called me Your Excellency, I don't know. Do you think he calls Biden, Your Excellency? He goes, "But why, your Excellency, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Do you send me a picture of my house?" And I said, "I'd rather not answer that question." See, I was being very nice. See, I'm being diplomatic. And, you know, we didn't have one soldier killed in 18 months in Afghanistan. We had them. We had them. This is why we want the Taliban. And we could have pulled out with strength and dignity.

Donald Trump: They were absolutely -- and then you look at what's happening in New York and Chicago and Los Angeles and these Democrat-run cities, and you have seven people killed in one weekend and 80 shot. It's terrible. Republicans should pass legislation making clear that when local left-wing district attorneys and attorney generals refuse to prosecute dangerous criminals, the DAs and attorney generals can be charged with violations of the civil rights law.

Donald Trump: I mean, look at Los Angeles. What's going on? Look at Philadelphia, where people that kill violent criminals are being immediately allowed out of jail with no bond. As we defend America's safety, we must also defend American values. As president, I was proud to issue the world's first ban on critical race theory in September of 2020. It was over.

Donald Trump: We ended it. And then Biden, with the help of Mitch McConnell, came into office. Remember, he signed 17 executive orders, and one of them unended it, not good. I also created the 1776 Commission. You people would love the 1776, so that young Americans would learn to love this country as much as we in this room do. On his first day in office, Biden abolished the 1776 Commission and then proceeded to impose woke left-wing racism on our military.

Donald Trump: With the Republican Congress, we will once and for all ban critical race theory from our schools. We will ban it from our military. We will ban it from every institution that accepts a single penny from the federal government. America's history will be taught fully and truthfully to America's beautiful children.

Donald Trump: In addition, we must defend parents' rights. Something new, something new. That's right. Something new that came up. Parents rights. Whoever thought of parents' rights, parents' rights. We love our parents, of course. Now, we have to defend parents rights against these lunatics and maniacs. America's moms and dads should get a veto over anyone teaching far-left gender ideologies to their children without parental consent.

Donald Trump: And any parent who objects to the radical indoctrination in their children's classroom should be able to take their share of taxpayer dollars and spend it at the public, private, charter, or religious school of their choice. Another top priority to save American democracy must be to break up the big tech giants and restore free speech in America.

Donald Trump: And we'll be fighting that very hard by opening Truth Social. The days of Big Tech censoring the voices of the American people are numbered. The left is also trying to take away the rights and dignity of OAN, One America News on DIRECTTV and AT&T. And it's a great voice. And these are great people, and they're patriots, and they want to take away their voice.

Donald Trump: They want it to be shut down and shut down, and it does great. Who listens to OAN? I do. I do. They want to take away their voice. Can't let it happen. They've got millions of viewers and those viewers, and that network should be allowed to go forward. While we're at it, a Republican Congress should launch a select committee as opposed to an Unselect Committee, to get to the bottom of Big Tech's 2020 election interference.

Donald Trump: Let's find out who made the decision to censor. Who made that decision to censor the Joe and Hunter Biden corruption bombshell, which the pollsters said amounted to about 15 points, the largest illegal campaign contribution in American history? And let's do a full forensic audit of the $417 million given by Mark Zuckerberg, who used to come to the White House and kiss my ass, that they spent to take over local election offices in key Democrat counties.

Donald Trump: And I believe you're going to be hearing a lot of it. You know, if you're a person that wants to make a contribution, you're allowed to give less than $6,000. Otherwise, they put you in jail. He gave $417 million. What the hell is going on? What are we doing? Six thousand dollars, and you go to jail. Four hundred and seventeen million dollars spread all over the place.

Donald Trump: It's something that obviously is going to have to be looked at. It is so horrible what's happening to our country. We need a full accounting of all of the illegitimate turnout efforts, illegal drop boxes, and ballot harvesting that's taken place. You know, we had drop boxes, 97% for Joe Biden because he campaigned so hard from his basement, 3% for Trump, 3%. They gave me 3%. At least they gave me something because I think they had a couple where he actually got 100%, thousands of votes.

Donald Trump: He got 4,000, I got nothing. No. That was such a horrible thing. We need fair elections. You need those borders. You need those elections. The world is already waiting to see the explosive information out of Georgia where True the Vote, incredible people has uncovered a massive illegal ballot harvesting scheme with over 2,000 ballot stuffers or, as they call them, mules.

Donald Trump: They call them mules. These are ballot stuffers. These are people. They call them mules. Ballots in Georgia and other swing states were trafficked and sold on an unprecedented scale. And the brutality. And it was just incredible what took place. And we have it on tape. It's all on tape, and it's coming out over the next three weeks.

Donald Trump: It's all on tape. They've got them at the machine standing here. Here they are, here they are. You know why? Because that's the way they got paid. They had to take a picture of them. And what a job they've done, what a job they've done. And you know the saddest part, the hardest thing to do isn't to have caught them.

Donald Trump: It's to get those people to write anything about them because, without the fake news, you don't have a scandal. [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: The RINOs and certain weak Republican politicians want to ignore election integrity also. But we cannot ignore it, and we have to fix it. Make no mistake, they will try to do it again in '22 and '24, and we cannot let them do that. And the way you do it is to come to a very powerful conclusion as to what happened in 2020. To stand down, to stop talking about it, to stop making Americans aware of the cheating and corruption that went on. That's really saying it's OK. You can do it again.

Donald Trump: We can't let that happen. In addition to securing our elections, here are just some of the other things we must do with Republicans back in charge. We must pass critical reforms, making every executive branch employee fireable by the president. The deep state must and will be brought to heel. We will stop the radical Democrats from packing the Supreme Court with far-left justices.

Donald Trump: Although the way the Supreme Court is behaving, perhaps the Republicans should pack the Supreme Court. They are behaving not the way we think is appropriate for our country. There's a lot of people have suggested that, but I don't think we'll do it. And we will defend the Constitution, the right to life, and the right to keep and bear arms.

Donald Trump: We will end sanctuary cities. We will end catch and release. And we will end the visa lottery scam. And we will finish the wall very quickly in a matter of weeks. We will charge China trillions of dollars for unleashing the virus upon the world. We will place tariffs and other countries. We will do the tariffing thing.

Donald Trump: We have no choice. You know, in China for years, they ripped off our country. They paid hundreds of billions of dollars during our time in office. They never paid $0.10, never $0.10 between tariffs and taxes, hundreds of billions of dollars. And, you know, we made a trade deal. And it was an incredible deal for our farmers and our manufacturers.

Donald Trump: That's why our farmers are doing so well because China -- now I understand that China, once I'm out, China is not going to adhere to the deal. They wouldn't do that with me, but they're not going to adhere. But the farmers did fantastically well. But we made incredible deals with China. We saved our steel industry because they were dumping steel all over our country.

Donald Trump: Our steel industry was going down the tubes. I've had so many people in the steel industry thank me for the job we did. We put massive tariffs on steel that they were dumping in our country, but we took in hundreds of billions of dollars from China. Nobody else took in $0.10 over many, many years, and I'm very proud of it. And China respected us. And then, of course, when COVID or the China virus came in, we had to deal a lot differently.

Donald Trump: But we're very proud of the job we did. We did something that I don't think anybody else could have done. And I want to thank certain governors did a very good job. Certain Republican governors did a very good job. And I can't think of any Democrat governor that did a good job. They were all in lockstep.

Donald Trump: Let's lock up your cities, let's lock up your towns, let's lock up your state, and let's harm your children. Let's take their social lives away at a very young age. We will place tariffs on other countries to restore the glory of American manufacturing. And we will ensure our future is made right here. We're going to manufacture.

Donald Trump: We started it big time right here in the U.S.A. And these are just a few of the steps that we have to take to save the nation, that we love the rest of them. You know, the rest of them, we've discussed today. If we fail in our mission, we already know what the fate of America will be. The radical left is trying to extinguish our very identity as Americans so that when they try to take our freedom, we do not even think to resist.

Donald Trump: They don't resist. They got to resist. They got to fight. They got to fight. We have no choice. We got to fight like hell. We can't let them destroy our country. But our opponents have made a very big mistake. They have done the one thing you must never do if you seek to harm America. They have grossly underestimated the strength and brilliance and pride of the American people.

Donald Trump: They're not going to stand for it. They're not going to take it. The crackdown, censorship, and cancel culture are not an expression of confidence. They are an expression of cowardice and of fear, and they are afraid. They reveal not the dominance of the radical left, but their desperation and their despair.

Donald Trump: They are losing, we are winning. They know it. They know it. And that's why they're going so far. That's why they're doing some of the crazy things that they're doing. They're acting as though they were lunatics, maniacs. And the people get it. And we have to stop it, and we have to stop it now. My fellow Americans, this nation does not belong to the radicals, and it does not belong to the corrupt establishment in Washington that I've gotten to know very well.

Donald Trump: This nation belongs to you, belongs to. It was patriots like you that built this country. And it's patriots like you that are going to save our country. So, to all of those who think that they can coerce and subjugate the citizens of this land, hear these words from me tonight, the people of America will not surrender our borders.

Donald Trump: We will not surrender our culture. We will not surrender our faith. We will not surrender our values. We will not surrender our history. We will not surrender our liberty. And above all, we will not surrender our children to the small band of bullies and extremists who want to tell everyone else what to do. We are done with the fascists and communists and socialists, and we are done with their distorted visions for America.

Donald Trump: It's time to start talking about greatness for our country again. We want our country to be great again. We want our country to be respected again. We are a laughingstock all over the world today. One year ago, we were respected like never before. We are a laughing stock. In summation and in closing, as your president, I instituted the largest tax cut in American history by far, and our economy thrived like never before.

Donald Trump: As your president, I eliminated more burdensome regulations than any other president in history by far. As your president, I proudly protected our Constitution and the First and Second Amendment. As your president, I secured our southern border, upheld the laws of this land, and stopped the influx of illegal immigrants into America.

Donald Trump: Very dangerous illegal immigrants. I instituted the remain in Mexico policy. We don't want you here. You have to remain in Mexico, and Mexico agreed with us. Someday I'll tell you that story. Built over 500 miles of border wall and ended the insanity of catch and release. As your president, I made America energy independent for the first time in 72 years.

Donald Trump: When I left office, America was a net exporter of energy for the first time in our country's history. As your president, I negotiated free and fair trade deals with Canada, Mexico, Japan, all over Europe, and China. We had the worst trade deals ever, and we turned them into some of the greatest trade deals ever made.

Donald Trump: I'm the only president in history to stand up to China and their one-sided and unfair trade practices, and I taxed them and I tariffed them beyond any levels that anybody thought was possible. And you know what? President Xi liked me and respected me, and I liked and respected him. We got along great. We got along great until COVID came.

Donald Trump: And then it was a whole different ball game. But we had a very good relationship. As your president, I kept my promise and chose Supreme Court justices on the list I gave to the country before the 2016 election. I gave a list of great, brilliant conservative justices. As your president, I insisted NATO nations start paying their fair share, and they did.

Donald Trump: Hundreds of billions of dollars started floating in, hundreds of billions of dollars. And Secretary General Stoltenberg was my biggest fan, he said, "I've never believed it because President Obama would go to NATO, make a speech, talk about the weather, the sun, how lovely everyone looks and leave, and others would, too, including President Bush.

Donald Trump: How wonderful everything was." And I went and I said, "I'm sorry, you're all delinquent. You have to pay up." And they said, "Well, does that mean you won't protect us if we don't pay?" I said, "That's what it means." And they said, "Get out the checkbook." And the money flowed in. Billions and billions of dollars flowed in. Oh, these are stories that the fake news doesn't want to talk about.

Donald Trump: I also warned NATO about the danger of Russia. And look at the consequences of foreign policy. The world rightly had a healthy fear that as president, I would stand strong for American priorities. Do you remember, though, when so many people in the Democrat Party and during the debates said, "He's going to get us into the Third World War?" I'm the one that didn't have any wars.

Donald Trump: I'm the one that got us out of wars. Look at Iraq, look at Syria. I was the one that brought us way down in Afghanistan. I brought you down to 2,000 soldiers. The easy part was just getting out. I brought it down from 20,000 soldiers to 2,000 soldiers. The easy part was for Biden to just get them out, let the soldiers stay, the remaining soldiers, and take care of everything.

Donald Trump: It's called soldiers out last. I went to a child who was five years old. You've heard me say this. I said, "Let me ask you a question." I gave him the whole story. "Would you take the soldiers out first, or would you take them out last?" "I'd take them out last." He was five and he understood. They understood any hostile actions would be met with swift and severe consequences.

Donald Trump: The world is always safer when America has a strong president. America has to be strong, and it needs strong leadership. And you see what happens when you have bad, weak, or incompetent leadership. It's a travesty like nobody could believe could happen in such a short period of time. The world is always in danger with a weak American president.

Donald Trump: This coming midterm election is more critical than ever before. I'm asking all of you to fight and work hard to elect candidates that believe in the principles and policies that we hold so dear. This is a tipping point for the country, and the stakes could not be higher. Losing is not an option. We must win in 2022. We must win in 2024. We all know what happens when you get a rigged election like in 2020, will never happen again.

Donald Trump: We all know laws were not followed. Ballot harvesting was rampant. We all know state constitutions were also ignored all over our country. And you're not allowed to do that. The only ones that can make the changes are the state legislatures and they didn't make the changes. We must agree this can never, ever happen again in this country.

Donald Trump: Every state must adopt election integrity measures. Signature verification. Illegal immigrants cannot be allowed to vote like they are currently allowed in New York City. You can walk in and you can vote in New York City. Oh, my beautiful New York. I love New York, my beautiful New York. What's happened?

Donald Trump: Republicans need to watch the vote, counting up close from the start to the finish. We can't allow thugs to throw our people out, which is what happened. Mail-in ballots need to be in secure rooms with cameras so there can be no tampering with ballots. Voter rolls must be updated and they must be accurate, not changed, after the election takes place.

Donald Trump: We must seek a goal of voter ID. This is a goal we have to seek. This is what we should have. Voter ID, same-day voting like we've always done. No mail-in ballots except for our military and people who are truly sick. And you know what would be really wonderful, too? What would be really wonderful? It's asking a lot.

Donald Trump: A thing called, very simply, paper ballots. I have a young son, Barron. Young son. And he can make his computer sing. I turn it off and I lock it. Two minutes later. "Hi, dad. How are you doing?" I said, "What are you doing?" "Yeah, I know how to get it open, Dad." These bad things happen with the vote. Very, very bad things happen.

Donald Trump: Wonderful thing if we could ever go -- by the way, Canada goes to paper ballots. You know that, right? Canada? Paper ballots. America is the greatest country on Earth. And we must insist on integrity in the process. So, we are confident of the results because what we have now is you have 80% of the party thinking the vote was a horrible vote, and I believe that to be the case.

Donald Trump: I know certainly -- I feel certain that it was -- you can't have that. You can't have a great democracy with a thing like that happening. You must get your state legislatures to act now before November. They have to move. They have to act with the help of everyone here today. And with the commitment of hardworking, freedom-loving patriots all across our country, we will make America powerful again.

Donald Trump: We will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We want to be proud again. We will make America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you very much. Thank you. God bless you all. Thank you.