Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-political-rally-miami-florida-november-6-2022

Donald Trump: Wow. Thank you very much. Oh. Oh, this is beautiful. [Audience chants "USA"]

Donald Trump: Oh, what a place. Hello, Miami. And this is a great honor for Marco. I can tell you, it's great to be here in my home state of Florida. This is my home state with thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots, incredible people. Just two days from now, the people of Florida are going to reelect the wonderful, the great, a friend of mine, Marco Rubio, to the United States Senate.

Donald Trump: And you're going to reelect Ron DeSantis as your governor of your state. And you're going to elect an incredible slate of true MAGA warriors to Congress, many of whom are here right now. I think all are here. They're all here. And you're going to vote for America First Republicans. This is what it is, America First.

Donald Trump: When they say policy, the policy is very simple. It's called America First. Up and down the ballot, Republican. And we're going to end Crazy Nancy Pelosi's political career once and for all, once and for all. Under Biden, Pelosi, Schumer and the radical Democrat Congress, Florida workers and families are under siege. [Audience responds, inaudibly]

Donald Trump: We have a feisty crowd today, Marco. We have a feisty -- this is our feisty group of people. That's what we want. That's what we want. Biden and the far-left lunatics are waging war on your jobs, your safety, your values, and your freedom. They're strangling Florida families. They're hitting Florida very hard with soaring prices and devastating, what they're doing to tourism.

Donald Trump: If you think about it, tourism and hospitality service industries with crippling inflation and a dollar, and nobody talks about this, that's valued at a level that makes our country unable to compete with other countries, especially in tourism and in manufacturing. If you take a look at the dollar, it's very hard to compete with other countries and that's what they're doing.

Donald Trump: Maybe they want it that way. Who knows? We want America First. We want Make America Great Again. It's very simple. Very, very simple. The southern border is wide open. Millions of illegal aliens are pouring in, violent crime is out of control, and the far left is indoctrinating our children with twisted race and gender insanity in our schools.

Donald Trump: Other than that, they're doing great, right? How are these people happened and how they've been able to do this to our country is a disgrace. There's only one choice to end this madness. If you support the decline and fall of America, then you must go out and vote for the radical left Democrats. [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: And if you want to stop the destruction of our country and save the American dream, you don't hear too much about the American dream over the last two years, then this Tuesday, you must go out and vote Republican in this giant red wave, Uncle Sam, giant red wave that they're all talking about.

Donald Trump: They're all talking about a red wave. Let's hope that materializes. And I think it will, like I mean -- look at this crowd. Look at the enthusiasm. Enthusiasm. Last night I was in Pennsylvania. [Audience chants "We love Trump"]

Donald Trump: Thank you. So, last night I was in Pennsylvania. Latrobe. You know, Latrobe? That's the home of the great Arnold Palmer. We love Arnold Palmer. And we had tens of thousands of people. And Obama and Biden, we call them O'Biden. [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: Obama and Joe Biden, O'Biden, because it's the same thing, they were in another place in Pennsylvania and they drew flies. You know, they drew flies. And the fake news -- oh, look at all of them back. Oh, Marco, look at all of the fake news. Wow, wow. [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: Wow, that's a lot of fake news. That's a lot of them. [Audience chants "Fake news"]

Donald Trump: So, the fake news never talked about the crowd. We had an unbelievable record crowd you couldn't get in. The place was packed as far as the eye could see, and they had a place all empty seats. It was a disaster. But they don't say. They just say Trump was there and Biden was there, and Obama, Barack Hussein Obama was there.

Donald Trump: And they don't talk about that. By the way, if it was the other way around, it would be headlines all over the place. There is no more urgent task for the future of our country than to stop the invasion on our southern border. It's an invasion. Like a military invasion would be not much different.

Donald Trump: Two years ago, we had the strongest southern border in American history. Two years ago. Seems like a long time ago, doesn't it? When you see what's happened to our country because our country is going to hell. Now, it's the worst border, in my opinion, in the history of the world. No third-world country would ever allow to happen to them what we've allowed.

Donald Trump: They would use sticks and stones. They wouldn't allow millions of people that they don't know anything about to enter their country and to take over their country. It's an invasion. Biden, Pelosi, and the radical Democrats spend all of their time obsessing over the borders of distant foreign nations. Americans deserve a Congress and a president who will protect the borders of our country, of our country.

Donald Trump: It's called America First. America First. Thank you. This year, more Americans will die of fentanyl and drug overdose than the number of Ukrainians killed in a gruesome and bloody war that should have never happened, would have never happened. Yet Biden and the radical Democrats do nothing to stop the lethal poisons pouring across our borders.

Donald Trump: They do nothing. They do nothing. They're coming in, and they're not coming in at 2 million, 3 million. It's 10 million. It's probably more than that. You're talking about numbers that nobody's ever seen before. Since the end of the Trump administration, the drug cartels have seen their revenues skyrocket by an astounding 2,500%. That's not bad, Uncle Sam, right?

Donald Trump: Look at Uncle Sam, stand up. Look at him. He's a handsome gentleman. Yeah. Two thousand five hundred percent, can you believe it? The choice for this election is very simple. Democrats will defund the police. Republicans will defund the cartels. We're going to defund the cartels. They have no choice. Under my leadership, and with the help of Marco and some other great people, including all of the Congress people here, we waged war on the cartels like they've never seen, and we did a big job and we were really knocking it out.

Donald Trump: We ended catch and release. We stopped asylum fraud. We built hundreds of miles of border wall, hundreds of miles. And despite two and a half years of Democrat lawsuits, they sued us. They kept suing us. I think there were 11 lawsuits. We won them all after two and a half years, delayed us for two and a half years.

Donald Trump: They fought us on every single thing you could. I guess they really want -- these people are crazy. They want open borders. We completely finished our original border wall plan. Then we added much more wall when we looked at certain areas that were loose and we almost got that finished. Three more weeks and it would have taken three more weeks to finish it. They could have done it in three weeks.

Donald Trump: It was all set to go. The wall was sitting there, ready to be installed and they didn't want to do it. That's when I said, you know, I think they really believe in open borders. In fact, they took that wall. [Audience chants "Build that wall"]

Donald Trump: They took those big and expensive wall planks, and they moved them to another location so that Arizona, Texas, and other places couldn't just put them up. It would have taken minutes. But that's when I realized these people are -- they're sick, they're sick. And every day, these Democrat policies are getting innocent Americans killed, killed like nobody can believe.

Donald Trump: Just weeks ago, an illegal alien in Deltona, Florida, was charged with horrifically stabbing his wife to death in front of their three children before slitting his own throat. He was here illegally. He had massive, massive mental -- he had mental problems. Everybody knew about it. He came in illegally.

Donald Trump: Earlier this year, an illegal alien was charged with savagely murdering a wonderful married couple who were riding their bicycles near their home in Daytona Beach, murdered them, stabbed them, stabbed them repeatedly, mutilated them, and dumped them in a field in what was described as one of the most brutal murders that the police department in that area, and we love them and we love all of law enforcement, had ever seen.

Donald Trump: And last year, an illegal alien in Polk County was charged with violently beating to death a 74-year-old woman stealing her money and burying her body in a shallow grave. They found it. When Republicans retake Congress, and they will, and they should -- and if they don't, our country will be doomed. Our country will be doomed.

Donald Trump: But when Republicans retake Congress, we must immediately force the restoration of our southern border. We have to do the policies that we have, instead of doubling the number of IRS agents who are allowed to carry guns, by the way. [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: We should double the number of ICE and border Patrol agents. Isn't it interesting? They fight us on the Second Amendment. They fight us on guns and guns that we need for safety. And yet they're allowed to have the IRS agents carry guns, 88,000. If we're going to make America great again, we first have to make America safe again.

Donald Trump: We can't have a great country that's not safe. Under the radical left Democrats, the streets of our cities are ruled by bloodthirsty gangs and violent criminals. Much of the crime wave is caused by drug dealers, who, during the course of their lives, will kill an average of 500 American citizens.

Donald Trump: You people know that, 500. So, one drug dealer over the course of his life or her life will kill 500 Americans. And I'm calling immediately for the death penalty for drug dealers and human traffickers, which will, upon its passage, reduce drug distribution and reduce crime in our nation by more than 75% on one day.

Donald Trump: You know, I used to appoint blue ribbon committees, nice people like Uncle Sam. I'd put him on. A lot of nice people. But, you know, you know, they were very wonderful. They talk and talk and talk. Nothing would happen. And they'd be afraid to do anything anyway. These wonderful blue ribbon committees, made of dilettantes and socialites and lots of people wanted to be on them.

Donald Trump: But that's not the way. I was in China. And I met with President Xi, and I said to him, he thought, probably somewhat naively, I was a little bit embarrassed, 1.5 billion people. He's president for life, just got president for life. I called him the king. I said, "King, what do you think?" "No, I am not the king.

Donald Trump: I said, you're president for life, therefore you're the king." But I got along with him well until COVID. Then I said, "Forget it." Once COVID, the China virus came in, I said, "Forget it." But I said to him, "Do you have a drug problem in China, 1.5 billion people?" He said, "No, no, no, no drug problem." He didn't even know what the hell I was talking about.

Donald Trump: I said, "Well, why don't you have a drug problem?" "Death penalty immediate. We have quick trial." What's a quick trial? A quick trial is they catch the drug dealer and within a period of 48 hours, the trial is over. And if he's guilty, unfortunately, they use -- they have no choice, they use the death penalty.

Donald Trump: And you know what happened? They have no -- they have literally no problem. No problem. We would have the same if we had a meaningful penalty, death penalty. It's not something I want to talk about, but somebody has to. You would stop crime and drugs in this country immediately without all of this nonsense.

Donald Trump: Right now, if you get caught, they give you a jail for a half a day. They don't do anything. You would have a meaningful -- so, he said to me, "No, we have no problem whatsoever." And when I said why, I sort of understood why. And you take a look at Singapore and other countries, wherever they have this, they have absolutely no drug problem.

Donald Trump: You know, where the drug dealers, you know, where they came? They came to the United States, Morocco. They came to the United States of America, where nobody does anything to them, nobody does anything to murderers. Actually, if you look at the Democrat-run cities, they kill somebody, and the next night, they're back on the street allowed to do it again.

Donald Trump: With a Republican Congress, we must also pass critical funding to hire thousands more police officers nationwide in order to put the violent criminals behind bars and keep them behind bars. We can stop crime so easy. We have to give the authority back to the police. They know how to do it. They're waiting to do it. But they don't want to lose their wife.

Donald Trump: They don't want to lose their pension. They don't want to lose their house, their family. They're waiting to do it. We need to let our police do their job as only they can do it. If you want safety for your family and security for your community, you need to vote every Democrat out of office and vote for Republicans up and down the ballot.

Donald Trump: Up and down the ballot. [Audience chants "Drain the swamp"]

Donald Trump: Is there any better place to be than a Marco Rubio rally? This is a Marco -- this is a Marco rally. We got to make sure you win big against a radical left, crazy person. One of the worst and most sinister aspects of the Biden administration is their complete and total corruption of our justice system and the rule of law.

Donald Trump: You see what's happening? Before our very eyes, Biden and his left-wing handlers are turning America into a police state, like something straight out of a communist country. You know, I don't say socialist anymore because we've skipped over socialism. We've passed -- we've taken a pass on socialism.

Donald Trump: The radical Democrats are locking up pro-life activists, persecuting their political opponents, silencing dissent. They are really going to silence dissent. Can you believe it? And in the case of Joe, he doesn't know too much about what they're talking. I don't know, I don't even believe it's Joe. I'm going to ask -- I'm going to ask Marco about that later.

Donald Trump: But he wants dissent silenced and using the full force of government, law enforcement, and the media to try and defeat our movement. And just this week, the Pennsylvania Supreme Court ruled, in effect, that I was 100% right, and the 2020 presidential election in Pennsylvania was riddled with ballots that should never have been counted.

Donald Trump: Think of that. This is an all-Democrat court. It was riddled with ballots. Think of that. That shouldn't have been counted far more than necessary to win. They stated that big things that took place in 2020 presidential election in Pennsylvania were not allowed. They weren't allowed to do it. Now, they did it anyway.

Donald Trump: But they weren't allowed. But they refused the court to invalidate the election. Instead, in the future, they say -- [Audience responds, inaudibly]

Donald Trump: That's true. That's true. [Audience responds, inaudibly]

Donald Trump: By a lot. By a lot. And we have to be very careful. We have to be very careful because they view the vote counter as far more important than the candidate. So, we have to be very -- we have great candidates, we have great people, but they view the vote counter. Think of it as far more important than the candidate.

Donald Trump: Instead, in Pennsylvania in the future, they said that these fraudulent, unsigned, unlimited, horrible unmarked ballots and election irregularities and infractions cannot be done anymore. They can't be done. I said, "OK, now what about 2020?" This was hundreds of thousands of votes and it was only one form of cheating.

Donald Trump: There are many forms of cheating, but it was far more votes that we needed to win the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. And think of it, they said, "It can't be done anymore. But let's forget about 2020." OK, so what the hell is that all about? [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: So, they said we were right, but they said, "I'm sorry, we're not doing anything about 2020." You think they like me? I don't think they like me too much. And this went on -- by the way, this went on in many other swing states, went on in many, many other swing states. How about where you have more votes than you have voters?

Donald Trump: Do you ever hear that? More votes. You have more votes than you had voters by a lot in a lot of places. Every freedom loving America needs to understand that the time to stand up to this growing left-wing tyranny because right now you have to stand up right now. If you want to save your rights and liberties, you have to start by dealing a humiliating rebuke to the radical left maniacs that are running in this election.

Donald Trump: And you have a lot of them. Marco has one of them as his opponent, in my opinion. I don't want to hurt her feelings, but that's my opinion. Marco, is that your opinion, too? Is that your -- Marco doesn't want to be too controversial? Marco says yes. It's his opinion. You better believe it. This Tuesday you have to crush the communists at the ballot box.

Donald Trump: I don't say socialists anymore. I don't say socialist anymore. The socialist, communist and Marxist direction of the radical Democrat Party is one of the biggest reasons that Hispanic Americans are joining our movement by the millions and millions and millions and so many. Millions and millions. Oh, we love -- these are the greatest people.

Donald Trump: They are great. Many, many are here. Who happens to be Hispanic? That's -- great people. Many Hispanic Americans have roots in nations that have been destroyed by these vile ideologies. [Audience chants "We love you"]

Donald Trump: I love you. I love you. Oh, do I love you too? You have no idea how much. Many Hispanic Americans have their roots in nations that have been destroyed, absolutely destroyed by these vile ideologies, and they don't want to see it happen here. And it can happen here. When I was campaigning originally in 2016 and in 2020, where we did much better than we did in 2016, but these are minor details, we used to talk about it and I would constantly talk about that the Hispanics, you know, when I talked about the border and you know, who the biggest fans of that, were the Hispanics, Latinos.

Donald Trump: They knew more about the border than anybody. They knew more about it. Everybody said, "Oh, he's going to hurt himself with Hispanics." Actually, it turned out to be the exact opposite. We are setting records. We're setting records. They understood crime much better than the fools that we have in DC. To every Hispanic American in Florida and across the land, we welcome you to our party and our movement with open, open, open, beautiful arms.

Donald Trump: You are great people. You are entrepreneurial people. Really entrepreneurial. Sometimes you're too entrepreneurial. I'm trying to make deals with people. I can't make a deal. They're too tough. You're warm people, you're proud people, and we love you all, and we really do. And it's so great to see -- even the crazy New York Times today had a big piece about Hispanics coming to the Republican Party.

Donald Trump: And a lot of people say it's the Trump Party that they're coming to. I'm saying let it be the Republican Party. But you do like me. I know that, you do like me. The radical Democrats want to turn America into communist Cuba or socialist Venezuela. And the Republican Party, we are determined that America will never be a socialist country, and America will sure as hell we can't let this happen be a communist country.

Donald Trump: And you know what? If we don't start winning these elections and winning them big and fairly, we're going to end up being a communist, not a communist country, because that's where they're taking it. And we're not going to allow that to happen for six straight years. The witch hunts, hoaxes, and abuses have been coming fast and furious.

Donald Trump: First, we learned they spied on my campaign. How about spying on, let's say, Obama's campaign? How would that be, Marco? [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: You know what they do if they got caught spying on Barack Hussein Obama's campaign? You know what happened, right? They would bring out the electric chair. They would say, "We want immediately the death penalty be reinstituted." Now, think of it. They spied on my campaign. They got caught.

Donald Trump: Everybody knows they got caught.

Donald Trump: And they now are actually admitting it because they have no choice. They got caught. And you know what? Nothing happens. Nothing happens. Then they lied to Congress. They lied to the FISA Court. They created a fake dossier that was done and paid for by Crooked Hillary Clinton, the Democrat National Committee and the Democrat Party. [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: When that phony Crooked Comey came to my office to explain, "Sir, I have a dossier I'd like to tell you about." I didn't care about 99% of it. But there was one thing here that I said, "This is not going to play well with the first lady." And it turned out to be a total fake. The whole thing was made up, and it's a disgrace what's happened to our country.

Donald Trump: This was presented to me by the FBI Comey, a bad guy who lied to Congress, did a lot of bad things. And I only wish that -- I only wish that Bill Barr had the guts to do the job he should have done. He didn't have the guts to do the job he should have done. You know, they said they were going to impeach him.

Donald Trump: And he told me, "Sir, they're going to impeach me. They're going to impeach me." I said, "What's wrong with that? I got impeached twice." My poll numbers went up. But he said, "They're going to impeach me, sir." And do you remember he was very much, you know, in favor of looking into the whole thing with the election fraud.

Donald Trump: He was a big believer. You look at his statement. All of a sudden, he says, "I didn't see anything wrong." Oh, really? Take a look at Detroit. Detroit. Take a look at Detroit, take a look at Philadelphia, take a look at Pittsburgh, take a look at practically anyplace, take a look. All of a sudden, he couldn't find anything.

Donald Trump: Oh, nothing happened. The US attorney in Philadelphia wrote me a letter complaining that Barr wouldn't let him do his job. He ran for governor. He got killed because of that. Barr wouldn't let him do his job. We need people with courage and guts. He didn't want to be impeached, by the way. From that standpoint, it worked out very well for him because they said, anybody that's so stupid to think that there wasn't fraud in this election, we're not -- we're going to leave him alone.

Donald Trump: And they did. They never thought about impeaching him again, but they were going to impeach him. And then I see him all over television. We need strong people. We need people with courage and guts or this movement is going to overtake us. This movement is going to overtake us. And yet, after all their lies and corruption, these same people like little shifty Adam Schiff.

Donald Trump: He's got the perfect head, I say it. People say, "Oh, that's not a nice way." Shifty Adam Schiff, right? He's not a dummy, but a total fraud. No. You know what this represents? Watermelon Head. So, I said watermelon head. And people said, "That's not a nice thing." They said, this guy tried to destroy a lot of very good people.

Donald Trump: He's a bad guy. He's a crooked person. He made a speech on the perfect phone call I made to the Ukrainian president. It was a perfect call. And he made a speech and he imitated what I said, and I said, "That's not what I said. It bore no relationship." And then we produced, fortunately, a transcript of the exact call, right down to the word, right down to the word, and he sort of slinked back.

Donald Trump: And I said, this is great. We're going to sue his ass off. And you know what he said? They said to me, "Sir, if you lie in the United States Congress, you can't be sued. You're immune." So, the speech he made was total -- you know what? I won't use it because my wife always says -- she always says, "Darling, don't use the word bullshit." She So, I'm not going to use it. Tell her, the first lady.

Donald Trump: She said, "Don't use that word." She said, "Please don't use that word." So, I didn't. Remember, first it was Russia, Russia, Russia. This is what I went through. And yet we still had probably the most successful or one of the very most successful presidencies. And this is what I went through. Russia, Russia, Russia, Ukraine, Ukraine, Ukraine.

Donald Trump: The Mueller witch hunt, where the conclusion was no collusion. Do you think Biden can say that? Think of that. Do you think Biden can say that? I don't think so. An impeachment hoax number one, impeachment hoax number two. They went after a guy named Roger Stone who's sitting in the office. Come here. Look at this. [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: Wow. And right now, he's cleaner than anybody in this place. Now, as they treated him very unfairly. And I'll say this in front of Roger. He's no baby. His wife knows that, his wife is better than he is, by the way. But she knows that better than anybody. Thank you, darling, for being here.

Donald Trump: That's very nice. I see him sitting here. I'd like that. They're great. But they treated him very unfairly. What they did was so unfair. So, unfair. And this is happening to many, many, many people. Can't let it happen. It's become like a political, disgusting war. And it didn't happen very much or hopefully at all in the Republican side.

Donald Trump: But you know, what goes around comes around. They have to be very careful. They have to be very careful. The censorship of the Biden family corruption story is Russia, disinformation by the FBI and Facebook. Remember when the FBI went up and they said that the laptop, the "Laptop from Hell" and the incredible woman that wrote that book is Miranda Devine, she's incredible.

Donald Trump: But she actually told me, she said, "Thank you for that name," because I think that was my -- that was one of my beauties, too. We have a lot of beauties. But she wrote a great book about it, and it was indeed the laptop from hell. And you don't see anything happening. It's the "Laptop from Hell," and it's incredible.

Donald Trump: But they went up to Facebook and others, the FBI, like they're working for the Democrat Party, which they are, of course, they have been for a long time. And they said, "This is absolute Russia stuff." No, it was disinformation. They are great at two things. They're horrible at policy, but they're great at cheating on elections and disinformation.

Donald Trump: They're great. If they would spend the same genius on trying to make our country great again, we could make this country that be nobody even close -- you wouldn't have to fight every single day of your life. But that's all they do. They cheat on elections and they put out disinformation. The laptop from hell is a disaster, and the FBI tried to say, "It was from Russia," and it wasn't, but we had good support, but it would have made a 17-point difference in the polls, according to Fabrizio and McLaughlin and the great pollsters would have made a 17-point difference.

Donald Trump: Can you believe that? If people thought that that was true, but they killed it. They killed it. But here's the good news. We didn't need the 17 points. We had far more votes than we needed. We didn't need 17 points. We didn't need two points. We didn't need one point. And then it was on January 6th. Remember the January 6th Unselect Committee of political hacks and thugs?

Donald Trump: These are political hacks. How's Liz Cheney doing? Oh, how's she doing? [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: How is she doing? How is Liz Cheney doing, Marco? I don't know. She's not doing good. I saw the other day on television, she said, this girl -- now, you have to understand, Liz Cheney lost by more votes in a great, great state, a state that I won. I think it was my No. 1 state in her state, Wyoming.

Donald Trump: She lost by more votes than any congressman in the history of our country, lost congresswoman. And the other day, the fake news, one of them standing right there said, said, "I believe she's got a great future in politics." She's got no future in politics. They said right there, "I believe she's got a great future in politics." She lost by 40 points, the most ever.

Donald Trump: Because usually when a congressman -- I'm going to explain this to the congressmen, of which we have a lot. Usually when the congressmen are that far behind, they quit. They don't go through the election and that kind of humiliation. So, they quit. So, she lost by 40. And I'll tell you another one that had the record until she came along happens to be from South Carolina, a guy named Tom Rice.

Donald Trump: He was an impeacher. He lifted up his hand to impeach the president for no reason whatsoever. He forgot that he was in a Trump plus 28 district. This was not a good political move. And he was at 26. But Liz Cheney blew him out of the water, 40. Nobody's ever lost by 26. Because usually if you're going to be that, you know, there's something really bad happened if that's -- so, usually you get out.

Donald Trump: You never get to test it, right? Because you had some of that probably, but they get out. She didn't get out. She made a fool out of herself. But think of it. They are saying, "I wonder what her future holds. I think she has a brilliant political future." She's got no future whatsoever. And by the way, the father got us into the Middle East and it should have never happened.

Donald Trump: They blew the place apart. Millions of people dead for no reason. But also, the appalling misconduct by the racist and incompetent New York State Attorney General, Leticia Peekaboo James. Do you ever hear of Peekaboo James? Who is presiding over record numbers of murders, rapes, drug deals and every other form of crime in our once great New York State?

Donald Trump: Oh, I love New York State. What happened? What happened to it? But she only spends her time going after her political opponents. Peekaboo. Just last week, at her request, a radical left lunatic judge named Engoron, this is a lunatic. This is a guy that hates Trump so much, he actually ran a newspaper about Trump, how much he hates, and he's allowed to make a decision on me. Engoron.

Donald Trump: Study the name, watch the name. He's a lunatic. Started a process of property confiscation akin to Venezuela, Cuba, or the Soviet Union. We appreciate, actually, for a change. The Wall Street Journal actually got it right. They got it right. They said, this can't happen in this country. Likewise, a local left-wing DA in Atlanta is after me for an absolutely perfect phone call.

Donald Trump: I think even more perfect than my perfect phone call to Ukraine, where I spoke to the president, who, in all fairness, Zelensky said that call was perfect. He said there was nothing wrong with that call. I called him up to congratulate him on his victory when he ran for office. And I end up getting impeached for -- this was just a cabal.

Donald Trump: This was just a group of people where Crazy Nancy Pelosi -- by the way, how is she doing lately? How is she doing? Where Crazy Nancy Pelosi has the votes and they never -- you know, one thing I have to say, and I'm speaking to mostly Republicans. Is there a Democrat in the House? You know, you can't even see the end of the back where these people are?

Donald Trump: Marco, this is a hell of a turnout for you, especially with football going on and all of the things happening. This is a hell of a turnout, with all of the things going on. But a local left-wing DA in Atlanta is after me for an absolutely perfect phone call about a subject that I think we have a right to talk about is called election integrity.

Donald Trump: Well, in Atlanta, it was just announced, it's among the highest murder rates per capita of any city in the country, death, murder, drugs, rape. And they go after me for making a call on election integrity. You got to have election integrity, and you have to have borders. I think I've taught people two things, maybe more than anything else, election integrity and borders, because most people used to think the elections were honest in our country, and now we're a laughingstock all over the world.

Donald Trump: In France, by the way, they just had an election. Thirty-six million votes, all paper ballots, all one day, it was over at 11:00 and nobody had any questions. All of these local Democrat-run cases are being directed out of Washington. It's a weaponization. We have a weaponized Department of Justice and a weaponized FBI, including, of course, the very famous raid on Mar-a-Lago and the document hoax case, which violated my Fourth Amendment rights and something that has never been done to another president.

Donald Trump: No other president has ever done this. Presidents leave, they take things, they take documents, they take things, they read them. Nobody else has ever gone through this. This is a charade. They failed on every one of those things that I mentioned, plus many others. And this is their next weapon. These people are sick.

Donald Trump: They're coming after me because I'm fighting for you. That's very simple. I'm fighting for you. The radical left thinks that by doing all of these wicked and venomous things, they're making us weaker. But actually, they are making us stronger, and they are making us far more unified and united. We're far more unified and united.

Donald Trump: I believe that, too, and I don't believe this country is going to take it much longer. I think what they're witnessing now is from third world and it's from communism, and I just don't think they're going to take it much longer. To every citizen who is appalled by the radical left's lawlessness and corruption, this election is your chance to make your voice heard.

Donald Trump: With your vote, you can reject left-wing tyranny and proudly declare that America must remain a free country. It has to remain because it's not a free country, though. And if the media in the back -- you have all that media. But if the media in the back were truly vigilant, it would be the single greatest reason and the single greatest hope for our country because they'd watch over our country and they'd treat everybody fairly.

Donald Trump: But they don't do that, but they would watch. That would make a bigger difference than any politician can make. I believe that, Marco, if they were vigilant and honest, which they're not, that would be the biggest difference you could make in this country. You people could straighten out our country and the corruption, but you could take the worst -- if you just went out, took five -- picked the worst presidents in American history and put them together, they would not have done the damage Joe Biden has done to our nation in less than two short years.

Donald Trump: You know, we have a clip. I bought these beautiful, beautiful boards. We have a clip. Just take a look at the screen right up here. [Commercial break] [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you, everybody. You know, we put that up and some people laugh and they smile and they snicker. But honestly, it's not a funny thing. It's a very dangerous situation for our country. Nuclear weapons are being discussed for the first time that I've ever -- I've been in this world for a long time, and I've listened and I've watched.

Donald Trump: And there are words that you can't say. And one of the words is nuclear. And now, it's being thrown around in a certain way, in a very dangerous way, every single day, every morning and afternoon. It's never happened before, and our country is in serious danger. And one thing I've learned very strongly is I've dealt with all of the leaders and I get along with them, and we were tough.

Donald Trump: I renegotiate trade deals. I mean, they couldn't have loved me too much. I got them to pay for the NATO $430 billion. They were all delinquent, almost all of them, and they had to pay 430 billion. I said, no, we're not going -- they said, "Sir, does that mean you will not protect us if we don't pay?" One of the presidents of one of the countries, 28 countries.

Donald Trump: And they said, "Does that mean that you're not going to" -- I said, that's what it means. If you're delinquent -- in real estate term, if you're delinquent, you don't get protection. So, he said, "You mean if Russia came and attacked us, you will not protect us if we don't pay?" "That's right. Exactly right.

Donald Trump: You understood it." The next day, like $400 billion came in. It was rather amazing. Now, if I would have done the typical political thing. "No, we'll always protect you, I promise." What's the purpose of their paying? They wouldn't pay. Marco knew about that. I talked to Marco about that. He understood it better than anybody.

Donald Trump: Under my leadership, we had, for the first time, American energy independence and even American energy dominance. We were going to be dominant in a matter of months. We were going to be bigger than Russia and Saudi Arabia combined. I'd say that's pretty good. And he came in, he just said, "No, that's it." Now they're begging for oil.

Donald Trump: It's so sad. Now, you take a look at what's happened, where Biden goes and pleads with OPEC, and now it's called OPEC Plus. You know that, right? Because it's OPEC Plus, Plus, Plus. Everybody wants to be a member. You didn't even hear the term OPEC because I had basically wiped out -- for four years, you never heard OPEC even mention.

Donald Trump: We had so much oil. We had the opposite problem. The price got so low we had to save the oil companies. We had so much. We were $1.87 a gallon for gasoline. Think of that, $1.87. Now today in California, they hit -- they just broke $8 a gallon. And the rest of you are going to follow. Don't forget, we filled up the strategic reserves, which is something a president doesn't want to do. But when the price per barrel got so low, we made a deal and we -- 75 million barrels, all of that's being dissipated, and we're almost empty.

Donald Trump: And it's not supposed to be used for that. It's supposed to be used for military emergencies. Real big. Not for getting the price of gasoline down so that people can get a couple of more votes in an election, which is what they're doing. But starting on the 9th, that ends. You know, prices are going to go through the roof just like your turkey prices are gone.

Donald Trump: Don't expect a turkey on Thanksgiving. Number one, you can't get them. Number two, if you can get them, you're going to pay three times more than you did last year. So, somebody would say, "Oh, good. Well, we'll get ham." That's two and a half times more. I think what you do just -- I don't know what you do, but what's happened to our country is unthinkable.

Donald Trump: Instead of increasing production, as you know, with OPEC, they cut the production. They cut it. He went over and he specifically asked for the fist bump. Remember I said, "You don't have to do that." It's so disrespectful. It's so disrespectful. But he does the fist bump and he goes over to ask for help. And instead of giving help, they do the opposite of what he asks.

Donald Trump: That didn't happen with me. I will tell you. We gave you the largest tax cuts and regulation cuts in American history. By contrast, the radical Democrat Congress passed one of the largest tax hikes in American history. You got to get Mitch McConnell to be a lot tougher. Mitch McConnell. You can have Mitch McConnell and his wife, Coco.

Donald Trump: Coco Chow, you can have them both. Under the Trump administration, we had the greatest economy in the history of the world with no inflation. Biden and the Democrat Congress created the worst inflation in over 50 years, 9.1%. But it's much higher than that. It's not 9.1. It's much higher than that. I rebuilt our military, including our nuclear capability and the creation of Space Force, the first time in 79 years since Air Force, 79 years.

Donald Trump: And it's turned out to be incredibly important. It turned out to be incredibly -- Russia and China were dominating space, and Biden wanted to end it. And you know what happened? The military backed up. You won't be reading it from these people. The military backed up and said, "We have to have it. It's going to be one of the most important branches." They surrendered our strength and turned Afghanistan into the greatest humiliation our country has ever had.

Donald Trump: And now, we have a war between Russia and Ukraine with potentially hundreds of thousands of people dying. So, many thousands of people have died, the places being blown to smithereens. It would have never, ever happened if I was president. And you know, who knows that? President Putin knows that, would have never happened.

Donald Trump: We discussed it a lot. It would have never happened. Not even a chance. And you know what? It didn't happen. It didn't. Somebody said, "Well, maybe it would have." It didn't happen. We also imposed historic sanctions on the evil regimes in Cuba and Venezuela. You know that, right? And working closely with Marco Rubio.

Donald Trump: And he was an incredible help. We reversed the Obama Biden administration's horrendous and very weak Cuba policy. It was so pathetic. And we canceled their cruel betrayal of the Cuban people. They betrayed the Cuban people. I vowed not to lift sanctions until all political prisoners were freed. Freedoms of assembly and expression were respected.

Donald Trump: All political parties were legalized, and free elections were scheduled. And it was all happening. And then the election got rigged. And that was the end of that. But we'll get it back very quickly. It won't take long. By contrast, the Biden administration has completely abandoned the people of Cuba, Nicaragua, and Venezuela, completely, completely, completely.

Donald Trump: I have a little development in, they call it Little Venezuela. Doral. Did anybody ever hear of Doral Country Club? And they are the greatest people. We're surrounded by so many Venezuelans. Actually, I think I'm in Venezuela whenever I go there, but it's such an incredible, prosperous community. The people are incredible, just absolutely incredible.

Donald Trump: I call it a great location because the people make it a great location. Venezuelans, so many. They got rid of sanctions, they undercut the brave protesters. This is the Biden administration risking their lives in Cuba, and they disgracefully stood by the, think of this, Catholic clergy. They were jailed in Nicaragua, and our country did nothing about it whatsoever, nothing whatsoever.

Donald Trump: The radical Democrats have sold out American interests, and they've turned their back on American values and, in particular, the Hispanic community. They've turned their back on the Hispanic community. I think the numbers -- I know the numbers are being considered massive. I think it's going to end up being 100%. Why would anybody stand for what the Democrats have done to the Hispanic community?

Donald Trump: The election was rigged and stolen, and now our country is being destroyed. I ran twice, I won twice, and I did much better the second time than I did the first, getting millions and millions more votes in 2020 than we got in 2016, and likewise getting more votes than any sitting president in the history of our country by far.

Donald Trump: And now, in order to make our country successful, safe and glorious, I will probably have to do it again. But stay tuned. That's pretty good. Thank you. Stay tuned to tomorrow night in the great state of Ohio. Stay tuned. We have a big rally there for JD. We have a big, big, big rally. Stay tuned, tomorrow night in Ohio.

Donald Trump: We have to win a historic victory for Republicans on Tuesday. Two days from now, you have the chance to reelect an incredible champion of Florida workers and families. He really is -- I got to know Marco so well. And we did. We will -- we admit it. We had a rough campaign together. He was tough. He was smart.

Donald Trump: But I got to know him really as president. And we did great together. We did incredible things together for Hispanic community, but for every community. And he's incredible. He's an incredible guy. He's a true conservative warrior who gets the job done. Marco Rubio gets the job done. Marco was one of the driving forces and absolutely a driving force behind our tax cuts, the biggest tax cuts in the history of our country, bigger than the Reagan tax cuts many decades before.

Donald Trump: And he was fighting to double the child tax credit. In fact, I would say, Marco, take it easy, please, take it easy. He felt so strongly about that one right along with Ivanka. But they fought for it and they got it and we got it. And I'm very happy we did. He was also instrumental in creating the Paycheck Protection Program, which saved and protected 6 million Florida jobs from the China virus.

Donald Trump: That was a good one. Marco Rubio worked hand in hand with my administration to reform the VA. He loves the vets. Take care of our veterans, reduce the price of insulin for Florida seniors. You see the low prices. That's because of us, the low prices. They never thought they were going to see those numbers for Florida seniors and stand up to the Cuban and Venezuelan dictatorships and protect the beautiful Florida Everglades.

Donald Trump: He did all of this. He did so much, and he did a lot more. And he doesn't want credit. I said, "Marco, you got to take credit for some of these things." But he did a lot of these things, some of them single handedly. Marco is endorsed by practically every police and law enforcement organization right in the state of Florida.

Donald Trump: And he is truly a candidate and the candidate for law and order. Marco is running against radical Democrat Val Demings. [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: She's cratering. She's cratering, by the way. Her campaign is cratering, I hope at least. We'll find out on Tuesday. It better be cratering, or we have problems in this state, in this country. But she's voted with Biden and Crazy Nancy Pelosi 100% of the time. Over the last two years, Demings voted for every single one of Joe Biden's inflation-causing spending bills, one of the big reasons for inflation.

Donald Trump: She voted no on the border wall. Can you imagine? No, we don't want a border wall. Let the people come into our country. She sued us. She was one of the people that sued us on the border wall. We don't want a border wall. She voted yes on funding for deadly sanctuary cities, and she supported gutting my Title 42 protection at the border where people were not allowed to come into our country.

Donald Trump: They weren't allowed. Demings praised left-wing riots as a beautiful sight. She said, "Oh, what a beautiful sight," as they burned down Portland and lots of other places and people were being killed, as you know. They were being killed. You take a look at what's happened. You take a look at the travesty of what they've done to some of these cities.

Donald Trump: And she also voted for an $8.2 trillion tax hike, the largest -- that would be the largest tax hike in the history of our country. On top of all that, she was one of the Crazy Nancy Pelosi's handpicked impeachment managers. She walked in so proudly, "We're going to impeach the president for a phone call. That was perfect.

Donald Trump: Congratulations on your victory, Mr. President. Let's impeach him for that." These people are stone cold, crazy. Val Demings is a radical left maniac. You need Marco Rubio fighting for you in the US Senate. He is fantastic. Marco, come on up. Come on up, Marco.

Marco Rubio: Mr. President, I think Miami-Dade County likes you a lot. I think they love you a lot. Thank you for coming. And you know, he's a Florida voter. I called him a couple of weeks ago. I want to make sure I had both of those votes in Mar-a-Lago locked in. And here's what I want to say, Mr. President, you know this already.

Marco Rubio: You go to a lot of places around this country. We have a wonderful state with a lot of people, not only from Miami-Dade. There's people here from all over the state that have made the trip here to be a part of this. But I want to speak specifically about so many that live here in South Florida, because that's where we are.

Marco Rubio: This is a community of people who lost their country. They saw the destruction of countries, the nation of their birth. They saw what socialism and communism and Marxism can do. And they are not going to lose this country. Like so many Americans, they love America. But when you know what life is like somewhere else, you will fight to save it. This community will fight to save it. We're going to see it on Tuesday.

Marco Rubio: And thank you for coming to fire everybody up. [Audience chants "USA"]

Donald Trump: Great. Wow. I wish I would have said that. That was very good. Nah, he's great. He's a great guy, too. We're also thrilled by some of the people that have come here. We have a really outstanding man. He was your governor. Did a fantastic job as your governor. Now, he's your senator and he's way back there, Rick Scott, Senator Scott.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Rick. He really did. He works hard, and he's good. We also have a lot of Congress people down. You know, you have a lot of them, and we have them almost all here, I think. Representatives Mario Diaz-Balart. Where is Mario? Where is Mario? Good guy. Gus, Gus Bilirakis. Gus. Hi, Gus. You're getting a lot taller.

Donald Trump: I don't know what happened to you. Great family. A real leader. A great guy, a great patriot. Somebody that's helped us a lot, Vern Buchanan. Vern, thank you very much. Thank you very much. Great. A man who's a fantastic person, gets a little bit controversial on occasion. But I will tell you, there's nobody better than this guy.

Donald Trump: And he's been through a lot. And the word that we can't say, I'm not going to say, but he went through things that having to do with that. It was terrible the way he got treated. He's so tough. He's so strong, and everybody stayed with him. He's smart and he loves this state and he loves this country. Matt Gaetz.

Donald Trump: Great man. Great man. Really great. Thank you, Matt, and we apologize to you on behalf of the country. All of us do, because what you went through is just terrible and so unnecessary. A really good guy and somebody that knows the military, he sees on all the time. Nobody knows more. Michael Waltz. Thanks, Michael.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Michael. Thanks, Michael. Say hello. Kat Cammack, she is she's sort of just started out, but I don't know. I think you've been there a long time. In terms of knowledge, you've been there a long time. You've done a great job. Thank you, Kat, very much. And she's only leading by about 44 points. So, I don't know.

Donald Trump: We have to worry about. Another one that's leading by about 44 points is somebody that -- you know, he gave me an award a long time ago, probably six or seven years ago, and he made a speech. And his speech was so good. I said, "You know, have you ever thought of running for office?" He said, "No." I said, "You should think about it." All of a sudden, two years later, I get a call.

Donald Trump: He's running for office, and he ends up winning and just decimating his opponent. His name is Byron Donalds. Byron. Thanks, Byron. Great job. Great job. And he's a great guy. Another man who's really turned out to be a friend of mine, because I think he likes the way the Hispanics like Trump, and he really is. He's a very talented person.

Donald Trump: He's leading by quite a bit. You know, I watch all of their polls. I watch them more than I watch my polls because to be honest, we have to worry about this one really right now. We have to get this done. We have to get it done on Tuesday. Carlos Gimenez. Carlos. Thank you, Carlos. Good job. President of the Florida Senate and candidate for Florida Agriculture commissioner, a friend of mine also, Wilton Simpson.

Donald Trump: Wilton. Wilton, thank you. Thank you, Wilton. State representative and future speaker of the Florida House, Danny Perez. Danny, thank you. Thank you. Good job, Danny. State representatives, we have a lot of them here, but we'll go quickly. Lawrence McClure, Demi Busatta, Anthony Rodriguez, Josie Tomkow, James Buchanan, Juan Fernandez-Barquin, Wyman Duggan.

Donald Trump: State Senator Ileana Garcia. Whoa! I guess there's a person that's going for higher office. It's like a poll, you know? This is all like a poll. You know, it's like a poll? When this many people come out, that's like a poll. That's like a poll. That's better than any poll, right, Mike? Former ambassador to the Organization of American States, Carlos Trujillo.

Donald Trump: Carlos, great lawyer. The mayor of Hialeah. I was so honored to endorse him. Oh, he's popular. Listen to that. Steve Bovo. Steve. They like Steve. Wow. That's great. Chairman of the Republican Party of Florida, Joe Gruters. Joe Gruters. He's done an incredible job. Joe. Great job you've done, Joe, you know?

Donald Trump: And he's a person -- he's not looking for, like, personal stuff. He just wants to win. Those are the ones we appreciated Joe very much. Republican candidates for Congress, Cory Mills. Wow. Have you done a job? Where's Cory? Wow. Cory. Hi, Cory. What a job. Anna Paulina Luna. I saw her on television yesterday.

Donald Trump: She ripped it. But they both have my complete and total endorsement in case anyone doesn't know. But they do, and they have had for a long time. Every one of these people that I'm announcing has my complete and total endorsement. You know what? If they didn't, you know what? I wouldn't announce them. Who the hell cares, right?

Donald Trump: Republican nominee for Miami-Dade Commission, Kevin Cabrera. Kevin. A man who does a terrific job for the Republican Party, Matt Schlapp. Where's Matt? Matt Schlapp. What a great guy he is. And a man who I just happened to catch about half of his speech. I got in and I said, "Who's ripping it up there?" And it was a person named Don Trump Jr. And he's great, and he's great.

Donald Trump: You know, I have to tell this one story because he's sitting here, so I can tell -- he's probably heard me tell it a couple of times, not much, but to show you how evil these people are. So, Don went to great school. He went to the Wharton School of Finance, all this stuff. Good student. He was great. He was no problem whatsoever.

Donald Trump: He's just a good, young guy. And I decided to go into politics. I said, "You know, life is too good. Everything's perfect. Let's screw up your life a little bit, OK?" And so, I take my family along with me. And, you know, they've really suffered when you think of it. But they don't have any second questions or doubts because we have done so much for this country and we can do more.

Donald Trump: We're going to do a lot more. But to show you how evil -- so, the Russia, Russia, Russia hoax turned out to be a total scam. Now, the Times admits it, the Washington Post, everybody admits it. It was a scam and we caught them. Eventually, we caught them. And they made up a story about Russia, Russia, Russia that I was close to Putin, you know?

Donald Trump: And the only one that knew for sure that that wasn't true was Putin. He was saying, "I never knew we knew each other so well." I'm the one that ended the pipeline, remember? I'm the one that put all the sanctions on Russia. He said, "If you're close to me, I don't want to have you as an enemy." He did say that.

Donald Trump: But they said Russia, Russia, Russia. And Schiff gets up, he goes to these meetings that are supposed to be secret. He goes in front of a microphone. No dummy, by the way, he's a bad human being, very unattractive guy, physically and inside also. See, they'll say, "Oh, you shouldn't say that about a person's appearance." In this case, I'll say it, I'll say it. And he gets up to the microphones and he said -- now, he knows.

Donald Trump: Think of this. Him and Crooked Hillary and these people made up the whole Russia story. It was a story that was supposed to be a one-day story, as an excuse for why she lost an election that everyone thought she was going to win, right? So, it was a one-day story, but it mushroomed because of the fake news media, because they loved it and they kept going.

Donald Trump: And then it got bigger and bigger. [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: It got bigger and bigger. And I saw it even when I came down the escalator. Young people in the campaign, "Oh, sir, it's such an honor to meet you. Sir, may I ask you a question?" "What?" "Do you know anything about Russia?" I said, "Not much. You know I haven't done this too much. No, not too much." And then Marco, a couple of -- and you were so great to me on that, by the way.

Donald Trump: A couple of other people would come up to me two or three months later, they'd say, "Sir, do you know anything about Russia? I'd like to know, sir." "No, I don't." But after this question asked to me about six times, I said, "What the hell is going on with Russia?" And it was a whole scam. But this was supposed to last right after it was started by her campaign manager and Comey.

Donald Trump: But this was right after the election I had won, and they were embarrassed because they thought they were going to win. And she did things like not going to Wisconsin and, you know, minor things like that. But she didn't run a great campaign. Plus, people can't stand her. You know, that helps. It's always nice to be liked.

Donald Trump: Oh, did you see the poll that just came out? Women love Trump again. Did you see that? Just came out. I have to -- you know, I have to interject every once in a while. I have to -- you know what they'll say? He was on different subjects. Nobody can do what I do. I go here, I go there, I go there and always get back to the right subject.

Donald Trump: But think of it. So, this guy, Schiff, they made up a story. It was a fake story. They all knew it. And he goes up about a fine, young guy named Don Trump Jr., goes before the microphones and said to a bevy of these fakers over here, he gets up to the mic and he said, "Donald Trump Jr, the son of the president of the United States, will be going to jail for what he did with Russia." This kid knew nothing about Russia.

Donald Trump: Now, think of this, how bad a person. He knew it was a scam. He knew it was a fake story. He knew that Hillary, him, and a bunch of sleazebags made the story up. And he's saying in front of the world that my son is going to jail for what he did, knowing it was a fake story. These are bad people. These are very dangerous people.

Donald Trump: And I also apologize to you, Don, because I got you into this mess. OK? All right. But he's strong and he handled it. I mean, he handled it. They had him in the Intelligence Committee for 28 hours, 28 hours. A guy named Barr, he always liked me. And I thought I got him elected because when I won, I carried him over the line, lousy politician from a great state, North Carolina.

Donald Trump: And all of a sudden, he went bad. But they had him on something like insider trading. And there were those people that think he made a deal to get out of his problem on insider trading by going after Trump because he changed. But you know what happened? Marco Rubio happened, and Marco Rubio said, "Donald Trump did absolutely nothing wrong." And if I did, he would not say that.

Donald Trump: And I won't forget that. And he became chairman. Marco became chairman when he said it. And Barr always liked me. You know, I heard just last night they said, "Barr really liked you a lot, but he had no choice. He wanted to save his ass, OK? He wanted to save his ass. So, he maybe made a deal." Of course, they say maybe because this way it's a little easier.

Donald Trump: Maybe he made a deal. But I have a feeling that that could have happened. Also, with us are many members of Club 45, I love. Where is Club 45? Those people. Look at them. There they are. We have a club like in Palm Beach, where these people are absolutely crazed. We love them. They said, "Sir, would you speak?

Donald Trump: Could you say hello?" Thank you, darling. Look at that. Look at these people. How beautiful they are. I'm not allowed to say that. So, I mean beauty inside and out. So, you're not allowed to talk about a person's looks anymore. But I will always do that, I'm sorry. But you know what? Great people, Club 45 in Palm Beach.

Donald Trump: They have these -- no, they're just so committed. "Sir, could you speak?" I actually went to speak. There were so many people. Secret Service was not happy about that. And the fire department wasn't happy about it. Thousands and thousands of people showed up. It was incredible. So, I just want to thank you and the founding members, Sue and Larry Snowden, and a man named -- a man that nobody's ever heard of. He's the single greatest purchaser of commercials in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: I cannot stand it anymore. Mike Lindell, Mike Lindell. In the history of our country, nobody -- I always tell people, I say, "Why don't you buy commercials like Mike Lindell?" I'd get 10 times the number. I don't know what the hell he does. I'm going to find. I think he waits, Marco. I think he waits till just before -- like 10 seconds before air time.

Donald Trump: And then Fox says, "We haven't sold that." He says, "I'll give you 100 bucks for it." No, he does commercials. It lasts like five minutes. I never saw anything. They're supposed to be 30. You are the most -- and I'm sure his pillows are good. Actually, they are good because I have them. But I'm more impressed with your ability to buy commercials because I think you -- and he's a patriot, let me tell you.

Donald Trump: Hey, they took his phone. You know, the FBI pulled him over a couple of weeks ago. They took his phone. I'm sure they'll learn a lot from your phone. [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: All they got to learn is how good is the pillow business? And I actually would like to find that out because anybody that can buy that many commercials, the pillow business has to be really good. But anyway, thank you, Mike. Great patriot. He's a great patriot. And he's not afraid to say that the election was rigged and stolen.

Donald Trump: Aren't you, Mike? He knows it better than most. I also want to send our love to all of the communities throughout our state that are still recovering from the terrible devastation of Hurricane Ian. That was a terrible, terrible thing to every family torched by the storm. You're in our prayers. And to every unsung hero who has helped with this massive recovery, there's so many people helping, we thank you.

Donald Trump: They're going to be in bad shape for a long time. It's hard to believe that a storm can be that powerful. When Republicans take back Congress, we will fight for the people of Florida, as I did always. Rick Scott will tell you, Marco will tell you, I was the first one to call, and I was saying, whatever you need.

Donald Trump: And we always took care of the hurricanes and we took care of them fast, Marco. One of the first things we must do and stand up for, and I can't even believe I have to say this, parental rights. Can you imagine we're going to stand up for the parents? Of course, you're going to stand up. Now, we even have to say it because they are trying to destroy parents.

Donald Trump: We will get critical race theory out of our schools, out of our military, and out of every part of our federal, state, and local governments. And at long last, every parent in America must be empowered to opt out of the forced indoctrination in the classroom and to send their child to the public, private, charter, religious or home school of their choice.

Donald Trump: We will also keep men out of women's sports, if you don't mind. When we just can't do this. It's so -- you know, it's very demeaning, frankly, to women. I don't understand. They say it's politically incorrect to talk about it. We're going to talk about it. No teacher should ever be allowed to teach transgender to our children without parental consent.

Donald Trump: Another one of our highest priorities under a Republican Congress will be to stop left-wing censorship and to restore free speech. You hear that the media in America and go out and sign up now for Truth Social. It's a hot, hot thing, and it's a lot better than Twitter. It's our voice. And everywhere the Republican Party has the chance, we must pass critical election integrity reforms, including universal voter ID, citizenship confirmation.

Donald Trump: They don't want that because they don't want people to know that they don't happen to live in our country. No more fake drop boxes, no private money pouring into local election offices. And ultimately, we need very simply, same-day voting with only paper ballots. That's all we need. We are just two days away from the most important midterm election in American history, and we need a landslide so big that the radical left cannot rig it or steal it. Everybody needs to get out and vote.

Donald Trump: And if you care about election integrity, volunteers and election worker, poll watcher or poll challenger, so important. This is the year we are going to take back the House. We are going to take back the Senate. We are going to take back America. We're going to take back America. And in 2024, most importantly, we are going to take back that big, beautiful, magnificent White House.

Donald Trump: We're going to take it back. Together, we will fight for more jobs. We're going to fight for more jobs for American families, fair trade for American workers, and more American factories forging more products stamped with Uncle Sam. The beautiful phrase Made in the USA, Uncle Sam. We will shut down Biden's border disaster, reinstitute our strong Remain in Mexico policy, which was very difficult to get.

Donald Trump: Strengthen the patriots of ICE and Border Patrol. We're going to strengthen them. Brandon Judd. Great guy. Tom Homan, great guy. We had it done with greatest we've ever had. We will again end catch and release. We will end chain migration. We will end visa lottery, all things that you don't know what they are.

Donald Trump: Believe me, they're bad. And we will end illegal immigration once and for all. We will stop the crime wave in Democrat-run cities, and we will give our police the power they need and the respect they deserve. And we will not take legal protection away from our police. We will restore law and order in America.

Donald Trump: We will hold China accountable for unleashing the virus upon the world. We will abolish all COVID mandates and lockdowns and retire. We got to get them all knocked out. I'm going to rehire every patriot who is fired from the military with an apology and full back pay. That'll happen. We will defend our Constitution.

Donald Trump: We will defend the Second Amendment, and we will proudly uphold the Judeo-Christian value and principles of our nation's founding. We will restore patriotic education to our schools, and we will teach our children to love their country, honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag. In conclusion, and, you know, we wanted to make this a long one in honor of that guy, but we got to, we got to because there's nothing more important than what we're going to be doing.

Donald Trump: In conclusion, our MAGA movement, Make America Great Again, remember? Biden said the other day, "We will stop the MAGA movement." I said, "Wait a minute. It's called the Make America Great Again. You're going to stop?" It is by far the greatest political movement in the history of our country. Together, we are standing up against some of the most menacing forces, entrenched interests, and vicious opponents our people have ever seen.

Donald Trump: Despite great outside dangers, our biggest threat remains the sick and sinister and evil people from within our country. And you know who they are. But no matter how big or powerful the corrupt radical left Democrats that we are fighting against may be, you must never forget that this nation does not belong to them.

Donald Trump: This nation belongs to you. This is your home. This is your heritage. And our American liberty is your God-given right. From Tampa to Tallahassee, from Pensacola to Sarasota, and from Jacksonville to Miami, we inherit the legacy of generations of American patriots who gave their blood, sweat, and tears to defend our country and our freedom.

Donald Trump: We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who crossed the oceans, blaze the trails, settle the continent, tame the wilderness, laid down the railroads, dug out the Panama Canal, raised up the skyscrapers, won two World Wars, defeated fascism and communism. And from right here in this beautiful state, this wonderful, lovely state, I love Florida, launched our brave American astronauts to plant the stars and stripes on the face of the moon.

Donald Trump: Together, they made America into the single greatest nation in the history of the world. [Audience chants "We love you"]

Donald Trump: But now we are a nation in decline. We are a failing nation. We are a nation that has the highest inflation in 50 years, and where the stock market finished the worst first half of the year since 1872. Likewise, we are a nation that has the highest energy cost in its history. We are no longer energy independent or energy dominant as we were just two short years ago.

Donald Trump: We are a nation that is begging Venezuela, Saudi Arabia, and many other countries for oil. "Please, please, please help us," Joe Biden says. Yet we have more liquid gold right under our feet than any other country. We are a nation that is consumed by the radical left's Green New Deal. Yet everyone knows that the Green New Deal will lead to our total destruction.

Donald Trump: We are a nation whose leaders are demanding all electric cars even though they can't go far, cost too much, and whose batteries are produced in China with materials only China has available to them, when an unlimited amount of gasoline is available inexpensively in the United States, but not available in China.

Donald Trump: We are a nation that ended oil exploration and production in the United States, just as the price of oil reached an all-time high. What other country would do such a thing? We are a nation that surrendered in Afghanistan, leaving behind dead soldiers, American citizens, and $85 billion worth of the finest military equipment in the world.

Donald Trump: And we are a nation that allowed Russia to devastate a country, Ukraine, killing hundreds of thousands of people. And it will only get worse. It would never have happened with me as your commander in chief. As for four straight years, it didn't happen. And China with Taiwan is next. We are a nation that has weaponized its law enforcement against the opposing political party like never before in our history.

Donald Trump: We've got a Federal Bureau of Investigation that won't allow bad election changing facts to be presented to the public, and which offers $1 million to a writer of fiction about Donald Trump to lie and say it was fact and pays a man $200,000 to get Trump, where Hunter Biden's laptop from hell was Russian disinformation and the FBI knew it wasn't, and a Department of Justice that refuses to investigate egregious acts of voting irregularities and fraud.

Donald Trump: And we are a nation that has to take care of these things because we have the worst president in the history of our country, who is cognitively impaired and in no condition to lead, and is now casually talking about nuclear war with Russia, which would be World War III, and far more devastating than any of the previous wars because of the weaponry that no one even wants to think about.

Donald Trump: And we are a nation that no longer has a free and fair press. Fake news is all you get and we are a nation that loves to be reigned upon. Let's stay out here. Let's stay out here, right? I'm not leaving. We're a brave nation. We are a nation where free speech is no longer allowed, where crime is rampant and out of control like never before, and where more people died of COVID in 2021 than in 2020. And we are a nation that is allowing Iran to build a massive nuclear weapon in China, to use the trillions of dollars that has taken from us to build a military to rival our own.

Donald Trump: And just two years ago, we had Iran, China, Russia, and North Korea and China. And they weren't going to do a thing against us, not a thing. Not a thing. This is the greatest. This might be the greatest rally we've ever had. Wow. And perhaps most importantly, we are a nation that is no longer respected or listened to around the world.

Donald Trump: We are a nation that, in many ways, has become a joke, and we are a nation that is hostile, think of it, to liberty, freedom, and faith. We are a nation whose economy is collapsing into a cesspool of rules, whose supply chain is broken, whose stores are not stocked, and whose deliveries are not common, whose educational system is ranked at the bottom of every single list.

Donald Trump: We are a nation where large packs of sadistic criminals and thieves are allowed to go into stores and openly rob them, beat them up, and kill their workers and customers, and leave with armloads of goods, but with no retribution. With the authority of our great, great, great police has been taken, where their families and their pensions have been threatened and their lives would be destroyed for the mere mention of the words law enforcement.

Donald Trump: We are a nation where people are allowed to murder, kill, rob, and rape innocent victims and they have no cash bail and they are back on the streets and allowed to do whatever they do within hours. We are a nation where fentanyl and all other forms of illegal drugs are easier to get than formula for our beautiful little babies.

Donald Trump: A nation whose once revered airports are dirty, crowded messes, where you sit and wait for hours, and then you're notified that the plane won't leave and they have no idea when they will, where ticket prices have tripled, they don't have the pilots to fly the planes, they don't see qualified air traffic controllers, and they just don't know what the hell they're doing.

Donald Trump: We are a nation that has lost its confidence, willpower, and strength. We are a nation that has no confidence. Who ever thought we would say that? But we are not going to allow this horror to continue. Two years ago, we were a great nation, and we will soon be a great nation again. It was hardworking patriots like you who built this country, and it is hardworking patriots like you who are going to save our country.

Donald Trump: We will stand up to the radical left Democrats and the dangerous and unpatriotic RINOs. And we will fight for America like no one has ever fought before. And it's lucky I have a great memory because I cannot say a word on these things. You think Biden would still be up here? I don't think so. There is no mountain we cannot climb.

Donald Trump: There is no summit we cannot reach. There is no challenge we cannot meet. There is no victory we cannot have. Is everybody having a good time? We will not bend. We will not break. We will not yield. We will never, ever give in. We will never give up. And we will never back down. This country will never back down because as long as we are confident, united, and loyal to the cause, the tyrants we are fighting do not stand even a chance because we are Americans, and Americans kneel to God and God alone.

Donald Trump: Silent majority is back, stronger than ever. My fellow citizens, this incredible journey we are on together. The journey has just begun. Only just begun. Even the mic can't make it, but we can. I'm telling you, this is the greatest rally we've ever had. And it is time to start talking about greatness for our country again.

Donald Trump: We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. So, with the incredible help of everyone here today, we will make America powerful again, make America wealthy again, make America dry again, make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We have to make America safe again, and we will make America great again.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Florida. God bless you.