Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-political-rally-rapid-city-south-dakota-september-8-2023

Donald Trump: Well, we have to start by saying hello, Rapid City. Hello, and thank you for that incredible South Dakota welcome. I have to tell you; you have to see outside. This place is packed. I wish the press were legit. They'd turn around, they'd show this arena. This arena is incredible. And you are incredible people, incredible people.

Donald Trump: I'm thrilled to be back with thousands of hardworking, God-fearing patriots in the heartland of America. I want to thank one of the most successful governors in the entire nation, an incredible person, South Dakota's own, Kristi Noem. Thank you, Kris. Thank you. You already found this out, but Kristi is a warrior for American values. She's tough on China, and unlike other governors, she never locked down South Dakota.

Donald Trump: You know, they all say, oh, I kept it open. I kept it open. They didn't keep it open. We had some good ones. I'll tell you what, McMaster South Carolina was great, and we had some really good ones, but Kristi was just, just incredible. Well, look at your numbers. You got to look -- you got to look at those numbers.

Donald Trump: You guys, well, 10%. What state's gone up 10%. Tell me another one. Kristi, I'm truly honored to receive your endorsement, very much, so I appreciate it. Thank you, Kristi. Thank you very much. It's very -- it's a great honor. I get endorsements, some good, some bad. I get endorsements. Some don't mean anything; hers means a lot, let me tell you.

Donald Trump: Everyone here tonight is part of the greatest political movement in the history of our country. This is the greatest movement. Look at this. This place is packed. We come to South -- we come to South Dakota. I said, how many people do you normally have at your Republican Party dinners and events? Oh, a couple of hundred.

Donald Trump: This is like 6,000, 7,000 people. This is a lot. Your chairman is great. We'll talk about him in a second. He's done a fantastic job. But this broke your all-time record. And maybe we'll break it again next year. We'll have to do that, you know? Maybe we'll break it. We're the only ones that can do it. But we're racing toward a monumental victory one year from now. This is so important.

Donald Trump: It has never been anything like this one. This is -- you know, when we did 2016, I said, this is the most important, and I meant it, but this is now -- this is the most important election we've ever had because our country is going to hell. It's going to hell. Together, we're going to defeat Crooked Joe Biden, the most crooked president, the most incompetent president in history.

Donald Trump: We're going to take back the White House, and we're going to make America great again. So, three years ago, I traveled to South Dakota to deliver a very historic address. It turned out people loved that speech. They always say, oh, that was the best one. You know what? I think that beautiful -- that beautiful facade, is there a better place in the world to make a speech, Kristi?

Donald Trump: I don't think so. Even though you do have the lunatics that would like to chop it up and knock it down, that's not happening. I wouldn't want to be them. Come to South Dakota. Let's do a little number in the -- that is an incredible place. And it's some of the most beautiful pictures I've ever had taken of my family and all of us together.

Donald Trump: We had a tremendous crowd and incredible. Then we opened it up for the fireworks, remember? And for a few years, you had the fireworks, and then the Democrats closed it down for the fireworks. I said, why would they do that? [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: Well, how beautiful was that? But -- but think of it. And they closed it down. They were worried about fire. But I said. "It's all stone and rock. It's hard for rock to catch on fire." Now they just didn't want to do it, but Mount Rushmore is a very very special place. Incredible place.

Donald Trump: I stood before you at this majestic period of time and a majestic monument itself and fiercely defended our great American heroes from the Marxist and communist maniacs who were trying to blast them.

Donald Trump: They would have blast that incredible work right off the face of that very beautiful mountain. Yet today, under Joe Biden, the Marxist, fascists, and communists are not just tearing down statues, they're tearing down our economy. They're dismantling our borders. They're destroying our laws. They're looting our middle class, mutilating our children.

Donald Trump: They're mutilating our children. [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: Who would imagine -- who would imagine that somebody would say that, and it's true? Desecrating our constitution and perverting our military, and military is becoming woke. We defeated ISIS, and now it's becoming woke. Our White House is -- is just a place that's not recognizable. And our highly weaponized Department of Injustice, it's weaponized like never before.

Donald Trump: Nobody's ever seen anything like this under Crooked Joe. You know, I took the word out, it was Crooked Hillary. But now I've given her a different name because I don't like having the same name. We have enough. We have enough words we don't have to do. So, I call her Beautiful Hillary, beautiful, just beautiful.

Donald Trump: That was a good day a few months ago, but I -- when he did the indictment thing, it was him. You know, this is not an indictment. This is a Biden indictment. There's a big industry. Trump is under indictment. No, no, this is a campaign thing that they're doing. But under Crooked Joe, I just thought it was such an appropriate name.

Donald Trump: All you have to do is take a little look at what's going on. Millions and millions of dollars have been stolen, but our country is being destroyed under this man. But tonight, I repeat to you what I said three years ago in the shadow of Mount Rushmore: The American people are strong and we are proud, and we will not allow our country and all of its values, its incredible history, and culture to be -- to be taken from us. They're trying to take it from us. You see it every day. You see what's going on with your vote in this election, Joe Biden's banana republic.

Donald Trump: We have turned into a banana republic. We have no borders. We have dishonest elections. We have things going on today. I mean, who wants to have millions of people like an invasion pouring into our country? We have no idea where they come from. They come from jails and they come from places that you don't want to know about.

Donald Trump: And they're all over our cities and they're all over our states. But with your vote in this election, Joe Biden's country, for a short period of time, hopefully just a short period of time, it ends on November 5th, 2024, we have to take care. We have to -- we have to take our country back. America will be saved.

Donald Trump: And the great nation of Washington, Jefferson, Lincoln, and Roosevelt, they don't want to mention those names, you know, it'll be restored. We will restore our nation. It's never been this low, it's never been this low. If you took the five worst presidents in the history of the United States and added them up, they would not have done near the destruction to our country as Joe Biden and the Biden administration have done in a few short years. Nobody can imagine, nobody can imagine.

Donald Trump: And no damage has been worse than the disaster known as Bidenomics. You know, he was given that term as a negative, and he liked the way it sounded. So, he tried to turn it because they're all about disinformation and misinformation. You know, one thing with Kristi, she tells it like it is. It's right down.

Donald Trump: There's no disinformation. Sometimes you may be better off doing it that way. It's easier, isn't it, than having to really produce. But they're a party of disinformation, and so he tried to turn Bidenomics into a good thing. It's not a good thing. It's a real bad thing. It was meant very bad, but he liked the sound of the name.

Donald Trump: You know, he doesn't know too much about what's going on anymore, but he thought it was good. Since Joe Biden took office, cumulative inflation has reached almost 20%. Think of that. Think of it, over a two-and-a-half-year period. Now, we're getting up. Can you imagine? Just a little more than a year and we can rid ourselves of what's happened to this country.

Donald Trump: We can bring our country back. And the dollar has lost more than 20% of its value in just three years' time. Think of it. It's not even possible. It never happened before. These are records we're talking about, all records, all very negative records. Joe Biden has blown through $11.5 trillion in wasteful spending, spending that should have never happened, equivalent to $88,000 taken away from every family in America, 88,000 from every family. [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: Under Biden, the budget deficit is exploding and set to more than double this year alone. You know, we were doing something with oil and energy and making a lot of money. We were going to make so much money. We were going to pay off our debt. We were going to lower taxes still further.

Donald Trump: Manufacturing is contracted now.

Donald Trump: Ten months in a row, and monthly job reports have been revised downward every single month of 2023, every single month they've gone down. The fact is, we're probably heading into a Great Depression, something I've never said before publicly. I'm saying it in your state. I hate to -- I hate to say that this is the state I have to say it. But, you know, I don't believe I've ever said that before.

Donald Trump: It's a hell of a statement to make, and I hate to make it. The only question is whether or not it'll be during the remaining months of the Biden administration. If it's going to happen, let it happen then. If it's going to happen, let it be during Joe. And it will come in and we'll straighten this sucker out. I'd rather have it. Or will the next president have to bear the brunt of what Biden has done to our country?

Donald Trump: He's done such damage to our country. And I don't want to be the next Herbert Hoover. You know who Herbert Hoover was? The Great Depression. He was the president during the beginning of the Great Depression. But I won't let that happen. I will never let that happen, that I can tell you. During Biden's first 30 months in office, just 2.1 million new jobs have been created nationwide.

Donald Trump: Now, they have a different wrinkle on it, and the wrinkle is so off that even the fake news back there said he can't get away with it. Now, he makes up these stories, you know, like there's a picture of a fighter jet. I used to be a fighter jet pilot. Then there's a picture of a truck. I used to drive a truck.

Donald Trump: And there's a picture. There's everything. This guy. The worst is, did you ever see his golf swing? He said he's a six handicap. Six handicaps, a good golfer. You know when he's six handicaps? That's a good golfer. This guy can't hit a ball to Kristi. He's a six handicap. I think that's the greatest lie of all, do you want to know the truth?

Donald Trump: By contrast, during the first 30 months of President Trump, we created 4.9 million new jobs, shattering all predictions and projections nobody's ever seen anywhere. It's the greatest economy in history, greatest in history. Under Biden, real incomes have gone down by $7,400 per family. Think of that. Under President Trump, yearly income went up by -- by more than $6,000. That's a record, more than $6,000. Think of that.

Donald Trump: And all of this horror, and yet Joe Biden is traveling around the country pretending he's an economic genius. In fact, he's actually an economic arsonist. And Bidenomics is incinerating American wealth at a level never seen before. It's an inferno of inflation, taxation, submission, and failure. We submit.

Donald Trump: Everyone says, "What a submission?" You're submitting to China. You're submitting to all these countries. We're pouring money out of our country. We can't take care of our own country. We can't help Hawaii, but we send billions and billions and billions of dollars to other countries. [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: The choice -- the choice in this election is between a Biden economic bust, and it's going to happen and it's going to be ugly, or a Trump economic boom. We had it booming like never before. This was the most successful economy in world history. We had the most successful -- everybody was happy, African Americans, Asian Americans, Hispanic Americans, men, women, people with degrees from the great Wharton School of Finance, from Harvard, from MIT, people with no degrees at all.

Donald Trump: Everybody had jobs, everybody was happy. And now, you're giving phony numbers because far fewer people are looking for jobs. So, they throw around -- although it just went up, but they throw around 3.5, 3.6, 3.7%. But it's a different group of people. They're looking for jobs, but many of them aren't looking for jobs.

Donald Trump: So, it's a fake number. Crooked Joe cares only about enriching his own family.