Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-campaign-rally-houston-texas-november-2-2023

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much. And you know what that was? That was -- I call them the J6 hostages, not prisoners. I call them the hostages, what's happened, and it's a shame. And they did that, and they asked me whether or not I would partake and do the beautiful words, and I said, yes, I would.

Donald Trump: And you saw the spirit. The spirit was incredible. And when that came out, it went to the No. 1 song. It was beating everybody. It beat Taylor Swift. It beat Miley Cyrus, who was No. 1 and 2. They were No. 1 and 2. We knocked them off for a long time. That song was out there for a long time. Then, of course, they had a problem with the internet, right, you know?

Donald Trump: And so, all of a sudden, they said, "Oh, there's a problem. We'll have to take it off." And we raised hell, and it went back on. That was up there for a long time. It was the No. 1 record or a song that was for months, so I just want to tell you about it. And I thought maybe this would be an appropriate place.

Donald Trump: It's certainly an appropriate state. I love Texas, and it's big and strong, and the people are big and strong, too. So I thought you'd like to hear that. I don't know if we've done that yet, but I think we should do it. I think we'll have to do that, Mr. Congressman, right? We're going to have to do that a couple of times more.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Wesley, and it's a great honor. We were supposed to have just a small little gathering to talk about drilling and things like that, and the small little gathering turned out to be a very large gathering. A lot of people outside can't get in, so we want to thank you all. There's tremendous spirit that we have, and that is a very good group of people right over there.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. And it's great to be back with thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots who believe in faith and family, God and country, oil, gas, and guns, right? You almost say, how do you vote for a Democrat? They don't believe -- think of this. They don't believe in guns. They don't believe in oil, and they don't believe in God, and they've shown that.

Donald Trump: They don't believe in God. So I think we're going to have to start to setting a lot of records because people are very turned off to the alternative. And we ran twice. We won twice. We did much better the second time. But let me just tell you, there's far more spirit today, and we're just about a year out.

Donald Trump: Can you believe it? In 78 days or so, we have our caucus in Iowa, then we go to New Hampshire, then we go to South Carolina and Nevada, get down to Florida very quickly after that, and we're doing well everywhere. We're way up, way up. But there's never been we've never seen spirit. We had a lot of spirit in 2016. We had more spirit in 2020. Bad things happened, but we had far more spirit, got many, got millions and millions more votes.

Donald Trump: But there's more spirit even a year out because they see dawn. They see what's happened to our country. Since we haven't been there, our country is being destroyed by incompetent people and crooked people, very crooked people. But I'm delighted to be here at Trendsetter Engineering. What a great company this is. What a great company.

Donald Trump: They can go down -- they used to go straight down. Now they can do they can do circles with those suckers, right, what they can do. They can even go to other people's property I bet. Take a little left, clean him out. Take a little right. I love your business, I'll tell you. Of course, I wouldn't know that, but I love your business.

Donald Trump: For nearly 30 years, Trendsetters are highly skilled workers. And they are. I just met them, skilled people, unbelievable people. It's what the country is all about in so many different ways. But I've been sculpting steel and titanium into really impressive machines and systems. I just got to see some things you wouldn't believe possible that power, offshore oil, and gas drilling, and it's done jobs that nobody ever thought.

Donald Trump: I would say even that brilliant owner that I'm going to introduce in a second would have said not possible 10 years ago, right, not even possible to do. But I just want to congratulate you at Trendsetter and the chairman and CEO of Trendsetter Engineering, Mario Lugo. You ever hear of Mario Lugo? Should I bring him up? Should I bring him -- come on, Mario.

Donald Trump: Get up here, Mario. Come on up here, Mario. He's going to get through Secret Service. Come on up. Look at that. They love you, Mario. You made them all rich, right? You made them rich as hell, Mario, along with Mike Cargol and Steve Allaire. Where is Steve? I met -- I just saw the most beautiful picture, and I signed it for you.

Donald Trump: And thank you for your nice words backstage. That was really great. Is he that good, Steve, huh? [Audience responds "he's better than that"]

Donald Trump: He's better than that. Do you think he's ever done this before? Like I know a lot of guys, they're very good, but they've never done -- just say hello to your fans. Come on. Come on. Grab -- here you go.

Mario Lugo: We will help the president win in 2024. I promise you that. We're with you. Texas is with you. Make America great again. Thank you so much. Thank you so much.

Donald Trump: That s a good job. That's a good job. We don't usually do that. But I thought he deserved it because I got to see what they do, and what they do is incredible. Thank you, Mario. Appreciate it. Steve, thank you very much, everybody. Amazing. So I also want to thank some of the great people we have with us today.

Donald Trump: We have a man with an unlimited future, Wesley Hunt, your congressman. Wesley, thank you. Wesley Hunt, he's got a big future, a congressman who's had a great life and done a great job. And he's going to do a lot of other great things, I have no doubt, because he's got energy like no other, and he's a man who loves our country.

Donald Trump: Louie Gohmert. Louie. Where is Louie? Thank you, Louie. He's been my friend -- oh, there you are, Louie. He's been my friend from the beginning. Another friend, agricultural commissioner, somebody that I saw on television years ago saying -- they were saying, gee, I don't think no -- I don't know if Trump's going to win Texas.

Donald Trump: He said, I don't know where you come from. I watched him, and he had that gorgeous hat on that I wanted to have a hat like that. I loved him. He was on television on, I think, Deface the Nation, one of the shows. Ladies and gentlemen, it's Sid Miller on Deface the Nation. He's a good man. He's a good man.

Donald Trump: He's always on television with a hat. I want to do that. I want to start doing that. And then we have a woman who's very special because we endorsed her, and she went like a rocket ship, and she won, Land Commissioner Dawn Buckingham. So with the help of everyone here today, four months from now, we're going to win the Texas primary.

Donald Trump: We're going to win it in a landslide. And we're then going to go on and beat Crooked Joe Biden. He's crooked as hell. He's also incompetent. He's crooked, and he's incompetent. That's a bad combination, Louie, isn't it? But we're going to beat him in November, and we're going to make America great again, greater than ever before.

Donald Trump: Hard to believe because you look at what's happened. You look at what's happened to our country. And I want to tell you, it's hard to believe, but we're going to make it greater than ever before. We're going to have to have a massive deportation effort because we can't have this. We have them coming in from jails, from all of the places that you wouldn't believe, mental institutions.

Donald Trump: My people said, "Please don't use the term insane asylum." That's Silence of the Lamb, right? Silence of the Lamb. Hannibal Lecter. Anybody ever heard of the wonderful Hannibal Lecter? We got him coming into this country now because other countries are dumping their people from mental institutions and insane asylums.

Donald Trump: In other words, an insane -- for Mario, insane asylum is a step above. Do you understand? That's the real bad ones. But we have them coming from everywhere, including a lot of terrorists are coming in. You know that, Louie. You know that common sense. You know, they just showed a chart on one of these crazy, fake shows, but this wasn't fake, That in 2019, they found no terrorists coming into our country, and now they have numbers, the likes of which they've never seen, Dawn.

Donald Trump: You know that, right? On day one of our new administration, we will end Biden's nation-wrecking war on American energy. He's wrecking the energy business. Who's in favor of cars that go very short distances that happen to be all electric? Does anybody -- I don't think Mario likes -- he don't like electric cars, Mario.

Donald Trump: He wants gasoline. He wants gasoline. He wants to go straight down and do a little turn every once in a while, right? And with the help of Texas oil and gas workers, we will restore American energy. And they gave me -- by the way, they gave me their endorsement. I was so happy. Thank you. Thank you. Ron DeSanctimonious came here trying to get that.

Donald Trump: They gave their endorsement to me, so it's really -- that was a great -- that was really something. But we were energy independent. Three years ago, we didn't need anybody. We're going to shortly be energy dominant. We're going to make so much money, we re going to pay off debt. The $35 trillion in debt, we're going to pay it off.

Donald Trump: We're going to get it done fast, too. But we're going to be paying. We're going to supply Europe. All over the world, we're going to send our oil and gas, and then they ended it. They ended it. They allowed Russia to build Nord Stream 2, which they shouldn't have done. I ended it. I ended Nord Stream 2. I don't know if you all know that.

Donald Trump: And within the first couple of days, he approved it. That was the worst thing -- that was the biggest project Russia has probably ever done in terms of dollars. And I ended it, Louie, right? And then they had him. He goes and says he approved it. He approved it. It was a dead deal. Nord Stream 2 going to Germany, all over Europe, and he comes in, and he approved it. Then they say, "Oh, Trump wasn't tough on Russia." I was so tough on Russia.

Donald Trump: Putin said, "If you're not tough now, I'd hate like hell to see you if you were tough." What we did was sanctions to Russia. We did things that you wouldn't believe, but what we're going to do for our country is very simple: drill, baby, drill, OK? Drill, baby, drill. That's what we're doing. We're going to get it back even harder.

Donald Trump: You know, we took it from third place. We were in third and even fourth place. We were -- when I left unexpectedly, when I left, we were at No. 1 by a lot, and now they're dismantling all of that. They want to go all electric, even though we don't have enough electricity to cool down California in the summers.

Donald Trump: You see, they had blackouts all over the place. This summer was a disaster. The winter is no good. They never -- the whole thing is crazy. Let's go all electric, but we don't have enough electric to take care of somebody's air-conditioner in California. It's all over the place. But I'm proud to say that under my leadership, the United States became the No. 1 producer of oil and natural gas in the world by far.

Donald Trump: I mean, not just by a little bit. You have to see the chart. We ought to put up a chart. Why didn't you give me a damn chart, Mario? I'll put it right on the face of that beautiful piece of equipment, whatever the hell it is. Boy, that looks beautiful. That is a beautiful hunk of stuff that goes pew. And we became a net energy exporter for the first time in the history of our country, do you know that, because of people like that.

Donald Trump: Within days of my inauguration, I approve the Keystone XL and the Dakota Access Pipelines literally within days. Remember, they were stopped. They weren't going to approve them. The guys, they spent billions of dollars. They weren't going to approve them. And actually, what happened is the Keystone was all set to go. It was started.

Donald Trump: They actually started it. Biden came in, and he took it away. He took the permits away from everybody. I don't know how much money they lost on that deal, but they were going to build a pipeline all the way over to the Gulf, and Biden stopped it. And the amazing thing is the union head representing the pipeline workers, the union head, I guarantee you, there's not one worker that voted for Biden, Crooked Joe Biden.

Donald Trump: But the head of it, they endorsed this guy. And he comes in, and within two days, he ended the whole project. And those people suffered greatly, 48,000 jobs, 48,000 people that gave their life for that, and they never really sort of recovered. That's what they wanted to do. I withdrew from the disastrous Paris Climate Accord, which was a rip-off.

Donald Trump: It sounds nice. I want the Texas climate accord. I don't want the Paris. We don't need Paris Climate Accord. We want the Texas climate accord. This is the climate we want, right, Louie? No, that was one of the greatest rip-offs. China was exempt. India was exempt. Russia was exempt. China didn't have to do anything until 2035, think of it. But we had to pay billions and billions and billions of dollars to other countries because they were a growing nation.

Donald Trump: They call them a growing nation. What are we? We're a nation that needs it more than anybody else now because what they've done to our nation in the last three years, we need help a hell of a lot more than China and a hell of a lot more than these other countries that are ripping us off in every possible way, including psychologically.

Donald Trump: They've taken over the Middle East. Now Saudi Arabia is aligned with China. You know that, right? When did you think that was going to be happening? They're all aligned with China. Russia, China, North Korea with China. We've lost everything. We've lost everybody. We're like on an island by ourselves. But don't worry, I'll get them all back real fast, and I won't be paying.

Donald Trump: I won't be paying anything for it either. They'll come back, and they'll come back fast. They're going to come back fast because ours was natural. Theirs is unnatural. We slashed approval times for pipelines and other energy infrastructure to bring it down from 10 years to less than two years, and we were going to get it down to about one year before we got temporarily -- before we had a pause.

Donald Trump: You know the word pause. We have a pause. We have a little pause in here, Wesley, and it's a four-year pause. And it taught us how bad things can get. And that's why we're hotter today as a movement. It's the hottest movement in the history of our country, by the way, by far. But we're a hotter movement today than we were four years ago.

Donald Trump: I opened ANWR for energy development, which presidents had been trying to do. For over 50 years, they've been trying to get it done. They couldn't get it done. I got it done. I had gas prices down to $1.87 a gallon. How does that sound? And we were producing at a level that nobody's ever seen before. The chart I was telling you about.

Donald Trump: It is -- it showed Saudi Arabia aligned, like baa, baa, baa, pretty straight, pretty flat, going up a little bit. It showed Russia going up a little bit, and it showed us going like this. Then Trump gets in, and we were like a rocket ship. It went boom. And that's what it -- because we have more liquid gold under our feet than Saudi Arabia or than Russia.

Donald Trump: That's not bad. Our energy policy was maximum production, maximum prosperity. We had prosperity like nobody's ever seen and also maximum power because it gave us power, not the kind of power you're thinking about. I'm talking about tremendous political power. With Crooked Joe Biden, you have the exact opposite.

Donald Trump: We're laughed at by everybody in the world. They don't even believe it. They can't believe it's happening. Our country is no longer respected. All 50 states have hit record-high gas prices, but they're cutting way back on the gas. We're talking about numbers that nobody's ever seen before. Remember this, a lot of the energy production and a lot of the other production where you see the stock market, a lot of the production that we have right now -- go ahead, please sit down.

Donald Trump: You know, sit down. It's very hot. It's good for me. I don't know if it's good for you. Sit down. They'll be up -- they'll be standing up in about two seconds. Anytime I mention drilling, they all stand up. But the Biden administration, if you look, they're so bad, but they're just coasting right now on the fumes from what we did.

Donald Trump: But those fumes are wearing thin, and you see that happening. The economy is horrible. What's going on? Biden blocked oil and gas leasing in America. And when he killed the Keystone pipeline, he approved, remember that, the Russian pipeline shortly thereafter, Nord Stream 2. And nobody ever heard of Nord Stream 2 until I came along.

Donald Trump: Nobody knew they were building the biggest pipeline anyone's ever seen, I guess, covering all of Europe. And what he did is he immediately approved it. I had it absolutely stopped. He reentered all of the Parisian situations where we were paying for everything, and they weren't the energy producers. And now he's pushing suicide power plant regulations that will shut down every oil and gas and coal-fired power plant in America.

Donald Trump: You know, he's pushing regulations which will close up the power plants in this country. And the least he could do is take a look, a modern-day look at Germany. Four years ago, I told Angela Merkel, who I got along with actually surprisingly well. She was tough. She made a couple of mistakes. Let a lot of -- she really -- she let about 2 million people into the country that they shouldn't have.

Donald Trump: That was a big mistake, and she made something else. She decided she's going all green. And they closed a lot of their plants, fueled by a lot of people and people here working there. And you know what happened? The whole economy went to hell, and now they're opening up coal-fired plants all over Germany.

Donald Trump: Nobody knows that. They've gone the exact opposite because they tried this Green New Deal bullshit, and it didn't work, didn't work. And if Biden gets his way, the United States -- and it's happening now because you see permits aren't being given out, they're taking everything. You know, we had that thing going so at a level, and now, it's starting to come down because those times have expired, and they're not renewing leases or anything else.

Donald Trump: The filing dates are coming due. People are going in for new drillings, and they're getting rejected left and right. Who would do that? How stupid it -- that's like open borders. Let's open up our borders so the whole world can come into our country. These are stupid people or they're people that hate our country, and I'm not sure which.

Donald Trump: The way I look at it, they can't be stupid because anybody that can cheat on elections as good as them, they're pretty smart. But there's an evilness and a sickness there, and I really think they want to destroy our country. If Biden gets his way, the United States will be reduced to an impoverished, third world, crippled, blackouts.

Donald Trump: We're going to have crippling blackouts. We're going to have people literally begging our enemies for mercy. We're losing all of our power with what they're doing. It's crazy. It's crazy. So I want to just tell you that it's companies like this -- and we have them in so many -- making tractors, making everything.

Donald Trump: Companies that are the greatest companies in the world, they're being put out of business by people that don't know what they're doing. The autoworkers just signed a deal, and they got an increase. But they got an increase, but they won't have jobs in three years because everything is going electric. And you know the story with the cars, it doesn't work.

Donald Trump: You're not going to make electric cars in this country. We don't have what's necessary for electric cars. We have what's necessary for gasoline cars or hybrids. But Texas patriots will never ever let what they're trying to do happen. You know why you won't and you know how you stop it? Elect Trump, and you're going to stop it. You don't have to bother.

Donald Trump: You know what you do. What you do is elect Trump and don't worry about it. You know, I told the autoworker -- I went to Michigan, which is under siege, and they're going to be losing all their jobs, all their auto jobs. You know, everyone's jumping up. Oh, we got a new contract. You know, those companies are all going to go down the tubes.

Donald Trump: Bankrupt, yes, but they're going to go down the tubes. There won't be auto jobs because they didn't cover the fact that all cars have to be electric. And I'm telling you, if they don't do it right, if they don't do it fast and right, you're not going to have any semblance of automobile manufacturing in this country.

Donald Trump: I did very well with Mexico. I liked the president very much. He's a friend of mine, but they took 32% of our automobile manufacturing out of our country and brought it into Mexico, and that's a sin. Canada took a lot. And we signed a deal, which is very good for Texas, the USMCA. We got out of NAFTA. That was a big thing.

Donald Trump: That was a big jolt for our country. We went from the worst deal ever done ever, NAFTA, one of the greatest rip-off deals, and now we're in the USMCA. And if you look -- that's Mexico, Canada. And if you look, right now, they're meeting with Biden. They want to renegotiate the terms of the deal. And, Louie, I would say go there as an ex-congressman who is very tough and successful, tell him, you better not do that deal.

Donald Trump: They want to renegotiate the terms. It's always nice, though, when you make a deal. I have a lot of deals where they're all trying to renegotiate them now with Biden. The sad part is they'll probably be able to do that. But don't worry, we'll change them back very fast. We'll change it back. With your vote, we will fire Crooked Joe Biden, and we will reclaim America's destiny as the greatest energy superpower on the face of the earth.

Donald Trump: We were there. We were there. We were going to be there in a very short -- within a year, they would have been saying, man, what the hell is going on? Perhaps worst of all, Biden's insane mandates on so much and so much, by the way, including these mandates. Do you know what that is? Those are insane mandates, too.

Donald Trump: We're not here to talk about that, but we're not going to let them. There's a move on now. All boats have to go electric. Army tanks have to go electric, OK. Because they want the tank -- we make the greatest tanks in the world, army tanks. Think of this. We make the greatest in the world. Because the tanks, if they're electric, you're going into a country, blasting the hell out of it, but at least we're doing it in an environmentally friendly way.

Donald Trump: We have electric. No, it's true. It's environmentally friendly. The problem with the tanks, though, it's really a problem, that the battery storage capacity is so big that the tank would have to pull something behind it that's much bigger than the tank. So that's a little bit of a problem. They can't seem to work that out.

Donald Trump: But no, they want to make our army tanks -- think of this. They want to make our army tanks all electric for the environment. They want to make our planes, our jet fighters -- they came to me when I was there. They have a new fuel that we can save about 15% on the environment. I said, what does it do to the plane?

Donald Trump: Well, it makes it less efficient. Would you like to be a pilot up there? And you got guys shooting at you, and you're approximately 15% less efficient, but it's environmentally friendly to the people that you're at war with? This is what they're doing. And they want to take boats and make them. I was in South Carolina recently, a great company like this, one of the biggest, one of the best.

Donald Trump: It's incredible. And he said the biggest problem we have is they want to make those beautiful Mercury engines that you see, the outboard engines, the inboard, they want to have them all electric now. And I said to the owner, like a guy like Mario, very similar, very, very successful, built from nothing. Now he's one of the biggest boat manufacturers.

Donald Trump: I said, how bad would it be if you went all electric? He said, well, the one thing is it's very heavy, so we don't think the boat can float. So they're off to a bad start. Number two, they have the same problem, big. It's very big, so we'll have very little room in the boat. The thing is like eight times larger than what you need for a gasoline-fired engine.

Donald Trump: And I asked him a question. I said, you must be scientific because my uncle was a great student, and then he was a great professor at MIT for 40 years. He has the record longest-serving professor in the history of MIT. That's pretty good, Wesley, right? Doctor John Trump. And I used to talk to him about things like this, but I said to him, he said, nobody's ever asked me. He said, what would happen if you're out at sea and your boat sinks and you have a whole big electric deal under you, would you get electrocuted?

Donald Trump: He said, "Nobody's ever asked me that question." I said, I'd like to know what would happen. He said, I don't know. I'd have to think about it. I said, so if that boat goes down, and you have a shark that's ten yards away, so you have a choice of a shark or being electrocuted. I will take electrocution every single day.

Donald Trump: Do we agree? Anyway, the day I take office, I will [Technical difficulty] mandate, OK? Unless Mario doesn t want me. Unless Mario says don't do it or Steve. Can I do it, Steve? Unless he say don't do it, I'll -- otherwise I'll do it. We're going to cancel it the first day. In fact, I even said the first hour after the speech, the long, beautiful runway you walk up after the speech, I will sign the papers as I'm walking up, OK? We won't even wait till I get to the office.

Donald Trump: True. It's true. Texas was a big beneficiary of what we did, and the fumes are burning lightly now, but they're still burning a little bit. But in another year, you're going to see how bad it is because you know what's happened. You know what? You also see the future. The future is bleak. Under the Trump administration, electric, hybrid, and gasoline-powered engines will be allowed all over our country and all over the world.

Donald Trump: But remember this, very important. That's allowed. But child sexual mutilation will not be allowed, OK, will not be allowed, right? Amazing when you run for office and you all of a sudden start talking about different things, and if you put ourselves up -- take great politicians like we have in our various rows up here, and I didn't want to say front because I don't want to make them sound, but they do have very good seats, but you take these politicians.

Donald Trump: Wesley, who would have ever thought, as a politician, we'd stand up here before a tremendous crowd in Texas, where actually the crowd is probably five times bigger. We want to keep it down, right? I said just small, so we can talk about energy, and you have to see what's going on outside. Who would have ever thought that one of the things that we would talk about would be we will stop child sexual mutilation?

Donald Trump: Could you imagine having -- if you made the statement, even that statement, we will stop it, people would say, "Is he insane?" Or we will give back parents their rights in school, they don t have any rights. No, but who would think you'd have to make that statement, Sid, right? We will give back parental rights.

Donald Trump: People would say -- if you said that 10 years ago, they'd say, "What's wrong with that guy? Of course, we have parental rights." Or how about this one? We will not allow men in women's sports. Who would say it? No. But who would say it? If you said that 10 years ago, they would say you're crazy. And now I have to say it all the time because they have men going into women's sports, setting records, the likes of which nobody's ever seen before.

Donald Trump: You got to see the weightlifting records, though. Those are the ones. You know, there are some that are more obvious than others, right? You know, with golf, you still have to sink a putt. And the women can do it. The men can do it, some can do it. Well, not too many, there aren't too many. But with weightlifting, that's down and dirty.

Donald Trump: That's how much can you lift. And you know this story or should I tell the one story? Have you heard it before? The one story is a young woman who was a great champion weightlifter, and she was going to break the record. Her mother, her father, her husband, everybody was there, two kids, and they're in the front row, just like these people right here, right there.

Donald Trump: And she's going to break this record, and she gets up. It's 216 or something pounds like that. It's a lot. And they put a quarter of an ounce on one side of the barbell, a quarter of an ounce on the other side of the barbell. She got over that thing, and she started going -- she's going to show her parents that this is going to be a record.

Donald Trump: And I shouldn't do this because the first lady hates me when I do it. She said, "Please don't do the weightlifting. It's not presidential." I said, but the crowds like it. Well, I wouldn't do this in a state of the union speech. So she gets over that big barbell, and she gets it up, and she's so proud of herself.

Donald Trump: She gets it up. Oh, she's got it. The mother's going, "Go, baby, go. You can do it. You can do it, baby. I love you so much." And she -- and it's bad news, bad things are happening. "Mom, I'm sorry. Mom, I didn't do it." Boom, didn't do it. Then a guy comes along. He's next, and he transitioned recently. They said, have you lifted before?

Donald Trump: No, I haven't. Really? No. Oh, well, good luck. He goes over the barbell, looked at, bing, bong, bong. I think they broke the record by 150 pounds, OK? Now just think how stupid. Or the swimmer. She looks left, she looks right, she sees all the people she's been swimming against, champion, top champion, NCAA top.

Donald Trump: She looks left. She wants to break the record by an eighth of a second, which would be a big achievement. It's been -- it stood for a long time. And then she looks right, and she sees the same people, except there's one person that transitioned. He transitioned about a year ago. She heard about her, and she looked up, and it's the largest human being she's ever seen, right next to her.

Donald Trump: He had -- only the older folks would know what I mean by this. He had a wingspan very similar to Wilt The Stilt Chamberlain. And she said, what the hell? Who is he or her? And they said, ready, set. Her parents were there, too. She wanted to do them so proud. Go. And she was badly injured, badly, very badly injured.

Donald Trump: You know why? Windburn. He went by her so fast that she suffered massive windburn. They took her to the hospital. Now the whole thing is ridiculous. And women are afraid to speak out about it, believe it or not. Even these athletes on the teams, they're afraid. Well, it's OK. It's OK. It's ridiculous. It's very demeaning to women, and we will end that on the first day.

Donald Trump: So Biden's -- Crooked Joe's green new energy calamity is one of the biggest factors causing, as you know, the inflation disaster, which is about the worst we've ever had. The typical American family is paying more than $2,250 in increased energy costs since Biden took office. That's a lot. And if you look at the overall costs, it's about $8,000 per family.

Donald Trump: You add up the bacon. You know, bacon is up five times five times what it used to be, but food is up worse than energy. You know, energy is bad. This is your business. But food is worse, and other things are worse. By contrast, under the Trump administration, we reduced energy costs for the average American family by $2,500 a year.

Donald Trump: That's a big difference, $5,000. It's $5,000. Low-cost energy also helped us bring jobs and factories roaring back from China, Mexico, and all of the other foreign countries that have been ripping us off for many years, decades and decades. We created an incredible 1.2 million new manufacturing jobs. Nobody said that was possible.

Donald Trump: Do you remember Obama? Did anybody ever hear of Obama? That's not very respectful, Sid. Barack Hussein Obama, remember? Remember Rush Limbaugh? He used to go -- remember he'd go, Barack Hussein Obama. He used to scream out. He was -- he will be missed, right? He is missed. He is missed. But we created an incredible 1.2 million manufacturing jobs.

Donald Trump: Everybody said that was impossible. Obama said it was not possible. He thought we gave up on manufacturing that places like this, Mario, wouldn't exist. You know that. He said that they'll be made in other places. You know, we would have nothing to do. What are we going to do? They want to build just low income -- everyone's going to build low-income housing at some point -- or senior citizen, at some point, though, people have to like work and create things, not just places to stay.

Donald Trump: But in my next term, to accelerate our manufacturing resurgence, and we were setting records. Not only were we building and doing it, we were setting records at doing manufacturing jobs because I was tariffing and taxing China and other countries at a level that made it more competitive for companies like this to build here than it was to build over in China, to deliver here, where we would actually build cars in China.

Donald Trump: And I put a big tax on those cars coming in and stopped it. But we would build cars in China and sell them in the United States and lose our jobs. And China and other countries, not just China, other countries, they'd say, we're not going to take your cars at all. If you want to make cars and if you want to sell them in India or if you want to sell them in any one of many countries, come over here and build a plant, but you're not going to sell them if you make them in the United States.

Donald Trump: We let this go on for years. We stopped it. We stopped it. And who can blame them? If they get away with it, who can blame them? That's why they became such monsters in terms of manufacturing because of our politicians who are very stupid or corrupt, but who are very stupid people. They destroyed our country.

Donald Trump: I mean, they've destroyed the manufacturing base of our country. You look at shipbuilding, how few ships we build. You look at some countries, like South Korea, their law is set up for them to build. Our law is set up for us not to build, but it's pretty scary. You know, during the second World War, we were building a ship a day.

Donald Trump: Today, you can't build a ship in four years. It took us 10 years to build the Gerald Ford aircraft carrier, 10 years, and then they decided to be cute. They used -- instead of hydraulic elevators, they used magnetized elevators. So if I have a glass of water, I pour it on this massive, that's the end of that.

Donald Trump: They'll send again to MIT. They'll send somebody, send a couple of scientists. The catapults were made electric instead of steam. And when I went to the ship, it was in big trouble because it was -- listen to this, Louie. It was $10 billion over budget, and I wanted to go and see this ship that was costing so much money.

Donald Trump: And I landed with a helicopter on top of this massive, incredible ship in Newport News, being made in Newport News. And I said to the people, they all greeted me, and they said, "Sir, this is the admiral, and this is the general, and this is this and that." I said, I don't want to meet those people. I want to meet the catapult people, the people that have done the catapulting.

Donald Trump: They call them catapulters. And so they said, "Really, sir, wouldn't you rather see the admiral first?" No, the ship is $10 billion over budget. I don't need the admiral. I want to find out what the hell happened because the catapults weren't working. So for 50 years, we used steam more. And that beautiful scene, that steam goes off, and that plane gets thrown the hell off, the power, beautiful, and it's cheap.

Donald Trump: So they bring these five guys over. One's named Joe. I said, Joe, hi. "Yes, sir. I'm the chief catapult. It's what I've done my whole life, sir." If you told him he could live in a penthouse in Trump Tower and have the life of Riley that I did have before I did this crap, you do understand? I had the greatest life of anybody, Wesley.

Donald Trump: They say, what the hell did you do this for? I got more indictments than Al Capone. If I flew my plane right over there, they'd indict me for flying over his property. Oh, it's unbelievable. But I said to Mario, so let me ask you, Mario, you have a big problem with the electric battery. "Yes, sir." I said, well, why? "Because it doesn't work, sir.

Donald Trump: And when it breaks, you have to be a rocket scientist to fix it. It's so complicated. We'll never understand it, sir." I said, well, which is better, steam or electric? "Steam, sir." I said, why did they design electric? "Because it can keep going like this all day long, but it takes us 59 seconds to reload a plane.

Donald Trump: And when we reload the plane, the steam builds up, and it's all set, sir. It's perfect. It works so well. And we can fix it with a blowtorch if something happens. And if a wave hits it, it actually cools us down, sir. We love the waves hitting us. If a wave hits the electric, we're out of business, sir. We might -- we'll die with this thing." I said it will never work, will it? "No, sir." They spent $900 million on extras, cost extras to fix it. And it never really got fixed, never really got fixed.

Donald Trump: And then Joe told me one other thing. He said, "Sir, check out the elevators. They're a disaster." I don't work on elevators, sir, but speak to my counterpart. They have these massive elevators bigger than this area that lift up like six planes at one time. You know, you're in an emergency. You can't do one, two, and they're magnetized.

Donald Trump: Magnets pull them up. Now I don't know too much about that subject, but I'd rather have hydraulic. Wouldn't you think so, Mario? You have hydraulic. I want hydraulic. You know, you can have a tractor. You get a D10. They even have a D12 now, Caterpillar. And that thing can be hit by lightning. It can be hit by a blowtorch.

Donald Trump: It can be hit by anything, it's going to work. So I said, why didn't they use the hydraulic system, sir? He goes, "They didn't use it, sir, because they don't know what the hell they're doing, sir. And they were having a huge problem with the elevators because when they're magnetized, it s very delicate. And when they break, nobody knows how to fix them." Can you imagine you're in a battle, and you need your planes up on the deck fast.

Donald Trump: And they say, well, the water's a little rough today. The elevators got hit by a couple of drops of water, and now they're out. That's where we are. So it's just one other thing. They built the aircraft carrier differently. They put the cabin, the tower, not in the middle. You know, the way it's shaped this way, right?

Donald Trump: He would know exactly what I'm talking about. Steve, you would know, too. It s shaped this way, right? And the hardest thing for a pilot to do, great pilots, the hardest thing to do is land a plane on an aircraft carrier. And some of the best pilots in the world can't do it because they're claustrophobic a little bit.

Donald Trump: You don't want to be a pilot, even if you're really good, if you're claustrophobic, not if you're landing in the middle of the sea. And as big as that aircraft carrier is, when you're up there going at 1,000 miles an hour, looking for your aircraft carrier, and then you spot a little -- like an ant in the ocean.

Donald Trump: It's big when you're next to it, but it's not big when you're up there. And you got to land that thing on a little tiny deck as big as it looks, it's tiny. Those are the most talented people. So what they did is they built the aircraft carrier, and they decided to put the tower, the tower where the admiral is and the captain, and they're all -- they're talking to all the other ships that are surrounding it, make it safe, beautiful scene, like the Roosevelt and others, beautiful, beautiful ships.

Donald Trump: But I said, what the hell? Why do you have this tower in the back? "Well, sir, that's the way we designed it." Nobody could tell me why. I said, but I knew a lot about the landings and the pilots and the talent. And you have actually some great pilots, they just can't do that. They just can't do it. They cannot land on an aircraft carrier for reasons.

Donald Trump: I mean, they can't do it. They may be better than some of the pilots that can land, but they can't do it. So I said, when you move it to the back, doesn't that create a problem for the pilots because that's back there. You got to land it. That means you're landing like you got to miss that tower on top of everything else.

Donald Trump: You could have more deck space in the back, right? "Yes, sir. That's right." I said, who was the architect of this ship? So I called the people, the admirals. I said I'd like to meet with the architect. I said, could I ask you one question? "Yes." Now you understand. This is the largest ship in the world.

Donald Trump: This is like Kennedy Airport in New York. We wish we had runways that big, right? I said, may I ask you one question? And I don't mean to be rude. "Yes, sir." Have you ever designed a ship before? And he said, "Well, I worked on a couple." Now these people are -- this is crazy, Wesley. You could look at things that they do. And I said, I have one more question.

Donald Trump: Why do you have this room on the bottom, these very unusually shaped rooms? "Sir, that's where we store our ammunition." I said, so you store all of your ammunition under the tower. How does the captain feel about that? OK. And the truth is they made a mistake, but nobody ever talked about it. I said, why do you store them -- I mean, this guy's gone if that'll be the first place they aim.

Donald Trump: They used to have it in different compartments all over the place, so people couldn't figure it. The whole thing is under the tower. Now maybe by now, they changed it. But they had a 10 -- it was supposed to cost $3 billion or less, and I think it ended up at $18 billion for one ship that's improperly designed.

Donald Trump: It's very sad. And I caught a lot of things. And fortunately, some of them, I was able to do a lot about, like don't build it this way anymore. I put out an order, only hydraulic elevators, only steam catapults. But some idiots, some egghead probably would override that. Now because those are different. But I tell you these stories because it has to do with what you do, Mario, because it's the same thing.

Donald Trump: It's common sense. A lot of what we do is common sense. People say, "Are you a conservative?" No, I'm a conservative, but I'm a person with great common sense, like 95% of this audience, not 100%. Steve, I guarantee you, he has common sense, right? It's common sense because you don't have to have a label.

Donald Trump: I mean, it's like I don't want open borders. I want low taxes. I want great education. I want wonderful housing at low interest rates. I want voter ID. I want voter ID. I want voter ID. So we're going to create millions of new jobs, and we're setting the ambitious goal of achieving the absolute lowest cost for energy and electricity.

Donald Trump: We're going to rebuild our grid system. We're going to do things that nobody's ever thought possible, and we're going to do them fast. It's going to get done very fast. And this place and this state, but this particular place, but this state will be one of the big beneficiaries, I can tell you that. You have a lot of states that will benefit, but this would be one of the beneficiaries.

Donald Trump: And we've seen under the Biden administration, energy security is really it's national security. Think of it, energy security is national security. That's what it is, and we don't have national security now. We're like a bunch of very dumb people that have like a rudderless ship. If you don't have energy, and if you don't have borders, and if you don't have fair elections, you don't have a country.

Donald Trump: You don't have a country. And we're close. We're close to having no country. Joe Biden's Green New Deal socialist scam. It's a scam. It ships our energy jobs from Texas to Tehran, from Midland to Moscow, from Beaumont to Beijing. Beijing, China, a lovely place. I've been there, a lovely place. Incredible what they've done.

Donald Trump: They've taken so much of what we had. Biden's policies are good for China, but they're not good for America. And we're interested in America. That's why I always say America first. We got that started. Remember when I first came out in 2015, I started, not thinking I was going to do it. It's like flip a coin, right?

Donald Trump: I said, how would you like to be first lady to Melania? Well, she's a very confident person. She just wants what's good for the country, what's good for me, not even what's good for her. But I said, how would you like to be first lady? She actually said I could do without it. It wouldn't be bad. She would have -- she liked her life very much.

Donald Trump: But you remember the Biden crime family took millions and millions of dollars from China to sell off American energy and the industry? A lot of it went to the Chinese, the communist party. Running by the communist party is what it is. And they were very good to me. I had a great relationship, actually, with President XI until COVID, then I said, that's enough, can't do that.

Donald Trump: That was too bad. And I said, when it first came out, the Wuhan labs, right? I always said I never -- they said caves from 2,000 miles away, bats, all this stuff. Then they blamed Italy, France. They blamed -- they even tried to blame our soldiers, and then they finally said, "All right. We did it." But I said it was from the Wuhan labs.

Donald Trump: That's where it was from because we saw thousands of dead bodies around that Wuhan lab. It's a very bad deal. And once that happened, it really -- because we made the greatest trade deal probably ever made with China. I don't even talk about it. I don't even talk about it. We took in hundreds of billions of dollars in taxes from China.

Donald Trump: I gave $28 billion. There aren't too many farmers in this audience. But let me tell you, in Iowa, they love Trump. I'm up by about 40 points in Iowa. We're up by 40 points in Nebraska. Wisconsin, we're doing unbelievable. We're doing great. My people came back to me, "Sir, it doesn't sound good. It's condescending." What? "Don't mention to Iowa that you know you're going to win.

Donald Trump: Say I'd like to win." I said, wait a minute. I do know I'm going to win. I gave them $28 billion. How the hell do I lose, right? I said that to him, Wesley. And the people in Iowa, they get it. And we're up, way up. We have competition that's not so good there or anywhere else for that matter. You see where Ron DeSanctimonious is now, in third place.

Donald Trump: Can you imagine? Bird brain is No. 2, bird brain. "I will never run against our president. He was the greatest president. I will never run against him. Under no circumstances will I run against President Trump." Two months later, "Ladies and gentlemen, I'm announcing my candidacy." I'm saying, what the hell happened to that one?

Donald Trump: But that's what you have in politics with the exception of Wesley and Louie. And we have some -- by the way, we have great people. Dan Patrick is great. He's a great guy. I hope you like him, but he's a great guy. He's a chairman of our campaign, right? And so many great ones, Ronny Jackson, right? Troy, do we love Troy?

Donald Trump: I love Troy. We have -- you have great -- you have a couple that I don't like too much, but these are -- we'll tell you about them around election time. We'll talk to you about that as the election nears. But it was just proven by House Republicans that Joe Biden personally received vast sums of money funneled from China into -- directly into his pockets.

Donald Trump: Joe Biden is corrupt, and Joe Biden is compromised. And you'll never have good deals with these foreign countries because they know everything about them. They know far more about them than we do. Biden even depleted the strategic petroleum reserve that we did so great with. Remember, we bought all that oil when the price was nice and low, right?

Donald Trump: We bought so much. We filled that thing, and nobody ever saw anything like it. And for the election, he wanted to see if he could -- had very little impact in terms of -- because, believe it or not, the energy capacity of our country is so big that even that which is probably the largest storage areas in the world.

Donald Trump: But we bought -- we made a great deal, got a lot of it at $20 a barrel. Now $20 a barrel, doesn't that sound good? But we got a lot because we actually produced so much. It was starting to get a little bit wild out there, so we had to cut it back. And we did cut it back, and everybody made a lot of money, and everybody had inexpensive energy, and it was a beautiful thing, and it was really getting ready to rock.

Donald Trump: And I was just -- I couldn't wait to go over to Europe and make those deals. I would have made deals with every single country over there. They didn't need the Russia Nord Stream 2 pipeline. They didn't need it. Crooked Joe puts China first, Russia first, Venezuela first. How about that one? Venezuela, I thought they were the enemy, Louie.

Donald Trump: They have the worst -- they don't have gasoline, and they don't have oil. You know what? They have tar. And I hate to say this. I'm in the wrong place to say it. I should -- you know where it's refined? There's only one refinery in the country that can refine it because it's tar. It s -- they got a lot of it. You know where that refinery is located?

Donald Trump: In a place called Houston, Texas. Has anyone ever heard of Houston, Texas? Do you know that? So for all of those environmentalists that don't want to drill our clean, beautiful, sweet -- they call it sweet. The real sweet. They love it. They can taste it. They don't -- and we have the most of it. But for those people that don't want to do it, you are right now in your city, the refinery for the tar, which takes -- tremendously costly.

Donald Trump: But what it sends up into the air is unbelievable, and this was his choice. We could have taken it for nothing under our feet, but he takes it from an enemy country, a country that is now run by dictators and run by a dictator. And that dictator was on his last couple of weeks at the end of the Trump administration.

Donald Trump: And now that dictator is a very rich man, you know that, very rich. But Biden puts America last, and he puts our workers last. He puts our industries like this last. He puts your families last, and he puts everything that's good last. It's like April Fool's Day. Go through it. What has he done? Think of it. He's been there for three years.

Donald Trump: What has he done that's good? There hasn't been one thing that's done. Everything is bad. The border is bad. We'll say $1,000 to anybody that can name something with -- no. But think of it, Illegal aliens, the immigration, the border. You know, we built more wall than we said. We're going to build 400 miles.

Donald Trump: We built 561 miles of wall. We then ordered another 200 because like water, you think you've got it, but they start walking around it a little bit. So we ordered another 200. It was ready to be put in place, would have taken three weeks, and they said we don't want it. That's when I realized they wanted they actually wanted open borders because they wouldn't put it up, and it laid there rusting.

Donald Trump: And then recently, I read where they sold it for $0.05 on the dollar, the best wall. And this was a wall that was designed specifically by Border Patrol and me and everybody. And I didn't like it. I wanted to do concrete plank like you have in a parking garage. I was a good builder. I was the best builder.

Donald Trump: I did -- I built great, but I wanted concrete plank. And what happened is long stretches. You could go 80, 90 feet but long stretches, and Border Patrol said you have to see through it. "And, sir, we need steel on the outside, concrete on the inside. Then you need rebar." So we had steel, very tough steel, very hardened steel.

Donald Trump: Then we had hardened concrete. Believe it or not, there's a lot of different concrete. Some is unbelievably powerful. The technology on concrete is the same technology that you've done with drill bits. It's incredible how powerful it is. You can get it up to 10,000 pounds. And if you ever drop it, if you're building an apartment house, a tall one, and you drop some on the floor, it's a bad thing because you can't get it off.

Donald Trump: You can't get it off, but they needed that. And we actually had it tested by mountain climbers, great mountain climbers. And this was the one that was hardest for him to get up. And then we had the anti-climb provision. That's the piece on top, which I never liked the look of. But I said, well why do we have to put that piece?

Donald Trump: I don't like the look. He said that's anti-climb. That panel makes it very hard to get over it. Does that make sense to anybody? You know the panel? So when you see the panel up there, Sid, don't blame me for the look, but it does make it very, very tough to get up. If you didn't have that panel, it's much easier.

Donald Trump: So we did it all the right way. And we had this all built another 200 miles, and they sold it for $0.05 on the dollar. It's so sad to see what's going on with our country. But Biden surrendered our energy independence to foreign producers, just like he surrendered Afghanistan to the Taliban. What a terrible thing that was.

Donald Trump: That was the lowest point, I think, in the history of our country. I don't think our country has ever been more degraded or embarrassed than anything like that, with that horrible day where they gave away $85 billion worth of brand new -- that I bought because I rebuilt the entire military. We rebuilt -- we had 48-year-old fighter jets.

Donald Trump: We built the entire military, rebuilt it, the whole military, and he gave $85 billion away, which the good news, it's not that much relative to what we built, but $85 billion, billion, billion, not million. $85 billion is a lot, right? $85 million is a lot. We did $85 billion, gave it to him, new planes, new everything.

Donald Trump: And we were getting out, too. You know, I was the one that got it down to 2,500. But we're going to keep Bagram, the air base, which is one of the biggest in the world, cost us billions of dollars many years ago, not because of Afghanistan. I was going to keep it because of China, because it's one hour away from where China makes their nuclear weapons.

Donald Trump: So I was going to keep it for China. Wouldn't that have been nice? So they gave $85 billion away. Most importantly, we lost 13 great lives. And what nobody ever talks about, 38 young people, four women, 34 men were literally obliterated by that horrible bomb that went off, no legs, no arms. One has literally no legs, no arms, and the the face is just rough, rough, very bad.

Donald Trump: And incredible. I mean, honestly, five years ago, they couldn't have lived. Today, with the medicines and with the kind of recapture you get, it's pretty incredible. But what they've gone through because of an incompetent man, because a man said, we'll take the military out first, take the military out first.

Donald Trump: We also left hundreds of people that are American citizens in Afghanistan. And I spoke to the head of the Taliban. I took a lot of heat from these very fake news people back there. Actually, two of them are good. You know, it's amazing. Whenever I say that, those red lights, see that, those red lights, they immediately go off.

Donald Trump: They stop. They turn off immediately, Wesley. Those lights. there's one on. I guess that's -- I know why because they're good, not everybody bad. But when you look at what they've done and not -- nobody talks about Afghanistan. You notice they're not talking much about Ukraine either anymore. That's because things don't go well, they don't want to talk about it. When things don't go well, they don't talk about it. You know, it's what they don't talk about, the fake news media, that's almost as bad and sometimes worse than what they do talk about.

Donald Trump: So that means that things are going badly because they're not talking about Ukraine anymore. I don't see it. And not just because of the catastrophe in Israel. Ukraine would have never happened with us ever. Ukraine would have never, ever happened with us, zero chance. And I told Putin, you do it, and it's going to be really bad.

Donald Trump: I said it much nicer. I said, Vladimir, we're friends. But if you go into Ukraine, things are going to happen, the likes of which you've never seen before. No, no, no. Then I told him what I was going to do. "No way you're going to do that." I said way. He said no way. And you know what? No, I got along with him.

Donald Trump: Everyone hates that I got along -- I think it's actually very good to get along with people, not bad. You know, he's got a lot of warheads, and so do we. I think it's a good thing. I got along with Kim Jong Un, too, in North Korea. I got along very well with President Xi until -- as I said, until that horrible China virus came along.

Donald Trump: I want to be accurate. We have to be accurate when you talk about it. So let's call it the China virus. Where the hell does COVID come from? Where does COVID -- you have the Spanish flu, right? You have all these different names. They name it after a location, but that one went on. But when you look at all of these things that have happened and all of the horrible stories that have taken place, and I wanted to get out.

Donald Trump: They were there for 20 years, and it was enough. That was enough. They didn't fight to win. You know, we fought to win. We fought in a place called Syria, and we knocked out 100% of the ISIS caliphate. And then I said, bring them back home, get them back home. We knocked out 100%. We knocked out al-Baghdadi, killed them.

Donald Trump: And the biggest of all time, Soleimani from Iran, the father of the roadside bomb, right, Wesley? Father of the roadside bomb, he was the worst. He was a bad guy. 94% of the people that walk around from wartime wounds where they have no legs or no arms and were just obliterated, 94% because of Soleimani. He made those things by the thousands and levels of sophistication that people would be very surprised at, very, very surprised at. And he's gone.

Donald Trump: Think of that. So you have ISIS, and you have the biggest of all, the head of Pakistan, Khan. He was a great cricket player. He became the head of Pakistan. He said, "It was the biggest moment in my life. When I heard that Soleimani was killed, I left my office. I walked to my home. I stayed in my home in solitude for one week.

Donald Trump: It was the biggest event that ever happened to me." He was the biggest cricket player. That's like being a great NFL player, a great baseball player. He was the -- he said to me, just about the best handsome guy, he became the boss, Pakistan. He said, "I left, and I contemplated for one week. It was the biggest event of my life.

Donald Trump: I've never had anything like that happen." And many people felt like that, and I heard there were repercussions, all of the things, but you have no choice. You have no choice. I told the story the other night, which I had never told before, that when Iran shot down a drone, a metal drone, was 14 years old, not very valuable, flying very near Iran, behind it was an airplane with 39 engineers and pilots in it. And Iran shot down the drone.

Donald Trump: I said, did they shoot down the plane behind it? Because you have engineers that generally follow the drones, right? They said, "No, sir. They didn't," they said. I see. They shot down the drone but not the plane. They could have shot down the plane, which is about five times bigger. I said, that's interesting.

Donald Trump: So -- but we had to hit him, so we hit him quite hard. We knocked out their radar and different things. And we heard some word back from them because I made the statement that if they hit us back, we're going to do things to them that they've never thought possible. And Iran -- this is Iran, the same Iran that's wiping Biden's face in the mud.

Donald Trump: They called us up, and they -- the first time I told this story was a week ago. They called us up, and they said, "Listen, we have no choice. We have to hit you because we have our own self-respect." And I understood that. We hit them, they got to do something. We're going to launch 18 missiles at a certain military base that you have.

Donald Trump: And you remember that night, interesting night. I was the only one that wasn't nervous because I knew what was going to happen. They told us that, "Don't be concerned. We're going to launch 18 missiles at your military base, but none of them will hit the base." These are very accurate missiles. These are missiles that essentially never miss.

Donald Trump: They're very reliable, very accurate. Five of them blew up in the air, didn't make it, and the others hit outside the base area. You remember that, Louie? You were there, right? Louie was very nervous. I wasn't nervous because I knew something that Louie didn't know. So they told me that they were going to hit us, but they were just -- they just had to do it. Now I never told that story before.

Donald Trump: But you know what that story is about? Respect for our nation, respect for our nation. So we have an event coming up that I believe will be the biggest election in the history of our country. We have an event coming up that is important for lots of the obvious reasons but important because there has never been a more incompetent, more corrupt, or worst president in the history of the United States than Crooked Joe Biden.

Donald Trump: What he's doing, he is destroying our country. And the happiest person alive today is a man named Jimmy Carter. Because Jimmy Carter, I would say, had a brilliant presidency if you compare it to what we're going through with this person. He had an absolutely brilliant presidency, but we're going to do things immediately.

Donald Trump: Within 24 hours, we're going to stop the invasion of our southern, and by the way, our northern border, which is not great either, but we are going to stop immediately. And we have great people like Brandon Judd, Border patrol, the people at ICE, Tom Homan, who's fantastic, central casting. We have great -- they can -- they'll do it within 48 hours.

Donald Trump: Like the caravan I told you that's on its way up, they wouldn't have caravan -- well, they had caravans when -- I came up with the name. I believe they'll say, "Oh, it wasn't really you." It was somebody -- I believe I came up with the name because they started forming these caravans, and they don't put their best in those caravans.

Donald Trump: You know, these countries are very smart. They put people that they don't want to have in El Salvador and Honduras, in Guatemala and other places, and many of them now are coming from parts of Africa. Yesterday, they had 18 people they got from the Congo, and four of them were from jails. By the way, our prisoners are like the nicest people in the world compared to some of the prisoners that our country is taking right now.

Donald Trump: Our prisoners are refined, wonderful people, even if they were murderers, compared to the people that are coming out of some of these cells, from MS-13, from South America, from Africa. They're destroying our country, and we have to get them out. We have to get them out, and we have to get them out fast. So you remember the Trump travel ban?

Donald Trump: I imposed the Trump travel ban from any terror-plagued country where they hate America. You know, when they're shouting in their country, death to America, typically, they're not going to be great citizens. This is typical, goes back to what we said about common sense. Death to America, death to America. By the way, we'd love to be a citizen.

Donald Trump: No, thanks. We don't want it. And I took a lot of heat. And then our Supreme Court -- we picked three justices, great justices, and over 300 federal judges, of which you have a lot of them. You have a lot of them right here in Texas. So that really helped. And by the way, you have a very good attorney general who went through hell.

Donald Trump: He went through hell, and I was very happy to have helped. I was very happy to have helped, but they shouldn't have done that to him because he's one of the best in the country, and they shouldn't have done that to him. But it's one of those things. But if you hate America, if you want to abolish Israel, if you sympathize with jihadists, then we really don't want you coming into our country.

Donald Trump: We don't want you coming into our country. So we have an election coming up. And if you remember, and I know everyone here probably does. I only see very few, very, very young, but I do see young audiences now. We have the youngest audience. I noticed in the polls that have really been spectacular, we're leading DeSanctimonius by 54 points, 60 points, 61 came out today.

Donald Trump: We're at 70, almost 70, 69. And he's at like 8. Like -- it's like a wounded bird falling from the sky. It's like, oh who is that? Oh, that's Ron DeSanctimonious. Look, if I endorsed Louie, if Louie was down and out, like DeSanctimonious, and I said, Louie Gohmert, I'm going to endorse you, it's going to bring you back.

Donald Trump: And then he goes out, and he's down, and now he's got no chance. I endorse him, and then he goes like a rocket ship up, right? And then they ask four years later. Then I got him through the general election also. But four years later, they come to Louie Gohmert. They say, "Sir, would you like to run for president against the president?" Louie Gohmert would say, "No, I can't do that because what he did for me was life-changing." Ron DeSanctimonious, looking for jobs.

Donald Trump: He ran. He was at 3%. The leader was, I think, in the 40s, right, like 42, 43. The leader had almost $30 million in the bank. He was the very successful agricultural commissioner of Florida, which is like the second position in Florida after the governor. And he was there for eight years, and his whole life was to run, but I didn't know him.

Donald Trump: And DeSanctimonious came to see me. "Would you do it?" Tears in his eyes. Nobody would even believe it. I don't know if he was wearing those same boots. I didn't notice that. I don't care either, that I don't care about. But tears in his eyes, he said, "Sir, if you endorse me, I think I could win." I said, Ron, you're doing so badly that if George Washington and Abraham Lincoln came back from the dead, and they endorsed you, and they would be your running mate, in some form, you're still going -- you're not going to make it. Said, "You're really popular in Florida.

Donald Trump: I'm telling you, sir, it would give me a chance." Now I didn't know Adam Putnam, but he was supposed to be a good guy, but I didn't know him. I never met him, so I owed him nothing. But a lot of the congressmen -- this man right here, more than anybody. And Wesley, because he's so young, he didn't get the full brunt.

Donald Trump: But there was nobody better than Wesley, and there's nobody better anyway because he's great, OK? Take good care of him, Texas. Take good care of him. But Louie was right on the front lines, much better than Ron. But Ron was one of about 150 that were out there all the time, saying the impeachment hoax number one, impeachment hoax number two, that they're hoaxes, right?

Donald Trump: And I appreciated that. So I said, all right, look, we'll do it. It's going to be tough, but we'll do it. And I asked him to write me out what he'd like to say, and he wrote it out. It was terrible. And that we found out, he's got terrible instincts. I mean, he was against Social Security, little things. He was against Social Security.

Donald Trump: He wanted to raise the age. He was against Medicare. He wanted to cut the hell out of Medicare. I said, these people deserve Medicare. They've been fighting for it. We can do a lot of other things like drill and take in money instead of doing that, but he was against things that were not good and not fair.

Donald Trump: And what happened is he wins, and then he wins the general -- I did two or three rallies that were massive rallies. I said, you're going to win, Ron, because the man he ran against was the hottest guy in Democrat politics. Let's assume I was the hottest guy in politics because I was president, right? I want to be -- I don't want to be foolish.

Donald Trump: But no, he was the hottest guy in Democrat politics. They said he'll be president someday, and they didn't know he was a crackhead. So turned out -- that was revealed about a year and a half later, but he was. He was hard to beat. And I said, you're going to beat him. After the second or third rally, I said, let me tell you, you're going to win.

Donald Trump: He said, "No, I don't think so. I said, you're going to win. OK, so he won. That's it. I didn't see him too much. I don't -- I didn't -- it wasn't like a social friend. I'd help Florida a lot, just like I helped Texas a lot. Every time you had those storms were brutal. We took care of you. We took care of Texas.

Donald Trump: That was my baby. We took care of Texas. But they asked him, "Are you going to run against the president?" And he said something that I didn't like. "I have no comment." Now when they say I have no comment, Mario, he's a great businessman, that's not a good sign. Do you agree? He should have said I would never run against the president.

Donald Trump: He's done a great job, and I endorse him fully immediately. And in 2028, he'd have a very good chance. But now I don't think he'd have much of a chance because he's been exposed as having no personality. And if a politician doesn't have some personality, you don't need a lot. Number one, you need super competence, and you've got to be smart as hell.

Donald Trump: And you got to be able to handle all the bullshit that they give you, including when they make you the political opponent of somebody, and they get the Justice Department on you. And they said, he spoke badly about the election. The election was rigged. I mean, he spoke -- and there's so much evidence. We're going to show you things that nobody believed, but it was a rigged election.

Donald Trump: But -- so they asked Ron DeSanctimonious, and he said, "I have no comment." And I said, I heard that. I said, play that back. One of the greatest inventions in history, TiVo, or its alternative, right? There's a few of them. One of the great -- better than television itself. Television was useless. You could never play anything back, right?

Donald Trump: TiVo. I said play that sucker back. What did he just say? "I have no comment," he said. That means he's going to run against me. This guy, I got him elected, and the word sanctimonious came to me immediately. I said, Ron De. I added De, Ron DeSanctimonious, it came to like -- somebody said your best was Pocahontas.

Donald Trump: When she said she had Indian blood, remember? She had Indian blood. I said, let's call her Pocahontas. That was a good one. We had a lot of good ones. I don't want to go over too many because a lot of them are now friends of mine, Wesley. I never had one for Wesley. I never had one. They don't want one, Wesley is saying I don't have one.

Donald Trump: Well, you had one from a -- one of your senators here had a pretty good one, I would say, right? But you know -- but it's called branding, and you brand people. And I said, this means he's going to run. So my people backstage will get paid a fortune, they say, but you can't listen to them all the time. They're professionals.

Donald Trump: We're running a great campaign. You know, we're getting great credit. They're saying this is the best campaign Trump's ever run. That's pretty good, you know? So they're doing a good job. But my people in the back said, "Sir, please don't hit him, sir." Why? "He's a Republican." I said, I don't care. And we hit him.

Donald Trump: We just pounded him. And now, I think we're going to have to start hitting somebody else because I think Ron looks like he's finished. But it's great disloyalty. And they said to me, "Sir, people don't care about loyalty in a politician. They really don't care. It's not a factor that he was totally disloyal to you." I said, I think it is. And you know what?

Donald Trump: Once I said that, people said -- and my people now admit they were wrong because he fell so fast. I mean, he fell. We were leading by a lot, but now we're really leading by a lot. The only thing that could defeat us now is if we play prevent defense like in the NFL, right? You know what prevent defense is right.

Donald Trump: You're winning. You're stopping the other team. They're not gaining on you at all. You only have to hold them one more time. They have zero points one more time, and the coach says let's go prevent. And they lose the game, touchdown, touchdown, touchdown. We're not going to play prevent defense at all because this is make or break.

Donald Trump: I really believe our country is at I believe the lowest point it's ever been. I think when you look at what's happening outside, when you look at all of these big, unbelievable large groups of people, screaming things that you can't believe are being stated inside the bounds of our country when you look at what's happening.

Donald Trump: So I said it with 2016, I said, this is the biggest election in the history of our country, and then we did a great job. And I didn't view 2020 that way because the country was on a good path. We had the strongest border in history. We had oil going every which direction. We were doing so well. We had the strong -- we built the strongest economy in history, and we had no inflation.

Donald Trump: We had no inflation. Think of it. We had the strongest economy in history. We had the strongest border in history. We had -- everything was perfect, right? We were respected all over the world. They didn't know what to make of me, but they had a hard time with me. But we were respected all over the world.

Donald Trump: We were respected. Somebody said, "You were feared." I said, well, that's even better, to be honest with you. But we were respected at a minimum. At a minimum, we were feared too, and we did all these great things. And one little side note is that I did such a good job on the border. That was no longer an issue.

Donald Trump: If you remember, 2016, I was talking border, border, border. People are coming in. They're being raped. Women are being raped. And they said, "Oh, did he mention the rape word?" Yeah, I mentioned it, and they killed me about that. Now they find out that what I said was like peanuts compared to what happens on those journeys up in those horrible caravans.

Donald Trump: What happens to women is not even describable, and I won't describe it now. But what I said was peanuts. It was baby talk by comparison to the fact. But I did such a good job in the border that when I was running, running -- and we got millions of more votes, so I'm not blaming the border for it. But I kept saying, I want to talk about the border.

Donald Trump: They say, "Nobody has any interest in the border, sir, because you've got that thing in such good shape." We had the lowest numbers in the history of our country, including drug numbers, including human trafficking, which is mostly in women, by the way. It's mostly in women. We had the lowest human trafficking numbers in recorded history.

Donald Trump: We had the lowest drug -- we were down 18%, 19%, 20%, which, frankly, is good, but it's not nearly good enough. But if you want to really make it down to nothing, give the death penalty to drug dealers. I just don't know if our country is -- every drug dealer kills, on average, 500 people and destroys many families.

Donald Trump: The death penalty to drug dealers would stop that if it was meaningful, would stop that immediately. When I was in China, I said to President Xi, who I told you before COVID, I had a great relationship. We really liked each -- I got along with all the tough ones, you know. The weak ones, I didn't get along with.

Donald Trump: I don't know what the hell they said. Personality disorder, I guess, right? No, the tough ones, I get along with. I got along with all the tough ones. I better not bring up the names because then they'll say he liked so and so or this one. But we stopped a nuclear war with North Korea, I can tell you that, because he was ready.

Donald Trump: He was ready. If you would have had Crooked Hillary or now I call her beautiful because I moved crooked over to Biden. But if you would have had Hillary Clinton, you would have had a nuclear war. If there was a way of extending Obama, which, fortunately, there wasn't, you would have had a nuclear war with North Korea.

Donald Trump: So what happens is the border was so good and so strong. I couldn't talk about it. And I'd talk about, ladies and gentlemen, the border, the border, and they're going like falling asleep on me, right? Today, they don't fall asleep. Today, they give a standing ovation because we have to do it again. But we had the border to the lowest point.

Donald Trump: I couldn't talk about it, but we could talk about other things. So we built the greatest economy. We did so many incredible things. Even a thing like right to try. Do you know what right to try is? If you're sick, you're terminally ill -- and I hope there's nobody in this audience that has that. I hope there's nobody anywhere, but they do. If you're terminally ill, you're going to die.

Donald Trump: We have incredible space-age drugs today that are incredible. We have the greatest technicians and doctors and laboratories in the world by far. We get knocked off by China and some of the great copycats. But we have the greatest scientists in the world for everything, for military, maybe especially. But we -- the super-fast, the super-duper missile, as I call it, that was our design that they stole from Obama.

Donald Trump: You know that. Russia stole that design. That was our design that Russia stole from Obama, OK? They don't talk about that when they talk about classified documents, do they, these fakers? But we have the greatest brains in the world, and we have medicines that can make you better. Or if not, you're going to know about it fast.

Donald Trump: But there was a strict prohibition. Nobody wanted to give people the right to have medicine that maybe could make you better because they said, supposing it doesn't work. I said, if it doesn't work, they're going to die, and at least you're going to find out quickly. And it's one of the greatest successes.

Donald Trump: People would be terminally ill. They'd try to get a medicine. They couldn't get it in this country. It's totally illegal. If they had money, they'd go to Europe or they'd go to China, go to some of the places where they supposedly had cures. It never worked, by the way, almost never, and they'd end up dying.

Donald Trump: Sometimes they'd die in foreign lands. If you didn't have money, you'd go home and you'd die. You'd go home and meet -- most people can't travel to Europe to find a cure, a possible cure. And I said, what's the problem? The people are going to die. They said, "No, we don't want to get sued." They'll sue the country.

Donald Trump: They'll sue the doctor. They'll sue the company that makes the product. They didn't want it because they didn't want it on their records. If it doesn't work because they're far down the line. And nobody wanted it, except me. And I said, here's how you solve it. And we got some good lawyers in, and we took liability away from our country and from the companies.

Donald Trump: We took all the liability away. We told the people, we're going to get you what you want, everything you want, but you can't sue if it doesn't work because you're terminally ill. And they were very afraid of it. You know, we're a very lawsuit-happy country. And now a person goes in and very quickly signs a very simple document, saying they're not going to sue anybody, and we are saving thousands and thousands of lives.

Donald Trump: And even these companies that so many companies that make the product, they're saying that it's incredible because they're going to -- they find out immediately whether or not it works because these people are very far down the line. So it's called right to try. Everybody knows it. Nobody back there wants to talk about it, but it's so incredible.

Donald Trump: And again, hopefully, you don't need it. But it's incredible what's happened. They have done things with medicine that's unbelievable, but you won't be able to use it for five or six years. You know, we brought it down from 12 years to get approved for a medicine to five years, and I was going to have it down to two or three.

Donald Trump: But there are testing procedures, but we got it from 12 years to five years, which was great. But almost more importantly, we have the people that are very sick, that have no hope have now been given hope. And in many cases, they've been given their lives back. And it's a tremendous thing, one of many, many, many things that we've done with the administration.

Donald Trump: So just to conclude, this election is the most important. And now I said it in 2016. You'll say, oh -- I didn't say it in 2020. I said it in 2016, and I meant it so strongly, but I mean it much stronger now. This is much more important because our country is ready to fail. We're a failing nation. We're a nation that is in serious trouble financially, militarily.

Donald Trump: We have no allies. We have no respect. We have no nothing. And I just want to say that it will be the most important vote you cast. And your primary -- look, I guess we're in good shape, but I can't say that. You ever hear of somebody in good shape and then nobody goes out to vote? You have to go out to vote.

Donald Trump: You have to go out to vote. And for the election, you have to go, but you have to call those swing staters, and you have to get them to vote because if we don't win this election, I believe we will no longer have a country. I really believe that. This is a time like no other. When you see what happened in Afghanistan, when you see what's happening on the border, when you see the stupidity that happened with Ukraine and Israel, things that would have never, ever happened, they would have never happened.

Donald Trump: Israel would never have been attacked. You know, when I handed over the reins, Iran was stone-cold broke. Did you know that? They were broke. I saw that term a week ago. A commentator said, "Well, when Trump handed over the reins, Iran couldn't be the big scourge of terror, which they are, because they had no money." And I told China, if you buy one barrel of oil, they were the biggest customer from Iran, you're not going to do any business with the United States.

Donald Trump: One barrel of oil, no more business with the United States. I told it to India. I told -- they all said, we're not going to take it. And I said, I'm going to tariff the hell out of your products that come in if we even accept them, which we're going to try not to. Everybody canceled, and Iran had no money.

Donald Trump: They were broke. They would have had a deal with me, no nuclear weapon. They would have had a deal with me within two weeks after the election. It was easy. And then this total incompetent guy gets in. He immediately takes off all the sanctions. He takes over, and Iran now has much more than $100 billion.

Donald Trump: They were saying $100 billion. They have much more than that, $100 billion. And it came to $4 billion when I said the $6 billion is nothing. They made the hostage deal $5 billion for $5 billion. I said, well, that's better than they usually do. But the $5 billion for $5 billion -- the Russia person that they got, he is the greatest arms dealer in history.

Donald Trump: You know that, right? He got -- for the basketball player that refused to stand up for the national anthem, they got the greatest arms dealer of all time. They call him the Merchant of Death. That's who we gave up, and so that's a tough trade. For me, that's a tough trade. But we gave $5 billion for $5 billion, and then they said, "Let me give you the bad news, sir." What's the bad news? "They also get $6 billion." $6 billion.

Donald Trump: I said, what that means is that means that they're going to go around capturing people all over the place because I would never -- we took out -- I got 58 people back, and we never paid a dime. We never paid a dime and from rough countries, including five from North Korea. You think that was easy? We never paid a dime.

Donald Trump: We never gave them anything. So it's the most important election of your lives. And I love your state. I'll always take care of your state. Go out and vote, and we're going to make America great again. We're going to make it greater than ever before. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.