Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-campaign-event-ottumwa-iowa-october-1-2023

Donald Trump: Wow. What a group. You got to see the people outside. This place is packed and outside is packed too. [Audience chants "We love you"]

Donald Trump: And you have plenty of land. And the land is packed. Hello, Iowa. You've been very special to me, and I'm thrilled to be back in the proud home of the first in the nation caucuses. I got you that, you know, first in the nation. Don't let anyone else tell you they got it, I got it, I got that for you.

Donald Trump: Less than four months from now, each of you is going to cast the most important vote of your lives. It's going to be the most important. You know, I used to say that 2016 is the most important, and I meant it. But our nation's going bad. We are truly a nation in decline. You notice the way other of the candidates copy that line now, but there are a lot of different lines, but they mean the same.

Donald Trump: We are a nation in decline and we're going to turn it around. We're going to make America great again. We're going to do it. With your support on Monday, January 15th, we're going to win the Iowa caucuses in a historic landslide. We're going to crush crooked Joe Biden, and he is crooked, most crooked, most corrupt president in history.

Donald Trump: And we're going to do things for our country and very quickly that nobody thought was even possible. We are going to do things that are incredible and going to bring it back. I want to thank Iowa state senators, Cherielynn Westrich. Where is Cherielynn? There's Cherielynn. She's been with me right from the beginning, and another one who I think was my first supporter in the nation, maybe, who could be Brad Zaun.

Donald Trump: Where is Brad? Where is he? He's like the Marlboro Man. He's like the most handsome guy. Thank you very much. I appreciate it, Brad. Right from the beginning. Also, state representatives, Heather Hora, Steve Bradley, Mark Cisneros, thank you very much. It's really great. You've been right there from the start and we've had a great start.

Donald Trump: We won Iowa twice and we're going to win it again by a lot. And part of the reason for that is GOP Chairman Jeff Kaufmann. Where's Jeff? He's around here someplace. Where is our Jeff? We love our Jeff. Thank you. With a great family too. And former acting attorney general of the United States Matt Whitaker, my friend.

Donald Trump: Thank you Matt. Thank you Matt. We're here today to talk about how we're going to rescue the great state of Iowa from the misery inflicted by crooked Joe Biden and his ultra left-wing globalists in the Washington swamp. We got a lot of swamp destroyed, but it went deep. There's no question. We got rid of Comey.

Donald Trump: We got rid of a lot of people. But it is a deep swamp who do nothing but sell you out to foreign nations. You know, it probably almost better than anybody. I would say Michigan is right up there with you. The autos get sold out. Now, they want to go to all electric cars. That's great. You know, if you want to drive for a half hour and start, let's -- where do I recharge?

Donald Trump: You want to take a nice, long, beautiful drive in the country, you have to make it a nice short drive in the country. As I said in my speech last week in Michigan, I want a future that protects American labor, not foreign labor. We're going to protect our labor, a future that puts American dreams over foreign profits, a future that raises American wages, that strengthens American industry that builds national pride, and that defends this country's dignity.

Donald Trump: And today, I add a future that protects, defends, and delivers for the American farmer because the American farmers are big deal. Under Joe Biden, you know that. Joe Biden does not love the American farmer, that you know, you found that out the hard way, including the first of the nation. Where are they? What happened?

Donald Trump: What happened to them? Under crooked Joe Biden, it's been a nonstop war on American agriculture. Biden reimposed the job killing waters of the United States rule. Do you know how bad that is, right? Does everybody know that? Because it sounds so beautiful. Waters of the United States. Oh, it's such a beautiful term.

Donald Trump: Like they're wonderful inflation killing. We're going to kill it. Inflation. They kill -- the inflation killing bill. It's going to be great. But it didn't turn. It's the Green New Deal bill. They renamed it later. But the waters of the United States. How beautiful. Except every page is a kill. Makes you -- It makes it impossible for you to produce, for you to farm your land, for people to build on your land, for you to build anything on your land, including housing.

Donald Trump: A disaster. I said, "When I did it, I terminated it." I said, "You know, I'm going to get killed for this because the title is so beautiful." Waters of the United States. Everything else is devastating. And when I signed it, I had a lot of farmers come in from Iowa, a lot of builders come in from all over the country, and they were crying.

Donald Trump: Many of them were crying. People that have never cried before. Sit down please. We'll, let's -- we can spend some time. Who the hell wants to watch a football game? Right? Forget it. This is better, but it was devastating. They were many of them were literally crying. They said, "You've given back our life, you've given back our livelihood." And they want to terminate it and make it impossible.

Donald Trump: But they've done that in so many different ways. They're seeking to regulate every ditch and every puddle on your private land. They call a puddle a river, a lake. These people are crazy. He's trying to raise taxes on farms and reinstate the death tax, which I stopped. You know, the inheritance tax on your farms.

Donald Trump: I stopped it so that if you love your children, only if you love them, you could give that to them and they won't have to file bankruptcy in trying to pay the tax and go out and borrow and lose the farm, ultimately, which happened so many times, I ended the estate tax on farms. And you know what? If you love your children, you should be very thankful.

Donald Trump: You should never vote. If you don't love your children, don't leave it to them then therefore it's not going to matter that much. Then you say, who the hell cares whether I pay? I don't like the kids, but most of you -- does everybody like your children? Raise your hand. Is there anybody that will not be leaving their farm to the children?

Donald Trump: Anybody in the room? [Audience member calls out "me"]

Donald Trump: There's one person raised. I'd like to bring her up. Let's talk to you about that. We got rid of it so you don't have to. Your children can live in peace because it's some horrible things took place. It was a huge. It was a tremendous tax. Fertilizer prices are up almost 300%. And I heard lifted up a lot over the last week.

Donald Trump: And Crooked Joe is letting other countries rip you off on trade while he does absolutely nothing, and no one gets abused on trade like the American farmer, except for four years where you had Trump. I took good care of you. I took good care of you because I respect the farmer. Under crooked Joe, we are now exploding in trade deficits in agriculture.

Donald Trump: You've never seen anything like it. Nobody's seen anything like it. Something previously thought impossible. Do you remember where in American agriculture used to feed the world, the entire world? But with crooked Joe in the White House, we're now importing more farm product than we are exporting. Would you believe that?

Donald Trump: And we're, sort of, a farm country. We're importing more. Think of that. That's not even it's not even believable. That should never happen and it will never happen under me, we're going back to. Do you, remember all the things that got you passed? I said, "You only have to do one thing, buy more land and buy bigger tractors." Remember?

Donald Trump: And I was right. You never did better than under me. I passed the USMCA very importantly, Mexico, Canada got rid of NAFTA, but and we're going to talk about that a little bit. But I also made the greatest trade deal ever made with China. The problem is when COVID came in, I didn't even want to talk about it because that was so terrible what happened.

Donald Trump: As your president, I made my personal mission to knock down barriers to American farm products all over the world. I ended the NAFTA disaster, the worst trade deal ever made by our country and by most other countries, too, and replace it with the USMCA, which is the best trade deal, they say, ever made. Everyone said that couldn't be done.

Donald Trump: Thank you. In fact, so good, in fact, that they're trying to renegotiate it, Mexico and Canada, they -- don't let them do it. I -- but it won't matter because we'll change it back in about two minutes, so don't worry about it too much. You can worry about other things. I pried open Canada's dairy, poultry and egg markets for American producers.

Donald Trump: The deal was so good though. It is true that they are spending vast amounts of time and money trying to please and placate Mexico and Canada by redoing the entire deal and making it bad for us and good for them as they had it for decades with NAFTA. But I don't think they can get away with it. I don't think anyone's going to let them get away with that.

Donald Trump: Isn't it nice to have deals with the other countries are unhappy and they try and renegotiate? You know, we never had that before. Our deals are so bad. I used to look at our deals and say, "Who made these deals? They're so bad." And we renegotiated the deal with South Korea for you. We renegotiated the deal with Japan.

Donald Trump: Remember the Japan deal? How bad it was. Now it's a good deal for you with Abe, great man. Abe, prime minister of Japan, great gentleman. And as you know, they took his life. They assassinated Abe. Shinzo Abe, one of the great people, but we renegotiated the deal. I said, "Shinzo, it is a very one-sided deal." He said, "I was waiting for you to say that" because he knows me, you know.

Donald Trump: Nobody else said it. He said, "Nobody else would ever bring it up." No other president ever brought it up. I took on communist China like no administration in history, bringing hundreds of billions of dollars pouring into our Treasury when no other president had gotten even $0.10, not $0.10 from China, they wouldn't have given them anything.

Donald Trump: I then gave the farmers $28 billion straight out of the tariffs that I took out of China. Think of that. Do you think any other -- do you think Joe Biden would have even thought to give you 28 billion? [Audience responds "No"]

Donald Trump: And I walked around, you know, my people said, "Sir, you're acting a little bit too cocky." I said, "Why?" You keep saying you've got Iowa locked up, you've got Nebraska, you've got Wisconsin, you've got farm states all locked up because of the $28 billion. I said, "Do you think I shouldn't say that." Do you think they're going -- I got you $28 billion.

Donald Trump: They're not voting against me. Nobody would have gotten them $0.10. They never did. They never asked. They never would have thought about it would have never happened. And a big chunk of that $28 billion went to the farmers in this room and went to the farmers of your great state. I got Japan to slash and eliminate tariffs on over 90% of US food and agricultural exports.

Donald Trump: You know that. You couldn't do any business. They had such tariffs on your food, and we got them to virtually end all tariffs going in. Nobody thought that was possible. It was actually not that hard. That was one of the easy ones. I also want our farmers gigantic concessions from South Korea, Argentina, Brazil, Guatemala, Tunisia, Ecuador, Morocco and many, many other countries.

Donald Trump: You know that. I did a lot. I did a lot. In total, I successfully negotiated and renegotiated more than 50 agreements to boost farm exports by billions and billions of dollars and supporting American jobs. And the reason you're doing OK now, you know, it's a big difference from three and a half years ago, but you're doing OK. It's like off the fumes of what we did.

Donald Trump: That's all it is. But they want to take a lot of those things away and they have taken many of them away. We'll put them back in the first day in the administration. They're going to be back. But that's what happens when you finally have a president who stands up for America and I will do it again starting at noon on Inauguration Day, January 20th, 2025. Right?

Donald Trump: We will do it. Thank you. Thank you. Under the Trump presidency, patriotic protectionism, protection. We want to protect our country from people that are destroying our country. They want to destroy our country, and they see it being destroyed and they do nothing about it. But it will be a new American way.

Donald Trump: Protectionism. We have to protect our country from outside evil and also from inside evil, because I think the inside evil is actually more dangerous than the outside. Inside evil like some of these radical left lunatics that we have to deal with all the time. That means protecting our workers, protecting our wages, protecting our jobs, protecting our industries, and yes, protecting our farmers, ranchers, growers and ethanol producers, and the great state of Iowa.

Donald Trump: We're protecting them. Crooked Joe is trying to crush Iowa ethanol, Biden's insane electric vehicle mandate. You hear that? Everybody has to go buy an electric car, even though you can only drive for about 15 minutes. [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: I want to drive, darling. Let's have a beautiful drive to California to see how horrible that state is doing. Let's go and see if it's as bad as I hear. Let's take a drive to California. Let's go and study San Francisco. What a horrible thing it is. And let's study parts of Los Angeles just to see if it's as bad as they say, darling, and let's get in our new electric vehicle.

Donald Trump: And 30 minutes later, you're saying, "Where are we going to get a recharge?" Did you ever hear that? The happiest people in the world are the people who just got their electric vehicle charged. That lasts for 10 minutes. After that, they become somewhat schizophrenic because they're thinking about, where the hell do I get it recharged?

Donald Trump: No, look, electric vehicles are OK, but -- and they have their place. You know, I don't know if you know, but they want to make trucks now all electric, and the trucking industry will be decimated. The trucking industry -- and I spoke to the big trucking industries. So, they said, you know, these big beautiful cabs, these beautiful -- they have, like, penthouse apartments.

Donald Trump: I'd live in one of them. They're gorgeous, right, with the back. And they said to me, one of the executives, "For 60 years I've been buying trucks" big guy, he said, "In every year they got a little bit better, a little bit better, a little bit" He said, "Now, they're so amazing. Now they want to bring us back 60 years ago." So, a truck, a big truck, a good -- I won't use Peterbilt, but it could use Peterbilt and others that build them, and they're very good companies.

Donald Trump: They build an incredible product. You can get them with diesel. You can get them to go up to 2,000 miles. Think of that. Two thousand miles. An electric will go about 300 miles. So, that being six or seven times. And those are long stops too. Those aren't like fill it up. Those are long stops. And they don't care.

Donald Trump: The greatest is the Army tank. So, we have these great Army tanks that can blast the hell out of anything, right, Sherman tanks. They can blast the hell out of anything. They want to make them all electric now, so that when we go into enemy territory, guns are blazing, knocking the hell out of everything in front, we're doing it in an environmentally friendly way.

Donald Trump: Now, do you believe it? And the problem with the Army tanks -- you know, we want to be environmentally friendly. And the problem with the Army tanks is actually the electric isn't good for it in terms of the torque and various other things, but they can't go very far also, they don't go very far. So you can have a lot of problems with that one.

Donald Trump: And the batteries are massive. You know, the battery would be bigger. Actually, to get it so it could be at least 20% of diesel, the battery is so big. It's actually bigger than the Army tank itself. So I have an idea. Let it pull a battery along, put wheels, let it pull. These people are crazy. And the new one, I was in South Carolina the other day, great boat manufacturer and he's very concerned.

Donald Trump: No. 1, they cut his thing down to two miles an hour even if you're way out in the ocean. Two miles an hour. I said, "How fast can they go? Like 40 and 50." They wanted to go two until they get out to 90 miles. I said, "How far out do they go about 60 miles?" I said, "You mean, you can speed it up, but you'll never get out there?" That's long, 90 miles.

Donald Trump: I looked at those boats. They look very safe, but I don't know where it'd be 90 miles out. That's a long way. But he said, "They want us to start thinking about going all electric for boats instead of Mercury engines. Beautiful. Made in the USA, Mercury engines and others with -- you smell that little -- smell that beautiful sound, everything.

Donald Trump: They want to go all electric. I said, "What's wrong with it?" He said, "Well, the problem is the batteries are so heavy that the boat can't carry them, they would sink." And if we did it where they could go for at least a moderate period of time, they'd be so big that cover the entire boat. And he said to me, he said, "You know, nobody's ever asked me this question." I said, "So what would happen if you're in an all-battery boat?" The whole boat is practically battery.

Donald Trump: You know, these batteries are massive. Problem with the trucks is it takes up so much room to with the trucks. I mean, the whole thing is like a battery. The whole thing is so crazy. Do you think if they had one three-minute sit down with the truckers of America, they'd understand it? And they do, sort of, understand it, but it doesn't matter.

Donald Trump: It's like open border. They understand open borders and it doesn't matter. You don't see them closing the borders. They say, "Oh, we're doing a wonderful job." The -- 15 million people are coming in from prisons, from mental institutions. They're coming in. But I asked the boater, I said, "So let me ask you, let's say your boat goes down and I'm sitting on top of this big, powerful battery and the boat's going down, do I get electrocuted?" And he said, "You know what?

Donald Trump: Honestly, nobody's ever asked me that question." But if I'm sitting down and that boat's going down and I'm on top of a battery and the water starts flooding in, I'm getting concerned. But then I look 10 yards to my left and there's a shark over there. So, I have a choice of electrocution or a shark. You know what I'm going to take?

Donald Trump: Electrocution. I will take electrocution every single time. Do we agree? I will take electrocution. But these people are crazy. They also want to go with energy efficient jet fuel so that we don't have any problems. But I said, "Well, what's the negativity?" Sir, we lose approximately 15% of efficiency on the plane itself.

Donald Trump: I said, "You know, 15% is the difference between shooting somebody down and being shot down." It's a lot. You know that. Yes, sir. But it's good for the environment. Just think of these idiots. So, we're going to go into enemy territory, we're going to bomb the hell out of cities, we're going to beat our enemy, we're going to hit them so hard they don't know all in an energy clean way.

Donald Trump: We want to have nice, clean jet engines, even though we're bombing the crap out of them, right? These people are crazy. So, you lose efficiency. You lose a standard of effectiveness that's very severe. It's about 15%. And if you don't mind, I didn't come back to you and ask you if I could do it, but I turned that proposal down OK, but it will be approved by this administration if they have their druthers.

Donald Trump: If Joe Biden's extremist mandate is allowed to stand, gas powered cars will be gone, Iowa ethanol will be totally destroyed, and the economy of this state will be decimated. Ethanol is a big thing for your state, by the way, in terms of jobs and what it represents. When I'm back in the White House, I will save Iowa ethanol by repealing Joe Biden's absolutely insane job killing electric vehicle mandate on day one.

Donald Trump: Day one. One. You know they want to kill it. They want to basically kill any -- almost any form of energy. They like wind. They like these big windmills and they like -- I mean, they like things that are very expensive, mostly made in China. You know, all the cars are going to be made in China. I was in Michigan the other night with the United Auto Workers and others, and I said, "You know, you can be negotiating your hourly wage." It doesn't matter, because in two years you're not going to have any job production.

Donald Trump: They're going to all be moved to China, because China makes all electric cars and a couple of other countries make all the electric cars. We're not going to make any. So, it doesn't matter what they pay you per hour. And all of a sudden, did you notice today? Today, the union said, "We want to fight to stop the elect -- " I'm the one that told them.

Donald Trump: What the hell kind of a union is this? I'm the one that told them. They're not going to have any cars made in the United States. You know, they haven't -- I haven't figured I'm going to do this the next time I'm here. We'll talk about it. Tractors, beautiful John Deere tractors, case tractors, all these beautiful tractors, I love them.

Donald Trump: If they go all electric with what I said about the size of the battery, those tractors aren't going to look so good. We're going to do a little study on tractors. I haven't heard. They probably have something where they want a tractor to be all electric too. Wouldn't that be nice? Nice and quiet. You'll have no smell of anything as you're doing the corn and if you're doing all of the different things you do with these tractors -- what they've done with tractors are incredible, computerized, incredible.

Donald Trump: But you won't be using them for very long because you'll be looking for a charge. You'll be out. Darling, I can't do the crop today. Damn tractor. It only goes a half hour. No. We got to get back to common sense. You know, people say, "You're very conservative." I said, "No, I'm a person with a lot of common sense." Like we need straight elections, free and fair.

Donald Trump: We need closed borders. People have to come into our country legally. Legally. They have to come into our country legally. We can't do this. We had the safest border in the history of our country. Now, we have the most unsafe border in the history of the world. Under a Trump administration, gasoline fired engines will be allowed, but child sexual mutilation will be banned.

Donald Trump: If that's OK with you. Child sexual mutilation. But think of it. Think of it. Can you imagine, even 10 years ago, some politician, I hate to say it, I guess I'm a politician, I don't think I'm a politician, but I'm a politician, would stand up before you and say, "I will stop child sexual mutilation." You'd say, "This guy is crazy.

Donald Trump: Who would think that you have to say this?" But now we have to say things like that. We have to say things like, "I will not allow men in women's sports." Can you imagine? No. Can you imagine? No. Can you imagine? Weightlifting. You see, the weightlifting records are being broken by hundreds of pounds. They stood like a quarter of an ounce and they're being broken by hundreds of pounds.

Donald Trump: Records that stood for 18 years. It's so horrible and it's so terrible for women. It's demeaning what they're doing for women. It's such a sad thing and you better vote for Trump. I think you better vote. In our first four years, I fought for ethanol like no president in history, I did. I saved it. I issued a rule declaring that E15 would be made available 12 months a year.

Donald Trump: Remember, it was eight months. It was crazy. I said, "You mean it's no good?" Well, in the summer it works differently. I said, "No, it doesn't." I also dramatically increased the number of fueling stations where E15 could be sold across the country by letting them use the existing pumps, not having to go buy brand new pumps that, frankly, are not as good and they cost a lot of money.

Donald Trump: I said, "What's the difference?" Well, the old pumps are stronger and they're better. I said, "We're going to allow the old pumps saved millions and millions of dollars." One of the most vicious opponents of Iowa ethanol farmers is a guy named Ron DeSanctimonious. Did anybody ever hear this guy? [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: This guy's a disaster. I endorsed him. Then they say I got him elected because he was dead. I endorsed him and then they said -- four years later they said, "Will you support the president? Will you run?" I have no comment. I said, "If he has no comment, that means he's running." Can you believe this guy?

Donald Trump: But he's like a very injured falling bird. He's just about -- because the poll numbers are phenomenal and the Iowa -- we're up by over 40 points in Iowa. So that's good. But Ron DeSanctus, you know, it's interesting. One of the there's a lot of press back there. You know, we have these strong lights.

Donald Trump: As we get better and bigger, they get -- the lights get much more powerful but you look like crap on television. I got -- I was going to tell my people. I'm telling my people now, I'm talking, this isn't for you, this is for -- these lights are so powerful, they probably cost a lot of money because we're doing so well, everyone's sending in lots of cam, but these lights are no good.

Donald Trump: No. 1, you can hardly see the audience. No. 2, when you go home to watch it with our great first lady, how did I look? She said, "You didn't look good. Too much light." These lights are terrible. They're terrible. They look pretty when you're here, you know, it's like lit up like a Christmas tree. By the way, remember Christmas, by the way we brought back Christmas.

Donald Trump: We brought back Merry Christmas. Nobody fights it anymore. Nobody fights it. Speaking of Christmas. Remember that? I said -- one of the first things I said in 2015, actually, when I was campaigning, I said, "We will bring back Merry Christmas." Because these woke department says, they didn't want to use the word Christmas and they used the word Christmas now.

Donald Trump: We brought that back. We did a lot of things. Ron DeSanctus has spent his entire time in Congress angrily railing against ethanol and fighting to terminate the Renewable Fuel Standard, which without that, the ethanol would be totally -- it's totally destroyed. He said, "That demolishing ethanol was a no brainer.

Donald Trump: Got to get it out." He also said that about Social Security, by the way, and he also said it about a thing called Medicare. Remember one thing about a politician? Whatever they say first, that's where they go. Now, they'll come back. I have no idea what he's saying. I don't really care. I think he's in fifth place in one of the states now.

Donald Trump: He dropped to fifth. He's No. 5. I wonder how he feels about that. Just came out poll. He's No. 5 in one state or another. But with a politician, when they come out, like he came out very strongly against Social Security and he wanted to raise the minimum age to 70 or higher. I said, "These people have worked.

Donald Trump: We can do many other things. We don't have to do that." But when they do that, they may soften a lot during the election process. But as soon as the election is over, they always go back to what they originally wanted. That's their instinct. And same with Medicare, a killer on Medicare, you deserve Medicare.

Donald Trump: You've paid a big price for Medicare and for Social Security. He wants to kill it. No, he wants to kill it. We can do plenty of other things. You know what we can do? We have more oil than any other country in the world. We can drill for oil. And what we can take out of there is peanuts compared to what we're going to save by doing harm to Medicare and to Social Security.

Donald Trump: We want to take our oil and sell it to Europe, which we were ready, we were energy independent. We were going to be within a matter of months, energy dominant. We were selling -- we were doing more business and taking out more oil than Russia, Saudi Arabia, and it was soon going to be combined. We were third when I got in. When I left, we were by far No. 1, and we were going to start selling our oil and gas to Europe and making a fortune.

Donald Trump: And by the way, keeping the price down so that Putin wouldn't have been able to prosecute his war in Ukraine, he wouldn't have done it anyway because I told him, "You can't do it. You can't do it. You can't do it, Vladimir. You can't do it. Don't do it." And he didn't do it. He didn't do it during my administration.

Donald Trump: And China wasn't talking about Taiwan during my administration. DeSanctimonious also strongly opposed the $28 billion that I talked about before to defend our farmers from Chinese trading abuse, and that was abuse. They abused our farmers. And our farmers were great when I needed their help because I needed a little help, they had to give me a little time.

Donald Trump: You know, you can't do these things that quickly. To get it done properly, you have to leave the table a couple of times. I left the table a lot and they came back to me every single time. But the farmers said, "Nope." I never forget there was an interview on television. They interviewed a couple of farmers and they said all of them in unison, "Nope, our president's doing the right things.

Donald Trump: We're with them all the way." And when I got that incredible deal where China has to buy $50 billion worth of our products, you know, it was supposed to be 15, it's supposed to be 15 billion, and I misunderstood. I heard it as 50. So, my guy said, "Sir 15." I said, "Wait a minute, you told me 50." No, we always said 15. So perhaps I'm losing a little hearing or something.

Donald Trump: I said, "I heard 50." They said, "No, it's 15 we're asking for." I said, "Ask for 50. You'll get it." They asked for 50 and they got it. It was as simple as that. So it was good that I didn't hear it perfectly. Right, Madam Senator, right? Great job you do. But the DeSanctus decided with the communists and China and I sided with the farmers and America, if that's OK, I sided.

Donald Trump: Now, you're going to find out is a bad seed there. He's a bad seed like you plant. Every once in a while, you have a bad seed. You think it's good, but it's bad. I mean, anybody that you got elected should support you. If I help somebody, if somebody -- you know, I help somebody and it does happen on occasion.

Donald Trump: I figure 10% of the time. You help somebody a lot, then all of a sudden, you see they go against you. You just can't. It's hard to like those people, but it happens. Mostly good, 90% good, 85%, 5%, a little bit not great, and 10%, you know, they go against but you get somebody where he's out of politics. He's just getting crushed by the secretary of Agriculture, Adam Putnam.

Donald Trump: Big thing in Florida agriculture, too. Secretary of Agriculture is the second biggest position. He's been running for eight years. Ron was down by like 30 or 40 points. It was over. The primary was soon and he asked me, beg me, please, please, please. And he said, "You're the most popular person." You know, I got more votes than he did in Florida.

Donald Trump: Nobody wants to talk about it. The fake news will never talk about it. He got a lot of votes. I got much more than he got by 1.2 million, I believe, 1.2 million more votes than he did. I'm the one that turned Florida. He didn't turn Florida. He rode my coattails but I endorsed him. And then they asked him that question, and I -- you know, so anywhere -- so they have an expression I suspect it came out of Iowa.

Donald Trump: They call it a bad seed. But you don't like those people too much, you know, when you help somebody. I helped a lot of people in Iowa a lot and I haven't had such love from some of these political people. We're going to have to think about that, you know. Some of these political people, some of these political people.

Donald Trump: But I don't mention names because I like to stay very, very non-confrontational. But some of these political people that are running that were begging for my support. "Sir, please, sir, could you do a rally? Sir, please, could you endorse me? I need your endorsement, sir." You know, my endorsement were almost 99%. When I endorsed somebody, a Republican, they win, and they're asking me for endorsement.

Donald Trump: And then, I heard they're going to remain neutral. I think we're going to remain neutral, sir. I said I would have liked to have remained neutral, too. So anyway, but you got to remember that, you know, but with this guy DeSanctus, he's running and we hit him hard. You have to and we've hit some of the other ones hard, too.

Donald Trump: And despite the fact, they say, "Sir, he's a Republican, you shouldn't hit him hard." I said, "If you don't mind, let me do it my way." My consultants, my geniuses in the back, they get paid a lot of money, but we hit a lot of the other ones hard. And some of them we don't hit hard, I mean, I respect some of the people that were running.

Donald Trump: By the way, the debate numbers were the lowest in the history of debates. You saw that, right? And my speech simultaneously put in Michigan to the auto workers got great ratings, so it's good. There's something going on in our country. We want our country to be back. We want our country to be run by people with intelligence, with common sense, with smartness, with love for our country, with love for our country, not love for other people and other countries.

Donald Trump: But DeSanctus is. You know, it's great you talk about branding. Branding is a great thing. You brand somebody. So, it's DeSanctimonious. I never said it's DeSanctimonious, but you can't keep using it, it's too long. But it's a beautiful term, you know, DeSanctimonious it flows, but you, sort of, can use it once every two or three paragraphs, right Brad?

Donald Trump: Wherever the hell Brad. My Brad. where the hell is that guy? He's the greatest. But he was there right from -- I think he's the first person that endorsed me in the whole country, the whole country. So I happen to love him. See, I'm very loyal to people like that, you know? But think of it. So it's DeSanctimonious.

Donald Trump: But the abbreviation is DeSanctus. If you put the two words together, put DeSanctus underneath. It's a beautiful thing. It's actually a certain genius to it. So he's being interviewed by one of the networks on a straight interview. "Ladies and gentlemen, we're pleased to have Governor Ron DeSanctus with us today.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, Governor DeSanctus." "It's DeSantis." But he actually changed his name, right? He went DeSantis, right? He doesn't want DeSanctus. He wants DeSantis. And I left him a message, never change your name in the middle of a campaign. Do you agree with that? Never change your name, senator in the middle of a campaign.

Donald Trump: Anyway, but he's -- looks like he's toast. I never say that about anything. You know, I can say I'd go into a deal and business, and they're waiting for me to sign, everything's done 100%, and I'm walking into the conference room ready to sign. I say, "What are my chances of getting it done?" I'd say, "What are your chances of getting it?" Now, all they need is my signature.

Donald Trump: I'd say 50/50. So, I never take anything for granted. He is so gone, this guy, and he should be gone because he did the wrong thing and he's young. He could have run in '28. I think his career in '28 is finished too, because he's not a talented person. But he could have run in '28. They say walked in. You don't walk into any, this is -- you need great talent for this stuff.

Donald Trump: You don't walk in, you think somebody's going to walk in and they always get clobbered, right? They get clobbered because they don't have the talent. They don't have a lot of things. They don't have the -- in his case, they don't have the personality. You need a little personality, right? His entire career has shown that Ron DeSanctus is a sworn enemy of the American farmer.

Donald Trump: How does that play in Iowa? I don't know. Senator, does that play well in Iowa? An enemy of the farmer. They call him an enemy of the farmer. But that means he's going to be an enemy of the farmer as soon as an election would be over in Florida. He's been voting horribly, and he's been vetoing funding and support for farmers left and right.

Donald Trump: You know that. Yet, now he's trying to lie about his record and suddenly pretending to be a supporter of biofuels. He's not, and he won't be. He also said he kept the state open. He didn't keep it open. Henry McMaster kept south. If you look South Carolina, he kept it open. Henry McMaster, the governor of South Carolina, did a great job and South Dakota was kept open.

Donald Trump: Governor Noem kept it open. Very good job. Tennessee was kept open. Numbers of them were literally kept open. But DeSantis has a short memory. He closed his beaches. He closed the roads, he closed -- he closed everything. Then he went for the vaccinations. Remember, he had these vaccination booths all over the place.

Donald Trump: And, you know, look, some people like that. Some people don't but you can't. For political reasons say it never happened. Here's a short-term memory. Iowa farmers need to know all of this. And I call him the -- somebody that cannot be trusted. It's very, very sad, actually. He'll stab you in the back, just like he stabbed MAGA in the back.

Donald Trump: But MAGA doesn't get stabbed too many times because MAGA, sort of -- MAGA is tough. You know, when Biden says, "We will stop MAGA." I said, "Do you think he knows what MAGA stands for?" Do you think so? I don't think so. [Audience responds "No"]

Donald Trump: I don't. Mr. Attorney General, does he know? I don't think so. If I said to him, "What does MAGA stand for?" "I don't know, I just know it's violent." MAGA stands for -- very simply, Make America Great Again. You know, there's something OK with that, right? Very simple. He made a couple of mistakes.

Donald Trump: He said, "It's Ultra-MAGA." And I said, "That's a great term." We actually make hats now, Ultra-MAGA. Some of them are very, very serious supporters like those hats. By contrast, every promise I made to Iowa as a candidate, I fulfilled as your president, and much more so. I fulfill much more than I promised, actually.

Donald Trump: Not too often you see that from politicians. And I will remain the champion of American farmers with four more years on the White House, I will. I promise. Within hours of my inauguration, I'll cancel every Biden policy that is brutalizing our farmers. I'll appoint a special team to attack the high price of fertilizer and get the price way down, because that price is very, very high.

Donald Trump: Get it way down. Like I'd like to get those lights down. I'll get it the same thing. Those lights are terrible. They're blinding but I get used to it. And I'll tell other countries where we spend billions of dollars. We spend billions and billions on military protection and other things that if you do not give preferential treatment to our farmers -- and I started this week, we did a lot of it anyway but.

Donald Trump: To our farmers, our growers, our producers, the troops that we have there, protecting them where they pay us like nothing. It's probably not even a good thing to do. Many of them hate us and we're protecting them. But all those troops are going to be coming home immediately, and we're not going to be spending any money in those countries, OK? They got to buy from our farmers and our manufacturers.

Donald Trump: It's no wonder the far-left lunatics are getting desperate to stop our movement by any means necessary. As you know, crooked Joe Biden and his radical-left thugs have weaponized law enforcement to arrest their leading opponent on fake and phony charges. [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: I got arrested four times in the last -- it's almost like I wake up in the morning. Do you think they'll arrest me today? I never got arrested before. It's a terrible thing. Oh, they go after their opponents with the law enforcement now. They've weaponized our law enforcement. This never happened.

Donald Trump: This happens in third world countries all the time. This happened -- it happened in Russia. Look at what goes on over there. They get somebody that's talking, perhaps good, perhaps bad, but he ends up in jail for 25 years. It's a very, very sad thing. But it does happen in banana republics, third world countries.

Donald Trump: This is high level election interference. They want to damage your reputation and your everything so you don't go out and vote. But the good news with me is people know me very well. It cost me billions of dollars to do this. This was not exactly a good situation. If I was looking for money, I could have made deals.

Donald Trump: I had countries coming up to me, heads of -- everybody. "I'd like to make a deal with you, sir." Biden would have made it. Hunter would have made it. They would have walked away with a fortune. I could have made -- by the way, their deals are terrible and they did nothing for them. But I could have walked away with billions.

Donald Trump: I said, "It's just the wrong thing to do." I told my kids that they will be offered to do deals all over the place. Can't do it. I'm president. You can't do it. My poor kids. I mean, all they did is get subpoena after subpoena and they didn't do anything. They're good kids. But this is high level election interference at a level nobody's ever seen actually before and it's happening for a single reason because I'm the only candidate they do not want to run against.

Donald Trump: They say just the opposite. They are the party of disinformation and misinformation. They are the party of dis and misinformation. They are a party that says the opposite. They say, "We want to run against Trump or we dream." Well, we beat him twice. We beat him against crooked Hillary. Isn't it nice that I changed her name?

Donald Trump: That was the best day of her life. You know, I took it away. Now we call her beautiful Hillary, and we call this guy crooked because it's just such an accurate term. But the polls bear this out and they don't want to run against me. I'm the last one. If they wanted to run against me, I wouldn't have had four indictments so far.

Donald Trump: I wouldn't be looked at by the Manhattan DA, where they actually moved their top person in the DOJ into the Manhattan DA's office to head up the investigation of Trump. Can you imagine? Not supposed to do that. I don't even think you're legally allowed. But they moved their top person, Colangelo. They moved him into the Manhattan DA's office to head up the prosecution.

Donald Trump: They're dealing with Fani Willis. Did you ever hear of Fani Willis from Georgia? [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: Because we had the audacity to question an election. Which in my opinion was absolutely rigged. I think we won Georgia. You know, it's a friend of mine from Alabama said, "You don't win Alabama by the biggest number in history. You don't win South Carolina by the biggest number in history, and then lose Georgia by a whisker." You don't do it.

Donald Trump: No. It's a shame. We have to straighten out our elections and we have to close up our borders. But in last week's big ABC poll, I'm leading crooked Joe by 10 points. They don't like that. And in the brand new just came out New York Post poll were beating Biden by 11 points. Now they don't want to run against me. They want to run against anybody but me. But they want to say, "I want to run against Trump." That's right.

Donald Trump: I want to run against Trump. He's only leading me by 11 points. Let's run against him. By the way, all the other candidates are losing to him, which is actually hard to believe, to be honest with you. In the new Morning Consult poll that you saw yesterday, I'm at 63% and DeSanctimonious is at 12%. Other than that, he's doing very well.

Donald Trump: In New Hampshire, and that's the state, DeSanctimonious has fallen all the way down close to the bottom of the pack, and we're up 33 points on everybody else. The radical-left Democrats rigged the presidential election of 2020, and we're not going to allow them to rig the presidential election of 2024, because if we do, we won't have a country anymore.

Donald Trump: We won't have a country. Every time the radical-left Democrats, Marxists, communists and fascists indict me, I consider it a great badge of honor. Because I'm being indicted for you. Thanks a lot, everybody I appreciate it. First lady, I'm being indicted again tonight. Again? She goes, again? I'm being indicted again tonight for the people of Iowa. [Audience chants "We love you"]

Donald Trump: No, it's terrible. When you have to call your kids, kids, listen, dad's going to be indicted tonight. Ivanka goes, "Again, dad." Unbelievable. These are sick people. [Audience chants "We love you"]

Donald Trump: Thank you, darling. I appreciate it. Thank you very much. That's very nice. I love you, too. Never forget, our enemies want to stop us because we're the only ones who can stop them, and they know we're stopping them. They want to take away my freedom because I will never let them take away your freedom.

Donald Trump: Never let them take it away. They want to silence me because I will never let them silence you. And in the end, they're not after me, thereafter you. But I just happened to be standing in their way, and I will always be in their way. This is not a campaign. This is a movement. You know, Newt Gingrich said the other night, this is the greatest phenomenon in the history of politics.

Donald Trump: This has never been a movement like Make America Great Again or MAGA, you could call it. But there has never been a movement called America First. You never heard the term until we came along, America First. How beautiful is that term? What do you stand for? America First. Oh, put him in jail. That's terrible.

Donald Trump: Let's put him in jail. What do you stand for, MAGA? We stand for MAGA. [Audience chants "USA"]

Donald Trump: Thank you. What do you stand for? Thank you. Thank you. What do you stand for? I stand for MAGA, Make America Great Again. And then they say, "Oh, that's insurrection. Put him in jail." Make America Great Again. No. If we asked Biden, what does MAGA stand for? Let's see. I'm going to do this in a debate, and he can practice, but he won't remember it.

Donald Trump: I'm going to say, what does MAGA stand for Biden? What does it stand for? You know, I was much nicer to him. You know this. This only happened over the last -- I get -- I'm very nasty now because he's the most corrupt, most horrible president, he's incompetent. I never said that out of respect for the office.

Donald Trump: But once they indicted me the first time, I said, "Whoa, nobody would do that." You know, the gloves are off, the gloves are off. They indicted me. See, they indicted me. But I'd say to him during the debate, "What does MAGA stand for?" I don't know. He'd go, "I don't know." And then, the announcer would come and protect him like Chris Wallace did.

Donald Trump: Remember? Remember when I said, "Why did you take $3.5 million from the mayor of Moscow's wife and Chris Wallace who's -- how's he doing, by the way? Chris Wallace said, "This question should not be asked. This has nothing to do." No, I want to know why did he get -- now, It's the biggest subject. He got $3.5 million.

Donald Trump: I was right. That was a long time ago during the debate. And anyway, no, he's a stone-cold crook. Together we have fought for this country like no movement has ever fought before. There has never been a movement like this. Probably, I could say a world movement. But, you know, I tell the story like a guy like Pat Buchanan.

Donald Trump: He's great. I think he did really well in New Hampshire. I think he came in second, but he did really well. And for 40 years plus he's become -- you know, he's a big political pundit now. He's sort of retiring or retired, but he's a great guy. But he came in second in one state. We've come in first in virtually every state.

Donald Trump: Think of that. There's never been a movement like this. And when we win in '24, I believe it will go down as the greatest political victory in history. I believe that. I do. I believe that. I think that. Actually, much bigger than if they gave us the election the way they should have given it. You ever read that Time magazine article?

Donald Trump: They basically told you how they cheated, you know, but they used COVID to cheat and they didn't go through the legislatures, all the things they had to do, and they stuffed ballots too, by the way, you know, the old-fashioned way. But the good thing is that we've seen how bad they are. And Jeff, that's why we're going to win.

Donald Trump: So Big Edition -- I think people like me actually, you know, they say, "We love his policies, but we don't like him." That's always the enemy. Jeff, you like me, right? No, they're crazy people, but they say that they love us. But you can always tell somebody doesn't like Trump. Well, they love his policies, but they don't like him.

Donald Trump: Personally, I think they like me personally. You know, by the way, poll just came out. We're leading with women, with suburban women, with men, with Black, with white, with Asian, with Hispanic, with people that went to MIT, like my uncle who has three degrees. We like leading with people like that. He passed away a long time ago, but he was a smart one.

Donald Trump: And we're leading with young kids that don't even have a high school education. We're leading with everybody. We're leading with everybody. We're leading with minority groups. We're leading with that have never -- nobody's ever even come close. And in particular the Hispanics. It's unbelievable the numbers.

Donald Trump: I mean, if those numbers are correct, you cannot win an election if you're a Democrat. But they're very bad people. A lot of them. These leaders are very bad people. The Republicans tend to be much nicer. And I'm telling them, please don't be nice, please don't be nice because we have to win this election.

Donald Trump: Because if we don't win this election, we're not going to have a country anymore, period. We're not going to have a country. We created the most secure border in US history and built nearly 500 miles of border wall. You know, they'd like to say 52 miles. No, we had some renovation. They call it a renovation.

Donald Trump: If a two by four is laying on the ground, rotted, rusted, all horrible, two by four. If they're steel, that's rusted, two by fours would rot it out. It's been there for years. Has it been touched? You could step over it. And then I build a 40-foot wall, a 50-foot wall or a 30-foot wall on top. They say that was a renovation, that doesn't count.

Donald Trump: These people, I'll tell you what they have, I'll tell you they have a great line of bull***. That's one thing I can tell you. That was a renovation. Like sloppy Chris Christie, "Oh, he only built 56 miles of wall because there was some wood laying on the ground." So, they call that a renovation. We built almost 500 miles of wall.

Donald Trump: Even the Obama administration says it in their stats. But we had -- we totally fulfilled that. And this was against Paul RINO. Do you know who Paul RINO is? Paul RINO and probably one of the worst Republicans in history, Mitch McConnell, OK. He did it again. He came out and he saved the -- did you see that?

Donald Trump: They came out. They saved the Democrats. Yet again, they keep saving the Democrats but eventually that ends. But these guys, they didn't want to build the wall. They told me they do. "Oh, we do, we do. Could you wait one year?" Well, I don't want to wait, but I'll wait a year. I promise you, sir, we'll give you all the fund.

Donald Trump: They didn't give me the funding. And so, I took it out of the military, I said, "this is an invasion of our country." And I took it out of the military, and the military was great with it, actually. They were great with it. But we were going to add 200 miles to it because after it was built. And by the way, who helped us with the wall?

Donald Trump: Mexico. Mexico helped us. I said to Mexico, "You got to give us 28,000 soldiers. During the building of the wall." They said, "No." I said, "Yes. You got to give it to us." No, no, no, we're not going to do it. Bottom line, you've heard the story. I said, "We're going to put a 25% tariff on everything you sell into the United States instead of -- including your millions of cars.

Donald Trump: They said, "Sir, we'd be delighted to help you with soldiers. It's such a wonderful idea, sir. Thank you very much. Thank you very much, sir, for asking us to give you 28,000 soldiers to help you with your problems." But we paid nothing for those soldiers. So, when you hear these lunatics back there, say, "Trump didn't get anything from Mexico." Well, you know, there was no legal mechanism because I said they're going to help fund this wall, but there was no legal mechanism.

Donald Trump: You know, how do you go to a country and say, "By the way, I'm building a wall, hand us a lot of money." But what they can do is they gave us soldiers, the soldiers, the value of those soldiers was far greater than any amount of money they would have given us to build the wall. So, you know, they helped us a lot.

Donald Trump: And we created the safest border in history. Got rid of catch and release. We got rid of -- we did a great job. We had a policy called, Remain in Mexico. How do you think that was? When I told the president, "President, we're going to have a new policy." What's that? Remain in Mexico. All these millions of people, we're going to want them to remain in Tijuana.

Donald Trump: Do you ever see Tijuana? Not a good picture. And they said, "No, no, no, we won't do that." And I said the same thing, I said, "We're going to tax you and tariff you at a level that you've never been taxed before." And they said, "We would love to have them in Tijuana and anywhere else." You know, we have tremendous power.

Donald Trump: If you had people that knew what the hell they were doing, we have tremendous power. Same thing with China. We have tremendous power. And remember this. It's not part of what I'm talking about with respect to our farmers, our manufacturers, but I am the only president that will keep you out of World War III, because President Xi and Putin and all the rest have respected your president.

Donald Trump: They didn't see a guy that couldn't find the exit from a stage like there and there. You know, a stage has two stairs, generally speaking. But even if it had one, it wouldn't be that complex. And this guy can't even find the exit. He walks to the back wall. Where am I? And he's the one negotiating to keep us out of a nuclear war.

Donald Trump: A war the likes of which nobody's ever seen anything like it. This is not two Army tanks run by electric. EV Army tanks run by electric that shoot at each other. No, actually, the bad part is ours would be electric. The enemies wouldn't be electric, so they'd have a big advantage over us, right? It probably wouldn't have ours around very long, but this would be nuclear weapons, the likes of which nobody's ever seen.

Donald Trump: I've seen and I fully understand. And this would be an obliteration of perhaps the world. And we have a man who has in prime time wasn't a smart person, but this is in prime time for him any longer. He has no clue. What he's talking about, and we are closer to World War III right now than we've ever been.

Donald Trump: This whole thing that's going on on a daily basis, we are closer to World War III and World War III is potential obliteration of the world. So just remember that I will keep you out of that war, and I'll do it through strength, not through weakness. Not like they did with Afghanistan. Weak. Weak. Weak. We appointed over 300 federal judges and three great Supreme Court justices.

Donald Trump: I fully rebuilt the US military, created Space Force, defeated ISIS, and I was the first president, can you believe this? Who didn't start a war? Now I finished up, we beat ISIS. We took them down. Took them down in three weeks. They said it couldn't be done in three years. Our military is incredible. The right people.

Donald Trump: Got to know the right people. But I brought our troops back home. Remember Syria and Turkey, remember they were having the problem. And I brought our troops back home. We had 5,000 troops sitting in between two armies, Syria and Turkey, two hundreds of thousands of people. We had 5,000 troops trying to maintain the border.

Donald Trump: I said to some of our good generals, our real generals, not guys like Milley. I said to some of our good generals, what do you think of that? They said, "Sir, they get annihilated. They can't do it." I said, "That's OK." So they've had that border in different names, but they've had that border for thousands of years.

Donald Trump: They've had that border. So, what the hell are we doing there? I took our 5,000 troops out. Everyone said, "Oh, this is a terrible mistake." Nothing happened. We got him out. That was years ago. Nothing happened. Nobody wants to report about that. The fake news won't report. We did a lot of things. Do you ever see those hats?

Donald Trump: Trump Was Right About Everything. Pretty much. I got to say, pretty much. I stood proudly with our friend and ally, the State of Israel, and kept my promise, recognized Israel's eternal capital, opened the embassy in Jerusalem. I got it opened physically, too. It was supposed to cost $2 billion. I got it done for 500,000. I said, "Do we have any renovated?

Donald Trump: We can renovate a building." They said, "We have one really good in a good look." We're going to buy a terrible piece of land in Jerusalem. And I said, "Do we have anything good?" Yeah, we have the best piece of land and it has a building that's not being used on it. We took some funds and we renovated it for 500,000. We saved $2 billion, and the 2 billion probably would have never happened anyway, because they would have never got it built.

Donald Trump: So not only recognized, I also got the embassy built and I also got to recognize and did this for Israel, recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights. That was a big thing. Fifty-two years people fought for that. I got it done in about 15 minutes. I withdrew the United States from the disastrous Iran nuclear deal.

Donald Trump: Unfortunately, this administration never picked it up. That deal would have been done within a week after the election, but this administration never did anything, and Iran is very close to a nuclear weapon. You better be careful. But all of that was just the beginning. Here is just to some of the agenda that we will immediately implement when we become, we, we, all of us together, we become the 47th president of the United States.

Donald Trump: I will totally obliterate and finish the job we started out. We got interrupted by the gift from China COVID. We will totally obliterate the deep state. We will overhaul and rebuild the corrupt FBI and corrupt DOJ from the ground up. Before I even arrive at the Oval Office shortly after I win the presidency, I will have the horrible war between Russia and Ukraine settled.

Donald Trump: It will be settled very quickly. We're not choosing sides. What we want is we want people to stop dying. Hundreds of thousands of people are dying in that war. That will be the worst and most horrific surprise when you see the real numbers when they're announced. When they knock out those entire cities of massive buildings pouring down and then they say two people were slightly injured, no, no, thousands of people were killed.

Donald Trump: The real numbers are far worse than anyone knows. I want people to stop dying. It's ridiculous. And they will do it. Putin will do it and Zelenskyy will do it. Crooked Joe Biden has three major problems and all of them begin with I, inflation, immigration, and incompetence. To stop Biden's inflation catastrophe, bring down the cost of energy and become energy independent and even energy dominant very quickly, we're going to be energy dominant and your energy prices will go down.

Donald Trump: And those big, beautiful tractors that you bought, that now you don't need as much as you thought, but you'll need them. So don't do anything with them. But your cost of energy is going to be way, way down in Iowa and all over the country. But three years ago, we did. And now our theme is, "Drill, baby, drill." We're going to get it done very quickly.

Donald Trump: It's going to happen very fast. I heard DeSanctus said, "Well, I could be for eight years. I could be for eight years." Anybody that says they need eight years, you don't want to vote for him. No. 1. I could get this stuff done in months, months. You're going to see things happen. Anybody that says, "Oh, eight years." You don't need eight months.

Donald Trump: We will quickly rebuild the greatest economy in the history of the world as we had it. On day one, I will sign a new executive order to cut federal funding for any school, pushing critical race theory, transgender insanity, and other inappropriate racial, sexual, or political content on our children. We will once again teach our children to love America, and we will have great schools that lead to great jobs, and we want our children to have incredible lives.

Donald Trump: And just so you know, I am going to terminate the Department of Education, move education back to the States very early, very early so that Iowa can run their own education. Many states will do a phenomenal job. And you know the expression, what do you have to lose? Look, we're No. 40, No. 38 out of 40 countries.

Donald Trump: We spend double and triple what other countries spend. You have Norway, you have Denmark, you have Switzerland, you have China, big top five, but you have all these countries. We spend two and three times more per pupil, and we're at No. 38, 39 and 40 all the time. So what the hell do we have to lose? We're going to move it back where your people who love your children can help your children and other people's children get a proper education, and you'll control it. You'll control the principals by the way.

Donald Trump: We're going to bring back your parental rights. That's another thing. Can you imagine? We're going to bring back your parental rights. And I will not give one penny to any school that has a vaccine mandate or a mask mandate. And we will gain total independence from China and I will hold the Chinese Communist Party accountable for unleashing the China virus upon the world.

Donald Trump: Just as I did for four years, I will fully support and uphold. Nobody did it like I did. You never had an ounce of change, your Second Amendment, OK, which is totally under siege and I will secure our elections. We are going to have free and fair elections here. You don't have such a problem. Our goal will be one day voting with paper ballots and voter ID. It's very simple.

Donald Trump: But until then, we have to win. We have to win. We'll get that done very easily, but we have to win. And in conclusion, this is what we must do to restore our country to greatness. The USA is a mess. Our economy is crashing, inflation is out of control. China, Russia, Iran, North Korea, and others have formed together as a menacing and destructive coalition.

Donald Trump: Our currency is crashing and will soon no longer be the world's standard, which will be our greatest defeat. If that happens, we're not the world standard, our dollar. That will be the greatest defeat we've had in 200 years. We'll go back to a secondary meaning as a nation. It won't happen with me. Not even a little chance.

Donald Trump: Just like Russia would never have invaded Ukraine, would never, ever have done, and they didn't do it. They didn't -- [Audience member calls out "they knew better"]

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. I'm going to add that. They knew better. I said, "Vladimir, don't do it, don't do it." I told them a couple of things what I was going to do. He said, "You'll never do that." I said, "I will, I promise. I will." But he didn't believe me, but he believed me 10%. And he said, "I'm not going to mess around." He believed me 10%. Same thing with China.

Donald Trump: President Xi, a lot of respect for President Xi, I said, "Don't invade Taiwan." This would have never happened. We don't know what they're going to do. I know one thing, if we look like we're even close to getting elected, he's either going to do it immediately or he's not going to do it at all. And I would have left Afghanistan with dignity and strength and courage instead of our greatest embarrassment in history.

Donald Trump: That was the greatest embarrassment in the history of our country. And we would have kept the giant airbase. It's called Bagram, which is not because of Afghanistan, but because of China. It's one hour away from where China makes its nuclear weapons and we fled. It was a retreat. Nobody's ever seen anything like it. And we left that giant.

Donald Trump: The biggest runways, the most powerful runways in the world. They can handle more tonnage than any runways anywhere in the world and we left. And you know who's occupying Bagram right now? China is occupying them right now. Spent billions and billions of dollars building it many years ago. One hour away. If you took the five worst presidents in the history of the United States and added them up, they would not have done near the destruction to our country as crooked Joe Biden and the Biden administration have done, and very sadly for us. And by the way, I wish we were a thriving nation, a happy nation, a great nation.

Donald Trump: And I probably wouldn't have even done this. But if I did, I guess I wouldn't win and that would be OK. But we're not. We're a failing nation. We're a nation in decline like never before. We've never been like this. We're not respected. Anywhere in the world, they laugh at us. They see this clown go over and doesn't even know what the hell he's doing.

Donald Trump: Where am I? What country is this? He goes, "Thank you very much." And he'll name a country and it's the wrong country that he's in. That's happened. He used to do it with states when he was campaigning. "It's great to be in Idaho." "Sir, sir, this is Iowa." "Oh." But that you can sort of understand a little bit.

Donald Trump: You know, the potatoes get mixed up with the corn. But here's one. "It's great to be in the state of Florida. I love Florida palm trees." And he's in Iowa. That was not good. That was not good. No. This is a disaster for our country. And you know, we smile, we have fun, but this is a very dangerous time for our country because we're being led by a person that's grossly incompetent and also extremely dishonest.

Donald Trump: And now these radical-left lunatics want to win. They want to interfere. They want to break up and interfere with our elections by using law enforcement. They want to go after their opponent. Think of it. If I got elected, I'd say, "Wow, somebody is really doing well over there. Indict him, indict him." Indict the senator right over there.

Donald Trump: That beautiful female. She says, "No, please." Indict her. And you know what? When that happens, she'll get up within 20 minutes and announce, right, Jeff? I'm out of office. I'm the only one that's ever been indicted where my numbers have gone through the roof because people know me well. Even Jeff should True, I'm the only one that's never happened before.

Donald Trump: We're looking at maybe an 1801. There might have been some No, it's terrible. I mean, these are corrupt people, corrupt people, and we can't let this happen. If you want to save America from this horror of crooked Joe Biden and the radical-left, and again, I don't actually believe it's him because I don't believe he's smart enough to be doing this stuff.

Donald Trump: I believe it's the people that are surrounding him, their radical-left Marxists and fascists and communists and their bad people, and that includes people in the Justice Department and the FBI. So, if you want to avoid this, you've got to go out, get every patriot that you know, make sure they are registered Republicans and get them out to vote in their local precinct caucuses at 7 p.m. on Monday, January 15th. Now, that's a very big thing because we got to really put on a big, beautiful show of strength, and then we have to win the election after that.

Donald Trump: But we have to win those caucuses. Jeff, and I want to thank you and your family and everything because he works hard and of course, he's neutral. He should remain neutral. I hope he's not too neutral, by the way, but he's the head of the Republican Party. I think he's neutral, but I don't know if he is. I think -- I don't think that people want you to be neutral because they know what the competition is. They don't want it. We don't want to play games anymore.

Donald Trump: We don't want to play games. You know, when a debate goes on and it's so bad for our party, you know, a debate, these people, I got one guy, Asa Hutchinson, Ada, I call him Ada. [Audience member calls out "boring"]

Donald Trump: Don't ask me why. He goes boring. He is boring. But he's a nasty guy. We will stop -- the guy has zero. Why would he be on a debate? Why would he be on a stage? Sloppy Chris Christie, he's a 2% all. He's like a deranged person. He suffers from Trump derangement syndrome. "We don't like Donald Trump.

Donald Trump: I'm going to stop Donald Trump." The guy starts crying. What a loser. These people are so bad. They're so bad. They're so bad. I mean, Nikki Haley says, "I will never run against our president when she's leaving. He's a great president. I will never run against our president." Then she announces she's running like nothing happened.

Donald Trump: I call her, bird brain, like nothing happened. That's her new nickname. It'll catch on when you get to know her. No, but think of it. Think of it. She announced. I will never hear. It's on tape. We put it up on truth. Does everybody -- Go Truth Social, please. That's my only voice. I got like 90 million people on Twitter.

Donald Trump: I should have 200 million, by the way. They cut it way back. But that's all right. We call it X. What was that all about X? What's going on? And they're waiting for me to come. But I got truth. Truth has been incredible. You know we have we have like a 60-point lead everywhere. I did that with Truth. I didn't do that with anything else but the voices on Truth.

Donald Trump: What a job they're doing. Devin Nunes and the group. What a job they're doing. Great people. Great patriots. Truth. Truth Social. But we're asking you to commit to caucus for us and to bring anywhere from three to a hundred people with you. Bring all your friends to caucus for our campaign. And to do that, text Iowa to 88022 or sign up at ia.donaldjtrump.com to get involved, OK. I hope you can do it. Because we're way ahead but you want to show that that strength.

Donald Trump: You have to go and show the strength. 2024 is our final battle. With you at my side, we will demolish the deep state. We will expel the warmongers from our government. These are people that like to go and kill everyone and they shouldn't be there. Hillary said during the debate, "He will get us into war with his personality." And it turned out, everybody admits it now, no, I got us out of wars with my personality because nobody wants to mess with us and that's OK. I rebuilt our entire military.

Donald Trump: I got us out of wars. They're the ones that get us into wars. We will drive out the globalists. We will cast out the communist, Marxist, fascists, and we will throw off the very sick political class that hates our country. We will rout the fake news media. We will evict Joe Biden from the White House, and we will finish the job that we did so good at that we were ready to finish, and then we got hit with COVID and then we got hit with a rigged election.

Donald Trump: We're not going to allow it to be rigged again. We won't have a country if it happens. The great silent majority is rising like never before. And under our leadership, the forgotten man and woman will be forgotten no longer. With your help, your love, and your vote, we will put America first. We will make America great again, greater than ever before.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. God bless you, Iowa. God bless you. God bless you, Iowa. Thank you. Thank you very much. Great crowd. Thank you.