Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-club-47-fans-west-palm-beach-florida-october-11-2023

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much. Wow. And I want to say a very big hello to Club 47, incredible people. It's great to be back with thousands of loyal friends, incredible supporters, and true American patriots. The love in this room is absolute proof that this is not just a campaign, this is a movement. It's the greatest political movement in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: The greatest. And when we win next November, it will be an epic political earthquake, the likes of which the world has never seen before. I want to thank Club 47 President Larry Snowden. What a great job. As well as treasurer -- where is Sue? Did she leave? She's right over here. Sue. Sue. Thank you, Sue.

Donald Trump: Sue Snowden. Vice President Linda Stoch. Oh, wait a minute. We have a big celebrity here tonight. And I'll tell you something. He's great. And he loves this state, Congressman Matt Gaetz. Where the hell is Matt Gaetz? Where is he? Hello, Matt. That's pretty good, Matt. And much more importantly, Ginger. His wife, Ginger, his great wife.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thanks, Ginger. A great gentleman, also a friend of mine, Palm Beach County Commissioner Michael Barnett. Michael, wherever you may be. Michael. Florida State Representative Rick Roth. Thank you. Thank you, Rick. Along with so many amazing influencers and patriots, including Bruce Lavelle.

Donald Trump: Where's Bruce? Oh, Bruce, I love -- he just said, "We're going to get 44% of the African American vote." That would be nice, Bruce. I think we maybe can do it. A great friend of ours, a great friend of everybody in the room, Siggy Flicker. Where is Siggy? You are unbelievable. And your husband, by the way, is a great gentleman.

Donald Trump: Thank you. What he has to put up with. Oh, I don't know how you do it. Sara Carter. Sara. Thank you. Thank you, Sarah. Thank you very much. A friend of mine for a long time. He's been with us, I think, from the very first day in 2015, actually, before the win, Terrence Williams. Terrence. Terrence, Where is Terrence?

Donald Trump: Thank you, Terrence. Great. Nice hat, Terrence. That's the new hat. That's it. Roseanne Barr, who had the No. 1 show on television. Where's Roseanne? Where is Roseanne? I love Roseanne Barr. I love -- look, you're skinny. You're so skinny. You look so beautiful. She had the No. 1 show on television. And I'll tell you, they just couldn't stand it, could they?

Donald Trump: Yeah, they couldn't stand it. But everybody knows that that show was a monster, 28 million people. She doubled and tripled, and they took heat. If they had 3 million, they'd be happy, if it was the right person. But you are the right person. You're fantastic. That was a great, great show, and we appreciate it. Thank you, Roseanne.

Donald Trump: Special. Another great friend, Gina Loudon. Dr. Gina Loudon. Thank you. Thank you. Right from the beginning. Right, Gina? I think Gina, right from the beginning. Somebody who's extremely shy but really talented, and she's going places. Laura Loomer. Where's Laura? Laura. Where is Laura? She doesn't like DeSanctimonious.

Donald Trump: She doesn't like DeSanctis. Two very, very special people to me, and they should be, Eric and Lara Trump. And Laura just did a country single, and it's one of the top songs in the country. That's pretty good, I tell you. She's fantastic. Thank you, Laura. Thank you, Eric. Thank you very much. From New Hampshire, somebody -- there's nobody better with the vets than this man.

Donald Trump: He's been again, I would say for -- right from the beginning before I even announced. He's just a fantastic guy, Al Baldasaro. Al, where are you? Al? Great guy. He's so good with the vets. They love him. The Born to Ride 45 motorcycle club. And these guys are tough, and they're smart, and they don't like what's happening to our country at all.

Donald Trump: Please stand up, all of you. Well, you got the most beautiful bikes I've ever -- I wanted to grab one of those bikes, and I wanted to ride it. I was going to ride that Ziggy. Thank you very much. I want to thank all of the motorcycle groups. We have like 100% -- I think we have 100% with the cyclers. They like Trump.

Donald Trump: I don't know why I haven't been too strong on the motorcycles. I looked at one of them the other day. I said, "No, you keep riding it," but we're with them all the way. They came to the White House, we had 600,000 come to the White House, and they are really a force, and they're great people and they love our country.

Donald Trump: Chaya Raichik, also known as Libs of TikTok. Do we know that? Chaya, thank you very much. Thank you, darling. Thank you very much. We had a lot of fun at Mar-a-Lago. And another one who's incredible. These are influencers and they really are. They've got a lot of power. Rogan O'Handley, DC Draino. Do you know DC? I love DC Draino.

Donald Trump: Rogan, thank you very much. Where's Rogan? Thank you, Rogan. And so many other people. Nancy, thank you for being here. Thank you very much for being here. You've been a supporter right from the beginning. I appreciate it. And, Lindsey, thank you very much. Great lawyer, great attorney. Done a good job for us. Thank you, Lindsey.

Donald Trump: Appreciate it. And thank you, everybody. We have so many people out there. We got to start talking about what the hell we can do about our country, right? Because we got a lot of problems. We had no problems. And now we have a lot of problems to think how low we've gone. I also will thank and before we -- because we can never forget these people, the outstanding volunteer supporters, including Belinda Kaiser, Diane Evans, and Jeff Nicky Hughes, who are former New York Democrats-turned-Trump supporters.

Donald Trump: We have a lot of them. They were strong Democrats, and now they're all Trump supporters. And we have a man who's 103 years old. He's the oldest veteran of World War 2. I looked at him just a little while ago. I shook his hand, took a picture. He's better looking than I am, and I think he's just amazing, Bruna Gallerani.

Donald Trump: Bruno, where are you? Bruno Gallerani. Thank you very much, Bruno. He's 103. Where is he? Incredible. I'm telling you, he looks much, much better than me. You could have been president, Bruno. With the help of everyone here tonight, 96 days from now, we're going to win the Iowa caucus, where we're, by the way, we're up about 48 points or something like that.

Donald Trump: Then we're going to win the New Hampshire primary, where we're up 51 points on DeSanctimonious and the whole group. These people -- the debates were -- uh-oh, there goes Fox. They're going to turn off -- the debates were the lowest-rated debate ever in the history because everyone knows what the result is going to be. I don't want to say it too strongly because you never really know, do you?

Donald Trump: But they had the lowest-rated debate in history. We're very proud of that. In the meantime, we were working with the auto workers, we were doing rallies all over the place, and the level of support that we have. I don't think it's ever -- we've never seen anything like it. Bigger than 2016, bigger than 2020. I think we can say that, right?

Donald Trump: I think we can say it, bigger than 2016. I've never seen anything like it because they see how grossly incompetent these people are that are running our country. They're running it into the ground. We're not going to have a country pretty soon the way they're going, but we're going to win the South and we're going to win South Carolina.

Donald Trump: We start that. That'll be next. And we're way up where we have a former governor, a birdbrain. We have -- remember, "I will not ever run against our -- he was the greatest president of our lifetime. I will not run." That was Nikki. "I will not run against him." Three months later, "I've decided to run." Birdbrain.

Donald Trump: And Tim, who's a good guy, Tim Scott is running. And yet, despite that, we're up 54 points. Can you imagine that? Fifty-four in South Carolina with a great governor. We have a great governor there. Henry McMaster. He was supportive of me right from the beginning, and in fact, I thought Nikki would be. And I got the best.

Donald Trump: I got a man who's been a fantastic governor of South Carolina, Henry. We're going to win a lot of other things and a lot of other states. And then we come down to Florida, where we're leading numbers nobody can believe. We're leading by 58 points, 58 points. No, not the future of the party. Remember, he's always the future of the party.

Donald Trump: I don't think so. MAGA is never going to forget. When you get somebody elected, you don't run. You don't -- you just say, "No, I'll wait for another four years. I'll wait." And it's a thing called loyalty. And all of my people backstage, they said, "Sir, nobody cares about loyalty and loyalty in politics." I said, "I think they do." And he came to me, Ron, he came to me, "Sir," he was at 3%. Think of it, 3%. And the secretary of agriculture, Adam Putnam, nice guy, but I didn't know him.

Donald Trump: He was at 44%. Other than that, it was a very close race. Adam Putnam had $32 million, Ron had 32 cents. He had nothing. I said, "Ron, if I was George Washington or Abraham Lincoln and I came back from the dead, and I combined, I couldn't get you elected. You're finished, man. It's not working, 3%." He said, "Sir, you're very popular in Florida.

Donald Trump: If you endorse me, I think I could win." And I didn't know Adam Putnam, so I said, "What the hell? Let's just do it." I took a little flyer, then I endorsed him. He went up 71 points in one day, and then he won the primary. And then I held rallies because the hottest politician in the country happened to be -- as you know, he turned out to be a crackhead, but these are minor details.

Donald Trump: He was the hottest in the whole country. It was Stacey Abrams, female, and this young gentleman. And Ron said, "I won't be able to beat him." I said, "You will because we'll do rallies. We'll do a couple of rallies for you". We did. We had unbelievable crowd turnout. I said, "You're going to win." He said, "I don't think so." And he won.

Donald Trump: He won. Then four years later, they said, "Will you run against the president"? He said, "I have no comment." I said, "No comment?" You know what that means, Sue and Larry? That means yes. So, we hit him very hard. People said, "Please don't hit him, sir. He's a Republican." I said, "I don't care if he's a Republican.

Donald Trump: We're going to hit him." And he didn't have a lot of political skill, to put it mildly. And now he's falling, like I said the other day, falling like a very badly injured bird from the sky. And in one state, he's actually in fifth place. He's in fifth place. This has not been a good situation. I think he blew it in four years.

Donald Trump: You never know what's going to happen. But in '28, I don't see it happening. I don't see it. But I can never forget because that's great disloyalty. I have others that were disloyal. Most are great. But we have some other people. One happens to be a governor of another state, not too far away. And you get these guys elected, then they say, "I'll run against him." And we don't like that.

Donald Trump: I don't think the room here likes that, do they? I don't think so. But he started off hot. He was losing by a lot. And we got more votes by 1.2 million votes than he did. I don't know. Nobody ever talks about that. We got in fact -- Gina, you mentioned it to me. We got 1.2 million more votes in Ron DeSanctimonious in the state of Florida, and nobody ever says that.

Donald Trump: The press, the fake news, that's a lot of fake news back there, but they never say that. The only way they'll do it is if I say it. You might as well say it yourself because they're never going to say it. Next November, we're going to win the White House. It's going to be one of the greatest triumphs in the history of politics.

Donald Trump: Making America great again will begin with making America strong again and making America safe again. Under my leadership, the world was peaceful and calm because America was respected. The president was respected. I dealt with the strongest people in the world. They were smart. They were street-wise. They respected me. I respected them.

Donald Trump: They had different viewpoints. That's certainly true. But they were afraid of America. Today, they laugh at our country. They laugh. With Crooked Joe Biden, you have chaos, bloodshed, war, terror, and death. Look what's happening today because the occupant of the White House is a laughingstock. All over the world, America's enemies cannot believe how lucky they got.

Donald Trump: They got real lucky. Every monster, villain, dictator, and terrorist, and there are plenty of them. I know most of them. I got to know a lot of them. All over the planet, they're having a field day because they know they will never have it better than they do with Crooked Joe, who in many cases received money from those countries.

Donald Trump: I wonder what that's all about. Do you remember during the debate with Chris Wallace? How's he doing? He's not doing too well. I said, "I want to ask him a question." "What is it?" "How come he received $3.5 million from the mayor of Moscow's wife?" He got $3.5 million. And he's going, "Oh, oh, uh, uh." But Chris Wallace saved him, "You shouldn't ask that question.

Donald Trump: That has nothing to do with anything." Well, about two months ago, it became the biggest subject. They're trying to figure it out now. And I will tell you that Jamie Comer and Jim Jordan and the group, they're doing a very good job. They found out things that nobody can believe. And Matt Gaetz, too, by the way.

Donald Trump: Where's Matt? Matt is in there. He's strong and tough, smart. Three years ago, you went from the -- I shouldn't be saying this, but what the hell. You went from the strongest president this country has had to the weakest president you've ever had. But soon you will go from the weakest president you've ever had back to the strongest president you've ever had.

Donald Trump: We have so many problems. We have so many problems in our country. You remember during the debate, I don't call her Crooked Hillary anymore. I use that now. I never like to use the same first. So, I took it off Crooked Hillary. That was one of the best days of her life. I understand they celebrated. We now call her Beautiful Hillary.

Donald Trump: She's a beautiful woman. And we use the crooked word for Joe Biden, Crooked Joe. We took sleepy off because -- I think he's sleepy. He's definitely sleepy, but he's more crooked than he is sleepy. But Hillary Clinton said that -- she accused me during the debate, "With his personality, he's going to start a war." And yet it turned out to be just the opposite, with my personality, there were no wars.

Donald Trump: You wouldn't have had Ukraine. You wouldn't have had any of them. In fact, it's the first time in 70 years, and on top of everything else, we beat 100% of the ISIS caliphate. We beat them down. Just remember how much safer the world was under the Trump administration. After so many years of beheadings, bedlam, slaughter in the Middle East, we completely obliterated the ISIS territorial caliphate, and we did it in a matter of weeks.

Donald Trump: We did it very quickly. We have a great military. They're trying to turn it woke. It's not going to happen. But we have a great -- I'm not talking about the television generals that don't know what they're doing. I'm talking about the real generals in our military. We wipe them out. We wipe them out in a short period of time.

Donald Trump: Everyone said it was going to take three years. I said, "Really? I don't think so." I flew to Iraq and I met the generals that were in charge, that I put in charge, and they said, "Sir, I think we can do it in about four weeks. I said, "Really? Everyone else is saying three years, and maybe we can't do it." "Sir, we'll have time left over.

Donald Trump: Four weeks, sir." And they did it. They knocked the hell out of them. We killed the founder of the ISIS movement, al-Baghdadi, remember al-Baghdadi? The biggest of them all. And then we terminated the world's top terrorist, the Iranian butcher, Soleimani. You remember that? The Iranian butcher. He is the one that -- they call him the father of the roadside bomb.

Donald Trump: When you see a soldier walking around, a person walking around with no legs, no arms, or a face that's been absolutely obliterated, it was Soleimani that did it. He was responsible for about 94% of the bombs that were made in Iran. I withdrew from the disastrous Iran nuclear deal and imposed the toughest-ever sanctions on the murderous Iranian regime.

Donald Trump: They'd never had it so bad. We decimated their finance and choked off the money to pay the terrorist thugs. And look what happened now. I was also proud to be the best friend Israel has ever had in the White House by far. And if the election wasn't rigged, there would be nobody even thinking about going into Israel.

Donald Trump: The election was rigged, very sadly rigged, but we'll swamp them the next time, and it'll be bigger than anybody has ever seen. Just as I promised, I recognized the eternal capital of Israel opened the American Embassy in Jerusalem, and got the building built for slightly less than they thought. It was going to cost two billion.

Donald Trump: We got it done for 500,000. I would say that's good. I said, "Do we have any used buildings around?" "Yes. We had a better location." They're going to pay a fortune for a crummy location in Jerusalem, not a good location. Then I said, "What do we have?" "We have a building in a great location, sir. We don't have to pay $300 million for the land.

Donald Trump: We have it. And there's a building on it, an old building but structurally sound." I said, "Let me see." And we worked it out. They came back, "Sir, I think we can do it for $400,000." I said, "Man, does that sound cheap?" It actually sounds -- first time, I've ever done this. I said, "Let's do it for 500,000." Remember, they're going to spend $2 billion on building a building.

Donald Trump: So, crazy. I got it built in four months, and we have an embassy that frankly, if they spent two billion, it wouldn't be nicer. All Jerusalem stone. A friend of mine, he's in an office building in New York. All he talks about is Jerusalem stone, "I have Jerusalem stone all over my office." And so, when I heard we're building in Jerusalem, I asked our people, "So, can you get Jerusalem stone and is it expensive?" And they said, "It's not expensive.

Donald Trump: It's Jerusalem. It's Jerusalem stone." We did the whole damn building in Jerusalem stone, and it's beautiful. It's a beautiful building. So, we got it built, but I also recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights. We're working on that for 58 years, 58. And with the historic Abraham Accords, we even had peace in the Middle East.

Donald Trump: We were -- peace. We had peace. And I fought for Israel like no president in history, but then Crooked Joe Biden came along and tossed Israel to the bloodthirsty jihadists. That's what happened. He gave them -- no, he wouldn't even call up the prime minister. They called him. It's a very sad thing when you look at what happened.

Donald Trump: What a difference a president makes. Isn't it incredible? Just a president. What a difference. The savage attacks on Israel happened for three reasons. Biden loosened my tough sanctions on Iran and allowed them to sell massive amounts of oil, making them $80 billion a year. Congratulations. They were making nothing with us. They were going to make a deal.

Donald Trump: We would have had a deal within one week after the election. They were desperate. They wanted to make a deal. The U.S. then gave Iran just a few weeks ago $6 billion as ransom money. You know that, right? Five people. Good deal. This is the way we deal. They get five hostages. We get five hostages. I said, "All right.

Donald Trump: There you go." Plus, they get $6 billion. That's not a good deal, is it? And it's used for exactly what you're watching right now on television and reading in the papers. Under my leadership, Iran was weak and broke, and desperate for love. They wanted love, they were weak, and they were broke. And now, they're rich as hell.

Donald Trump: They got hundreds of billions of dollars, and you have a whole new country. And they're probably 90 days away from having a nuclear weapon, and we have a man who's grossly incompetent, who can't put two sentences together, and he's the one that's leading our nation in talks. In fact, until just a little while ago, he was getting absolutely decimated.

Donald Trump: He never even mentioned the word Iran in any of his talks. Didn't want to talk about it. But nobody under me was allowed to buy oil. I told China they were the biggest purchaser of oil in Iran. I said, "If you buy oil, any oil from Iran, we're never doing business. You have all the stuff that you take out of this country and rip us off.

Donald Trump: We're not going to do any more business with China." They stopped immediately. No more oil. I said it to India. I said it to many different countries. And they went way down, way, way down, and they had no money, and they wanted to talk, and they wouldn't have done anything. Just like Russia wouldn't have done anything for two reasons.

Donald Trump: I said, "Putin, you're not going to do it. We're not going to do it." I got along with him very good. I actually got along with the tough guys, the best. The weak people, I didn't get along with. It's sort of a weird deal. But I got along with him very well, actually. But I said, "You can't do it, Vladimir.

Donald Trump: You can't do it." He was the apple of his eye, but he never did and he wouldn't have done it. I said, "Don't do it." But you know what happened when oil went to $100 a barrel -- and by the way, it's right there right now. Think of it. Biden wants to stop the war with Ukraine, and yet he's created a mess for oil that's so much that Russia will be the first country to ever make a fortune because once it gets above $60 to $70 a barrel, we're hitting $100 now and we're going to probably hit $115 a barrel.

Donald Trump: He still wouldn't have done it. Even if that happened, that would never have happened with us. We were at $40 a barrel. Think of it, we had $1.87 a gallon of gasoline. Today, you have $5, $6, and $7. But then we had that horrible election, that rigged horrible election where they used COVID to cheat, and Crooked Joe Biden allowed Iran to flourish.

Donald Trump: They flourished. They absolutely flourished so beautifully. Tens of millions of barrels a month were instantly being sold. With China being by far their biggest customer. They didn't have to worry about Trump anymore. They know what happened in the election. They probably helped the election along. Although I got along very well with President Xi until COVID, that was a step too far.

Donald Trump: They went from losing money to making $100 billion a year in an instant. That's bigger than the 6 billion, but the 6 billion was so obvious. How stupid are they? They became rich and powerful, and then there were the trade of the hostages. I said five for five, but we also agree to give them $6 billion, which sets a terrible precedent, at which they said, "Will only be used for medical and other reasons, our people." And then the leader of Iran said, "No. We'll use this money for any damn thing we want." And the Biden administration didn't want to respond to that.

Donald Trump: Now, a terrible president was set. When you start paying for hostages, I got back 58 hostages, including from North Korea, which is tough, we never had to pay a dime because if you have to pay for hostages, the president is set. And now we paid $6 billion for five hostages. Remember what they say -- the No. 1 phrase out there -- and again, I mean, you can look at it. The fake news looks at it, "Oh, they're trying to prove me wrong so much." Trump was right about everything.

Donald Trump: They even have a hat. It says, "Trump was right about everything," and I don't make the hat. And unfortunately, with the most corrupt and incompetent president in our history, we're closer to World War 3 than anyone can understand. There's never been a time where we've been closer. We're inches away, and we have a man that literally can't speak.

Donald Trump: He can't get off a stage. The other day, he tried to get off a stage. Now, look, I'm up here now. There are a lot of people. There's a lot of television going crazy. There's so much -- I'm up here. But when I'm finished, I'm going to look over there. I got to see an exit. I'm going to look over there. I can take that one, that one.

Donald Trump: What I can't do is walk through the back wall. Then he turned -- did you see the other day? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. What happens after about 20 minutes, the stuff that he's taking wears off, so it gets a little groggy. Gets a little bit groggy. They say, "Get him off the stage, that shit's wearing off, man.

Donald Trump: Get him off." No. No. No. And I'm sure that the cocaine that they found in the White House that nobody -- I'm sure, I feel certain it had nothing to do with Hunter and Joe, by the way. "Hey, Dad, have a little of this stuff. It's going to liven you up a little bit." Can you imagine they found a stash that you wouldn't believe and nobody laid claim to it? That was forgotten just like the laptop from hell was left at the office, right?

Donald Trump: He didn't want to pick it up. Wouldn't it have been great if he went to that shop and he said, "I'd like my laptop, please?" It'd be a different world, wouldn't it? They have every single crime listed. The father said, "Son, Hunter, I love you very much. What's on the laptop? Is there anything bad? What's going on?" "Dad, I hate to say this, every single crime that we've committed is on the laptop." I don't have that with this guy right here, with Eric.

Donald Trump: The $6 billion was a tremendous amount of money but nothing compared to the hundreds of billions of dollars that Biden allowed them to make in oil and other things, hundreds of billions. They became a rich nation in three years. That's why they're doing this. They have so much money. They don't know what to do with it. They had no money.

Donald Trump: They were broke. And then there was the inevitable attack four days later, which I predicted. And then two nights ago, I read all of Biden's security people. Can you imagine? National defense people. And they said, "Gee, I hope Hezbollah doesn't attack from the north because that's the most vulnerable spot." I said, "Wait a minute.

Donald Trump: Hezbollah is very smart. They're all very smart." The press doesn't like when they say Hezbollah. I said that President Xi of China, 1.4 billion people, he controls it with an iron fist. I said, "He's a very smart man." They killed me the next day. I said he was smart. Whatever I got to say. But Hezbollah, they're very smart.

Donald Trump: And they have a national defense minister or somebody saying, "I hope Hezbollah doesn't attack us from the north." So, the following morning, they attacked. They might not have been doing it, but if you listen to this jerk, you would attack from the north because he said that's our weak spot. Whoever heard of officials saying on television that they hope the enemy doesn't attack in a certain area.

Donald Trump: Now, unless it's a con job, but you know what a con job is? You're waiting there ready. You want them. If you want them, but they weren't, right? They weren't ready. Say what you want, Israel was not ready. This was a big surprise. This was a terrible thing that happened. They weren't ready. But if you wanted them to attack because you've got a million people there with guns and you're going to blast the hell, then you do exactly, but they didn't have that.

Donald Trump: They didn't have that. Biden's national security adviser, Jake Sullivan, even bragged just days before the attack that the Middle East seems to be quite quiet. That was good. They really -- honestly, what they've done, it's a shame. You look at the world with all of the problems in this world. We had a country.

Donald Trump: We had no inflation. We had no Russia and Ukraine. We had no Israel problems. We had the strongest economy in history. We got you the biggest tax cuts in the history of our country. Think of it. Biggest regulation cuts. We had the most people employed. We had something that nobody else had ever done. We had one of the most successful presidencies in history.

Donald Trump: We rebuilt our entire military. We didn't have Afghanistan. I was taking them out. We're going to be taking them out with dignity and with pride and tremendous success. Instead, it was the worst -- probably the most embarrassing day in the history of our country. The press doesn't talk about it. The media doesn't talk about it, but we talk about it. Most embarrassing day in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: Crooked Joe must take back and freeze the $6 billion right now. Take it back and freeze it, Joe. Freeze it, Joe. You dumb person. Dumb. Dumb, dumb, dumb person. Freeze that money, Joe. He doesn't know what the hell money I'm talking about. Freeze it, Joe. It's not too late because supposedly it's doing a transfer that takes a little while.

Donald Trump: He can freeze the damn money. What they did is unacceptable. In addition, Biden must immediately halt all funding to corrupt Palestinian entities that support these savage terrorists, which if you remember, I stopped it because we were paying them about $750 million a year to the Palestinians, and they were really nasty.

Donald Trump: They were saying that death to America, death to America. And I heard about this. I said, "Are we actually paying them money?" "Yes, sir. We have for many years, sir." "How much?" "About 750 million to the Palestinians." That's a lot. And I said, "If they say anything again, we immediately stop it." Within about two minutes, they happened to say something, "Death.

Donald Trump: We want deaths for America. We want deaths for Israel." And so, I stopped the money, and we would have had a deal with them, too, because I stopped the money and I said, "Until we have a deal, I'm not negotiating." And I moved the embassy. That set them off a little bit, but they were OK with it. Remember when I did that?

Donald Trump: Every president promised they were going to put the embassy in Jerusalem. For decades and decades, Clinton said it, Bush said it, everybody said it. Nobody did it but me. Nobody did it but me. Because I was called -- once I got to office and once they heard we were even thinking about it, I was called by every leader in the world practically. "Please don't do it, sir." Especially in a certain part of the world. "Please don't do it." They said, "Please, sir, do not do it." So, what happened is, I went out and I got a lot of calls from heads of state, from kings, from presidents, from prime ministers, because they heard I was going to do it. So, I said, "I don't like telling people no. Tell them I'll call them back on Monday." And they call up, the head of -- I don't want to use any names, the head of a big, powerful country is calling, "Sir, wants to talk to you about that deal, about the embassy going to Jerusalem." I could see why the other presidents didn't do it because it was tremendous pressure.

Donald Trump: I said, "Tell him I'll call him back." This was on a Thursday. "I'll call him back on Monday at some time in the afternoon." And I had about 15 people I had to call back. And on Monday morning, I approved it. Then I called them back. "Hi. What's going on?" "Hey. How are you feeling? Everything good? I called you about this, but it's too late, sir.

Donald Trump: You've already done it." "Oh, sorry about that." Otherwise, it would have been very tough. And you know what? There was no problem with it. Everybody said, "Oh, it's going to be" -- no problem with it. But I kept my word. I said I was going to do it, and I got it done, Larry, right? So, we got it done. There weren't any games.

Donald Trump: And when I'm back in the White House, we will cut off every penny -- Palestinian terrorists, they don't even cut it off. They don't cut the money off. They keep paying them. It's like with the World Health Organization. We paid $500 million a year. That's peanuts compared to some of the numbers, the stupid numbers that you see.

Donald Trump: I saw so many stupid things. I said, "Who makes these deals? So, the World Health, WHO, with COVID, with all the problems, they were way late. So, we paid $500 million a year. Let's say we have 350 million people. We have no idea how many people we have because they're pouring in at a level that changes every hour.

Donald Trump: Millions and millions of people are pouring in. But let's say we have 350 million, probably the correct number. They say 325 million, but probably -- they have no idea who's here, and bad ones are coming in. China has 1.4 billion people. So, China pays 30 million a year. We pay almost 500 million a year.

Donald Trump: And I said, "What the hell is that all about? So, I got out and I got a call from the head of the World Health Organization, the doctor. "Sir, we want you back very badly. It sets a horrible precedent when you get out." I said, "Number one, we pay too much. Why are we paying 500 million and China's paying 30 million?" "Well, sir, we'll reduce it." "How much?

Donald Trump: They said, "We'll take 250 million off." I said, "That was quick." This is just like a phone call. I said, "No. I don't want to do it. How about we'll take it down to a 100 million?" I said, "Wow. Except I got such support from people like you, not from all people, but from people like you that are smart and practical.

Donald Trump: So, I didn't want to do it." And then I said, "Would you make it so we pay the same 30 million that China pays?" "Yes, sir. We'll do that." And then I left it anyway despite that because it was so bad. I left it. And then the other day -- and everybody knew it. The other day, I read where they went back into the World Health Organization for the same prices they were always paying, 500 million.

Donald Trump: Now they read the papers. They could've seen we could've come in there for peanuts. And you know what? That money, as much as it is, 500 million, it's nothing compared to the billions and trillions of dollars that we waste, but it's emblematic of stupid people. Very stupid people. It's emblematic. They could've done it for 30 million or they went back, I guess, for 450 million, whatever the maximum amount that we were paying.

Donald Trump: Under my leadership, the United States will fully support Israel defeating, dismantling, and permanently destroying the terrorist group Hamas. Thank you very much. And I'm glad it's such because this is the worst microphone I think I've ever had. I hope you can hear me back there. Justin, don't pay the bill for this mic.

Donald Trump: I'm blowing out my voice talking to this stupid mic. This is the worst mic I've ever had. OK. Now we'll get back to the speech. I'm trying to get their attention. Turn up the mic. Is it OK? And then I don't pay a bill and they say, "Trump doesn't pay his contractors." It's unbelievable. It's a rotten, lousy mic.

Donald Trump: The state of -- but it's not my deal. It's not my deal. I have a good mic. I always have. You don't have a good mic, it's a very difficult deal. You walk out for two weeks, you're talking, you say, "What the hell happened to his voice?" The state of Israel is a blessing to the world. Our prayers are with them now in this terrible, terrible time.

Donald Trump: Siggy, that's great. Siggy, you're amazing. One of the greatest people in the world, Siggy. She's got more -- look at her. She's crying. We love her. You got the greatest woman, the greatest wife. Under my leadership, we will stand with Israel 100%, and we will not let them fail. Don't forget I did have a bad experience with Israel though.

Donald Trump: When we took out Soleimani, it was us in Israel working as a group, and we knew where he was. We knew how he was coming in. We knew the plane. We knew everything. We worked on it for weeks for months, actually, but we worked on it for weeks. The night before, no -- I don't think this has ever been told. They'll say, "Oh, it's classified information." Well, maybe it is, but I don't think so. The night before this happened -- and by the way, Biden's got a lot of problems with those documents.

Donald Trump: He's moving them to Chinatown. He's moved them all over. I didn't. And I come under the Presidential Records Act. He doesn't. He doesn't because he was vice president and he was a senator. As a senator, you're not allowed to do it. As a president, I am because I come under the -- I could do whatever I want, but I did nothing wrong.

Donald Trump: And then they go after me, but they don't go after him. But we'll see what happens. But with all of the different things that happened, we took abuse like nobody, and we had to do this because we heard Soleimani was going to be blowing up five of our really big military bases in areas all over the Middle East.

Donald Trump: He was going to be blowing them up. He was a very bad guy, very smart guy, but very bad guy. He was a leader of their military for a long time. In fact, the Ayatollahs, they were all afraid of him. I actually think they were happy when this happened. OK? I think they were happy. I remember the prime minister of Pakistan said to me it was the biggest event in the history of the Middle East.

Donald Trump: This is big stuff. This was a big event. He said, "I left my office." Khan, a very good man. He left his office. He said, "I went home. This was the biggest event in my life." And he was a great cricket player. He was like, the Willie Mays, the Mickey Mantle, the Babe Ruth of cricket. He was a great cricket player.

Donald Trump: He became handsome guy, great guy. He became the prime minister of Pakistan. He said, "When I heard that he was dead, this was the biggest event I've ever seen, I've ever been involved in. And I left my office, and I went home for one week, and I contemplated." He said, "I've never seen anything like it. It was big stuff." This was much bigger than anybody, but we had to do it. He was going to blow up our installations all over, kill many people, many, many people, and wounded people beyond recognition.

Donald Trump: And Israel was going to do this with us, and it was being planned and working on it for months. And now, we had everything all set to go. And the night before it happened, I got a call that Israel will not be participating in this attack. Nobody's heard this story before, but I like to tell it to Club 47 because you've been so loyal and so beautiful.

Donald Trump: And I said, "What does this mean? We're working on it with them. Why?" " They didn't tell us why, sir, but they're not doing it." This was a day before. I said, "I don't like that. That's not good." I looked at one of my generals who's fantastic, a warrior. I'm telling you, we have unbelievable military, unbelievable warriors.

Donald Trump: Just not the guys you see on television. They're real stiffs, real dubs. But these guys are warriors. They don't want to be on television. They want to win fights, OK? They want to win battles. And I said to him, "General, what do you want to do?" "Sir, we can do whatever you'd like to do, sir. We can finish it ourselves, sir, if you'd like." I said, "Well, do we need them?" "Not at all, sir." I said, "So, what do you want to do, general?" "Sir, we have it under control if you want to do it. If you don't want to do it, we understand.

Donald Trump: Whatever you say, sir, is OK with us." He said, "Let's do it. Let's do it. Let's do it." Because what this guy did to our soldiers, what this guy did to so many people, including many civilians, including many of his own people, just blew them to pieces by the tens of thousands. "Let's do it." And he came on in the plane, and we followed him right from the situation room.

Donald Trump: We followed the whole thing. And about 15 seconds later, it was all over and we did it. But I'll never forget that Bibi Netanyahu let us down. That was a very terrible thing. I will say that. So when I see, sometimes, the intelligence -- you talk about the intelligence or you talk about some of the things that went wrong over the last week.

Donald Trump: They've got to straighten it out because they're fighting potentially a very big force. They're fighting potentially Iran. And when they have people saying the wrong things, everything they say is being digested by these people because they're vicious and they're smart. And boy, are they vicious because nobody's ever seen the kind of sight that we've seen.

Donald Trump: Nobody's ever seen it. But they cannot play games. So, we were disappointed by that. Very disappointed. But we did the job ourselves and it was absolute precision, magnificent, beautiful job. And then, Bibi tried to take credit for it. That wasn't good. That didn't make me feel too good, but that's all right.

Donald Trump: So, they got to strengthen themselves up because they're fighting a big force, and Iran's got close to a 3-million-person army, military. That's big stuff. That's no longer the minor leagues. We had them so in check. They wouldn't do a thing against us. They wouldn't do a thing. They wanted to make a deal so badly.

Donald Trump: If that election wasn't rigged, we would have had that thing done so fast, and you wouldn't have any of these problems. But you would have never ever had anybody attacking Israel if I were president. It wouldn't have happened. It wouldn't have happened. And when you look at the death I mean, hundreds of Israeli soldiers are dead.

Donald Trump: Hundreds of people in their homes, they were attacked. Nobody's ever seen anything like it. Nobody thought it was possible. And so, they're going to have to step up their game, and the United States is going to have to step up its game because we're really led by the wrong people. We're led by people that don't know what's happening, and they don't know how to lead, and they're not respected, and it's a very hard thing.

Donald Trump: But it could ultimately lead to World War 3, a man who's incapable, a man who's got virtually no brain, a man who shouldn't be in that position could very well lead us into World War 3, and this is weaponry the likes of which nobody in this room can even imagine. Weaponry that's so powerful that it's the obliteration of the world.

Donald Trump: It could be the obliteration of the world. And we need our best, and we need our brightest. We need our smartest. And we have, I think, absolutely the absolute worst. Joe, if you go back 30 years, was considered a dummy. He was considered a dummy. A gladhand. He was considered a gladhand. And Ted Kennedy, believe it or not, was a friend of mine.

Donald Trump: I met him through Palm Beach. They had a big house, a compound. They called it the Kennedy compound, and I had a very nice house also. But I got to know him very well, and he liked me. And I one time asked him, "Who's the smartest guy in the U.S. Senate?" He was a smart guy, by the way. Ted Kennedy. Very smart.

Donald Trump: Great politician. And I said, "Who's the smartest guy in the Senate?" We were friends. I did him a big favor. I will tell you that. Big, big favor, really big. And it wasn't hard for me to do, but it was very big and important for him. And he liked me, and I liked him. I said, "Who's the smartest in the Senate?" He gave me a name, but I won't tell you because I can't stand the guy, actually.

Donald Trump: Still around. Can't stand him. I was disappointed to hear that name. I said, "Who's the dumbest in the Senate?" He goes, "I don't know. Let's see. Probably Joe." I said, "Who's Joe? He said, "Joe Biden." This is 25, 30 years ago. A long time ago. I think it was one of the early times I've ever heard the name.

Donald Trump: And that wasn't prime time for him, but this is in prime time. Joe gave us the war on Israel and the war on American energy. What he did to our energy was we were energy-independent. Think of it. As president, I will shut off Iranian oil and I will turn on American oil, and we will drill, baby, drill, and we'll get things back to where they are supposed to be. And in addition, I will immediately begin the process of building a state-of-the-art missile defense shield in America.

Donald Trump: We need a missile defense shield because we have people out there that are bad people, and it was our technology. And if you look at Israel, it wouldn't even exist if they didn't have that. It's amazing how incredible they are, Dan Scavino. Don't you think? Dan Scavino. Ladies and gentlemen, the most powerful man in politics.

Donald Trump: Stand up. Most powerful man. And all of his friends, they are the great -- I could go to Madison Avenue, pay millions of dollars, and they don't have near the talent that Dan and DC Draino and you, the Libs, the Libs, oh, what a group of geniuses. They are -- I go to say, "Sir, we want $1 million for that campaign or more." And they'd show me a campaign that's so bad.

Donald Trump: These guys -- I'll tell you. Look at my man there. Stand up. Most powerful man. Come here. Stand up. Not you, Bruce. I'll tell you, they come up with things -- DC. They come up with things that are just absolutely incredible. Nobody can do it. I put a lot of them out. I put them out on truth. I hope everybody's on truth because truth is where it's at. Truth is where it's at. Truth is really where it's a hot situation.

Donald Trump: That's incredible, actually. But we put things up that these people do. I don't know. They do it in their bed. They write, draw, stuff they do. Gina is so incredible. It's so brilliant. It's so genius. And Dan coordinates things. It's been amazing. We've had a lot of fun together, Dan, but he is. He's the most powerful guy.

Donald Trump: I say that because I want to keep his fees down a little bit. You've done a great job, Dan. Thank you very much. And you've kept it very interesting. The recent terror attacks are also a reminder of the deadly dangers that we face from Joe Biden's demolition of our own borders here on American soil. Can you imagine what's happening with these people pouring in under Biden?

Donald Trump: The same people that attacked Israel, killing, raping, torturing, and maiming innocent civilians are right now pouring into our once beautiful USA. I have to say that once beautiful because what's happened to our country in three years is not even to be believed. But they're pouring in through totally open southern borders, and they're coming in at numbers that are not being reported by the fake news correctly.

Donald Trump: They're coming in many, many millions, close to 15 million in my opinion. They're flooding in from Afghanistan, Yemen, Syria, Somalia, Iraq, Iran, unscreened, unvetted, and totally uncontrolled. And many of them are young men, young, strong men. There's not a lot of women. They're not bringing women. They're men.

Donald Trump: I said, "Look at all the men. What's going on here?" And I look at what's happening in Israel, and I say, "Are they looking to do the same thing over here?" They're also coming in from China, vast numbers of people, men coming in from China. We will be paying the price for years to come if we don't get them out immediately.

Donald Trump: Under my administration, you not only had the most secure border in history. We have to get them. We have to get them out. We're going to have the largest deportation movement in the history of our country. We have no choice. I also gave you a very strong powerful travel ban to keep jihadists, extremists, and radical Islamic terrorists, the hell out of our country.

Donald Trump: We want them out. And it worked. And it worked. So, we had four years. Did anybody notice any problems? We had no problem. You're going to have some problems. If we don't win, this country is going to be fire hell. It's going to be in big trouble. We had no problems, think of it, for four years. I would never talk about it during the term.

Donald Trump: I'd say, "We went three years. We have no problem." The last thing I want to do is say, "Oh, we went three years and then something horrible happens," a World Trade Center tragedy or something. We had no problems. We were tough and we kept them out. We don't want our people killed. We don't want our shopping centers blown up. We don't want the problems that some people bring.

Donald Trump: You take a look at what's happening in other countries. When we get back in, I will immediately reimpose the Trump travel ban on entry from terrorist countries, and we will make it even stronger. Although it can't get a hell of a lot strong, I'll be honest. It was very strong. It took a lot of heat over that one.

Donald Trump: That's not nice. Yeah. That's not nice. Well, blowing up our shopping centers isn't nice either. Upon my inauguration, we will quickly seal the border and terminate every open borders policy of Crooked Joe Biden. And we will carry out the largest domestic deportation operation in American history. It's amazing how the microphone got so much better.

Donald Trump: Sometimes you have to do -- you have to shake people up. But that includes getting all of the illegal aliens from countries that hate us, that hate our values, and sending them back to the places from which they came. We'll send them back. Bye-bye. Bye. Bye-bye. Instead of keeping terrorists and terrorist sympathizers out of America, the Biden administration is inviting them in. You know why?

Donald Trump: Because he's got a boss. Who's his boss? Barack Hussein Obama. Barack Hussein. Barack Hussein Obama. Remember the great Rush Limbaugh? Barack Hussein Obama. He goes, "Barack Hussein Obama." Hello, Lee. Unbelievably, the corrupt Biden Department of Justice recently invited an Iranian-backed judge from Iraq to visit our nation's capital.

Donald Trump: Isn't that nice? He couldn't have been too impressed with our Capitol. It looks like shit. No. Have you seen what they've done? And we're doing a federal takeover of our Capitol. We're going put it back into condition. We're going to stop the murders that are happening every day. We're going to stop all of the murders, all of the crime.

Donald Trump: We're going to polish it up. We're going to put in brand-new limestone where the limestone's been destroyed. We're going to make that capital the most beautiful capital again in the world. Even though I'm being tried for something, I haven't figured that one out. I don't know what. Oh, they're trying me because I said something about the election, I think.

Donald Trump: They want to say that well, first of all, that's an easy one to win because that was the most corrupt election, and we have such proof of it, but they're trying me. And the jury comes from Washington DC, and I want to do a federal takeover of Washington DC to stop the crime and to make it great again, to make it magnificent again.

Donald Trump: I used to do it in real estate very well, and this is just a large real estate deal. We want to make it gorgeous again. You look and you have graffiti on those beautiful marble columns, and you have tents all over the place. You have tents. And the homeless -- we got to take care of the homeless, but they can't do it there.

Donald Trump: They can't be in our beautiful parks. They can't be resting at the base of the Washington Monument and making it so that nobody wants to go there anymore. Nobody wants to go there anymore, and they're very unsafe. They're killing people every night. You're reading the other night, three people shot. Just shot.

Donald Trump: Nobody wants that. We're going to take over the capital, Washington, DC. I've been saying this for a year and a half, and we're going to get rid of all the crime. There will be no crime there. There will be no anything, and it'll be spit-shined. It'll be shined up beautifully, and you'll be proud of it again.

Donald Trump: And then I'll be tried by people that live there. "I don't like this guy. This guy wants to take away the Capitol." No, I want to make our Capitol great again. We're going to make it beautiful again. The Biden Department of Justice recently invited this Iranian-backed judge from Iraq to visit our nation's capital.

Donald Trump: And after that, the foreign judge issued a warrant for my arrest for blowing up the No. 1 terrorist in the world, Soleimani. So, he came in. He was invited by this incompetent president. Please come in. And he ended up issuing an arrest for my -- they want to arrest me because I killed the No. 1 terrorist in the world.

Donald Trump: What I do for you people, you have no idea. You think it's easy? You think it's easy when I call up our great first lady and I say, "First Lady, darling, how are you? Listen, I'm going to be indicted today at 5:00." "Oh." And she looks at me, she says, "Again? How many times could that?" Or I call up this great young man right over here and his wife and I say, "Laura, Eric, I got a little bad news for you." "What is it, Dad?" "For the fourth time in about two minutes, I'm going to be indicted." Alphonse Capone.

Donald Trump: Did anybody ever hear of Al Capone? The greatest of all time, right? The greatest gangster of all time. If you looked at him wrong, he'd kill you. And he killed you with his hands. He was a tough guy. He got indicted one time. I got indicted four times. As you know, Crooked Joe Biden and his radical left thugs have weaponized law enforcement to arrest their leading political opponent, me. Not only leading, I'm beating them by 12 points.

Donald Trump: Wasn't that great? ABC, Washington Post comes out with a poll. They pay, like millions of dollars, and it shows Trump's up by 11. Now, normally, you put it Trump's up by 11. OK. Not the worst thing, right? It's good stuff. We're all happy. They said Trump's up by -- "We disavow the poll. We disavow it, ladies and gentlemen." Why didn't they just not issue it? It would have been -- they spent so much money on it, but we're up by 11, and they say, "We disavow this poll.

Donald Trump: This poll is not correct. It can't be correct. Oh, my gosh. Please don't make it correct." You know why? Because we want to put these people out of business. These are corrupt people. They're horrible people, and they know we're not playing any games. We got rid of Comey. We got rid of a lot of bad people.

Donald Trump: We got them out. A lot of bad people. We were doing the rest and then we got hit with COVID, a gift from China. This is high-level election interference. This is all about election interference. I'm up by 11 points. I'm up by 67 points with DeSanctimonious, but they don't care about that one. But they want to damage the person that they're running against because if they can damage him, even a guy like Crooked Joe Biden could win.

Donald Trump: They cheated the last time. This is a new form of cheating. This is like a banana republic. Banana republics cheat, and third-world countries cheat like this. They do that a lot. Election interference, they try and smidge. They try and do things. And I will tell you this -- a fact. I am the only politician in the history of the world that got indicted and my numbers went up 25%. It's true.

Donald Trump: It's true. It's true. In fact, I called my people. I said, "How bad is it?" I got indicted. I called them the next morning. "How bad is it? Tell me. How bad?" They say, "Sir, you're up 25." I said, "What? Say it again." Usually, when that happens, what they do, they go to the microphone, like within three minutes of getting their subpoena and their indictment, they go to the mic, "Ladies and gentlemen, I am going back to my family, where I will fight for the rest of my life to clear my name." To hell with that.

Donald Trump: You know I'm innocent, and that that's the nice thing. These things are -- these are made up. I call them Biden indictments. They're not indictments. They're Biden indictments. These are crooked people. I did that mugshot for Atlanta, and they also control the local AGs and they control the DAs. I did the mugshot in Atlanta.

Donald Trump: I don't think I've ever made so much money in my life, that mugshot. No, it's a terrible thing. Honestly, it's a terrible thing. So, if I win, that would mean -- and I wouldn't do this. I wouldn't do it. But that would mean, OK, there's somebody, a Democrat running. He's hot, doing great, and we're going to run and we're going to beat him.

Donald Trump: I call my top people, my law enforcement people, and I say, "Indict him." "What? For what? You can't indict." "You can indict anyone. Indict him. He walked across the street wrong. He went through a red light, indict that guy." And he gets indicted, and now he's officially out of the race. It's a disgrace.

Donald Trump: What they're doing is unthinkable. It was never supposed to happen. And in fact, almost everyone said nothing like this could ever happen. I heard they looked at two more, and the Department of Justice said, "No way. Don't do it. Don't do it. Please don't do it." Because every time we go up, five, six, seven points.

Donald Trump: But it's a terrible thing that they are able to weaponize the Justice Department, the attorney general, the FBI. It's a terrible thing. And I'm pleased to report that in the latest poll in Florida, we're crushing them by numbers that you wouldn't even believe. We had one poll that reported so much that we can't really give you a number.

Donald Trump: That's very good. That's a lot. But while DeSantis has been flying around the country, setting fire to his reputation and destroying the reputation, frankly, of Florida. All he's doing is campaigning. When Chris Christie did that, they threw him out of New Jersey. Chris Christie, there's another beauty, Trump Derangement syndrome.

Donald Trump: He's got a major case of "What are you going to do for the country? I don't like Donald Trump. I don't." You know why he doesn't like me? Because I never gave him a job. That's why they like -- because I never trusted him. "I don't like Donald Trump". No. He's got Trump Derangement syndrome at a level that nobody's ever seen before.

Donald Trump: He could be worse than Biden. But Florida's in the midst of an insurance crisis like never before. And this guy's flying around wasting his time because you know what? When you're at a level of 9, 8, and now you're in third place and fourth place, and in one case, he's in fifth place in one particular place.

Donald Trump: He's in fifth place. You got to be back here fixing the insurance because the insurance is a real problem in Florida. Insurers are fleeing. You're paying sky-high rates. Seniors are getting squeezed, and families and businesses are being forced to leave your state. They're leaving. Insurance costs have more than doubled under Ron DeSanctimonious while he's raised millions and millions of dollars from insurance companies.

Donald Trump: So, he gets money from the insurance companies that he's supposed to be watching so he can run for president and make a fool out of himself because he's got no talent. He's got no skill. One thing about running, you do need a little bit of a personality, and he's got no skill. It's been a terrible thing to watch.

Donald Trump: Actually, I love it. Now, Florida families are getting clobbered while he's off in his failing campaign. But it's a failing campaign for all of them. They ought to stop, have another debate. They're doing one more debate. Let them have the debate. Nobody's going to watch it. And then they ought to get together, and we got to beat Joe Biden and these people.

Donald Trump: I mean, it's enough already. And it's time for Ron DeSantis to hang it up. It's very interesting. Branding is a beautiful thing, proper branding. And the other day, he's being interviewed by, I think, NBC, very straight interview. And the announcer goes, "Ladies and gentlemen, it's a great honor to have Governor Ron DeSanctis with us." "My name is DeSantis." Did nobody -- they didn't play that. "My name is DeSantis." They called him Ron DeSanctis.

Donald Trump: I said, "Am I a good brander?" I'm a pretty good brander. It's pretty crazy. We get back here. We have to take care of the people of Florida and their insurance and other problems who are really being neglected. You have a governor that's never in the state. He's up in Iowa. He's at all sorts. He's in New Hampshire.

Donald Trump: He goes to South Carolina where he's not even -- he's not -- I mean, he doesn't even register in the polls. Instead of spending hundreds of millions of dollars attacking me and the MAGA movement, all of the money DeSantis is wasting should instead be used to defeat Crooked Joe Biden next November. It should be used, and let him take a shot in '28. I don't think it's going to happen.

Donald Trump: I don't think it's going to happen. The radical left Democrats rigged the -- and that's what happened. They rigged the presidential election of 2020, and we are not going to allow them to rig the presidential election of 2024. We want our country to be great again. We want to save our country. Every time the radical left Democrats, Marxists, communists, and fascists indict me, I consider it a great badge of honor.

Donald Trump: Thanks very much. I'm being indicted for you. I'm being indicted for you. I wonder what my father looking down from heaven says. I wonder what he says looking down from heaven. My son just got indicted four times. But he was smart. He'd get it faster than anybody. In New York State, the radical left liberal Democrat judge made a statement this morning.

Donald Trump: I have another trial going. This is a civil trial, which we did absolutely nothing wrong except build a great company. Much greater than the statements say, which is interesting. They have no case. But he said, "Trump doesn't get a jury whether he wants it or not." They're having a lot of fun with me. He doesn't get a jury.

Donald Trump: Think of it. I'm the only guy getting a trial without a jury. It's the first time they've ever used the statute. You're not entitled to a jury. That sounds fair. It would not have helped to make a motion, he said. "It doesn't help to make a motion." And there is no box checking. Normally, you check, "Do you want a box?

Donald Trump: Do you want a jury?" But there is none. But he said that "Trump does not get a jury. There is no box checking." And I have a trial going on, and I don't get a jury. Because if I had a jury, I'd win the case very easily. I think even though it's considered pretty liberal area, I think I'd win the case very -- it's a very simple case.

Donald Trump: I did absolutely nothing wrong. It's a political witch hunt. And the crooked attorney general of New York, she's a real beauty, Leticia James. I call her Leticia "Peekaboo" James. [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: Peekaboo James. No. They used a statute that's never been used before, and the statute is so horrible. It's actually meant for totally different things and never used. And under the statute, you don't get a jury trial. Can you imagine? So, I'll have a politician, Democrat, who's a judge. I sort of like him, but I don't think I probably will after the trial is over.

Donald Trump: But can you imagine that? You don't get a jury. This is communist Russia. This is a communist China. Nobody's ever heard of a thing like this. We don't get a jury. It's unthinkable. But they use this one little statute hidden away where I don't get a jury, I don't get anything. But the good news is we have such a strong case, and maybe the judge will be straight.

Donald Trump: Otherwise, I really do believe they'll overturn it. We've won a lot of appeals on that case, and it's very interesting. But I have to go through this stuff. And let me tell you, if I weren't running or if I was in fifth place or sixth place or fourth place, none of this would be happening. I wouldn't have been indicted four times or one time, and I wouldn't be sued all over the place for anything. "Anything we can do, let's sue him." If I weren't running or if I was doing poorly, I would have absolutely no litigation.

Donald Trump: But when you're beating the, I say, so-called president of the United States, when you're beating him by so much, and when you're beating all of these Republicans, they're angry too. They do things that you never know. But you have governors, senators, you have all these people running. But if I wasn't doing that, if I wasn't going to try and help you and straighten out this country, I didn't need this.

Donald Trump: I had a very nice life. You can ask the great Eric Trump. I had a very nice life. Beautiful places I could go, have a good time, nice. Instead, I sit in courtrooms and campaign, but I sort of love it because we're doing something. We're saving our country. It's so much more important. We're saving our country.

Donald Trump: We're saving our country, and I love doing it. I love doing it. People ask me two questions. "Sir, could I ask you a question?" "Yeah. What's your question?" "How do you take it?" "How do I take what?" "How do you take it?" They indict you every time you go on television. They indict you. They indict you for nothing.

Donald Trump: I mean, you see these indictments. Many of them are just -- I mean, the illegal scholars like Gregg Jarrett, who's so fantastic, and so many others, they've been writing these incredible things that there's no case. There's literally no case. They say there's no case. Even if he was guilty, there's no case.

Donald Trump: And these charges with this Fani, whatever her name is, in Atlanta, where they wanted to take down senators, they wanted to take down Rudy Giuliani, the greatest mayor in the history of New York. So sad to see it. It's become weaponized, and it's a very dangerous thing because it works two ways. The Republicans can do that, too.

Donald Trump: It's a very dangerous thing to do. Nobody thought it would be possible. But never forget, our enemies want to stop us because we are the only ones who can truly stop them. That's what it is. They know we can stop them. We're going to stop them. If we don't win this election, our country, I think, is finished.

Donald Trump: I really do. Remember I used to say all the time, we will not become a socialist country. We will never become a socialist country. And I was right. We skipped socialism. We went down to communism. We never became a socialist country. At least, I was right about that. They want to take away my freedom because I will never let them take away your freedom.

Donald Trump: It's very simple. How about you going to let it happen? They want to silence me because I will never let them silence you. And in the end, they're not after me. They're after you, and I just happen to be standing in their way. It's my honor to do so. Thank you. But think what our country would have been like if the election had not been rigged and stolen.

Donald Trump: Just think of this. Israel would not now be under attack -- would never be under attack. They'd be flourishing. They'd be happy. All of those people that are dead, right now dead, beautiful daughters and sons, fathers and mothers, babies. Forty-four babies had their heads cut off. Did you hear that right?

Donald Trump: Babies, babies. These are babies. They had their heads cut off today. But Israel would be flourishing. They would have no problem. Iran would never have played that game. Ukraine would not be under attack by Russia. Zero chance. Zero chance. Putin wouldn't have that. I told him, "Vladimir, don't do it. If you do it, bad things happen." "No way." I don't want to say what I told him, but I said bad things, and I explained the bad things.

Donald Trump: He said, "No way." I said, "Way." "No way." "Way." And he didn't believe me. But he believed me 10%. And the fact is, they didn't do it. They never were going to do it while I was there. Four years, long time. They were never going to do it. We would have no hostile relationship with North Korea. We had a very good relationship with Kim Jong Un. Remember when I met with Obama, which is mandatory when you take office?

Donald Trump: The two presidents meet. Lovely meeting. I said, "What's your biggest problem?" He said, "North Korea. There's nothing you can do to stop it." I said, "Have you called him? Have you tried to talk to him?" "No." I said, "Maybe you should give it a chance before we end up in a nuclear war." But I talked to him.

Donald Trump: We became very friendly. I was a fan of his. He was a fan of mine. A fan in the sense of we got along, OK? They'll say, "Oh, he was a fan." They'll make it like headline. "We have headline news. Trump was a fan of Kim Jong Un." We got along. He runs a country, very tough. He's a very tough guy, smart guy, but he has a massive amount of nuclear weapons.

Donald Trump: But we got along. You would have had -- if Hillary got in, you would have had a nuclear war. You would have had a nuclear war. We would have left Afghanistan with dignity and strength and power and pride, and I would not have been the -- it just wouldn't have been -- if you take a look at that horrible embarrassment, we wouldn't have had an embarrassment, the greatest in our history, with dead soldiers, American hostages not taken back.

Donald Trump: You have many Americans over there right now. They can't get out, and they must be living in hell, and $85 billion of military equipment left behind. Eighty-five billion dollars. They're the second or third largest seller of arms in the world. They're selling the 70,000 trucks that we left them. If you had a used car, like the biggest in Florida, they have big ones.

Donald Trump: They have they have 400 cars. It's a lot. We gave them 70,000 cars, trucks. Most of them had armor plates on, that cost millions and millions of dollars to build. We gave them 70,000. We gave them 700,000 guns and rifles, and they sell them. They sell them. We gave them goggles, night goggles. They're great fighters, actually.

Donald Trump: The Afghans, the Afghanistanians, they're great fighters. They're very good fighters. They fight for 2,000 years, they fight. I remember when I first came into the White House, they said, "Sir, it's going to be a rough spring." "Why? Well, they fight in the spring. That's what they do. They come out of the caves, and they come out of the crevices in the mountains, and they fight." And I said, "No kidding.

Donald Trump: Do they do anything else? Do they go out to a ballgame or anything?" "No, sir. They fight." They're fighters. That's what they are. But they never fought at night because they didn't have goggles. And we gave them the best goggles in the world, better than our people, right out of the box. Brand new stuff, brand new.

Donald Trump: And I said to these guys, "Take every screw when we're leaving." We'll get ready to leave. I said, "I want every bolt. I want every nut. I want every screw. Those big hangars for the airplanes, I want them. I want every plane. I want every tank. I want every Jeep. I want everything. We're taking it all out with us." And I'll never forget Milley saying, "Sir, it would be cheaper to leave it." I said, "Let me ask you a question, Milley.

Donald Trump: When you say leave it, you mean if we have $150 million plane and we could fill it up with a tank of jet fuel and fly it to Pakistan or bring it back to our country, do you think it's cheaper to leave it? It might be brand new." "Yes, sir, we think" -- and that was when I realized he was an idiot. But they left it. And I know what happened.

Donald Trump: Milley and his couple of guys said to Biden, who couldn't stay awake. He said to Biden, "Sir, it'll be cheaper to leave all of our equipment." And they left all of their equipment. And $85 billion, $85 billion worth of equipment. The good news is I rebuilt the military, and that was actually a very small number compared to the numbers that we spent on rebuilding.

Donald Trump: We built new jets too. But we had fighter jets that were 48 years old. We would have the strongest border right now in history as we did just three years ago. Three years ago, we had the strongest border in history. Millions of prisoners right now, and people from jails all over the world are pouring in. They're coming in from the jails and prisons all over the world, and they're dumping them into our country.

Donald Trump: We have people coming in from mental institutions, from insane asylums. We have terrorists pouring into our country. Nobody's ever seen anything like it. There's never been a third-world country that had to endure this because no third-world country would have allowed it. They would have fought them off with sticks and stones.

Donald Trump: They would have done whatever they had to do. This is the worst border in history. We had the best border in the history of our country. Now, we have the worst border in the history of the world. You go into New York all over Madison Avenue. There are people sleeping on the sidewalk, sleeping all over Fifth Avenue.

Donald Trump: They have luxury shop owners closing their businesses. This is true in Chicago. This is true in Los Angeles. This is true in San Francisco. Ten years ago, San Francisco was one of the greatest cities in the world. Today, I don't know. It's very sad to see. And Nancy Pelosi is a big reason for it. By the way, she's got a wall around her house.

Donald Trump: It didn't help her husband too much, but it helped her. What the hell was that all about? Has anyone figured out that one? What was that all about, Nancy? Tell us. Nancy, give us the word. She's a bad woman. I call her Crazy Nancy. And she was responsible for security of the Capitol, just so you -- we offered her 10,000 soldiers.

Donald Trump: She was responsible for the security of the Capitol, and she failed. We would have had, right now, and we had the strongest economy in the world, the strongest economy we ever had, and we had it all three years ago. Think of it. There would be no inflation. Interest rates would be low. You'd be buying houses right now at great prices.

Donald Trump: Mortgage rates were setting an all time. We were at 2.7%. Now you can't get a mortgage, 8%, 9%, 10%, 12%, you can't get a mortgage. We were energy-independent. We would, right now, be energy independent and energy dominant. We'd be selling our energy all over Europe. It would be making a fortune reducing our debt and reducing your taxes.

Donald Trump: The United States auto workers -- if you look at the United Auto Workers and all auto workers throughout the United States, they're under siege with ridiculous electric vehicle mandates because all those cars are going to be made in China, every one of them because that's where the materials are. And who wants to buy a car that can't go far and costs a lot of money?

Donald Trump: Can't go far. Doesn't go very far. In other words, you're in a different world right now, and it's getting worse. It's getting much worse. Much, much worse. We would be respected again if we were doing what we did so well, and I appreciate it. And I appreciate the support. We used to call this Club 45. And these brilliant people that run it said, "Sir, do you mind if we call it Club 47?" And I said, "You do whatever you want, right?" Now, this is a great celebration because in addition to all the people -- you've maxed out 4,000 people.

Donald Trump: But in addition to all the people, you have thousands of people outside trying to -- would love to come in. If anybody would like to give up their seat, be an honor to let you out. Is anybody -- because if anybody was a little bit bored, "Trump is terrible." Hey, it's a very funny thing. We get these massive crowds.

Donald Trump: I was telling Eric, "Nobody ever said I was a great speaker." We get these massive -- The rallies? We get 30, 40, 50, 60. Alabama, we had 68,000. Mo Brooks, he said, "Well, let's forget about that." And that was the end of him, but we had 68,000 people. Texas, we had 104,000 people. Nobody ever says how great it is, but everybody comes.

Donald Trump: Nobody ever said, "Boy, he's a great speaker. That guy's really great." They don't say it. I mean, I got to be -- I think it's because I'm so good-looking, the people sit there, and they stare at my beautiful face. They say, "That guy is really freaking handsome. I could look at him all day long." But Crooked Joe Biden and his boss, Barack Hussein Obama, did this to us. They did this to us. They're destroying our country, but we've saved America from all of what's happening, not to this extent though, but we saved it before and we'll save America once again, and we're going to save it. We're going to make it bigger and better and stronger than ever before.

Donald Trump: So, here is just some of what we will do as the 47th President of the United States, and we're all doing this together. We're all doing this as a group. I totally will obliterate. We started it very strongly. We got rid of a lot of bad ones in Washington, real bad ones. But they come back at you, all sorts of things, with a fake Mueller report.

Donald Trump: By the way, no collusion at the end of two and a half years with Russia. It was so interesting, during the campaign -- they started this earlier than my win, but we were doing well. And young staffers would come up, "Sir, it's so great to meet you, sir." And I said, "Nice to meet you. What's going on?" "Sir, do you have anything to do with Russia?" I said, "That's a strange question.

Donald Trump: No. I don't know anything about -- the hell do I know about Russia. We got enough problems." And then, two months later, another young man came up to me. "Hello, sir. It's an honor. Sir, anything you are doing with Russia that maybe we should know about, sir?" I said, "No. No. I don't know what you mean." And this happened four or five times.

Donald Trump: After about the fifth time, I said, "There's something strange going on with Russia." And that was it. And then when she lost, they used that as an excuse for her loss because they were very embarrassed. It was, they say, the biggest upset. I didn't think it was. I did a speech in Michigan. I had 38,000 people there the day before, and she did a speech and she had, like, almost nobody.

Donald Trump: She had, like, 100 people. So, I don't know why it's an upset, but they called it an upset. But they used the Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia. They used that. The fake media used that as a way of justifying her defeat. They used it. And it was supposed to be a one-day story, but it turned out to last for two and a half years.

Donald Trump: Because it caught on. It caught on. Unbelievably caught on. And then Mueller did the report. Eighteen angry Democrats. There were sick, angry Democrats. And I think I had an angel in the room because they came up and they said I did nothing, but they would've written whatever they would've written. They're very dishonest people.

Donald Trump: Look at the J6 committee. Think of it. I mean, take a look at the committee. If you look at this committee, they just put out a report. Think of it. Nobody has ever seen anything like it. And the report, they've just deleted all evidence. So, if you are on trial, if anybody's on trial, you have no evidence whatsoever.

Donald Trump: These are political thugs. These are political thugs. These are bad people. And we'll see what happens because I think it's a disgrace. And what's happened to a lot of people, it shouldn't be allowed to happen. You could take a look at Portland. You take a look at Minneapolis. You take a look at Seattle where they practically took over half of the city, a big part of the city.

Donald Trump: People were killed, and nothing happened to them. But they went after some people, and it's been very unfair, two tiers of justice. So, it's been a very interesting period, but we have to protect our people. We have to protect all of our people, and we have to protect everybody, both sides. But what's happened in this country is very sad.

Donald Trump: I will totally obliterate the deep state, stop the weaponization of our government, and overhaul the corrupt FBI and DOJ. We're going to fix the DOJ. The DOJ is corrupt. The FBI is corrupt. Before I even arrive at the Oval Office, I will shortly -- and right after we win, I will have the horrible war between Russia and Ukraine settled.

Donald Trump: Many people are dying. I did a town hall for CNN, and I did so good that they fired the head of CNN. I love that. They got the highest ratings in 11 years, and they fired the head. You're supposed to be the opposite. They're supposed to say congratulations, but they fired him. But we talked about all of these things at that town hall.

Donald Trump: It was actually good. Kaitlan Collins, I think she ruined her -- Kaitlan Collins, right? I think she ruined her career that night. That was not a great night for CNN, but they did get good ratings. That's the good news. But I'm able to say very strongly that I'm the only candidate who can make a promise that's a very important promise, the most important promise that we can have, I will prevent World War 3. It's not going to happen.

Donald Trump: It's not going to happen. And to stop the Marxist prosecutors who release rapists and murderers while persecuting Republicans, conservatives, and people of faith, I will direct a completely overhauled DOJ to investigate every radical DA and AG in America for their illegal racist and reverse enforcement of the law.

Donald Trump: As we restore the border, I will also use Title 42 to end the child trafficking crisis by returning all trafficked children to their families in their homes and the countries from which they come. On day one, I will repeal Joe Biden's insane electric vehicle mandate. Now think of it. Think of it. Number one, I told you before, they're made all in China.

Donald Trump: All going to be made in China and other countries. None here. The United Auto Workers ought to endorse Trump very quickly. For years and decades, they just automatically endorsed a Democrat. But we've lost 50% of our auto-making over the number of decades. Goes to Mexico, goes to China. Mexico, unbelievable.

Donald Trump: A lot of it goes to Canada. The USMCA has been unbelievable, what we did with that, but a lot of it goes to Canada. What they've done is so bad, but now they want to do electric tanks. So, we have our big Sherman tanks running in. They want to make them electric so they can be friendly, environmentally friendly, as you go in and blast the hell out of a community that they want to blast hell, nut it's done in an environmentally friendly way.

Donald Trump: Now think of it. Now, the only problem is the tank can't go very far. It doesn't have the kind of power they need, but it can't go very far, so they're going to have to put charging stations all up and down enemy territory. These people are crazy, I'm telling you. They want to make electric tanks, and I said, "No, thanks." And the other problem is the battery.

Donald Trump: The battery is so big that you'd have to have the tank towing a truck behind it because the battery is very big. That's a good idea. Then they want to change our trucks all electric. And I know a lot about trucks and a lot about the industry. And I have a lot of friends in the industry, big ones, the biggest guys, the biggest.

Donald Trump: They have hundreds of these things, big ones. And one of them said, " 've been doing this for 60 years, and every year, my truck gets bigger, better. I build these big -- I get these big trucks. They're incredible." Peterbilt, different manufacturers. And I buy a lot of them every year. He's a big -- owns a lot of them.

Donald Trump: And he -- one of the biggest. Great guy. I won't use his name. I don't want to get him in trouble. But great guy. But, oh, they're all great guys. Do a great job. He said, "Every year, my trucks get better. They're bigger. They're better. They're stronger. They go faster. They're just incredible." And if they do the electric mandate on trucks, we will go back 60 years because a truck that's top of the line, big, with the big tanks for the diesel.

Donald Trump: It could go approximately 2,000 miles. An electric truck could go approximately 300 miles. It's a slight difference. You talk about supply chain problems, right? So, you'll have to stop six or seven times in order to do what another truck is doing, and they don't care about that. The other day I left South Carolina, and I visited a big boat factory with a fantastic company.

Donald Trump: They make hundreds of boats a year. They make beautiful speedboats. And they said that the government now is starting to impose electric mandates on them. They want the boat to be all-electric. The problem is the batteries are so heavy that the boat can't float. And they're so big that almost the entirety of the boat would have to be electric.

Donald Trump: And he said, "You asked me a question, sir, that nobody's ever asked me." We're talking about this. "They want us to go two miles an hour up to 90 miles out." I said, "How far does the boat go?" "About 60 miles." "You mean two miles." So, in other words, these are speedboats. They want them to go two miles an hour because they want to protect the whales.

Donald Trump: Now, in 50 years, one whale was injured by a boat, but the windmills have driven hundreds of whales onto shore. So, the windmills are OK, but a boat has to go two miles an hour. But I said to him, I said, "Let me ask you this question." He said, "I was very honored by this," because smart guy. I said, "What happens if your boat sinks and you're sitting on top of this massive battery?

Donald Trump: Do you get electrocuted?" He said, "Nobody's ever asked me that question before. I was honored" because he's been asked every question, Siggy. He's been asked every question. He said, "Nobody's ever asked me that." But that's our uncle from MIT. We have an uncle, a brilliant uncle from -- a great professor for, I think, the longest term ever from MIT.

Donald Trump: That's where we get that. I said, "So, what happens? You get electrocuted with the boats going down and you're a little bit off the battery. Do you get electrocuted?" "So, am I better off sitting on top of that battery you're going down? Or am I better off jumping about 10 yards over there, but there's a shark over there?" And if I had my choice between a shark and electrocution, I will take electrocution every single day.

Donald Trump: Do we agree? But they want to change boats to all-electric, and they don't work. They don't work. And they don't want to hear it. It's like they don't work. In California, they have brownouts and blackouts every single day, and yet they want to go all-electric cars. So, they want to have all-electric cars, and yet they don't have enough electric to take care of the state, which is by the way, if he ever runs, we'll have so much fun because that is the worst-run state.

Donald Trump: It's just -- I watched him being interviewed and he said, "Oh, no. California, we're doing great." He's going, "Great. Great. Great. It's been unbelievable." The place is getting killed. People are leaving. A beautiful place though, I will say that. I don't know if he's going to run. And I'm going to be nice to him because he's always been very nice to me. But if we run, we're not going to be nice to him because we're going to have to see if Joe Biden gets to the starting gate.

Donald Trump: I don't know if he's going to get to the starting gate. I don't know that he will. I think he might not. I hope he does because I think it would be a wonderful thing for America to have a Republican president like me. But we're going to say, "Under a Trump administration, gasoline-fired engines will be allowed, but child sexual mutilation will not be allowed." We're not going to allow people to sexually mutilate your child.

Donald Trump: On day one, I will sign a new executive order to cut federal funding for any school pushing critical race theory, transgender insanity, and other inappropriate racial, sexual, or political content to our beautiful children. It's crazy. I will not give one penny to any school that has a vaccine mandate or mask mandate.

Donald Trump: And I will do something that's amazing to me that I even have to mention this. I will keep men out of women's sports 100%, immediately. First day. First day. Did you see the weightlifting record that was broken by 150 pounds? Did you see that the other day? They have a young woman up. She was a fantastic, powerful, powerful woman.

Donald Trump: And she held records, and she wanted to beat this record 18. And they took a quarter of an ounce, and they put it on one side. And they took a quarter of an ounce and they put it on the other side of it. It's barbell thick steel. Got to lift it up. And her parents were sitting right where Lee is, right there, Lee.

Donald Trump: Lee is a big fan of Barack Hussein Obama. I'm only kidding. The opposite. But they're sitting right where Lee is, the great Lee, and they're so proud of their daughter. "Look at her, she's so strong. She's so great." And she got down, and she was going to do it for Mom and Dad and the whole country. And she gets it up. I have a problem.

Donald Trump: I have a wife who does -- she hates this routine. She said it's so unpresidential. But I say, "People love it." I said, "Darling, you're a great first lady, but people love this routine." She said, "Couldn't you do it with less enthusiasm?" And I understand what she's saying. But this isn't -- I'm very presidential.

Donald Trump: When we did State of the Union Addresses, I did very well. I wouldn't do this routine at a State of the Union Address, so I'll do it just a quickie for you, OK, if you don't mind. So, she gets down, she goes up. "Oh, oh." And her parents are just so proud of her. And she's getting ready to make the last move, and she gets out.

Donald Trump: And she drops it. And then a guy who transitioned comes over. "Have you lifted before?" They asked. "No. Not really. But I'd love to give it a try." Then he goes, all right. And takes the weight that she could've lifted. Boom. Puts it down. Then they add 10 pounds. They add another 10. They add another 10. They keep adding the damn weight.

Donald Trump: She couldn't do a quarter of an ounce on each side. And I believe he broke the record by approximately 150 pounds. I think that's pretty tough. Going to be hard to beat that record. Do you agree with that, Gina? And then the worst of all was the great swimmer, great athlete, great champion. Brilliant swimmer.

Donald Trump: She's ready to start. She looks left because they're all like this very, very incredible crowd of people, like golfers. They grow up at six years old, at seven years old, at eight years old. They're all playing the same guys because it's the pyramid, right? And those are all the best players. They play them from the time they're six years old.

Donald Trump: And she swam against all these people, knew them well, because she was a champion swimmer, and she was swimming. She looks over to the left, and there's six girls that she knew very well, all top girls. And then she looks over to the right, there's six girls and one very big girl. She looks up. And he looked like Wilt Chamberlain on steroids, OK? This guy.

Donald Trump: She looks -- that's the biggest human being I think I've ever seen. And she wanted to break the record, and she was equipped to break the record. But what happened is she suffered a terrible, terrible injury. You know what the injury was? Windburn. He went by her so fast that she suffered massive windburn.

Donald Trump: The wind was so strong as he went by her. Then he went in, he had lunch for a little while, and then the girls finished. And that was the end of the race. He broke a record by many, many -- I think 18 seconds or something like that. This is crazy. This is so demeaning to women. It's so horrible. And a lot of the young women that are being affected don't want to talk about it. They're all afraid to talk, right?

Donald Trump: They're all afraid to talk. But just as I did four years ago, I will fully uphold the Second Amendment. Our Second Amendment is under siege. We will restore free speech, and I will secure our elections. Our goal will be one day, think of this, one-day voting with paper ballots and voter ID. One day. They just had an election in France.

Donald Trump: In France, they used to have mail-in ballots in France, and it was so corrupt that they went to one-day voting with mail-in ballots. Very special paper and very good stuff. And they had 36 million people voting at 10:00. That was the end of it, 10:00, you had a winner, you had a loser. Macron won, and that's it. I mean, people went home and they worried about the next election, but there was no problems that we have where we have things that are so bad that went on and everybody knows it, and it's being adjudicated all over the place.

Donald Trump: But until we do that, Republicans must compete, and we must win. And after we do that, we're going to get things changed so that we can have honest elections here. So, in conclusion, this is what we must do to restore our country to greatness. The USA is a mess. Israel is under attack. Our economy is crashing.

Donald Trump: Inflation is out of control like just about never before. Inflation is what they call a country buster. If you look back at old-time Germany, you look back at some of the countries that suffered inflation, in some cases not as bad as ours, it breaks up the country. It's country buster time. China, Russia, Iran, and North Korea have formed together as a menacing and destructive coalition.

Donald Trump: Our currency is crashing, and we'll soon no longer be the world standard, which will be our greatest defeat in 200 years, 200 years. That'll be a defeat like no other. That will be a third-world country for us. It won't happen with me, not even a chance. Just like Russia would never have invaded Ukraine and China would not have even thought about raiding Taiwan.

Donald Trump: China's giving Taiwan very serious thought. And the whole thing with Israel, where that focus is now, they're probably looking at it even tougher. If you took the first, anything you want, five presidents -- you take the worst five presidents. And I think I can really -- I've been saying for a long time, if you took the worst five presidents and added them up, nobody would be as bad as Biden.

Donald Trump: Nobody would be close. But I really believe I could now make it 10. I could make it 10. You could take the 10 worst presidents in the history of our country, add them up, and nobody would be as bad as this crooked, horrible president that we have. And I never spoke so badly about him. You've been following me for a long time.

Donald Trump: You've heard me speak. We're really like a family, this group today, and all of MAGA, all of MAGA. The Republican Party -- look, MAGA and most of the Republican. They like to say, "Well, MAGA represents approximately 55%." No, it represents probably close to 100% of the Republican Party. But we're a failing nation.

Donald Trump: We're a nation in decline. We're a nation that's doing so badly. We've never had anything like this, and it's one thing after the other. All of these wars, we had no wars. I got out of every war. We defeated ISIS. We got out. But now, these radical left lunatics want to interfere with our elections by using law enforcement.

Donald Trump: It's totally corrupt, and we're not going to let it happen. 2024 is our final battle. It's our final battle. It's also, frankly, both ways. It'll either be the worst day in history or it'll be the best day in history. It's very simple. With you at my side, we will demolish the deep state. We will expel the warmongers from our government.

Donald Trump: We will drive out the globalists. We will cast out the communists, Marxists, and fascists. We will throw off the sick, political class that hates our country. We will route the fake news media. They're fake. Not all of them. We've got some wonderful, great professionals, but many of them, and they know they're fake.

Donald Trump: We will evict Joe Biden from the White House, and we will finish the job once and for all. Because the great silent majority is rising like never before, and under our leadership, it's our leadership, all of us together, the forgotten man and woman will be forgotten no longer. With your help, your love, and your vote, we will put America first, and we will make America great again, greater than ever before.

Donald Trump: I want to thank you, Club 47. I want to thank you. God bless you. God bless America. Thank you, everybody. Thank you very much. Thank you.