Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-campaign-rally-henderson-nevada-october-31-2024

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Wow, this is a big crowd of beautiful people. Thank you very much. [Audience chants "USA"] Thank you. Five days, five days. Oh, we're all working hard. We got to win. We can't let -- we can't let that alternative win. That would be a disaster for our country.

Donald Trump: So, I want to just say a very big hello, Nevada. We're doing great in Nevada. And I'm thrilled to be back in this beautiful state with thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots, and you are that. You are that. But I'd like to begin by asking a very simple question, very easy one. Are you better off now than you were four years ago? [Audience responds "No"] I've come today with a message of hope for all Americans.

Donald Trump: With your vote in this election, I will end inflation. I will stop the massive criminal -- and you see it. You see it, the criminal invasion, horrible, some horrible, deathly people. We're not going to allow it. They're destroying our country. We will stop it immediately. And I will bring back something that you haven't heard of for about four years.

Donald Trump: We're going to bring back the American dream. And I want to just thank you. You're going to bring it back. And that's all you really need to know. And remember, Kamala and Sleepy Joe, they broke it. I will fix it, and we'll fix it fast. And we're going to have America that's bigger, better, bolder, richer, safer, and stronger than ever before.

Donald Trump: And, you know, we're doing fantastically well in the polls, and I want to thank a man who's with us. And I said, "Joe, you got to go," because he's got some big stuff going on, and we got to win this thing. He's heard my speeches before a little bit, but you have a great governor here, Joe Lombardo. And where is Joe? Where is Joe? Thank you, Joe.

Donald Trump: Is it OK? Can he go and do some business so that we can win, and he can take care of some young people that are incredible and love him? Joe, thank you very much. You go home, Joe. Thank you. Appreciate it. Great job. Joe Lombardo, everybody. Thank you. [Applause] He's a good man. This election is a choice between whether we'll have four more years of gross incompetence and failure, or whether we'll begin the four greatest years in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: We're going to bring it back. We're going to bring it back fast. And I'm asking you to be excited about the future of our country. That's not an easy thing to do when you see these clowns, these horrible, horrible people we have, these horrible people we have running our country. I'm asking you to dream big again.

Donald Trump: Dream big again. This will be America's new golden age. That's what we're going to do, a golden age of America. Every problem facing us can be solved, but now the fate of our nation is in your hands. This is a very big state for us. This is a very big state. I love it. I'm here a lot without campaigning.

Donald Trump: But I want to tell you, this is a big one, and it looks awfully good. It looks -- I don't want to say -- just keep voting, keep voting. You got to get out and vote. On Tuesday, you have to stand up, and you have to tell Kamala that you've had enough. You can't take it anymore. She's horrible, the worst there is.

Donald Trump: She's never been -- there's never been anybody worse on the border. She's the worst. She is the worst vice president in the history of our country. Kamala, you're fired. Get the hell out of here. You're fired. The worst. Horrible, horrible. She is horrible, and she lies. Every time she gets up, she tells a lie.

Donald Trump: Donald Trump will not allow fracking. That's a first, by the way. I won't allow -- "Donald Trump will not allow drilling for oil, which is going to make us rich as hell. No, he doesn't." No, she lies about everything. IVF, she lies. I'm like the -- I feel like I'm the father of IVF. She lies about everything.

Donald Trump: She's really -- she's worse than Crooked Hillary, actually. You know, Hillary was a lot smarter, and she lied a lot, but this one lies about everything. She just makes it up as you go. We've been setting records in early voting, as you probably know. Thank you, Michael. I appreciate it. [Applause] But we can't let up.

Donald Trump: In-person early voting in your state ends tomorrow, so get out and vote. But the main thing is you got to vote. You got to get that -- Tuesday is a very special day. It's a big day, and we can close this thing out. We're leading for the first time, I think, ever, right? We're leading in early voting for the first time ever. [Applause]

Donald Trump: That's right. It never happened because, as you know, Democrats always lead in the early part, and the Republicans like to go there on Tuesday. And they like -- I understand that you want to see your ballot go into a box. I'm not even sure you see that with this craziness that we have. But we're going to get it all changed.

Donald Trump: But we're doing really well, and to be leading in early voting is unprecedented. So, that's really great. So, it's an honor. And if you can't make it tomorrow, you got to make a plan. You got to be there on Tuesday, everybody. Who has not voted? Whoa, whoa. Who has voted? Great. That is great. Wow. Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: That's great. Thank you. Look at that. Oh, I bet -- I'd like to know what casino you work for, huh? Look at that. That's great. So, those that haven't, get out and vote. Every vote counts. Thank you very much. With your help, we're going to win Nevada. We're going to defeat Kamala Harris, Kamala. And we're going to -- what are we going to do? We're going to make America great again, right? Over the past four years, Kamala has orchestrated the most egregious betrayal that any leader in American history has ever inflicted upon our people.

Donald Trump: She's violated her oath, eradicated our sovereign border, and unleashed an army of gangs and criminal migrants from prisons and jails, insane asylums, and mental institutions from all around the world, from Venezuela to the Congo. Today, I want to hear directly from a mother whose world has been absolutely shattered.

Donald Trump: This just came out, and everybody that sees it -- it's, like, devastating, and there's so many things happening like this with the illegal migrants, so many killers. We're not going to let it go on. Please watch.

Note: [Begin video clip]

Alexis Nungaray: [Video clip] Sunday night, I asked her to not stay up super late because of her coming to work with me in the morning, first, to do her summer school. She said, "OK." And I told her, "Good night, and I love you." I went to bed not realizing that that was going to be the last time I saw her. We're best friends.

Jocelyn Nungaray: [Video clip] Yeah.

Alexis Nungaray: [Video clip] Let's go shake it again. I woke up to notice she wasn't in her bed. I'm, in my heart, trying not to lose my mind because I don't know where she is. I finally remembered her phone had a location on, and her phone was pinging just two minutes down the road, right behind the skate park. I start driving to the direction the phone was being pinged at, and I see a couple cop cars with lights on.

Alexis Nungaray: [Video clip] I see yellow tape, and immediately, my heart drops and sinks to the bottom of my stomach. My daughter's hands and ankles were both bound. She was strangled to death but left with no pants. And I know in my heart she fought incredibly hard. She was not going down without a fight.

Unidentified: [Video clip] We begin with two men, we're learning, are charged with capital murder tonight accused of killing a 12-year-old girl. [Video clip] Police say these men strangled her before dumping her into that creek. Both men were in the country illegally. [Video clip] Apprehended then released by Border Patrol less than three weeks before Jocelyn's death.

Unidentified: [Video clip] The men accused of killing Jocelyn Nungaray are affiliated with the gang known for brutal violence.

Alexis Nungaray: [Video clip] Kamala Harris was in charge of immigration and our borders. If we had better border policies and not open borders and not these catch and release policies, I truly believe this all could have been prevented. Under her being vice president of this country, my daughter's life was ripped away from her. She had her entire life ahead of her.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Happy birthday, dear Jocelyn.

Alexis Nungaray: [Video clip] My daughter is six feet in the ground based off of policies that she allowed to keep. Kamala Harris did have one job, and she not only failed -- not me. She failed my daughter. She failed Jocelyn. You know, she was only 12. President Trump reached out, gave me his sincerest condolences as not a former president but just as a father, as someone who cares.

Alexis Nungaray: [Video clip] I believe Donald Trump needs to be back in office. I can at least know that my next child will be safe in this country.

Note: [End video clip]

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. So sad. Thousands of people all over our country. This is constant. These are some really tough people, some really bad people coming in. They make our criminals look like nice people. That's how tough they are. They are just so bad. The jails are being emptied into our country. Jails from the toughest countries are being opened up and let in through her stupid open-border policies.

Donald Trump: Totally unvetted, nobody knows who they are, where they come from, countries you've never even heard of. The day I take office, the migrant invasion ends, and the restoration of our country begins. [Applause] And I believe it's the biggest problem. Biden and Harris -- you can't say Harris because nobody knows who Harris is.

Donald Trump: Nobody knows. You say Harris, nobody knows who the hell she is. But -- [Audience member calls out "We love you, Trump."] Oh, that's great. Thank you, darling. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. The savages charged with brutalizing and murdering precious Jocelyn or members of the same vicious Venezuelan prison gang, Tren de Aragua, and they're taking over apartment complexes in Aurora, Colorado, where you have a governor who's petrified.

Donald Trump: He's a radical-left lunatic, and he's petrified. He doesn't know what the hell to do. He's lost. I call him a lost sheep, and he's unleashing -- they're unleashing a violent killing spree all over America. The United States is now an occupied country. Can you believe? I have to say that, the United -- we're an occupied country.

Donald Trump: They're coming in, and they're by the thousands. And they have equipment that's military-grade equipment. How do they get that? They have military-grade equipment. But it will soon be an occupied country no longer. November 5th, 2024, will be Liberation Day in America. Liberation Day. [Applause] On day 1, I will launch the largest deportation program in American history.

Donald Trump: We're going to get them out. We have no choice. I will rescue every city and town that has been invaded and conquered. They are conquering areas of our country. They are conquering. We don't know, and nobody wants to talk about it. And the fake news, of which there is a lot back there -- whoa. [Audience boos] That's a lot.

Donald Trump: They don't want to write about it. They don't want to talk about it. They don't want to -- they'll write about it after the election. They don't want to write about it now. And we'll put these vicious and bloodthirsty criminals in jail, or we'll kick them the hell out of our country. We want them out.

Donald Trump: Through our open border, Kamala Harris is also actively aiding and abetting the worst human traffickers, child smugglers, drug dealers, and bloodthirsty criminal networks on the planet. There's nobody worse than what she's catering to. They even have an app number, where to call, so they can dump off illegal migrants.

Donald Trump: They have an app. Can you believe it? They have call -- they have cell phones. They have airplanes flying over the border, loaded up with migrants that they're dropping all over our country. The cartels' profits have soared from relatively minor numbers to $13 billion from human trafficking alone under Border Czar.

Donald Trump: She doesn't want to call -- be called Border Czar. She was the Border Czar, but you know what? She was in charge of the border. And by the way, the Border Patrol, they endorsed me very strongly. [Applause] They even said I was the greatest president in the history of our country. Now, I said, "Does that include -- does that include Abraham Lincoln? Does that include the great George Washington?" They said, "You're the best president, and you're the best president on the border. We had the best border."

Donald Trump: Drop that, please. Drop my all-time favorite graph. Do you mind? I love this. I sleep with this. I kiss it. I kiss it. Oh, that saved my life, I guess. Without that graph, I wouldn't be here right now. I looked over to my right very quickly, and I noticed there was a little problem, a little bit of a problem.

Donald Trump: Lunatics. We got lunatics out there. But that says it. The last day that I was in office was the arrow on the bottom. That was the lowest day in the history of our country for illegal immigration. That was done by the Border Patrol and ICE. And then it became like an Elon Musk rocket ship. Look at that.

Donald Trump: Look at what happened. That was the lowest day we've ever had in terms of illegal immigration. By the way, the drugs were equally low. The whole thing was so good. All that guy had to do is leave it. He went to the beach all the time, right? He could have gone to the beach, but he went to the beach, but they made changes instead.

Donald Trump: Remain in Mexico. I got things that nobody could come into our country. They had to remain in Mexico. Mexico. I think Tijuana might have been the fastest-growing town in the history of the world, hundreds of thousands of people. But they weren't in our country. And we want people to come in, but we want them to come in legally, right? We want people to come in, but they have to come in legally.

Donald Trump: We don't want murderers and drug dealers, and we don't want them to open their prisons. Think of it. They're opening their prisons and dumping them on us. But every day, they're stealing innocent lives on both sides of the border, both sides. Just days ago, a young U.S. Marine Corps veteran named Nicholas Quets from Arizona was driving through Mexico very routinely, who would think this could happen, for a beach weekend with his great friends.

Donald Trump: Everybody loved him. He had a lot of friends. When he was viciously gunned down on the highway and murdered by members of a Mexican cartel. And we're joined today by Nick's wife, Karime; his father, Douglas; his mother, Patricia; his sister, Alexis; and his brother-in-law, Phil. And they're beautiful people.

Donald Trump: And if they'd like to come up, I'd love to have them, just to honor their beautiful boy. I'd love to have them. Come on up. Oh, good. That's great. [Applause] This is a great family, a perfect family. And what happened to them should happen to nobody.

Doug Quets: So, unscripted, I really wasn't planning on being here. Two weeks ago, I was a completely apolitical actor. Anybody outside my own home wouldn't have known who I would have voted for. Today, the situation changed for me last two weeks ago, Friday. My son was murdered by cowards, shot in the back on the way to the beach in Mexico.

Doug Quets: The reason I bring that up -- and some people will question, why was he in Mexico? He was in Mexico, going to pursue his life, enjoy his life. We grew up as a military family, had been around the water. He loved it. We don't have Arizona beach, so we call Rocky Point Arizona's beach. A lot of people go there.

Doug Quets: Hundreds of thousands a year, I think, transit there. Plenty of Americans own property down there. So, that happened. We got the call from the State Department, very professional, that night. No news in the United States to speak of. Sunday, still no news. Monday, still no news, other than the very most local level with no publication, tried to get in contact with elected leaders, heard nothing.

Doug Quets: Tuesday, reached out to my local representative. He put me in contact with Senator Vance. Senator Vance coincidentally was coming to Tucson for a speech that day. I can't imagine how busy Senator Vance and President Trump are running their campaign. Senator Vance asked for two minutes to talk to him.

Doug Quets: And, you know, I've met in my line of work -- and I'm actually still a current federal employee. That's one of the reasons I've stayed apolitical. I'm a 20-year military retiree. So, I've dedicated my entire life to this country and doing -- [Applause] My son, who was murdered, is a four-year military veteran of the United States Marine Corps.

Doug Quets: He did -- he worked on vertical assault from the Ospreys, so he'd fast rope out of helicopters. My daughter is actually a drilling army reservist, and my son-in-law recently medically retired due to issues sustained on active duty. So, our family is a military family with generations and generations of service. [Applause]

Doug Quets: I bring these things up as an apolitical actor and somebody who struggled, the kind of Americans many are, who probably sit around their table and say, "Who are we going to vote for?" Go back and forth, decide what we think is important. And we struggle on that, and we actually pray on it. And many people ask me, how can I stand up here today, 13 days after my son was killed, and talk in front of groups? And it is through the grace of God, and I do believe in God and a higher being. [Applause]

Doug Quets: I do believe -- I do believe my son, Nicholas, has given me the power to be here, has given my wife the power to be here, has given my daughter -- Karime, who is Nick's wife; and my son-in-law, Philip. And Philip has done such a great job. So, now I have one living son, and that is Phil, because one was stolen by the cartel.

Doug Quets: So, when I met with Senator Vance -- and because I am apolitical, I have met many political -- many leaders up to the level of National Security Council, plenty of times working different issues for this government. I asked him a question, and I said, "Sir, before we talk, I need to know if I'm speaking to the candidate, the senator, or the Marine."

Doug Quets: And he said, "I'm JD. I need you to tell me what I can do for you, and you tell me what you can do for me." And he meant it as a way of helping him to help me. So, JD Vance was awesome. I asked for 90 seconds. He gave me 15 minutes. [Applause] The very next morning -- [Audience member calls out "We can't hear you."]

Doug Quets: Better? [Audience responds affirmatively] The very next morning and after having tried to reach my elected officials for five days, President Trump's office called me. President Trump, in the fight of his life, offered to meet with us. President Trump gave me 15 minutes of his time to talk about what we could do.

Doug Quets: I asked him for some things, and he helped. I asked him, A, for U.S. involvement, and we know he's candidate Trump right now, and there is a seated president. I asked for U.S. involvement in the investigation with the Mexicans. I asked for extradition of the killers after I found out, under the current U.

Doug Quets: S. code, not all can be extradited, only if they're tied to RICO activities. In this case, they probably are tied to RICO activities. They are probably coming back, but I'll defer all questions on his investigation to the FBI. And I asked for a working policy in Mexico. In my career, I worked in -- one of the things I worked on was Plan Colombia, very similar situation in security as to what we have in Mexico today.

Doug Quets: It was supported by Senator Biden. That's out in public record. You can look at it. We have no working policy with Mexico right now. Count the numbers of illegal immigrants, whether they're private, whether they're dangerous or not dangerous, and you'll see a number of about 25 million crossing back and forth.

Doug Quets: And then when somebody says, "Why was Nick in Mexico," my son was an hour from our house when he was executed by cowards. That's how close it is. But it is a national security challenge, not a local border state challenge. We have this type of things with Tren de Aragua and Ms-13, anybody else you want to name, plus unnamed criminal organizations.

Doug Quets: The cartels, they operate with impunity in Mexico. They've infiltrated every level of their government. The local police are helpless because they're not properly equipped. State police, a little bit better, and then the federal. But we need to work with the Mexicans on this to go forward. So, what I'm leaving you with, and I'll give this back to President Trump, to whom you came to listen, not me, is this.

Doug Quets: For most of us in this room, and honestly, I would not have been in this room because I wouldn't have been political two weeks ago, you know who you're going to vote for. But for the soundbite and the people looking at this, after 12 days, I received a phone call from Senator Mark Kelly. That was the 12th day.

Doug Quets: And he was gracious, and he offered his condolences. And I told him, "Sir, I appreciate that," because I'm a respectful person, and I'll work with anybody. But what I want is sponsorship of a couple of things. One is change to U.S. code so that if people are -- committed crime against U.S. persons, especially murder, they are brought back here to face our justice. [Applause]

Doug Quets: Number two is legislation that is enacted that takes us someplace closer to Plan Mexico that will institute not only military capability but also institution building. And if we break out the numbers of what it costs, we can do that for much less than we spend on illegal immigrants, and we can make both sides of the border secure.

Doug Quets: People are coming here. Some come from economic, and we talk about that. But many of those people are actually fleeing due to the insecurity in their own country. If we can help them, we can help ourselves. Senator Kelly, and as I said -- so this is bipartisan, but we need a leader who can enact it, and the leader is standing right next to me because he's promised to enact it.

Doug Quets: Bipartisan. And I will tell you, President Trump, former President Trump, however you want to name him, and I had some really good conversations that -- we had conversations between ourselves, two men looking at each other. The man had a tear in his eye when he saw the picture of my son, and the person that those -- that are on the -- that are not -- have not committed and don't know, he's a decent man.

Doug Quets: He tried to help us, and he promised to help us. He also made a promise to me. That will be between the two of us. But if he's elected, I do believe he'll keep it. Sir, I can't thank you enough -- sir, I can't thank you enough for what you've done for my family in terms of calling attention to this. It was unreported in the media.

Doug Quets: Go back and check, for anybody who looks, and I will tell you -- and importantly -- [Audience boos] and importantly, like I said, Senator -- our Governor Walz was in Arizona last Saturday. He had a convention. We tried to go. We asked to go. I've got electronic proof of it, so we can show pictures. They've already been released to the media.

Doug Quets: We're told it was full. It was in a high school auditorium. And we weren't allowed to speak with him. So, when you wonder about where America really is and what the stories are, you don't have to wonder anymore. The man next to me and his vice presidential nominee, a current seated senator, both met with me within 36 hours of asking, and both took up the cause. [Applause]

Doug Quets: And for any troll that is out there and says, "Your son shouldn't have been in Mexico," if it's safe for 25 million people to come here, how can it not be safe for my son to go an hour south of the border? And for the trolls that say we're politicizing my son's death, I will tell you to go to the root of the word.

Doug Quets: It is the policy that contributed to my son being killed. It is the policy that's contributing to the death of other Americans. Just like the video you saw, that young lady, it is the policy that's contributing to fentanyl coming into the United States. Those are political failures, and we need to end them. Thank you for your time. [Applause]

Patricia Quets: I'm asking you, help us get justice for Nicholas.

Donald Trump: [Audience chants "Nicholas" and "Fight"] That's incredible. And frankly, to do that, to be able to do that literally just a few days after this horrible event happened is pretty amazing, I'll tell you. We'll take care of it. We're going to take care of it. We're going to get that guy. We're going to get him.

Donald Trump: We're going to get him. They know who he is. Can you believe it? They know who he is. Nothing's done. Mexico's going to give him to us. Mexico is going to give him to us. They have to. They have to. It's going to be real easy. When I'm president, we're going to put the drug smugglers and human traffickers -- we're going to put them right out of business.

Donald Trump: They're killing hundreds of thousands of people in our country. You know, if we had a war, it wouldn't be as bad as this. Hundreds of thousands of people a year are being killed. To expedite removals of the Tren de Aragua savage gangs, I will invoke the Alien Enemies Act of 1798 to target and dismantle every migrant criminal network operating on American soil.

Donald Trump: And if they come back into our country, it's an automatic 10 years in jail with no possibility of parole. And I'm hereby calling for the death penalty for any migrant that kills an American citizen or a law enforcement officer. [Audience chants "USA"] And I will immediately ban all sanctuary cities in the United States of America, sanctuaries for criminals.

Donald Trump: As we secure our border, we will bring back our economy. And very simply, I will make America affordable again because it's not affordable anymore. They've destroyed it with -- they have destroyed it with this inflation, this horrible inflation, the worst ever in our country. Kamala Harris cast the deciding votes that launched the worst inflation of your lifetime.

Donald Trump: She cost the typical American family over $30,000 in higher prices. You look at your food bills. You look at the cost of food items. You know, more people tell me about groceries. The word grocery, I've heard it more in the last year than any other word, I think. I think I've heard it more than any other word other than -- other than the word garbage.

Donald Trump: Garbage. How stupid is a man to say that, right? How stupid is a man to say that? But she believes it, too. I'd love to hear that conversation now. Oh, boy. But now, Kamala wants to raise taxes on the typical American family by an average of $5,000 a year. Kamala also launched a war on tip workers, good place to talk about it, and service workers right here in Nevada, increasing the so-called tip allocation tax rate by 60 percent.

Donald Trump: That's why you don't hear them talking about no tax on tips. They don't talk about it because they're going just the opposite. In other words, even after Kamala wrecked your economy with inflation, she came after your tip income like a vulture would do, actually. She doesn't understand it. She doesn't know what it means.

Donald Trump: She has no sense of economics, none whatsoever. If she gets four more years, Kamala Harris will pick your pockets bare. You will have -- we will not have a country. Everyone will flee our -- our companies are going to flee. People don't realize, these companies, these big, beautiful companies, they're run by international businesspeople.

Donald Trump: They don't live here. Many of them live in Switzerland and Sweden and lots of other countries. They don't mind. They don't even think about it. They'll take these companies out of here so fast. It's a mass charge to see who can get what company. And they want to go, and they'll go. They don't care. They have no loyalty to our country.

Donald Trump: We have to keep them here by being smart, not stupid. I will massively cut taxes for workers and small businesses, and we will have no tax on tips, no tax on overtime, and no tax on Social Security benefits for our great seniors. And I will support a tax credit for family caregivers who take care of our parents or a loved one.

Donald Trump: You know, if we didn't have that, if we didn't have the angel moms and -- lots of different names, but the angel moms is an example. If we didn't have them, the great wife that takes care of her husband who was badly wounded and vice versa, by the way, but if we didn't have that -- caregivers, they really take care.

Donald Trump: We wouldn't have enough hospitals if we doubled the size of our hospital rooms. If we doubled it up, we wouldn't have enough hospitals to take care of our country. And now, of course, what's happening is you go to towns and cities all over the country. You can't have a hospital anyway because the migrants have literally taken over the beds.

Donald Trump: They've taken over the schools. They've taken over your -- your son has a seat in school, and he no longer has it because a migrant is giving -- they're giving him -- actually, they're saying, "You go first. The migrants go first." Migrants go first. Look at what's happening. Look at what's happening all over the country.

Donald Trump: The schools are bursting at the seams. The hospitals are a disaster. You go to the hospital, you have a problem, you can't get in. I will end Kamala's war on American energy, and we will drill, baby, drill. We're going to drill, baby, drill. And I'll terminate her Green New Scam, one of the greatest scams in the history of our country, devised by a person who never even took an environmental course.

Donald Trump: You know who that is, right? AOC plus three. [Audience boos] Remember what she said? Twelve years. Well, the 12 years has pretty much come up, Mr. Congressman, right? Matt, right? The 12 years has come and gone. "We weren't going to be around anymore after 12 years." This is a young lady who -- I don't know if she's having a lot of fun or what.

Donald Trump: But, boy, I watched those senators. They were there for a long time. I watched them. "So, yeah, yeah, that's right. That's right." You know what her real goal is? $93 trillion. They don't want any more windows in apartments. No more windows. They'd like every building in Manhattan to be taken down and build a building with no windows in it.

Donald Trump: You have to be one of the greatest salesmen in the world to sell one of those apartments. I guess I have it wrong. I've always been known for having the biggest windows. I got a -- I want those windows to be so big, right down to the bottom of the floor. And the bigger they are, the better they sell.

Donald Trump: That's just the way it is. I got to change my whole philosophy if you don't vote me in because I'll go back to building crazy buildings now, and I won't be able to use windows anymore. No, they actually -- they don't want windows. They don't want cows. They don't want anything. They don't know what they want, actually.

Donald Trump: And I will cut your energy prices in half within 12 months. We're going to cut it in half. We have liquid gold. And then everything else is going to come down. It was energy that brought it up. It's going to be energy that brings it down. They screwed up that energy policy. We had it down to nothing, and then they snapped it back.

Donald Trump: They said, "We're not going to win an election." The prices, remember, they're going through crazy, then they got it back almost to my level. But see, my level wasn't right because I would have been four times that level by then, and I will be four times or five times the level very soon. Despite all of the damage she's caused, Kamala has spent the final week of her campaign comparing her political opponents to the most evil mass murderers in history.

Donald Trump: And two days ago, Joe Biden called our supporters garbage. Garbage. [Audience boos] That's nasty. I think that's worse than deplorables, right? How did that work out for Hillary? I think this is going to work out even worse. And they mean it. They mean it, even though without question, my supporters are far higher-quality than Crooked Joe or Lyin' Kamala.

Donald Trump: Well, look. Look at that. Look at that. That's -- they had nobody like that. My response to Joe and Kamala is very simple. You can't lead America if you don't love Americans. You just can't do. You can't do it. You can't be president if you hate the American people, and they do hate it. They hate the American people.

Donald Trump: Who would have an open-border policy where prisons and jails and penitentiaries are allowed to freely walk into our country, where gang members have taken off the streets of Caracas, Venezuela and dumped into our country? We don't even know their names. We know nothing about them. They are free to roam.

Donald Trump: They call it free to roam. Congratulations. You are free to roam. And they killed four people. You know, it's crazy, the 13,000-plus that we have, the killers. These are murderers from jails. Can you believe that? These were all murderers, convicted murderers in jail, in prison, and we know nothing about them.

Donald Trump: In fact, we don't even know where they are, but they're out there someplace. I'm sure we have a few of them. Welcome. I'm sure we have a few of them sitting right -- sitting -- this can give you a little bit of the yips, right? You're sitting down now, and you don't know whether or not the guy next to you killed five people.

Donald Trump: No, we're going to get them out of here. We're going to get them out fast. We're going to get them out fast. And our local police are going to be activated. And if we had the cooperation from the fake news, which you don't, it would happen relatively quickly. We're going to be able to do it. Now, our local police, let me tell you, they know every one of them.

Donald Trump: They know their middle name. They know everything about them. They know what country they come from. They know everything. But they're told to stand back. Don't touch them. Don't do anything. Stand back. They don't want to stand back. Just like Border Patrol. They go crazy when they see these people pouring in, and they can look at them, and they can see trouble.

Donald Trump: They go trouble, trouble, trouble, trouble, no trouble, trouble, trouble. They can look at them, and they can see good or bad. Kamala Harris is not fit to be president of the United States. She doesn't have the intellect, the stamina, or that special quality that real leaders have to have. She doesn't have any quality leadership.

Donald Trump: She shouldn't even be there. He got 14 million votes. Look, I'm not a fan, but we had a debate. He didn't do great. His numbers went down. Big deal. They went to see him, and they say, "You can't win. You're out." This is -- you know, we call them a threat to democracy. They look at me, I'm a threat to democracy.

Donald Trump: I am the least threat. I'm the one saving our democracy. [Applause] No. Crazy Nancy, she's crazy as a bedbug. She walked in, and she starts screaming at him. "You're out of here. You're out of here. Get out of here." And, you know, it's amazing, her and some of her friends. And yet with Nancy, she was a big owner of Visa stock.

Donald Trump: She started off with nothing, and now she's worth $200 million, they say. But listen to this -- with her husband, with her husband. What was that all about, anyway? That was -- that was a weird deal. What was that all about? So, she's got the husband, and they buy stock. And she was a big owner in -- I believe it was Visa, big owner, big position.

Donald Trump: And we didn't know this, but Visa, it was going to be announced the following day that Visa was under major federal criminal investigation, and Nancy sold all of her stock in Visa the day before that came out. [Audience boos] I don't know. It sounds a little bad. What do you think, Michael? A little bit -- a little bit shaky? She said it was by strictly coincidence.

Donald Trump: She said it was by coincidence. No. Well -- but I don't see the press. Did you guys read about that at all? I don't think so, huh? [Audience boos] Joe Biden's comments were the direct result of Kamala's decision to portray everyone who isn't voting for her as an evil and even subhuman person. And we know it's what they believe because look at how they've treated you.

Donald Trump: They treat you -- they do treat you like garbage. They really do. For the last nine years, Kamala and her party have called us racists, bigots, fascists, deplorables, irredeemables, even Nazis. And they called me Hitler. You know, my father was a great guy. He was a strong guy but a good guy with a big heart, strong but really a warm guy.

Donald Trump: Whenever we walked down the street, we'd come sometimes into Manhattan, that was a big treat, and we'd see -- in those days, you don't see that anymore. Now, you see it at a very much higher -- at a scarier level, frankly. They put a gun in your ribs, and they say, "Give me what you have." But they used to hold tin cups out.

Donald Trump: And he'd always walk by, and he'd always put $100 in it. Anytime he saw it, he'd put $100 in. You know, that was like $1,000 today, maybe more. I said, "That's nice." I always remembered it. It's nice. But, you know, he told me once -- I don't even know in what reference, but he said, "Never use the name Nazi. You don't use that name. Do you understand me? And never use the name Hitler. You don't have to say Hitler. Don't ever say Hitler. Do you understand?"

Donald Trump: And now, I'm being accused of being Hitler by these lunatics out there that have lost control of our country. Our country is a -- we're riddled with crime. Every city, you take a look at it, it's falling apart. They smell. They're dirty. They're criminal-ridden. You take a look at what's happened to our great cities.

Donald Trump: It's a -- it's a shame. And, you know, a city -- and I hate to say it. I hurt myself. I have property there, San Francisco. I have a lot of property in California. It hurts me, but I don't care about this. What -- look, I was -- to be president is a big deal, so I don't give a damn about my property, but I own big property in San Francisco.

Donald Trump: San Francisco -- now I lose another 25 million by this statement. That's what -- San Francisco is almost unlivable, and it's because of her. She was the DA who destroyed San Francisco. She then became the attorney general, and she destroyed -- along with Gavin Newscum, one of the worst governors in history. [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: She destroyed California. More people moved out last year than moved in. First time that's ever happened. I mean, they have the best weather, in all fairness. In all fairness, they have the most incredible weather. And they have the beautiful ocean. They have the beaches. They have everything. And you got to work hard to screw that up, but he's done it.

Donald Trump: He's done it. You know, they just passed a law on voter ID. Do you know that? That not only don't they have voter ID, but it's against the law for you to ask somebody for voter ID. [Audience boos] So, if you work at one of the very few places that would even have the consequence of asking -- because there are no places -- you know, they just mail out millions of ballots, and they come mail back in.

Donald Trump: They don't know where the hell they're going, although they have a pretty good idea. They tend to go to Democrat neighborhoods a little bit more. But they mail out, like, 38 million ballots, and then they get mailed back in. They shovel them with shovels into cans and bullshit because -- I'll tell you what, if I ran in college -- you know, I went to California with a family of our great congressman and his wife, Ginger, who's incredible.

Donald Trump: Matt Gaetz, Mrs. Gaetz. And their family had a little event in a beautiful part of California, and nobody could believe -- you couldn't even get on the streets. It looked like Lindbergh just arrived on Broadway. It was so crazy. We would do -- with a fair count, we would do great in California with the right guy.

Donald Trump: Now, me, I would do great because Hispanics like me. I'm glad they love me. They should love me, and I love them. But I would do great if we had an honest vote. I always say if God came down just for one day to be the vote counter, in other words, we had -- I would win in California. I would. [Applause] That's a disgrace what happens.

Donald Trump: Think of it. They send out millions and millions and millions of ballots. They go out. They come back. You know, it's interesting. When you go to a legitimate place like in Florida, they've done a very good job. But I go into Palm Beach. I go in. They say, "Sir, I know who you are. I mean, I fully understand who you are. You're the president. But, sir, could I see your identification?"

Donald Trump: And I say, "You're doing the right thing." I actually say, "Don't be embarrassed." You know, they're very embarrassed. "Sir, I mean, I don't know how to ask, but could I see it?" I say, "Yeah. Here." "Oh, thank you, sir. I thought it was you." I thought -- no, they feel good. And then they give you a paper, and you sign the paper, and you put on whoever you're voting for.

Donald Trump: Maybe there's a bond issue or something, and you do a check, and they're watching. And then you sign. They walk you over to, essentially, a container, but it could be in the form of a machine. The fewer machines you have, the better, by the way. The fewer you have -- you know, Elon Musk told me -- he's the greatest.

Donald Trump: I would say -- you've got to say, in terms of computer, I would say he's probably about as good as you get. And, you know, I watched that big rocket come in two weeks ago. It came in. That sucker was going to crash. I said, "No, don't let it crash." I tell the story. I was talking to a very important person on the phone, very important, and I'm watching the screen.

Donald Trump: It's muted. There's no sound, but I see this -- seeing live. And at first, I thought it might be like a space-type movie, you know, some kind of a crazy movie. But this rocket comes in, and it's all burned. You know, it's coming down at 10,000 miles an hour or some crazy speed, and it's just like on fire.

Donald Trump: But now, it's like the size of a 22-story building. That's pretty big, right? And it's coming in, and I'm talking to this guy, and I say, "Do me a favor. Hold it just for a second, OK? I got to watch this." I put the phone down. I never picked it back up. Can you believe it? And because I'm president, but more importantly, because I may be president, he held on for 45 minutes.

Donald Trump: The guy held on. You know, if I wasn't president or if I had no potential to be president, he would have hung up in the first 30 seconds. But I picked it up like 45 minutes later. I said, "Hello? Hello?" "Hello, President." Very important guy. Everybody heard of him. I felt so badly, but one of those things that I was fascinated.

Donald Trump: So, I see this massive 22-story ship coming down, and you have the gantry or whatever the hell they call it nowadays and a ship, and it's coming too fast. And I'm saying, "Oh, no. Don't do that. I don't want to see it crash." And I didn't know it was Elon. I assumed it might be. I mean, why not? He has everything else.

Donald Trump: But the ship is coming down, and then I see the bottom is going to hit that gantry. And then I see an explosion of fire, pushes it like that. Just perfect. The fire's all over the place. The whole thing is burning. The smoke, I never saw anything like it. Then boom. And then the arms come out. And just like you do your beautiful little baby, you grab that sucker, and it was secure. [Applause]

Donald Trump: I said, "It's the most incredible thing I've ever seen." It was going to crash. The thing, the fire, and everything, just computer, right? It was all -- I called up Elon. I said, "Elon -- " You know, he gave us the greatest endorsement. He said it's the most important election we've ever had. Do you know where he is right now? He's campaigning in Pennsylvania.

Donald Trump: Can you believe it? With all he's got to do because he thinks it's the most important thing he can do. But I said, "Elon, was that you? The rocket, was that you, Elon?" I called him up. "Hello?" And I said, "How are you doing, Elon?" "OK. What's up?" I said, "Elon, was that you with the rocket?" "Yeah."

Donald Trump: And I said, "You're unbelievable." I said, "Can Russia do that?" "No." "Why not?" "They don't have the knowledge, and they never will." I said, "Can China do that?" "No." I said, "Why not?" "Because I have the knowledge, and they don't. It would take them 10 years before they can do that." I said, "Can the U.S. do it outside of you?"

Donald Trump: No. I said, "That's why I like this guy. That's why I like this guy." Hello, Mr. Senator. I just see you there. The Barrasso man, he's one of the greatest people. What a great -- I didn't know you were going to be -- I'm very impressed. I guess Sam Brown must be doing very well for you to be here, huh? We got the leader of the Senate.

Donald Trump: We got the leader of the Senate here, and I know it's not for me. So, it has to be for Sam Brown, right? Thank you. Thank you. Senator Barrasso, he's unbelievable guy, and Sam is unbelievable. And we're going to get to him in two seconds, and he really is -- by the way, you know, I do the weave, right? You know the weave? It's genius.

Donald Trump: It's genius. I can go here, but it's always related, maybe sometimes just a little tiny bit, but I can like -- here, over there because I look. I see them. I say, "Whoa, there's a senator, one of the biggest senators, maybe the most powerful guy." Because Mitch doesn't have it anymore. No, he may be the most powerful guy in the Senate, and I'm very impressed with you, Sam.

Donald Trump: That's pretty good. That's pretty good. But nobody has given up more, right? Nobody has given up more who's run for the U.S. Senate than Sam Brown. Nobody. And we should put him in office. Nobody has given up what he's given. Defending us, defending us. And he's running against a horrible person, a radical-left lunatic.

Donald Trump: But nobody's given up what that man has given up. And I say it, and he might not even like me to say it, but I say it because it's true. Nobody has given up ever, ever, that's ever run for the U.S. Senate. And I just hope he gets in, and he's very close. I saw a poll. You're right there, neck and neck.

Donald Trump: Nice of you there, Barrasso. That's great. But they bullied you. They've demonized you. They've demeaned you. They've censored us. They've de-platformed us. You know, they took me -- I had 280 million between Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter. And one day, I woke up, and I had nobody. Think of that. They took them all away from me.

Donald Trump: No, think of that. And I have a lot of things to say. I have a lot of good things to say, at least I think they're good. And I didn't know what the hell to do. And I went about two months, and I had all this stuff, and my mind is ready to explode because I can't tell people. And then what happens, I did what's called an old-fashioned -- most of you are too young.

Donald Trump: There's a couple of guys here that's fine. They know. They've heard it. But I did what's called an old-fashioned press release, and I do a press release, and I put it out, and it got better and better. Save America. It was called Save America, and people loved it. And then I created Truth. Think of this, Truth.

Donald Trump: And it's hot as a pistol now. So, think of it. Somebody said -- a very smart guy, a Wall Street genius, he said to me, "You know, think of it. They hated you so much that they took you away from..." I had like 280. I know Mark Zuckerberg said I'm No. 1. No. 1, think of that. He came to the White House, and he's actually been very nice to me, I must say.

Donald Trump: But he came to the White House. He said, "Congratulations, you're No. 1." But on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter then -- they called it Twitter. Now, they call it X but under a different regime. And it's great that Elon bought that. He's done us all a big favor because these were bad people. But -- so this friend of mine who's a great natural businessperson, he viewed it differently.

Donald Trump: I said, "Can you imagine what they did?" But think of what happened. They de-platformed me, just like I said. They took my voice away. I then came up with a press release, and the press release went crazy. It was like almost as hot -- I may be just as hot. But then I said I got to open up some kind of equipment or machinery.

Donald Trump: I got to do it like, you know, I want to do it. So, I couldn't do it then because they wouldn't even talk. They wanted me -- they wanted my voice silenced. So, I created Truth and, it's really good. It's very expensive to do that. You know, it's expensive stuff between the clouds and all the other crap that I had to learn about that I wasn't interested in.

Donald Trump: I got a cloud I got everything. But this guy said to me the other day, he said, "Think about it. They de-platform you. They take your voice away. They want to destroy you. So, you, in a moment of weakness, develop your own source of information, and you do it at a high level. And you get great engineers, but it's still expensive, and you put it out, and then you open it up. And it's called Truth. And they said you couldn't get the name Truth because it was -- somebody else had to own it."

Donald Trump: And I said, "Check." They said, "Sir, you'll never get the name Truth, sir. That's a term that you will never get." I said -- and you ideally need five letters, right? I said, "Wouldn't truth be great?" They said, "Sir, you won't get it. You won't get it." I said, "Check." "Sir, I will. But, sir, you're not going to get it."

Donald Trump: I said, "Check." And they came back. "Sir, it was available, and we bought it for $2,000." Can you believe it? $2,000. And then it had a little burst. I don't know what the hell's going on. So, here's my friend. He said, "So, they de-platform you. They take it all away. They try and destroy you, and you open up something."

Donald Trump: And as of yesterday, it was worth 10 billion crazy dollars. Did you see that? $10 billion, Mr. Senator. And they're going crazy. They all have Trump Derangement Syndrome. They're going -- can you imagine how they must feel? They take it away, and you open something that's worth $10 million? It's crazy, but it's good.

Donald Trump: And by the way, use Truth. It's great. It really is. It's great. They've taken your money and thrown open your borders to criminals and terrorists, flooded your towns with deadly drugs and death, and given your jobs to illegal migrants and sent our blood and treasure to fight stupid foreign wars in places and countries that you've never even heard of.

Donald Trump: This Tuesday is your chance to stand up and declare that you are not going to take it anymore. You're not going to take it anymore. What we've built is the biggest, broadest, most incredible coalition and the greatest political movement, by far, in American history. And by the way, I say that all the time.

Donald Trump: They've never challenged it. They can't challenge it. It's not even close. By the way, it's 100 times, 200 times greater than anything. There's never been anything like this. I always tell the story. Pat Buchanan was a great guy, conservative commentator. He came in second in New Hampshire, and he became very famous, and he had a phenomenal career because he came in second.

Donald Trump: I came in first in 50 states, think of it, for the nomination, first in 50 states. And then we went on to win the presidency of the United States, and then we wanted a second time. But I guess we're going to have to do it a third time. We're going to do it a third time. And it's going to be if we do it together because it's not me.

Donald Trump: It's all of us. It's us together. It's we. It'll be the greatest event in the history of politics in America. I believe that. There'll be nothing ever like it. And we're going to straighten out our country, and we're going to make America great again. It's going to be amazing. Five days. Oh, I can't wait.

Donald Trump: You know what? I've worked for 62 days in a row. I haven't taken a day off. And by the way, I looked at her today. She was trying to justify the fact that they called us all garbage, and I watched her at a news conference. She's exhausted. She's finished. And about two weeks ago, after having worked for, like, you know, 50 days in a row, two weeks ago, she said -- I canceled the show.

Donald Trump: You know why I canceled it? Because it was on NBC Fake News. I said -- somebody set me up. I said, "I don't want to do it." And I went to another show instead. She said, "He canceled the show." I did Joe Rogan for three hours, you know. Joe Rogan for three hours. She said, "He canceled the show. He looks very tired. He looks very, very tired,"

Donald Trump: because I canceled the show, did another one. No, I cancel shows that are no good. NBC is no good. They're no good. ABC is no good. CBS is no good. And in fact, in honor of you, I just sued CBS today because of "60 Minutes." [Applause] You know why I sued them? Because she was on, and it was called election interference fraud.

Donald Trump: Very simple. They asked her a question. She gave an answer as though she was one of the dumber people in the history of our country, certainly the dumbest vice president and would be beyond the dumbest president. But we're not going to let that happen. So, she gave one of these -- you know, they call it a word salad, but I don't like the term.

Donald Trump: I don't like the term. No, I don't like the term. I think you're very nice, but I don't like the term. She came dressed as a word salad. Do you believe it? And he came dressed as a wall. Look. And I have no idea who she is, but she's a very pretty young lady. OK. Sit down. So, she answered a question.

Donald Trump: It was a question. She gave this long, crazy -- if you read the answer, you would say there's something wrong with her. So, you know what "60 Minutes" did? Can you imagine them doing that for me? They took the -- it was a very long answer. She just went on and on, just words, didn't mean anything. "60 Minutes" and CBS cut it all out, and they took another answer for a meaningless question, and they put it up there.

Donald Trump: You know that, right? They put it up there. They took it, and they put it up, and they replaced an answer that would show that she's not qualified cognitively, as I would like to say. I think she should take a cognitive test. She's not qualified. They took it out in its entirety, and they took another answer from someplace else, and they put it in.

Donald Trump: That's called election interference fraud, OK? So, we sued them today. And I think CBS should lose its license, but I think ABC should lose its license also because of what they've done. We'll see. It's a hard one for them to explain. Well, let's say we have a fair judge. Well, exactly why did you do that? I mean, it's -- you know, I've seen where answers are sort of juggled around.

Donald Trump: That's not good either, but a little tiny -- but to take the whole thing out and to take another answer from a totally different question and a totally different part and move it in -- and they got caught. And they don't want to show us any papers because they might have done it with many other answers.

Donald Trump: And that's real interference. So, now we don't have to lock them up. They should lose their license, which is worth billions of dollars. But we brought together veterans and union members, soldiers and steelworkers, farmers and autoworkers, and patriotic moms and dads of every race, religion, color, and creed.

Donald Trump: We're welcoming historic numbers of African Americans, Hispanic Americans, Asian Americans, and Arab Americans. Did you see, in Michigan, how well we're doing with the Arab Americans? That's great. That's good because we have a real good chance. We're leading in Michigan. We're leading in Pennsylvania.

Donald Trump: We're leading all over the place. We're leading here. We're leading in Arizona by eight. A great poll just came out. We're leading by eight. We're leading all over the place. But we're uniting Christians and Jews, Catholics and Evangelicals, Muslims and Mormons, and everyone who simply wants to do one thing.

Donald Trump: It's one simple thing they want to do. You know what it is? Make America great again. [Applause] So, our campaign has been endorsed by the 400,000 members of the Fraternal Order of Police, by the Border Patrol agents, by the rank-and-file membership of the Teamsters. And I'll tell you, headed up by a very good guy, Sean O'Brien.

Donald Trump: Good guy. By Elon Musk. Well, we have so many. Yesterday, Elon, that's a great one. He feels it's so important. That guy, he's a worker, too. I'll tell you, he's working every single -- he's actually liking it. I hope he doesn't run for office. I don't want to run against -- but no, he's really working.

Donald Trump: He's amazing. And, you know, yesterday, we were in Wisconsin, Green Bay, Wisconsin. So, who is Green Bay, Wisconsin? Brett Favre with the largest hand I've ever seen. He said, "Hello, sir." He shook my hand. His fingers are like a sausage. He's the biggest hands and strong guy, great guy. And he endorsed me yesterday in Wisconsin.

Donald Trump: He's never done it before. [Applause] And he's great. He's a great guy. He can throw a ball 80 yards. He could rip the -- he could rip the hand. Sometimes, he threw it a little too hard. It rips the hands off the receiver. But he was great, one of the greatest. Robert F. Kennedy, Jr., we have. And he's going to work on health and women's health and all of the different reasons because we're not really a wealthy or a healthy country.

Donald Trump: We're not. We're not. Actually, we're not a wealthy country either. We have 36 trillion, but we'll get that taken -- you know what's going to take care of that largely? The liquid gold is going to help us with that. That's why I told Bobby, "Bobby, I want you to take care of health. I want you to look at the food and the food supply and what we put on the food and all sorts. You can look at -- but let me handle the oil and gas, Bobby. Just leave me alone. Leave me alone. Leave me alone. I want to work the liquid gold."

Donald Trump: And Buzz Aldrin endorsed us yesterday. Never done it. He's been a great hero and an astronaut for many years. He's never endorsed anybody. This is the first time in -- not a young guy. This is the first time in many years that -- first time he's ever endorsed. That was nice. Thank you, Buzz Aldrin. Kamala and Joe called them all garbage.

Donald Trump: Those people, they called them garbage. They're us. Everybody's us. I think 250 million people are us. And I call you the heart and soul of America. That right. You're the people that built America. But we're especially excited to have the support of record numbers of Hispanic Americans. And right here in Nevada, we're going to win a record share of the Hispanic American vote at a level that nobody's ever seen before for the party because, you know, basically, it's pretty simple.

Donald Trump: Hispanics want great jobs. They want rising wages, and they want safe communities. They're very -- they're great people, energy and very entrepreneurial. I know them well. They're really hard workers. They're great people. You don't want vicious gang members getting dumped into your state, and you don't want Kamala teaching your children that they can change their gender anytime they'd like.

Donald Trump: You don't want that. [Audience boos] She came out with gender stuff. You don't want to know about it. And I don't know what's going on with Catholics, but many Hispanics are also Catholics, and Kamala is persecuting Catholics. What the hell did Catholics do? They are being persecuted. Look, she's raising her hand.

Donald Trump: They're being persecuted. And by the way, Evangelicals, Christians are -- you're next. You'll be next if they win. She even suggested that being Catholic disqualifies you from being a federal judge or running for office. Do you believe that one? How old is that theory? That goes back a long way to Kennedy.

Donald Trump: I mean, to Kennedy -- to John Kennedy. I will defend your jobs. I will protect your children, and I will defend religion. Kamala Harris is a low-IQ individual who is running a campaign of hate and anger and retribution. She's now talking about what she's going to do on the border. But why didn't she do it before? Four years.

Donald Trump: Or she's going to do something about inflation. "I'm going to do something about it." She has no idea what the hell she's talking about inflation. She doesn't even know what the word means. But I say, but why didn't you do it before? I asked this question in a debate. Why didn't she do this stuff? "I'm going to do this and that."

Donald Trump: She forgets she's been there for almost four years. But what she's going to do to help the economy, and I say, why didn't you do it before? Why didn't you do that before? You had four years almost. She and Crooked Joe head up the worst administration in the history of our country. They've made Jimmy Carter the happiest man around.

Donald Trump: It's true. And in all fairness, look, he didn't allow 21 million people to pour into our country from all parts of the world, knowing nothing about them, and they turn out to be massive numbers of criminals and terrorists, terrorists at levels we've never seen before. Two nights ago, Kamala made a speech with a paid-for audience.

Donald Trump: You know she can't get crowds. They send buses. You can't -- you got to send different -- you can't have all the same bus line taking everybody. I thought they did a good job. Actually, I'm going to use them sometime, but I don't need crowds. We got plenty of crowds. [Applause] But she made a speech, and all she talked about was Donald Trump.

Note: [Begin video clip]

Kamala Harris: [Video clip] About Donald Trump. Donald Trump. Donald Trump. Donald Trump. Donald Trump. Donald Trump. Donald Trump. Donald Trump. Donald Trump. Donald Trump. Donald Trump. Donald Trump. Donald Trump. Donald Trump. Donald Trump. Donald Trump. Trump.

Note: [End video clip]

Donald Trump: The whole thing was about Trump. She was here for almost four years. They didn't do anything, the worst and a failed administration. What they did in Afghanistan, others would be prosecuted for it. And they didn't fire Milley. They didn't fire these generals that did a bad job. He's an incompetent guy, too.

Donald Trump: They have a lot of incompetent people. We defeated ISIS. Remember that? That was much tougher. We did it surgically. We did it in four weeks. [Applause] She suffers from a very serious disease known as Trump Derangement Syndrome, TDS, but many Democrats do. They really do. They suffer -- the press suffers from it, too.

Donald Trump: They're sick people. And you know why? You know why they do this? Because we're winning. We're all winning. Just remember that. Everything Kamala says is a lie. She says I want to take away Medicare and Social Security. It's crazy. I would never say that. Who would say that? Because if you do say that, that's your -- number one, it would be wrong.

Donald Trump: And number two, it's the end of your political career. So, who would say that? I never said that. She said, "He wants to immediately end Social Security." She's crazy. Hillary Clinton wouldn't lie like that. We can't stand Hillary. She's crooked as hell. She says I want to end Obamacare, affordable health, OK? No, I never said that.

Donald Trump: You got to -- I fixed it. I made it good, but it still stinks, OK? If we got something better, I would do it, if it was less expensive. It's too expensive, and it's not a very good form of health care. But if we got something better, I'd do it, but I never said I'm going to end it. She said, "He wants to immediately end it."

Donald Trump: She talks about Project 2025 all the time. I have nothing to do with it. I've said it every way possible. I even said to a very good lawyer, "Am I allowed to sue them for continuously -- " We put it in writing. We sent it. And the lawyer said, "Well, sir, you're running a campaign. You've got a lot of liars in campaigns. You probably can't."

Donald Trump: But she says that I want to ban IVF. It's fertilization. That's a lie. You better believe it because you've heard it. No, I'm like the father of IVF. When I heard about it -- and they had a bad ruling in Alabama. A judge ruled that all clinics have to be immediately closed. And I was called by Katie Britt, great senator from Alabama, and she said, "You have no idea. So many women, they're going crazy."

Donald Trump: And I said, "Explain it. Just explain it." And after about five minutes, I said, "Well, we can do that. That's great. That's helping us to have beautiful, healthy babies. That's OK." And I actually said -- I wrote something out, and it was quite good, I must say, and it was very -- it was totally supportive.

Donald Trump: And Alabama Legislature, the following day, passed exactly what I wrote. And we are totally in favor, but she said I want to end IVF. In fact, I want to get insurance companies to pay for the IVF if possible. We want to do it. And I'm going to protect Medicare and Social Security and your health care from Kamala's open-border catastrophe.

Donald Trump: So, she's the one who threatens your health care, and according to recent studies, Kamala's plan for giving free health care to illegals will destroy Medicare. It will destroy our country. It will cost $2 trillion. She wants to do that. She will -- that's something she'll do. I will -- and by the way, if you tell them, then they're going to come.

Donald Trump: And it's a tragedy. If you say you're not going to get it, then they're going to stay where they are, and it's not a tragedy. I will never let our country be destroyed. The reason Kamala's campaign has been reduced to this desperate, pathetic stream of hoaxes and lies is simple. The entire world can see she's a train wreck who is totally unqualified to be the president of the United States.

Donald Trump: She's totally unqualified. [Applause] There are some people who thrive under pressure, and there are some people who crack under pressure. And the more pressure Kamala is under, the more pressure she unravels. You know, people didn't know her. She's only had a few months because she had that little honeymoon period.

Donald Trump: And remember, she was introduced, and she got on stage, and she went, "Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you." It's like 50 times thank you. I say, "What the hell is wrong with her?" But the press never picked that up. If I did that, I would be -- it would be over.

Donald Trump: Remember that, when she was -- right? Was that a little weird? She said it like 42 times. "Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you." But being a candidate is nothing compared to the pressure of being president. I know both. If she can't handle the press conference or the television interviews, which she can't -- she should do Joe Rogan.

Donald Trump: I mean, it's a really good interview. Then she can't handle the presidency. She'll get overwhelmed, melt down, and millions of people will die. This is not a charity event. This is an election for the biggest and most important job in history. [Applause] There's no participation trophy for incompetent candidates.

Donald Trump: Do you want to lose your life savings because we put a weak and foolish person in the White House? That will -- that's going to happen. If that happens, it's going to happen. Do you want to lose your job or maybe your house or pension because Kamala has the economic understanding of a child? She's a child.

Donald Trump: Do you ever hear her talk about the economic situation? Oh, my, it's crazy. She shouldn't be here. The presidency is a job held by Teddy Roosevelt, Abraham Lincoln, George Washington, Dwight Eisenhower, Ronald Reagan, Ronald Reagan, and people of strength and high intelligence. Would you trust Kamala to talk to Russia or China about nuclear war? [Audience responds "No"] But I can.

Donald Trump: We had no wars. And China paid us hundreds of billions of dollars. And Kamala -- think of this, hundreds of billions of dollars, China. And Russia, I ended their pipeline. They had Nord Stream 2. Nobody ever heard of it until I said, "Wait a minute. They're building a pipeline in Europe that's going to Germany with offshoots all over the place. They're going to build a pipeline."

Donald Trump: I terminated that pipeline, and then they said, "He's been nice on Russia." Think about that, Matt. I've been nice on Russia. I terminated the biggest job they've ever even conceived of, and then they say, "Oh -- " But I do get along with Putin. And, you know, that's a good thing. And I get along with President Xi, and I get along with Kim Jong Un.

Donald Trump: But they respect us. They respect us a lot. Now, they laugh at us. They think we're a joke. Would you trust her to steer us out of an economic crisis? [Audience responds "No"] Nothing is more dangerous than to give immense power to a person with a very low IQ. You wouldn't put Kamala in charge of, literally, a kindergarten class.

Donald Trump: You wouldn't. So, at the end of the day, you need to ask yourself, can you afford to put someone that's grossly incompetent in charge of the future of our country? I don't think so. On top of all that, Kamala says she would do nothing differently. She was asked that question. Please look.

Note: [Begin video clip]

Sunny Hostin: [Video clip] Would you have done something differently than President Biden during the past four years?

Kamala Harris: [Video clip] There is not a thing that comes to mind.

Mark Schmitz: [Video clip] I stood there on the tarmac, watching you check your watch.

Andrea Mitchell: [Video clip] The chaotic and deadly U.S. evacuation from Afghanistan stunned Americans and the world and cost the lives of 13 U.S. soldiers.

Sunny Hostin: [Video clip] Would you have done something differently?

Kamala Harris: [Video clip] There is not a thing that comes to mind.

Unidentified: [Video clip] More than 13,000 illegal immigrants convicted of murder have been caught at the border and then released into the United States. [Video clip] An Afghan national is in custody today after being accused of plotting an Election Day terrorist attack. The suspect entered the U.S. on a Special Immigrant Visa.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Gut-wrenching new details in the murder of Georgia nursing student Laken Riley. The illegal immigrant suspect, who cops say committed the heinous murder, is a Venezuelan national who crossed the unsecured southern border back in 2022. [Video clip] Two men, investigators say, are in the country illegally from Venezuela are charged with capital murder in the death of Jocelyn Nungaray.

Unidentified: [Video clip] A fifth illegal immigrant accused of attacking two New York City police officers over the weekend showed no remorse or regret.

Sunny Hostin: [Video clip] Would you have done something differently?

Kamala Harris: [Video clip] There is not a thing that comes to mind.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Only 18 percent say the economy is in excellent or good condition. [Video clip] U.S. inflation has hit a new 40-year high, increasing by 9.1 percent over the financial year.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Authorities are saying Tren de Aragua, which has been linked with more than 100 criminal investigations here in the U.S., has now been found operating its criminal enterprise in apartment complexes.

Dana Bash: [Video clip] Were you the last person in the room?

Kamala Harris: [Video clip] Yes.

Note: [End video clip]

Donald Trump: Nothing comes to mind. Oh. Three hundred and twenty-five thousand, the worst at 325,000 young, beautiful children went through her open border, and they've never been seen again. They're probably dead, or they're sex slaves or slaves of some kind or captives. Remember that. And the press is -- I've never seen a story about it from those fakers back there.

Donald Trump: Think of that. [Audience boos] Think of that, 325,000 children. And then you remember, a couple of weeks ago, it came out that 818,000 fake jobs were created so that they could show how great they're doing. But they were all fake, 818,000 fake jobs. And then a whistleblower -- thank you very much, Whistleblower.

Donald Trump: They were going to report a change after the election. They were going to report that it was -- they wouldn't say it this way, but essentially, it was a fraud on our country. And I never saw them write anything about it. Think of it, 800,000 jobs plus 18,000, 818,000 jobs, almost a million jobs were fraudulently created.

Donald Trump: But they got caught before the election. Aren't I lucky? I mean, think what would have happened. They would have announced it a week later, and everyone would have said, "So what?" These people are fraudulent. If you want to end this disaster, you must -- this is a disaster. You must get out, and you must vote.

Donald Trump: We're thrilled to be joined tonight by your next senator, Sam Brown. Stand up, Sam. Great. He is doing some job. And thank you very much, Senator Barrasso, for being here. It's a great honor to have you. It's a great honor, a great honor. He's a fantastic man, by the way. Senator Markwayne Mullin. Don't fight this guy either.

Donald Trump: He's a rough -- where is he? Where's Markwayne? The hell happened to him? He's probably out fighting somebody. He's a hell of a fighter. Thank you. Thank you, Markwayne. Thank you. Lieutenant Governor Stavros Anthony. Thank you, Stavros. Looking good. Thank you very much. And he's working very hard on getting out the vote and, maybe even more importantly, the honesty of the vote.

Donald Trump: We have everything we need now. We just need a little honesty. You and the governor are doing great. Thank you very much. Congressman from Florida, he's a great guy. He's really great. Matt Gaetz and his wife, his beautiful wife, Ginger. Ginger, stand up. Matt and Ginger. This is a good-looking couple.

Donald Trump: This is a seriously good-looking couple, but they're a great couple. Your Congressional candidate who's really looking good, Drew Johnson. Thank you, Drew. Nevada Republican Party chairman, Michael McDonald. Thank you, Michael. Five days, Michael. Five days. Thank you, everybody. So important that we win this state.

Donald Trump: If we win this state, it's over. It's over. A friend of mine, a great television star. He's been on for a long time. I don't even know what the hell it is. But when you're on for more than two seasons, you're, like, considered good. This guy's been on for years and years, and he's big stuff. Rick Harrison.

Donald Trump: Where is Rick? Oh, Rick. Hi, Rick. How many years, Rick? Yeah. He's been on there for a long time. Thank you, Rick. Great job. Another friend of mine, a great writer, very powerful writer. I guess we could call him conservative, to put it mildly. Wayne Allyn Root. Thank you, Wayne. Great guy. Thank you, Wayne.

Donald Trump: Thank you for your support. Wayne is always supporting. I really appreciate -- we have the very similar philosophy that way. He's been great. And my friend, Steve Witkoff, who's one of the great developers in the country. Steve Witkoff, he's always there with his checkbook to help people. He goes to North Carolina.

Donald Trump: He writes out a big check. No matter where he goes, he just -- he's like a walking money pit. He's got a lot of cash. But he's a very generous guy, and he's a great, talented businessperson. He's great, a great man. But here are the facts. Kamala is a radical-left Marxist, rated even worse than Crazy Bernie Sanders or Pocahontas herself.

Donald Trump: She destroyed our economy. She destroyed San Francisco. She was an original creator of Defund the Police movement, and anybody who wants to defund the police for even one week is not worthy of being president of the United States. See, we've learned about her. We didn't know anything about Harris. We didn't know anything about her.

Donald Trump: We've learned about her. She had that little honeymoon period. I really figured that these guys were right. Wayne, you were right about honeymoon. You said it was going to last six weeks, and you were right probably, I think, to the day. I'm very impressed with you, Wayne. Kamala vowed to abolish ICE.

Donald Trump: She pledged to confiscate your guns and endorse a total ban on handgun owners. [Audience boos] Would anybody like to give up their gun tonight, please? [Audience responds "No"] She even called for free sex changes for illegal aliens in detention, all at taxpayer expense. Now, think of it. This is where she is.

Donald Trump: This is her whole life until about a year ago, when she realized this was not playing very well to the country. And she did one other thing. She lied about working at McDonald's. To me, that's a big deal. In conclusion, your vote this November, we're going to fire Kamala, and we're going to save America.

Donald Trump: We're going to save America. We will cut your taxes and inflation, slash your prices, raise your wages, and bring thousands of factories back to America and back to Nevada. We will build American. We will buy American, and we will hire American. I will end the war in Ukraine. It would have never started if I was president.

Donald Trump: I will also stop the chaos in the Middle East. October 7th would have never happened. You would have had -- all those people would be living happily today. And I will prevent World War III from happening. I will crush violent crime and give our police the support, protection, resources, and respect that they so dearly deserve.

Donald Trump: We will strengthen and modernize our military. We will build a missile defense shield over our country. It's going to all be made in the USA. That will include Nevada. We will rebuild our cities, including our Capitol in Washington, D.C., making them safe, clean, and beautiful again. We will teach our children to love our country, to honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag.

Donald Trump: We will get critical race theory and transgender insanity the hell out of our school and quickly. We will keep men out of women's sports if that's OK. And I will defend religious liberty. I will restore free speech, and I will defend the right to keep and bear arms. After years of building up foreign nations, defending foreign borders, and protecting foreign lands, we are finally going to build up our country, defend our borders, and we are going to protect our citizens like never before.

Donald Trump: And we will stop illegal immigration once and for all. We will not be invaded. We will not be occupied. We will not be overrun. We will not be conquered. We will be a free and proud nation very soon once again. Everyone will prosper. Every family will thrive, and every day will be filled with opportunity and hope.

Donald Trump: And that beautiful American dream is going to be back and stronger than ever. But for that to happen, we must defeat Kamala Harris and stop her radical-left agenda with a landslide that is too big to rig. [Applause] You need to get out and vote. For the past nine years, we've been fighting against the most sinister and corrupt forces on Earth, people like Adam Shifty Schiff.

Donald Trump: Can you imagine that bum is going to be a senator? Can you imagine? Maybe there's a one percent chance. Who knows? He's a bum. He lied like hell. Adam Shifty Schiff. We have senators sitting over here. They can't even believe it. He's a bum. He's a liar. He's a crooked guy. He's a crooked man. With your vote in this election, you can show them once and for all that this nation does not belong to them.

Donald Trump: This nation belongs to you. It was hardworking patriots like you who built this country, and five days from now, it's the hardworking patriots like you who are going to save our country. After all we have been through together, we stand on the verge of the four greatest years in American history. With your help from now until Election Day, we will restore America's promise, and we will take back the nation that we love.

Donald Trump: We will take it back. We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. We will never give in. We will never give up. We will never back down. And we will never, ever surrender. [Applause] Together, we will fight, fight, fight and win, win, win. November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: And together, we will make America powerful again. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America healthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you very much, Nevada. Get out and vote.

Donald Trump: Get out and vote. Thank you very much. God bless you all. God bless you.