Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-campaign-rally-warren-michigan-november-1-2024

Donald Trump: Wow. Thank you. Thank you very much. Hello? Hello, everybody. Hello, Michigan. Hello? [Audience chants "U.S.A."] Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Well, we're not going to have this too much longer. You know, we're winding down. We're winding down. Nine years, we've been doing it, right? And now we're winding down and hopefully, we'll be going to the next phase, which is turning our country around, because we've got a little bit of a mess to take care of, don't we, huh? A little bit of a mess, but we'll get it done and we'll get it done right.

Donald Trump: But we're going to miss these rallies, aren't we huh? But they'll be even better rallies in a different form. I think we'll say that, right, Front Row Joes. They'll be even better, but they'll be in a different form. And really the form that we want, that's what we've been striving for. We have to get out and vote.

Donald Trump: Everybody, don't take any chances because Kamala is never going to be able to do it. She won't be able to do it, not even a thought of doing it. [Audience member calls out "Freedom"] Doesn't know how to do it. Doesn't even know how to say to do it. We cannot take any chances. So, you got to get out to vote.

Donald Trump: And I can only say that it's been the experience of a lifetime for a lot of us. Some of you have been to 300 rallies. I see these people. And you're going to look back at this time in life, you know, and you're going to say there was something very, very special about what we all did together. We all did it together.

Donald Trump: There's never been anything like it. We'll have everything -- we'll have everything so good and fixed up and perfect. We'll have everything perfect. And then in four years, somebody will come down and that person's going to be hot as a pistol. And you know what? They're going to draw about 300 people.

Donald Trump: That's what you draw. A politician draws 250, 300, if they're good. If they're bad, they draw like eight people, like Biden used to draw, right? Remember he used to fill up -- remember the circles? He couldn't fill up the circle. So, he used the fake news media to fill up the circles. [Audience boos] But no -- and you're going to -- it's different.

Donald Trump: But there'll never be -- in the world, there'll never be anything like we -- what we've done. We've done something that's unprecedented and we've had fun. But now, we have to get hopefully to work. We got to win, you got to get out and vote, and then we're going to do a real job for you all, and we're going to meet again many times, I hope.

Donald Trump: But this has been the thrill of a lifetime for me and for you and for everybody. And now, we want to take that thrill and turn it into let's do business, right? Let's do business. So, it's great to be back in this beautiful state with thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots. And I'd like to begin by asking a very simple question.

Donald Trump: I've been doing that lately because it seems so poignant. Are you better off now than you were four years ago? [Audience responds "No"] I don't think so. I don't think so. It's been -- is that one of the easiest questions you've ever been asked? But I've come today with a message of hope for all Americans, with your vote, this election, most important election you've ever even thought about voting in.

Donald Trump: I will end inflation. I will stop the invasion of criminals pouring into our country, [Audience responds affirmatively] and I will bring back the American dream. I'm going to bring it back. You know, yesterday, we had a long day. We started out before 7:00 in the morning we went to New Mexico. You know, it's sort of in play because the people can't take it anymore.

Donald Trump: The people are pouring through the border, that's a real border state, but you're a border state in a different sense. Everybody is a -- every state is a border state. We have criminals coming in from -- they fly them in now to the Midwest. Isn't that nice of them? Kamala [Audience boos] and you say to yourself, "Who the hell would want to do it?" And so many of those people are hardened criminals coming out of prisons, jails, mental institutions.

Donald Trump: But this is all you need to know, Kamala who's grossly incompetent broke it, I will fix it. We're going to fix it. We're going to fix it quickly. America will be bigger, better, bolder, richer, safer, and stronger than ever before. This election is a choice between whether we live and have four more years of gross incompetence and failure or whether we will begin the four greatest years in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: We'll get it going fast. We're going to get it going very fast. And I'm asking you to be excited about the future of your country, be excited. It's been hard to -- it's been hard to say, but now we're down to four days, four days, right, Front Row Joe? No, I mean if you think -- you know we're down to four days.

Donald Trump: Wow. We thought it would never come, right? We thought it would never come. I'm asking you to dream big again. You have to dream big. It's hard for you to think of that because you've been so hurt by these incompetent fools that have been running our country. This will be America's new golden age. Every problem facing us can be solved, and it's going to be solved quickly.

Donald Trump: But now, the fate of our nation is in your hands and it really is. It's in -- you got to vote, you got to vote. Don't believe the polls that were way up or we're pretty far up. But a couple of them are way up. One gentleman, a great pollster they say, he said we have a 97 percent chance of winning. I said, don't believe it, don't believe it, don't believe it, don't believe it.

Donald Trump: I think he's a Democrat because nothing matters except what happens on Tuesday when you think of it, right? All does it matter, so just pretend that we're 1 point down. We're not, we're up. But pretend that we're 1 point down. On Tuesday, you have to stand up and you have to tell Kamala that you've had enough, you can't take it anymore.

Donald Trump: You're the worst vice president in history. You're the worst border czar in the history of the world. We're not going to let you destroy our country. Kamala, you're fired, get the hell out of here, right? [Audience chants "Trump"] Thank you. She shouldn't even be in this fight. She shouldn't be, she doesn't deserve it.

Donald Trump: The guy got -- look, whether you like him or not, he got 14 million votes. He won the primaries. Then they walked in and they told him, "You're out." He had a debate which was a little rough and then he -- no. But that's his prerogative. It just happens, right? And they walked in. They said, "You're out."

Donald Trump: And he said, "No, I'm not. I won't leave." "You're out. Get the hell out. You're out." And they were not nice to him, by the way. I know exactly what went on. Don't forget I know all those people that are in the surrounds very well. They were rough with Joe Biden. And think of it, he got 14 million votes, and they're telling him, get the hell out.

Donald Trump: And then they give it to her, and she came in last in the Democrat primary, right? She came in last. She was -- 22 people, Mr. Ambassador, 22 people. Think of it, 22 people. She was the first one to drop out. I guess that means she came in last. She never made it to the great state of Iowa during their primaries and then she -- we're running against her.

Donald Trump: It's actually not fair to him. It's really not fair to him. [Audience member calls out "Who cares?" It's a -- that's no way -- he's got the -- right, who cares? Who said that? That's a great line. Who the hell said that? That's -- he goes -- I'm going -- you know, I've become such a nice guy all of a sudden.

Donald Trump: I say it's not fair to him. This guy shouts out, "Who cares?" Who the hell cares? Who cares about him? I guess he happens to be right. That's very good. Thank you for adding so much spice. That was a good line of stuff. All right. Who cares? But he did get screwed. Let's face it. No, they came in. They should have picked somebody else.

Donald Trump: They could have picked the one that came in first runner up, you know, you pick first. You know who that would be? Crooked Bernie, right? Crooked Bernie, Crooked Bernie Sanders, he got screwed twice, he got screwed with Hillary. I think he's one of the best sports though because he got terribly taken advantage of with Hillary and she won.

Donald Trump: And he went back and he just kept being very liberal. By the way, he's far less liberal than Kamala. You know that, right? She's rated the worst, most liberal, crazy person in the US Senate. She's more so than even Pocahontas, who's very -- remember, she said, "My mother told I was an Indian." "How do you know you're an Indian?" "Because my mother told me I have high cheekbones."

Donald Trump: Do you believe it? I actually think that's a racist comment that she made. I think that's a racist comment. Everything we have been fighting for these past four years comes down to the next four days. Can you believe it, right? We've been setting records in the early voting, but we can't let up -- in-person voting in Michigan ends on Sunday.

Donald Trump: And if you're not going to make that, you got to get there on Tuesday. OK, who's voted? It's pretty grim. So, who is going to vote? [Applause] All right, 60/40. That's not bad. That's a lot of votes. You got to get the hell out and vote because it's now or never. If we don't do it, it's never going to happen again.

Donald Trump: You know, there are those that say that if we don't win this election, you may never have another election in this country again. That's a possibility with these radical left lunatics that we're dealing with. Crazy Nancy -- you want to marry me? She wants to marry me. What the hell -- well, let me ask the First Lady if of that would be OK, because -- it's OK with me, but I have to get permission.

Donald Trump: Thank you. That's cute actually. So, get everyone you know. Vote, vote, vote, get everyone you know. There's a woman named Jane, I saw her backstage, she's got a husband who's not in good shape at all. And I asked her, "Are you going to vote?" "Yes, sir." And I asked the husband, "Are you going to vote?" "Well, I don't know. We have a game, a game."

Donald Trump: And he said, "No, this is the biggest game of all." This is a thousand times -- you know, what we're doing is a thousand times bigger than the Super Bowl. It is. When the NFL has a problem -- they had a big problem with Canada, big problem. Canada was actually taking advantage of the NFL for years, and they couldn't get it solved.

Donald Trump: You know what they did? They called the president, and I got it solved in like two minutes. I got it solved in two minutes. This is 100 times -- they fought for 21 years with Canada. I got it solved in two minutes. They never even said thank you. They didn't say thank you. With your help, we're going to defeat Kamala Harris and we're going to make America great again. [Applause]

Donald Trump: I'm studying my hair, looks not so good today. It's not a good hair day, but who cares? Not a good hair day for me. Oh, I don't want to look -- but we have breaking news. It's actually bad news. It's only good for one thing. If you happen to be running against the stupid fools that created this news, it's bad news.

Donald Trump: Bad news for the country, it was just announced a little while ago that brand-new jobs report proves decisively that Kamala Harris and Crooked Joe have driven our economy off a cliff. And if she gets four more years, your family is never going to -- you're never going to recover from these stupid people because we're being taken advantage of by every country, all over the world, including our allies.

Donald Trump: And in many cases, our allies are worse than our so-called enemies, OK, on trade. Nationwide -- this just came out, listen to this, you got to study these numbers, right? Does anybody have a pencil? Please take it down. Nationwide, the economy created, this is the lowest number in years, a pitiful 12,000 jobs last month.

Donald Trump: Whoa. [Audience boos] Hundreds of thousands of jobs less than what it should be. I never heard of 12,000 jobs. That's not even believable. And when they revised it downward in a few weeks, it will be much lower than that. They'll have to revise it downward. And just think -- this is not good news for them.

Donald Trump: I mean, how would you like to have an election in four days? And you just had the worst jobs report in the history of our country practically. Now, think of it, you're running for office. They announced -- you know, the best thing they have going? The fake news because they won't even write about it.

Donald Trump: The fake news [Audience boos] the fake news won't even write about it. By the way, how good was Bobby Kennedy, Jr., huh? How good was he? And he's so into health and all. He's going to take care of women's health and men's health and your children's health. I said, "You could do anything. You just go ahead and enjoy yourself, Bob. Just do me one favor, leave the liquid gold alone. Let me handle that."

Donald Trump: We're going to make a fortune. We're going to make -- "Bobby, please leave that alone, Bobby. Just let me handle that." Oh, we're going to make so much money. But just think a few months ago they fraudulently claimed -- do you remember this? Two months ago, 818,000 jobs were created when in fact there were none.

Donald Trump: It was a fraud. It was a fraud. And people reported it to the FBI, but the FBI decided to do nothing. Are you shocked to hear that? [Audience boos] It was a total lie, and they thought they'd be able to get away with it right through the election. But fortunately, there was a person known as a whistleblower.

Donald Trump: I liked whistleblowers on occasion, and they were forced to admit it three weeks ago that they created 818,000 fraudulent jobs. There were fake jobs. And everybody said, "Oh, the economy is finally coming back." No, no, it's not coming back. They were fake jobs. If I did that, they'd try and they would impeach me, they would say, "Let's impeach him."

Donald Trump: But now they've just revised past jobs, OK, by an additional 118,000. Now, they just announced yesterday that they're going to have to reduce some, again, by 112,000 because they were fake jobs, too. This administration is a big fat con job. The whole thing is dishonest. It's all misinformation and disinformation.

Donald Trump: That's almost a million fake jobs that never were here, and they wanted to wait. How would you feel if you said, "Well, our economy is OK," and then we vote and we have an election and let's say they win -- I can't even imagine it. But let's say they win. And then two days later, they announced that there were a million jobs that were phony.

Donald Trump: How would you like that, John James? No, good, right, huh? No good. We got to do something about it. They never do anything about it. We never do. These are fraudulent people. No, but how would you like, the election is over and we have this person that nobody ever -- you hear Harris, Harris. "Who the hell is Harris?" Nobody even knows who the hell she is.

Donald Trump: Who the hell is she? Nobody knows who the hell she is, Harris. "Ladies and gentlemen, President Harris." "Who the hell is Harris?" It's true. [Audience boos] Ladies and gentlemen, Harris came in by announcing 1 million jobs more than existed. It's a fake. Like two days after the election, you feel down, you lost an election, and how about the other side? The other side is saying, "Man, they said they had a great thing going."

Donald Trump: They just announced a million jobs. More than they had, they didn't have a million jobs. [Audience member calls out, "Liar"] These are terrible people. I'm telling you, they're terrible people. But let's bring it all together. We love everybody, right? No, we don't actually. How about her? She's always talking about -- no, I want to bring the country together.

Donald Trump: Trump is Hitler, excuse me, I shouldn't have said that. No, she's always saying, "I want to go in peace and we want to get together as a country. And you know, the Trump people are garbage, total garbage." [Audience boos] "Oh, but we want to get together, and Trump is Hitler. And they're all racists and they're all this and they're all that. But we want to have peace, and we want to get along."

Donald Trump: I don't even know if she knows what the hell she's saying, but it's pathetic. So, Kamala failed economic agenda, wiped out nearly 30,000 private sector jobs just recently, and nearly 50,000 manufacturing jobs just over the last short period of time. Did you know that? You lost 50,000 manufacturing jobs? [Audience boos] That's better with a mic? That's better? Thank you, backstage.

Donald Trump: These are my, guys. I'm telling you, I'm having a lot of problems with mics lately. I'm not happy. Get yourself a new contractor, please, and don't pay the bill for this contractor, and then they'll write a story, "Trump doesn't pay bills." I pay bills. You know what I do? I pay more than I'm supposed to when they can do a good job.

Donald Trump: But when they don't do a good job, don't pay your damn bill. That's my first -- man, I got to do these speeches like three, four times a day for 62 days almost, and then on top of it, I have a mic that doesn't work half the time. All right. Our manufacturing sector is now in very severe recession. Almost 100,000 manufacturing jobs are killed since the start of the year.

Donald Trump: Think of that. Think of that, 100,000. That's a lot of jobs, especially when you add on the fraudulent -- almost a million jobs, right? So, that's 1.1 million. One hundred and fifty thousand Americans joined the unemployment rolls last month. You know that. You don't hear that from these fake news people because they don't report it.

Donald Trump: They don't report it. [Audience boos] They don't report it just like they don't show how many people are in this room because they don't do it, just like they don't show the videos. A friend of mine -- you know, we do videos now. We made a little money -- we bought some things for like a million bucks.

Donald Trump: Can you believe it? I spent $1 million for some screens so you people could see better, right? No, think of it. Think of it. And you know the problem? I get a friend -- I have a friend, he's watching. A number of people called me. They said, "We loved your rally last night. It's too bad we couldn't see the videos."

Donald Trump: What do you mean you couldn't see the videos? He said, "They don't put them on." I said, "Of course, they do." But they don't. You know why? Because they're told not to, and they're told not to show the crowd size where you go from room to room, from place to place. We never have an empty seat and nobody leaves early, but we never have an empty -- you know what? We never have an empty seat. [Applause]

Donald Trump: But I said, "I want to have them show. Oh, we have it out with them all the time." A friend of mine said, "They don't show the thing." And think of the cameras, right? All they have to do is right there. There's the screen, there's the screen. All they have to do is 1 inch right, ding, 1 inch up, ding.

Donald Trump: And they can see it, but they don't want to do that because they don't want to show because they're fake news. That's why they're fake news. And most importantly, nearly 250,000 people dropped out of the labor force last month. Can you believe this? We're in a depression? You better hope you vote for me because I'm going to get you out of it fast.

Donald Trump: But under these losers, it's only going to get -- this would only get worse. This will only get worse. You're not going to have a country left. Honestly, if you don't vote for Trump, you're not going to have a country left. Under Kamala's nation-wrecking policies, the American worker is absolutely drowning.

Donald Trump: You're drowning. You're not going to have your job very soon. And that stupid fool at United Auto Workers, that poor, stupid fool that runs the union, he said, "Yes, we'll go" -- he agreed to all electric cars. And I said they wouldn't work five months ago. And you know what? Now they don't work. I mean, look, all electric cars are great, but for a certain percentage of people, OK? You don't force it on everybody, nor do you say everybody has to have a hybrid, which are also great or an all-gasoline-powered car.

Donald Trump: The only thing we don't want is a hydrogen car because hydrogen -- somebody said, "Well, they don't work, but very seldom sir." I said, "What are seldom?" "Well, you know, once every two or three weeks." "Well, what happens if it doesn't work?" "Sir, the person is unrecognizable. The person in the car or people in the car are absolutely unrecognizable. It's like a major bomb went off. But we were working on the problem. I said just -- I have no interest in hydrogen. Whoever the hell is working on hydrogen, we don't want a hydrogen car. Can you imagine you call the wife? "

Donald Trump: There's your husband along the tree." "I don't see him. The tree is bright red. I don't see him." The data shows that 100 percent of all net job gains -- listen to this -- think of it, it's all gone to the migrants along with African American jobs are at the worst -- one of the worst levels. They're all going to migrants.

Donald Trump: The African American -- when you see those numbers, that's the numbers your fake news are going to show you because they're going to come out with numbers right after the elections. It's going to show that all those people that illegally come across the border with their open border policy are taking the African American jobs away. [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: So, now, can you imagine? So, you know, guys have jobs for 20 years, they've got a family, they have everything, they're doing a good job, they're good people, good workers, and their jobs are being taken away by people that just came in. It's not right. Hispanic jobs, also, to a lesser extent, union jobs will be affected, not yet, but they will be very much so.

Donald Trump: But the African American jobs. You ought to tell them to go get you the real numbers because when you see this, it's going to be probably after the election, you're going to be really angry. You're going to say, "You know, I wish I voted for Trump. He got me criminal justice reform. He got me the colleges, historically, Black colleges and universities."

Donald Trump: I took care of them. I took care of them. I took care of them. You know, every year, they'd that come to Washington. The heads of -- nice guys, a lot of nice people actually. After two years, I said, "Why do you guys keep coming to Washington?" These were the heads of the colleges, Black colleges, and very important group of schools actually, and great people that I got to really like some of them.

Donald Trump: Some of them became friends of mine. And in the third year, I said, "You're here again. Why are you here?" I never asked them the first two times, "Because they make us come back every year for money" because they have funding. I said, "Why don't they give you a long-term deal?" He said, "They would never do it."

Donald Trump: I said, "I'm going to do it. I'm going to give you a long-term deal for more money than you're asking because you're not asking for enough." And I got them taken care of. And I said, "The only bad thing" -- I said, "The only bad thing about what I'm doing is I'll never see you again. Most likely, I'll never see you again, which is sad. But you know what? It's wrong, what they're doing to you."

Donald Trump: They had to come back for years and years. They came back every year, hat in hand. One guy said, "They make us like beggars, like beggars." These are Black, wonderful people that run the universities. They run the universities, you're right. So, I took care of that. I took care of so many things. But remember the criminal justice reform, I was called by some people at CNN that I'm the only one that can get it done because I can bring some conservative votes over.

Donald Trump: And I did do that and I got criminal justice reform done. And it was really -- the Black population wanted it more than anybody else because it was very unfair what was happening. And we got it done. And I'll tell you -- and I made this statement, with the exception of who, Abraham Lincoln [audio gap] as president for the Black population than any other president in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: But now, the migrants are going to take those jobs that you have, and you should demand before the election that you see it because you'll never vote for Kamala. You never vote for her. She doesn't know what the hell she's doing. Kamala's inflation nightmare has cost the typical American family $30,000 in higher prices, and she's continuing to cost you an additional $1,100 for every single month.

Donald Trump: That's because of what they've done with inflation. They took -- you know, I had no inflation. We had no inflation. We had no inflation. We went from essentially no inflation to the highest inflation in the history of our country. [Audience boos] And then they say they're going to vote for these fools.

Donald Trump: They're not going to vote for these fools. Remember, I had virtually no -- you had no problem. You were making money, you were putting money away, you had money left over, you could go out and shopping, and your prices weren't quadrupled for a sausage, for a piece of lettuce, for an apple. [Audience member calls out "Thank you."

Donald Trump: ] Now the prices have gone so high. Everyone tells me about the word groceries for groceries. Cars, look at the price of cars, look at the price of education. These schools have -- I mean they're going crazy with the education prices. They're going absolutely crazy. But I had no inflation. I had prices stable.

Donald Trump: We wouldn't put up with it. We would talk to people, too, if they, you know, were ripping you off. We would talk to people. We had smart people, the best people. And now look at what happened. The inflation is eating everybody alive. It's eating -- especially our senior citizens. That's why I do no tax on Social Security benefits because it gets you back to even.

Donald Trump: But now that very low-IQ person who wants to be -- have we ever had a low-IQ president before? [Audience responds "No"] You have to know the opposition, you know, the -- you have to know. President Xi, the press hates when I say it, I say very smart. You know, if I use the word brilliant, they'll say, "He said he's brilliant. No, he controls 1.4 billion people with an iron fist. No, he's not brilliant."

Donald Trump: But these are very smart people. These are brilliant people. These are people that like their country, maybe they don't, but they run their country tough and smart. And we have nobody to compete with them. We have people that -- it's like your high school football team playing. What's a good team today? Let's see, what's a good team? What's a good team? Oh, the Detroit Lions, right? [Audience responds affirmatively] I couldn't have said that two years ago.

Donald Trump: Good. I got bailed out. I'm trying to say what the hell, the worst thing you can do is mention some team that's not from the area. And I'm saying, "Oh, shit, I'm in Michigan. What the hell am I going to do? I'm stuck up here." See John, she wouldn't be able to figure that out, you know? She couldn't even get off the stage when she said we have 32 days left.

Donald Trump: Remember the teleprompter froze and she couldn't get off the stage? No, it's like your high school team playing the Detroit Lions. That's right. That's a pretty good team. They did a good job after so many years, right? They did a good job. See, that's what good management is. You get the right people.

Donald Trump: It's the same thing in government, you get the right people and good things happen. But now, Kamala wants to impose the largest tax hike in American history and raise your taxes by at least $3,000 a year. [Audience boos] It's much worse than that actually because she wants to terminate the tax cuts that you've gotten.

Donald Trump: I stand before you today as the only candidate who can -- I mean, we're going to rescue this thing. We're going to be able to do it, and it's going to happen fast. It's going to be rescued. Your prices are going down. We're going to drill, baby, drill. We're going to bring prices down. Who can rescue our economy from total obliteration and restore our country to full prosperity explosive growth and maximum strength? It is about growth.

Donald Trump: You know it's about growth, it's about some proper cost cutting. You know who we're going to use for that? Elon. He thinks he can find two $2 trillion, only Elon. Anybody that can have that rocket come down the way it came down that sucker, right? How about that? How cool was that? He's the only one that can do it.

Donald Trump: Cutting 2 trillion, finding 2 trillion is easy when you can do when you can do that -- and he wants to do it. You know where he is right now? He's campaigning in Pennsylvania for Donald Trump. How cool is that, right? How cool? No, he's cool. He wore that black hat, remember the black hat. He called it dark MAGA, right, dark MAGA.

Donald Trump: You'd look good in that hat. He called it dark MAGA. He looked cool. You know what happened? I don't think we sold one dark hat in two -- I didn't even know we had them, you want to know the truth? And everything's subtle, where it says make America great again. It was also in black. So, he had black on black, that's called very subtle and he wore it and he loved it, and he did great.

Donald Trump: He made a speech, did great. We had 107,000 people in Butler, PA, right? Honoring the firefighter Corey, honoring Corey, the firefighter 107. And Elon got up and made his speech and he did a good speech. He said, "I've never seen so many people. I've never seen anything like it." And then -- because you know, he comes sort of out of a laboratory.

Donald Trump: I mean, you know what he likes -- is it's where he feels comfortable. All of a sudden, he's on the stage. He's got all those people, and he's wearing the hat. I said, "What is it?" He said, "Dark MAGA." I said, listen, "That hat looks great, Elon." OK. So, I sold like two hats in the last year, dark MAGA.

Donald Trump: Nobody bought them. We had a run on the hats. They sold 71,000 black hats. Can you believe it 71,000? You make money with money? It's the way it is. It's a hot item. Anyway, has just released numbers plainly indicate our economy is a total disaster and is expected to get very substantially worse. It's a wonderful time for me to come in.

Donald Trump: You know, this is what I want. It's just -- no, I would rather come in when things are going in the right direction, but we're going to get it straightened out fast. It's going to be -- we'll have the best economy you've ever had. You know the stock market's going up. Scott Bessent, some of the smartest analysts on Wall Street said, it's only going up for one reason because Trump's leading in the polls and everyone thinks Trump's going to be president.

Donald Trump: They think Trump's going to win the election, that's why it's going on. Now here's the bad news. They say "If he doesn't win, you could end up in a depression, that's boy, wait till you see that. It'll be a 1929-style economic depression that will absolutely crush your incomes and all that stuff. But we're not going to talk about that because we want to make sure we win. [Audience member calls out "We'll win." And when we win, you are four days away from the best jobs, the biggest paychecks, and the brightest economic future the world has ever seen. You're going to be great. We love it. And we will end Kamala's economic disaster and launch a brand-new Trump economic miracle. You know, Steve Moore, a great economist. He's great actually. He is a great guy, right? He is a great guy. He just wrote a book called "The Trump Economic Miracle" just came out. It's a bestseller. Go buy it, it's great. I mean it's a great book. I mean what the hell? It's like 20 bucks. It's 20 bucks -- give the guy 20 bucks. No, it's a great book. It's a hot book, "The Trump Economic Miracle" by Steve Moore. Go buy it, it's great. He really tells us how we did it and what we're going to do. It's, you know, not that complicated. I will massively cut taxes for workers and small businesses, and we will have no tax on tips, no tax on overtime, and no tax on Social Security benefits for our great seniors. And you know, they're going to claim Donald Trump has a conflict of interest because I'm a senior and I'm giving -- they're going to say, "He only did it because he didn't want to pay tax." Oh, they'll come up with something. They'll say, "There's some reason that he did it." No, I think -- you know, the fixed-income seniors which is 96 percent, you -- you don't look like a senior to me. Let me tell you, you look like a good senior, but I don't feel like a senior. Does anybody feel like a senior? I don't feel. [Audience responds "No"] I feel better now. I think I'm sharper and better now than I was 25, 30 years ago, you know? I do, I swear. I'll let you know when I don't. In fact, you'll probably know before me. All you have to do is watch. There'll be a day when you get up here, you say, "

Donald Trump: Where am I?" Like Joe did, right? Where am I? Where are the stairs? Where the hell are the stairs? Oh, there they are. You'll know. I think I'll know before you actually. I think I will. But I think we have a long way to go. Good parents. You know, it's nice to have parents that lived a long time because if you believe in that -- right, I do.

Donald Trump: I believe in that. It's called genetics -- genetics is good, not everything, but it sure as hell is good. It's better to have good genetics than bad genetics, right? And I will support a tax credit for family caregivers who are amazing people, who take care of a parent or a loved one. And, you know, if we didn't have family caregivers, we wouldn't have enough hospitals.

Donald Trump: If we doubled our capacity, we wouldn't have enough. These people do so much, and we're going to get them a tax credit. To rapidly reduce inflation, I will end Kamala's war on American energy, and we will drill, baby, drill. [Audience calls out "Drill, baby, drill."] Thank you. And I'll cut your energy prices in half within 12 months.

Donald Trump: We're going to cut your energy prices. And that's going to be the beginning and we're going to bring your cost of groceries, foods, everything. We're going to all come down -- that's what caused the problem. The energy is what caused it because they came in and they destroyed what I had built. What a stupid group of people.

Donald Trump: All he had to do is go to the beach. You know, he went to the beach all the time, right? Somebody said he looks great. He's 82 years old. He looks unbelievable in a bathing suit, but he went to the beach. And he had a hard time moving. You know those things, they weigh like about 6 ounces. They're aluminum -- hollowed aluminum, they're so light.

Donald Trump: They're meant for children and very old people. And what happens is he couldn't move it, he needed people to help him. So, a kid came along who was five years old and helped. But he went to the beach -- and he had one quality that I don't have and I wish I could have it. I'd pay a lot for it. He has the ability to fall asleep instantly with cameras on.

Donald Trump: Who the hell could do that? And you see him falling asleep and drooling out the right side of his mouth and he's -- and he gets a good rest. I don't do that. I toss and turn and turn and toss. I'm thinking about how the hell I'm going to make money for you, people. Tossing and turning, always tossing and turning, spinning around like a top -- how the hell -- thinking about China, thinking about Russia, the Russia hoax, how about the Russia hoax? Was that [Audience boos] that was another deal.

Donald Trump: I will cut a record number of job-killing regulations. I will terminate the Green New scam, the biggest scam, the greatest scam in the history of our country. And I will end Kamala's insane electric vehicle mandate, saving the Michigan auto industry from extinction. And you know, I was here four weeks ago.

Donald Trump: I was at the Detroit Economic Club, right? And we had a meeting and it was about automobiles, cars, and stuff because you're getting killed. Look, you just lost 40,000, 50,000 jobs. This guy, the head of the union -- you know I'm leading by far in the popular poll and the rank and file with the union, but they have guys that only go for Democrats.

Donald Trump: That's all right, Shawn Fain or whatever the hell his name is. So, listen -- [Audience boos] and I told the story about a year ago. I have a friend that builds auto plants. Has anyone heard this story? [Audience responds affirmatively] Should I tell it again? [Audience responds affirmatively] Should I -- oh, there he is my man.

Donald Trump: Come on up here. Get up here. This guy is so great. This guy -- come on up. Secret Service may rough you up a little bit. [Applause] Come on up here. This guy gets it. He was -- he got it. Yeah, look at him, look at him. Come here. Look at the arms on him, look at the arms. All I can say is, I'm taller than him, but he has much bigger arms, much bigger.

Donald Trump: And he's a great guy and he loves this whole -- I think he just loved Detroit. You love the area. But I've been telling you for a year and a half about this incident that I had a friend of mine, John. He builds plants. That's all he does. He's a rich guy. He builds plants. If you told him to build an apartment, he wouldn't know how.

Donald Trump: If you told him to put down asphalt, he would. But he can build a plant like nobody. He builds all of them, most of them. And he was telling me that he's building some big plants. I said, "I want to see one. Let's go. I want to see a plant under construction." I like that. I basically -- I like that stuff always.

Donald Trump: I was always good at it, too. Always a good builder. I always built great buildings. So, I wanted to see one. He said, "Well, we'll have to go to Mexico." We know the story. "We're going to have to go to Mexico because all of the big plants" -- I said, "What do you mean Mexico? What about here?" "No. No."

Donald Trump: Oh, this is a year ago. I said, "Really, let me see." And he showed me a plant, that's the biggest plant I think in the world, right? It's the -- it would ruin Detroit. It does probably more than all of your plants put together. It's massive, owned by China. So, China was going to come in and build one of the biggest plants in the world.

Donald Trump: I think the biggest plant by far actually in the world, and some others right along our border. Make cars, put them into here, and you can forget about Detroit, you can forget about Michigan, it would be over. And I didn't like it. So, he told me about it a year ago, and then I started thinking about it.

Donald Trump: And I said, "You know, if they build that plant" -- and you know they're decimating Europe, what they're doing. They're dumping cars in there like crazy. And it's being decimated, the auto industry, the manufacturing of car industry. So, what happened is he said, "No, this is the way it is. It's going to happen."

Donald Trump: I said, "We're not going to let that happen" because if they build these massive plants, especially, this one monster plant that's so big, you wouldn't believe it. So, I announced when I was at the Detroit Economic Forum and a little before that, that I'm going to put 100 percent tariffs. And if that's not high enough, I'll make it 200 percent.

Donald Trump: And I announce it a little before the forum actually, and I said, "No, we're going to put 100 percent and maybe I'll make it 200. Maybe I'll make it 300, 400. I don't give a damn. I'll make it whatever I have to make it." And that was it. I just made the announcement. I didn't make a big deal out of it.

Donald Trump: The fake news didn't pick it up because they don't want to pick it up. But I didn't want to see Detroit destroyed and other places like South Carolina and Tennessee and a lot of other places, but your state more than any other state without question. And so, what happened is -- I forgot about it now, I'm speaking and I see this guy, John, the builder of auto plants.

Donald Trump: And I said, "I'd like to see him after I speak." So, I speak. I made my speech. It was a brilliant speech, brilliant. And I saw him, and I said, "John, how's that plant going that you're building in Mexico on the border?" He said, "Sir, they've canceled that plant last week. They're not going to build it because they think you're going to win and they think you're going to put tariffs on the cars, and therefore they're not going to be able to bring any cars into the United States."

Donald Trump: And they said, "If Trump wins, this thing is not going to work at all." But I'll tell you what, that plant will go up so fast if there's a mishap. Here's the good news. There's only one way there can be a mishap, and you know what that way is. And I hope to hell that doesn't happen. I hope to hell that doesn't happen again.

Donald Trump: So, I'm just proud of this guy because he's been on my -- I didn't know who the hell he is. [Audience member calls out "I got your back"]

Unidentified: I got your back.

Donald Trump: I didn't know who he was. All I know is he has very good, strong arms. I'm impressed by his arms. He's a strong guy, but he was a good guy and a smart guy, and he was against the electric cars because he said they're going to be made in China. You know, you're going to get two good years, and after that, nobody's going to work.

Donald Trump: Did you see 37,000 auto jobs were cut this month? Thirty-seven thousand. Yep, more news for it. [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: Well, you can tell them, OK? [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: You tell them. [Audience boos] So, here's the story. They're not building the plant. We're going to build those plants.

Unidentified: Yeah. Thanks to President Trump. Thank you, sir. Thank you. OK, guys. Listen, President Trump is telling you the truth about when we met, and it was a year and a half or so ago. And he asked me questions. He said, "How do you -- how does your industry like these EV mandates?" And I said, "Sir, they don't like them. Nobody wants to buy those. You know, we're not only autoworkers, we're consumers too, right?"

Unidentified: We don't want to drive those things. How do you pull a trailer with four snowmobiles on it up to Traverse City when it's five degrees below zero in an EV? You can't do it. But Kamala Harris thinks she knows better than the experts in Detroit. She wants no more combustion engines, internal combustion engines produced by 2035 because she's smarter than the engineers at General Motors, right? So, President Trump gets it.

Unidentified: Every time we met, we started talking backstage, and he would ask me questions. I'd give him feedback. We'd talk back and forth, and it became kind of a regular thing. So, I got in the habit of coming up here and kind of giving him updates on how things are going in the auto industry. I was holding a rally every week outside of a different auto plant in the Detroit area with a lot of these guys behind me, and we were talking to autoworkers all summer long for four or five months.

Unidentified: And I would ask them, I do my own poll, "What's it like inside? Are they voting for Trump? How's our support?" I'd say, "Do we have majority in there?" They'd say, "Majority, you got 65 percent or 70 percent. We're not voting for Joe Biden and then Kamala Harris." So, don't believe anything you read in the newspaper.

Unidentified: Don't believe anything you see Shawn Fain talking about. [Audience boos] The autoworkers, UAW members, are voting for Donald Trump for president. [Applause] OK, that was -- that's the good news. That's the good news. But now, I got some bad news for you, and this is going to really tick you off and motivate you to get your friends out to vote.

Unidentified: Yesterday, Ford Motor Company sent out notices to all their workers at the Dearborn Ford pickup truck, the lightning 100 percent electric vehicle. They laid everybody off till next year. [Audience boos] All right. So, those people, through the holidays, Thanksgiving, Christmas, New Years, are unemployed. [Audience boos]

Unidentified: We don't know when they're coming back, but it won't be at least until next year. So, I don't know if you saw that news, Now, I got some other news that the people in the back there don't like to talk about, but I'm going to pass it on. Now, this is big news. Because I've been getting called up on stage and I talked to President Trump on a regular basis, three vice presidents at Stellantis reached out to me, through a friend of mine, who's very tied in with the auto industry, and they wanted to give President Trump some bad news about what Stellantis has planned for next year.

Unidentified: But they would only do it on the condition of 100 percent complete anonymity because they would be fired and lose their jobs if it came out that they had leaked this information because they had signed non-disclosure agreements. Now, these are not people on the assembly line, these are not Hi-Lo drivers like I was.

Unidentified: The one gentleman that -- the lead of these three is a vice president of manufacturing. Now he recently retired, but they told me and they sent me all the data and information to back it up and I've gotten it to the proper people that can vet it, check it out, corroborate it, and make sure it's all legit and accurate.

Unidentified: But they told me that the expansions, "expansions" to the plants in Mexico that Stellantis is currently working on to handle additional capacity, those are going to be the only capacity when they get up and running because they're going to move all their American production south of the border to Mexico. [Audience boos]

Unidentified: Now, remember, Stellantis is not an American company. You know, Chrysler's been used and abused like a stepchild. They were bought by Mercedes. They were bought by Fiat. Now they're owned by a French company. So, they don't care about you. They don't care about our jobs. You've heard all the speakers up here today.

Unidentified: Every job in the Detroit area relies on the auto industry, but a French company that owns Chrysler is about to send all the Chrysler production to Mexico. [Audience boos] There's only one way to stop this. There's only one person who will stop it. His name is Donald J. Trump. So, I'm asking you, I'm asking you, when you leave here today, you got two days, Saturday and Sunday, to get every single person in your contact list out to vote, not Tuesday, get them to vote tomorrow and Sunday.

Unidentified: OK? Tell them, do not wait till Tuesday. They got to do it over the weekend. One phone call and they'll know where they got to go, but you got to get them out. And then when they vote, then they can get everybody on their contact list out to vote. We got to make it too big to rig. Let's elect Donald J.

Unidentified: Trump, the 47th president of the United States. McComb County's going to win it for you. We're going to win it. Thank you. [Audience chants "Trump"]

Donald Trump: He's a hell of a guy. That guy, thank you. So, it's something. He loves the country. He loves your state. And tell Stellantis -- I think I'll send him back. He's quite good at delivering a message. Tell Stellantis that if they plan on moving, we're going to charge them a 100 percent tariff on every car they put in, and they won't move.

Donald Trump: You know who said they're going to move? A company -- I buy a lot of stuff from them, a lot. Great company, John Deere is going to move big sections of their company from Iowa, I believe they said, to Mexico. [Audience boos] And I told them -- and I did it through -- in writing. I said that, "If you do it beware, because I'm going to charge you about 100 percent tariff on everything you make to put back. So, if you're going to move from Iowa, and if you're going to move from Iowa to Mexico, and then you think you're going to make it in Mexico and sell it over here and sell it at that cost, not going to happen. We're going to do a 100 percent tariff."

Donald Trump: Then they announced, I believe, that they're no longer making the move, didn't they? I think. That's what I heard. Somebody told me the other day that they announced that they're not making the move. Why would they make the move? It'll cost them much more to make the product over there when we do this.

Donald Trump: In other words, we're going to use -- look, the most beautiful word in the dictionary to me is tariff. I think it's the most beautiful word. It's going to make our country rich. And these stupid people -- look, politicians, there's only two reasons why they wouldn't want to use tariffs. They're stupid or they're corrupt. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: There's no third reason. They're either stupid or they're corrupt. I just stopped the largest plant in the entire world, which would destroy your state. I think this plant made more than all of Detroit put together. You know it's a big -- and I just stopped it, and I'm not even president yet, OK? Think of what I could do when I'm president.

Donald Trump: But I have to find out -- but I'm telling you, I told John Deere, we told them very strongly. We said, "Look, you're going to move out of Iowa. We're putting about 100 percent tariff on anything you make." It was a different kind of a plant. It was parts and this and that. I said, "If you're going to do that, we're putting in a tariff."

Donald Trump: And that was it. I sort of went on to other things like how to get elected very easily. And I heard two days ago that they're not going to build the plants here. So, it's really -- it's pretty good, right? It's pretty good. But you're a hell of a guy. I'll tell you, he's a good -- he's a friend of mine.

Donald Trump: I'll make interest on car loans. So, here's the thing I thought of, and it's funny, it's not that complicated. It's going to do tremendous good for your area because here's what I'm doing. I thought of this idea and then I expanded -- you know, a lot of times you have an idea and then you expand. I was always good financially, and I was always very good on construction.

Donald Trump: In this case, construction doesn't matter. It's finance that matters. And people call me up, it doesn't sound complicated. From Wall Street, 182 IQ guys, brilliant guys. "Where the hell did you ever come up with that idea?" Like as an example, no tax on tips. I did that. Everyone went crazy. Nobody ever heard of it before, right? No, it's true.

Donald Trump: And then that dumb woman, very dumb woman, that low-IQ individual like two months later stood up, "Today, I'd like to announce that we're not going to have tax on tips." And she got booed out of the place, you know? It didn't work -- you'd never heard a second. Nobody talked about it after that because she was -- so, you know, I don't like -- I mean, the one problem with what I do is I do it, and then somebody else copies you.

Donald Trump: But they don't have the brainpower to get it done. So, I had this idea, but then I had a better idea using the first idea. But it's all pretty simple. I'm going to make interest on car loans, fully tax deductible. That's here, right? And people say, "Where the hell did you ever" -- isn't that funny? It's like the paper clip.

Donald Trump: You know, years ago, long before you youngster, years ago, somebody came up with the idea of the paper clip, I think, 129 years ago, a long time ago. And he had a little piece of steel, metal, whatever, he bent it around and start selling it. And everybody saw it. They said, "Why the hell didn't I come up with that idea, right?" The paper clip.

Donald Trump: But this is sort of like that. So, that's fully deductible. That's going to be unbelievable. But here's the problem. I don't give a damn if they buy a car in Japan or China or South Korea, what the hell good does that do for us. So, then I came up with Phase 2 of the same idea, fully tax deductible, but only if the car is made in the US. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: Wow. And I announced it last week up here. I've been up here a lot because we have to win Michigan. We win Michigan. We win Michigan, we win the whole ball of wax because, you know -- and we got to bring John James and all of these great guys with us. We got to bring them with us. But I got calls. So, here it is, number one, the deductibility.

Donald Trump: They said, "Wow, what a great idea." But then number two, you only get it if you make the car in the US. I can't say here, but we'll try steering them to here because I would love -- you know, they've been talking about a renaissance and a rebirth for Detroit for 45 years. And I got into some heat because I said they've been talking about it for 45 years.

Donald Trump: And if it's OK with you, it hasn't exactly happened, OK? You know, I'd like to say it did, but it hasn't. And if I did, you'd hit me on that one, too, but it can happen and I'd love to steer it right over to here where it all began because it's very sad. It's very sad what's happened. But think of it you're going to have deductibility of interest.

Donald Trump: That's a big deal. You're going to be roaring, but I didn't want it to go to China, Japan, South Korea, or any one of 10 other countries. So, I came up with Phase 2, and I said, but only if the car is built in the United States of America. Otherwise, you don't get it. How good is it? You know what? That in itself will spur -- I mean you will be spurred onward to bring back millions of jobs.

Donald Trump: We will give our companies the lowest taxes, the lowest energy costs, the lowest regulatory burdens, and free access to the best and biggest market on the planet. Remember this, you're not going to have a best and biggest market soon. Your market's getting evaporated by incompetent people that are leading it, one guy who has to go to bed at 4:00 in the evening and another woman who's actually not nearly as smart as he is, would you believe this? But only for those who make their product the same thing.

Donald Trump: This is on a bigger scale than the autos. You can build your plant here and we love you. But if you don't build your plant here, you don't get the tariff, you don't get the tax cut, you don't get it. You have to build your plant -- and these guys at Wall Street that are very brilliant guys, they call me up.

Donald Trump: Who the hell gave you these ideas? And yet -- you know, it's just like, it's -- I always say it's like the paperclip. People don't think about it. But think of the idea that deductibility -- that's going to make it great. Vote for Trump, and you will see a mass exodus of manufacturing jobs from Mexico to Michigan, from Shanghai to Sterling Heights, and from Beijing to Detroit.

Donald Trump: Finally, Detroit will benefit, right? And it's easy. And you know what her economic plan is? She doesn't have one, she doesn't have one. She wants to tax companies. You know what happens when you tax them? They leave. A lot of these big companies, you know, they're run by -- they live in Switzerland.

Donald Trump: They have very glamorous lives. They have the life that I could have had if I decided not to do this, actually. [Audience member calls out "We love you."] Somebody said to me, "Are you glad you did it?" I said, "Absolutely, but I could have been on the best beaches in the world." I owned the best beaches in the world.

Donald Trump: I could have had such -- I could have been at the Great Turnberry in Scotland. I could have been anywhere I wanted to be. I could have had those waves smacking me in the face. I could have said that white -- beautiful, white skin that I have would be nice and tan. I got the whitest skin because I never have time to go out in the sun, but I have that beautiful, white -- and you know what? It could have been beautiful, tan, beautiful.

Donald Trump: But you know what? If I had the choice, I wouldn't even think about it. I would do exactly what I've done because we're going to make America great again. We're going to make America great again, greater than ever before. It's true. We're going to pass the Trump Reciprocal Trade Act also. That was very simple reciprocal trade, meaning if China or any other -- I don't want to pick on China because the European Union is almost as bad as China.

Donald Trump: They don't accept your cars. They don't accept your farm products, but they send their farm products here, and they send their cars here by the millions and millions. So, if China or any other country charges 100 percent or 200 percent tax, then we will charge them 100 percent or 200 percent tax in return.

Donald Trump: It's called an eye for an eye, and it will all stop. I will never apologize for defending America. I will protect our workers. I will protect our jobs. I will protect our borders. I will protect our families, and I will protect the birthright of our children to live in the richest and most powerful nation on the face of the earth again.

Donald Trump: And as we rescue our economy, I will also restore our borders because I think it's your biggest problem. I think -- you know inflation is terrible. It's a country buster. The economy is horrible. You saw the numbers. And I hope the fake news is going to write those numbers. There's a lot of fake news back there.

Donald Trump: But I hope you'll be lucky if one guy writes it, it'll be the local Detroit newspaper or something. They don't write those numbers because they want to try and get her elected. Why? I don't know, I don't know. That's the biggest thing I can't understand. Why the hell would you want her? She's horrible.

Donald Trump: But over the past four years, Kamala has orchestrated the most egregious betrayal that any leader in American history has ever inflicted upon its people. She has violated her oath and eradicated our sovereign border, totally eradicated our border, and unleashed an army of gangs and criminal migrants from prisons and jails, insane asylums, and mental institutions from all over the world, from Venezuela to the Congo in Africa.

Donald Trump: Congo -- a lot of people coming in from the Congo. And you know where they live in the Congo? In jails. They're emptying their jails into this country, but they're doing it all over the world in Asia, in the Middle East, and in South America. Venezuela's released big portions of their jails into the United States, and I'm surprised they haven't done more yet.

Donald Trump: They will. It's going to all come in. You'll have 100 percent -- but I would have done it faster than them. I would have done it if I were them. Why would I keep these prisoners for 60 years, the killers and murderers and drug dealers and everything else? They've released them all into the United States.

Donald Trump: And you know what, their crime has gone down by 72 percent? They've gotten their crime -- they've gone into their cities, Caracas and cities, and they've taken the gangs and they've removed their gangs and they've put them into your country. Can you imagine? And this woman and this guy -- but she was in charge of the border.

Donald Trump: Remember, she was in charge of the border. He put her in charge of the border. She is the border czar. She doesn't want to say that because it's been so bad. And by the way, the Border Patrol endorsed me a few days ago with the strongest endorsement they've ever given. They actually said I'm the greatest president in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: I said, "Are you talking about the border?" They said, "No, the border, too. You're the best we ever had on the border, but you're the best president in the history of our country." And then I said, "Does that include Abraham Lincoln, George Washington? Does that include everybody? How about Lincoln, Washington?" You know we had some pretty good ones.

Donald Trump: We had some pretty bad ones, too. A couple that we just had. Here's the good thing. Jimmy Carter has just turned 100. He's going to be a happy man. He's so thrilled because his administration looks totally brilliant compared to the Biden-Kamala administration. So, Jimmy is a happy man today. He's led a brilliant administration by comparison.

Donald Trump: Today, I want to hear, and I want you to hear from a mother just made two days ago, who suffered gravely because her daughter was killed by an illegal migrant, that would have never come in under the Trump policy. And she said that, would have never come in. We have open borders. These killers are coming in at levels that nobody's ever seen. Please watch.

Note: [Begin video clip]

Alexis Nungaray: [Video clip] Sunday night, I asked her to not stay up super late because of her coming to work with me in the morning, first, to do her summer school. She said, "OK." I told her, "Good night and I love you." I went to bed not realizing that that was going to be the last time I saw her. [Video clip] We're best friends.

Jocelyn Nungary: [Video clip] Yeah. Let's go shake it again.

Alexis Nungaray: [Video clip] I woke up to notice she wasn't in her bed. I'm in my heart trying not to lose my mind because I don't know where she is. I finally remembered her phone had a location on and her phone was pinging just two minutes down the road right behind the skate park. I start driving to the direction the phone was being pinged at, and I see a couple of cop cars with lights on.

Alexis Nungaray: [Video clip] I see yellow tape. And immediately my heart drops and sinks to the bottom of my stomach. My daughter's hands and ankles were both bound. She was strangled to death with left with no pants. And I know in my heart she fought incredibly hard. She was not going down without a fight.

Unidentified: [Video clip] We begin with two men we're learning are charged with Capitol murder tonight accused of killing a 12-year-old girl.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Police say these men strangled her before dumping her into that creek. Both men were in the country illegally, apprehended then released by Border Patrol less than three weeks before Jocelyn's death.The men accused of killing Jocelyn Nungaray are affiliated with the gang known for brutal violence.

Alexis Nungaray: [Video clip] Kamala Harris was in charge of immigration in our borders. If we had better border policies and not open borders and not these catch-and-release policies, I truly believe this all could have been prevented. Under her, being vice president of this country, my daughter's life was ripped away from her. She had her entire life ahead of her.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Happy birthday, dear Jocelyn.

Alexis Nungaray: [Video clip] My daughter is six feet in the ground-based off of policies that she is allowed to keep. Kamala Harris did have one job and she not only failed -- not me, and she failed my daughter, she failed Jocelyn. You know, she was only 12. President Trump reached out, gave me his sincerest condolences as not a former president, but just as a father as someone who cares.

Alexis Nungaray: [Video clip] I believe Donald Trump needs to be back in office. I can at least know that my next child will be safe in this country.

Note: [End video clip]

Donald Trump: That's what we're allowing into our country. The day I take the oath of office, the migrant invasion ends and the restoration of our country begins. And the savages charged with brutalizing and murdering precious Jocelyn are members of the same vicious Venezuelan prison gang, Tren de Aragua, that is taking over apartment complexes and unleashing a violent killing spree all over America.

Donald Trump: You probably read in Aurora, Colorado, and I think Colorado has got to vote for Trump because what's happening in Colorado is unbelievable. They're taking over the state. The radical left governor has no idea what to do. The United States is now an occupied country, but it will soon be an occupied country no longer.

Donald Trump: November 5th, 2024, Election Day will be Liberation Day in America. It will be Liberation Day, four days. On day one, I will launch the largest deportation program in American history. [Audience responds affirmatively] I will rescue every city and town that has been invaded and conquered. These towns have been invaded and these towns have been actually conquered.

Donald Trump: Think of it. We're talking about the United States of America, and we will put these vicious and bloodthirsty criminals in jail or at a minimum, kick them the hell out of our country and fast. To expedite removals of Tren de Aragua and other savage gangs like MS-13, I will invoke the Alien Enemies Act of 1798, very tough one.

Donald Trump: To target and dismantle every migrant criminal network operating on American soil. And if they come back into our country, it's an automatic 10 years in jail with no possibility of parole. And I'm hereby calling today -- I am calling for the death penalty for any migrant that kills an American citizen or a law enforcement officer. [Applause]

Donald Trump: And I will immediately ban all sanctuary cities in the United States of America, their sanctuaries for criminals. Despite all the damage she has caused, Kamala has spent the final week of her campaign comparing her political opponents to the most evil mass murderers in history. Three days ago, Joe Biden called our supporters garbage.

Donald Trump: He said we're garbage. [Audience boos] He said we were garbage. It's not nice. Is it not nice, Joe? It was so bad that the White House stenographer was ordered to change the transcript. That's like "60 Minutes," taking out the answer to a question. [Audience boos] Did you see that we sued "60 Minutes" and CBS? But the stenographers who are honest and they reported it, they were told to not put down what he said, put down a different answer.

Donald Trump: They couldn't do it because it's fraud. That's not what they heard. My response to Joe and Kamala is simple. You can't lead America if you don't love Americans, you can't. And you can't be president, if you hate the American people. Kamala's closing message to America is that she hates you. You know, there's got to be something there.

Donald Trump: I think she does. I do believe. You know, she's -- don't forget she's from San Francisco. She's a Marxist or as you would say a communist from San Francisco. She destroyed the greatest city in the country, probably, you know? It's probably the best city in the country, was. My closing message is that I love America and I'm inviting you to join us in building an extraordinary future for our nation.

Donald Trump: My oath of office is an oath of allegiance to you, the American people, and I'm asking for your vote, but I want you to know that whether or not you vote for me when I win, I will fight for you with every breath in my body. I will. [Audience member calls out "Thank you."] What we have built is the biggest, broadest, most incredible coalition in the greatest political movement in American history, MAGA.

Donald Trump: It's the best movement, the biggest movement in the history of our country. I told Joe, I said, "Joe, it means make America great again. It's OK, Joe." We're seeing historic levels of support among Blacks, Hispanics, and Asians, Jews, Catholics, evangelicals, and Mormons. They're all joining our cause in larger numbers than ever before.

Donald Trump: And now, the most amazing thing is happening. We're also winning overwhelming support from your Muslim community right here in Michigan, Muslim and Arab right here in Michigan. That's something. That's progress. And I just came from an incredible meeting with the Lebanese community in Dearborn. Last week, I was honored to be endorsed by a group of some of the most important imams and Muslim leaders in your state.

Donald Trump: And I'm also grateful to the mayors of Dearborn Heights, Bill Bazzi. [Audience calls out "We love you."] Bill Bazzi. Where's Bill? Hello, Bill. Thank you very much for being here. Thank you. And the mayor of Hamtramck. Dr. Amer Ghalib. Doctor, thank you very much, Mr. Mayor. They're great people, many Muslim and Arab Americans and friends and family living in the Middle East -- and Kamala's campaigning with warmongers like Liz Cheney.

Donald Trump: How do you think that is? [Audience boos] They want to get the Arab American vote, they want to get the Muslim votes, so she picks Liz Cheney, whose father virtually destroyed the Middle East, right? I don't think that's -- I don't think it's working out too well. You know, it's interesting, if you give -- you know, Liz Cheney, she talks big.

Donald Trump: Oh, I want war. She always wants war. Every time I was with her in the White House, "We should attack this nation, that nation, nations that people never even heard of, we should attack." She's a big, big, tough guy. You know she's a big tough one. She's a tough one. But if you gave Liz Cheney a gun and put her into battle facing the other side with guns pointing at her, she wouldn't have the courage or the strength or the stamina to even look the enemy in the eye.

Donald Trump: She would have -- she sits back in Washington, "Oh, we ought to go and attack Iran, Iraq. We're going to attack everybody." That's why I broke up with her. All she wanted to do was go to war with everybody because she, like Kamala, is a stupid person. It's easy for her to say she wants to start wars from the comfort of her nice home or her father's lavish home that he got from killing a big portion of the Middle East.

Donald Trump: You know that, right? [Audience boos] You know he headed up a company that was a big company, a big beneficiary of the wars. These war hawks, they want to draft your kids to die in wars, and they will never fight themselves. Liz Cheney wouldn't fight. I'll go with her. I'll go to the Middle East. I'll go wherever she wants, and we'll fight.

Donald Trump: She doesn't have the guts to fight. She's all talk and no action. She lost her seat for Congress from a great state. I love that state. I won that state by, like, 50 points or some crazy number. And she lost to a very good woman who ran against her, Harriet. How good is Harriet? So, Liz Cheney lost by almost 40 points.

Donald Trump: It's the biggest defeat in the history of the United States Congress. No other congressperson lost by that much. She lost by almost 40 points. I've never seen anything like it. If Kamala wins, only death and destruction await because she is the candidate of endless wars. I am the candidate of peace, I am peace.

Donald Trump: People don't believe that. I am peace. But I need every Muslim American in Michigan to get the hell out and vote, please, Mr. Mayors. All right. We got to get them out and vote. No, we want peace. Everybody wants -- who doesn't want peace? Only stupid people like Cheney. No, you give her a gun, "Liz, we're going to a certain location in the world. We're going to fight it out with them."

Donald Trump: Oh, please, I don't want to do -- but when she's there, and it is no consequences, "We should go to war with them," her and that idiot John Bolton who was so stupid. But I loved him. You know why? He'd come into a room with me, would never say anything, and I'd be with foreign leaders. And I didn't even have to act tough because they said, "Look, that moron, John Bolton, he's crazy."

Donald Trump: He's the one with Dick Cheney, got Bush to go into the Middle East, right? Trump is going to go to war with us. And you know what would happen? They'd give me everything I wanted because the guy's a nut job. Kamala Harris' campaign is in total freefall. You see that. The press hates to admit it, you know? I guess they want to hold it -- well, I don't want to be too cute with these statements.

Donald Trump: I want to be a little careful because you got to still get out and vote. But if you get out and vote, we're going to win this thing in records that nobody's ever seen before. You got to get out. Harry, get up and vote. You're going -- you're coming with me, Harry. Get the hell out of that sofa, Harry.

Donald Trump: But I'm watching the game, get out, Harry. Let's go. We're going to vote for the president. Any votes -- and you know what? Harry will feel much better. He's going to feel much better because everyone can see that she's totally unqualified to be the president of the United States, and she is. Everything Kamala says is a lie.

Donald Trump: I watched her yesterday, such lies. Her entire campaign is one hoax and slander after another. But the more they lie, the more they smear, and the more they tell untruths, we have to go out and we have to get to vote. No, she'll say everything, "Trump will never frack." Oh, really? "Trump will never drill."

Donald Trump: Oh, really? I'll drill -- the first day, we're going to start drilling. We're going to make our country rich. Everything she said, "Oh, Trump will end Social Security." No, I'm the one that didn't end it for four years. She's the one that's going to force its ending because the millions of people. Look, we gave you a stat before all the jobs that are leaving, but we gave you a stat -- and what did that stat say? It said that the -- all of our jobs are being taken by the migrants that come into our country illegally.

Donald Trump: And many of those migrants happen to be criminals, and some of them happen to be murderers, and they're taking the jobs away from the Black population and so far, to a lesser extent, from the Hispanic population. But that will change, too. The only way to stop the lies is to swamp them with our votes.

Donald Trump: We're going to swamp them. Kamala has no vision, no ideas. She has no solutions whatsoever. All she can talk -- and it's true. All she can do -- I watched her yesterday. All she can do is talk about Donald Trump.

Note: [Begin video clip]

Kamala Harris: [Video clip] Good evening, everyone. Tonight, I will speak about Donald Trump. Donald Trump, Donald Trump, Donald Trump, Donald Trump, Donald Trump, Donald Trump, Donald Trump, Donald Trump, Donald Trump, Donald Trump, Donald Trump, Donald Trump, Donald Trump, Donald Trump, Donald Trump, Donald Trump, Trump.

Note: [End video clip]

Donald Trump: That was yesterday. I'm watching it. I'm saying, "Oh!" [Audience chants "Donald Trump"] Thank you. No, I was watching yesterday, "Trump, Trump, Trump did it." Why the hell didn't she fix this stuff? I mean, you know, now she's saying, "I'm going to do this or that or this." There are some people who thrive under pressure and there are some people who crack under pressure.

Donald Trump: And the more pressure Kamala has, Kamala -- the more pressure that Kamala has, the worse she's crumbled. I watched her two days ago, she looks -- she's exhausted. I mean I've been doing 62 days without a day off, and I am inspired actually. Crazy, right? I'm actually inspired. I don't know, maybe I shouldn't be, but I am.

Donald Trump: She's so rattled and frightened that she couldn't even do an interview with a great guy named Joe Rogan. Couldn't do it. And if she can't handle an interview, she sure as hell can't handle President Xi. Can't she? She can't handle President Xi of China. She will get overwhelmed. She will melt down, and millions of people will die with her stupidity.

Donald Trump: They got us into Ukraine. We should have never gone into Ukraine. If I was president, you would have never gone into Ukraine. This is not a charity event. This is an election for the biggest and toughest job in human history. This is the biggest job in history. And on top of it, we have to save our country.

Donald Trump: Do you want to lose your life savings because we put a weak and foolish person in the White House? [Audience responds "No"] Do you want to lose your job and maybe your house and pension because Kamala has the economic understanding of a child? [Audience responds "No"] She's like a child. I watch her.

Donald Trump: I'm good at this stuff. I watch her. She doesn't know what the hell she's talking about. And every one of those companies will move. They'll move to Asia. They'll move to Europe, they'll move -- everybody wants those companies, but we do, too. And we're not letting them go. Take a look at what we did with John Deere.

Donald Trump: I mean, I just heard it. I just heard it just recently that John Deere has announced that they're not going to move to Mexico. If they do move to Mexico, they're going to pay a big price because they can sell anywhere they want, but they're not selling in the United States of America, OK? And I like John Deere, and I'm a big customer of John Deere, and maybe they'll red flag me.

Donald Trump: They'll say, "You can't buy from John Deere," and I'll buy from somebody else if I have to. But they're not going to move their manufacturing plants to Mexico unless they want to pay a very big price. This presidency is a job held by Teddy Roosevelt, Abraham Lincoln, Dwight Eisenhower, Ronald Reagan, people of strength and intelligence.

Donald Trump: Would you trust Kamala Harris to talk to Russia or China [Audience boos] and talk them out of a war? Let's talk. I don't think you would. Would you trust her to steer us out of an economic calamity she has put us into? And we are -- right now, we had the lowest job numbers I think I've ever heard. I've never heard of 12,000 jobs.

Donald Trump: John, have you? I don't think so. We've done this for a long time. I don't think I've ever heard of 12,000 jobs. Nothing is more dangerous than to give an immense amount of power to a very weak and incompetent and low-IQ person. That's what you give. You're giving the presidency to a low-IQ person. We had that for four years.

Donald Trump: We can't take another four years. [Audience boos] I mean the mistakes this guy made, and she was there, right? She was there. She approved everything. She said she'd like to have that statement back. You wouldn't put Kamala Harris in charge of literally a kindergarten class. She wouldn't be able to do the job.

Donald Trump: So, at the end of the day, you need to ask yourself, can you afford to put someone this incompetent in charge of our country's future? [Audience responds "No"] No, you can't. On top of it all, Kamala says she would do one thing. Remember this, she would do one thing different, and then she took it back because she forgot the thing.

Donald Trump: So, she said she wouldn't do anything different than Joe Biden which is disqualifying. They've got almost a 90 percent wrong track. You know, right track, wrong track. It's the highest wrong track in the history of our country, almost 90 percent. It's disqualifying. Take a look at this.

Note: [Begin video clip]

Sunny Hostin: [Video clip] Would you have done something differently than President Biden during the past four years?

Kamala Harris: [Video clip] There is not a thing that comes to mind.

Mark Schmitz: [Video clip] I stood there on the tarmac watching you check your watch.

Andrea Mitchell: [Video clip] The chaotic and deadly US evacuation from Afghanistan stunned Americans and the world, and cost the lives of 13 US soldiers.

Sunny Hostin: [Video clip] Would you have done something differently?

Kamala Harris: [Video clip] There is not a thing that comes to mind.

Unidentified: [Video clip] More than 13,000 illegal immigrants convicted of murder have been caught at the border and then released into the United States. [Video clip] An Afghan national is in custody today after being accused of plotting an Election Day terrorist attack. The suspect entered the US on a Special Immigrant Visa.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Gut-wrenching new details in the murder of Georgia nursing student Laken Riley. The illegal immigrant suspect, who, cops say, committed the heinous murder, is a Venezuelan national who crossed the unsecured southern border back in 2022. [Video clip] Two men, investigators say, are in the country illegally from Venezuela are charged with capital murder in the death of Jocelyn Nungaray.

Unidentified: [Video clip] A fifth illegal immigrant, accused of attacking two New York City police officers over the weekend, showed no remorse or regret.

Sunny Hostin: [Video clip] Would you have done something differently?

Kamala Harris: [Video clip] There is not a thing that comes to mind.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Only 18 percent say the economy is in excellent or good condition. US inflation has hit a new 40-year high, increasing by 9.1 percent over the financial year. [Video clip] Authorities saying Tren de Aragua, which has been linked with more than 100 criminal investigations here in the US has now been found operating its criminal enterprise in apartment complexes.

Dana Bash: [Video clip] Were you the last person in the room?

Kamala Harris: [Video clip] Yes.

Note: [End video clip]

Donald Trump: [Audience boos] Wouldn't come to mind, not a thing. Nothing comes to her mind. Let me tell you. It wasn't so much that she -- nothing comes to her mind because she's stupid now. Now, can you imagine? You know the worst thing of all, 325,000 children are missing or dead. They came through the border. Think of that, we're not talking two or three, which is too many.

Donald Trump: Three hundred and twenty-five thousand children went through her stupid open border, and now they're either missing, dead, or slaves. If you want to end this disaster, you must get out and vote. We're pleased to be joined today, and I hope this happens because he's really good, by your next senator from the great state of Michigan, Mike Rogers.

Donald Trump: Mike, thank you. Where is Mike? Come on, Mike. Come on, Mike.

Mike Rogers: Well, thank you, Mr. President, for a couple of things. First of all, standing up for manufacturing in Michigan, that's exciting. You cannot be a great country if you can't build things. Donald J. Trump understands that for our state and our nation. For that, I thank you. I tell you the biggest endorsement we -- and we should be able to drop the mic and be done.

Mike Rogers: Tells you everything you need to know. Mr. President said he got customs or the Border Patrol Agents Association endorsement. Kamala Harris got the IRS agents' endorsement. [Audience boos] Do we need to say any more than that? And I just want to say a quick thing. Thank you, Mr. President, for -- when I look forward to working with you to close this border, I met with a group, and they're called Fentanyl Fathers.

Mike Rogers: And it's parents who have lost children to fentanyl poisoning. Three thousands of our Michigan citizens died last year because of fentanyl poisoning that came across our southern border. I look forward to not only closing the border, but putting those cartels on the terrorist list and make sure that they are held accountable for the deaths that they're bringing to our communities.

Mike Rogers: And we're also going to hold accountable China for the precursors that they're sending there on purpose to kill our children in Michigan and around the country. We can do it. But the only way that we're going to do that is having Donald J. Trump reelected as the 47th president of the United States of America.

Mike Rogers: So, I'm going to extend an invitation to you, Mr. President right here, right now. We're going to both win because we're going to get out and work as hard as we can the next few days. And we're going to take a couple of those plastic fold-up chairs, and we're going to sit outside of the majority leader's office in the Senate.

Mike Rogers: I'm buying the popcorn, and we're going to watch Chuck Schumer schlep out of that office and down the hall so that we can make America great again. Thank you for what you're doing. Thank you for your energy, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you, everybody. Thank you very much. I see a very good Hulk Hogan look-alike. Look at that guy. The only thing I thought is Hulk is about six inches taller, maybe seven, eight, maybe nine. Thank you. You look good. You look damn good anyway. But I know that -- I know Hulk is that tall son of a -- how good was Hulk the other night, right? Wasn't he great? I also want to thank Senators Eric Schmitt and Markwayne Mullin, two of the great senators of our country.

Donald Trump: They're here someplace. And I want to thank them very much. Thank you. Two great senators and brave people. Congressman John James, a friend of mine for a long time, and he's doing a great job. Great job, Joe. And you're doing well. Lisa McClain. Lisa, look at Lisa. These are warriors. These are great people.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Lisa. Thank you. You look great. John Moolenaar. John. Hi John. Thank you, John. Tim Walberg. Thank you, Tim. Good job, Tim. They're great people. They fight hard. They love your state. They love -- I'll tell you, they love this country. And Robert F. Kennedy, Jr., oh, he's so good. He's so good.

Donald Trump: He's so great. Thank you, Bobby. And a man who I implored, I said, "Pete, you got to do it. You got to be Michigan GOP chairman." And he was very, very successful, as you know, politically. He was a great congressman. Everything he did was successful. And he was sort of like me, he didn't need this. And he said, "I'll do it."

Donald Trump: Pete Hoekstra, head of the GOP. Chairman, thank you, great. We're doing OK. We're going to pull it off for days, going to win. He said, "You're going to win." If he says you're going to win, that's the good news. He knows how to win, I can tell you that. Mayor of Riverview, Andrew Swift. Thank you, Andrew.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Andrew. Mayor of Garden City, Mark Jacobs. Thank you, Mark. Got all the big mayors here today. Township supervisor, Grosse Ile, James Budny. Thank you very much. Thank you. Mayor of Southgate, Joseph Kuspa; and City Council President Zoe Kuspa. A little relationship there, I guess. President of the Michigan Police Officers Association, James Tignanelli.

Donald Trump: And he was so nice, he gave me a big award the other day. We have the endorsement of every single police group. And Brian Pannebecker, you met before. And Brian, I want to thank you. Brian Pannebecker. He's been so incredible. And Dr. Massad Boulos, I want to just thank you very much. You've worked so brilliantly with everybody.

Donald Trump: And my friend, Steve Witkoff, who's a great developer and an amazing guy. Thank you, Steve. Here are the facts, just in closing. Kamala is a radical left Marxist, rated even worse than Crazy Bernie Sanders and Pocahontas herself. She destroyed our economy. She was an original creator of the defund the police movement.

Donald Trump: And anybody who wants to defund the police for even one week is not worthy of being president of the United States. [Audience boos] Kamala vowed to abolish ICE. She pledged to confiscate your guns. I don't think so. [Audience boos] Would anybody like to give up their gun? Please stand up. And endorsed a total ban on handgun ownership.

Donald Trump: And she even called for free sex changes for illegal aliens and detention all at taxpayer expense. But perhaps most significant of all, she lied about working at McDonald's. She never lied -- she never worked. She never worked at McDonald's. With your vote this November, we are going to fire Kamala and we are going to save America. [Applause]

Donald Trump: We will cut your taxes, end inflation, slash your prices, raise your wages, and bring thousands and thousands of factories back to America and back to Detroit, Michigan, and Michigan. Thank you. We will build America, we will buy American, and we will hire American. I will end the war in Ukraine. Would have never started if I was president.

Donald Trump: I will stop the chaos in the Middle East. Would have never happened October 7th. And I will prevent World War III from happening. We will crush violent crime and give our police the support, protection, resources, and respect that they so dearly deserve. We will strengthen and modernize our military.

Donald Trump: We will build a missile defense shield, the biggest in the world, all over our country. Made in the USA, much of it made in Michigan. [Audience responds affirmatively] We will rebuild our cities, including our Capitol in Washington, DC, making them safe, clean, and beautiful. Again, our cities are a mess.

Donald Trump: They are a mess, a crime-ridden mess. We will teach our children to love our country, [Audience responds affirmatively] to honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag. And I'm going to put a bill in, if you burn the American flag, you get one year in jail, [Applause] Just happened a few weeks ago in Washington.

Donald Trump: They're burning American flags all over the place. We will get critical race theory and transgender insanity the hell out of our schools. [Applause] And we will keep men out of women's sports. [Applause] I will defend religious liberty, I will restore free speech, and I will defend the right to keep and bear arms, our Second Amendment, which is under siege.

Donald Trump: After years of building up foreign nations, defending foreign borders, and protecting foreign lands, we are finally going to build up our country, defend our borders, and protect our citizens and our lands. And we will stop illegal immigration once and for all. [Audience responds affirmatively] We will not be invaded.

Donald Trump: We will not be occupied. We will not be overrun. We will not be conquered. We will be a free, proud nation once again. We're going to be free and proud. Everyone will prosper, every family will thrive, and every day will be filled with opportunity and hope. And most importantly, it's going to be filled again with the American dream.

Donald Trump: We're going to fill it up with the American dream for you, but for your kids. Your kids want the American dream brought back. But for that to happen, we must defeat Kamala Harris and stop her radical left agenda with a landslide that is too big to rig. Get out and vote. For the past nine years, we have been fighting against the most sinister and corrupt forces on earth.

Donald Trump: You know that. With your vote in this election, you can show them, once and for all, that this nation does not belong to them. This nation belongs to you. [Audience responds affirmatively] It was hardworking patriots like you who built this country. And four days from now, it is hardworking patriots like you who are going to save our country.

Donald Trump: After all, we have been through together, we stand on the verge of the four greatest years in American history. We can do that. It seems unlikely, doesn't it? But we can do it, we're going to do it very fast. With your help from now until Election Day, we will restore America's promise, and we will take back the nation that we love.

Donald Trump: We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. We will never give in, we will never give up, we will never back down, and we will never ever surrender. Together, we will fight, fight, fight and win, win, win. We're going to win again. November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: And together, we will make America powerful again. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America healthy again. Thank you, Bobby. Thank you, Bobby. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Michigan. God bless you all. God bless you, Michigan.