Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-campaign-rally-las-vegas-october-24-2024

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, everybody, and a very big hello, Las Vegas. We love you, Las Vegas. And hello to Nevada. I'm thrilled to be back in this incredible state with thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots. It's great. It's great. And I'd like to begin by asking a very simple question. Are you better off now [Audience responds "No"] than you were four years ago? I don't think so.

Donald Trump: What do you think? No way. No, you were much better off four years ago, five years ago, six years ago, and seven years ago, and eight years ago. This is terrible, what's happening to our country. This is terrible. [Audience member calls out "I love you, Trump."] We have people that are grossly incompetent.

Donald Trump: We have the worst president in the history of the United States. We have the worst vice president in the history of the United States. [Audience boos] And unlike us here tonight, we have an intelligent group of people. You have a man that doesn't need teleprompters. Isn't that nice? But in Georgia, tonight, they say that Kamala has just absolutely bombed.

Donald Trump: She's bombed. It's the big story. In fact, I -- I was going to watch it. I didn't want to come out. I wanted to watch that first. Isn't that terrible? Then I could explain to you what happened. But I hear it was bad tonight. But it's always bad. It's always bad. But I'm here today with a message of hope for all Americans.

Donald Trump: And with your vote in this election, we will end inflation. We, all of us together, we will stop the invasion, and we will bring back the American dream. Something you haven't heard about for about four years. Think about it. Four years ago, we had no inflation. We were energy-independent. We were strong as hell.

Donald Trump: Nobody was playing games with us. Nobody was threatening us. The Middle East wasn't fighting. Russia wasn't going into Ukraine. They never would have gone. What a shame. What a mess we are in the world. The whole world is in a mess. And nuclear war with incompetent people looms. Don't kid yourself. We've never been so close.

Donald Trump: Our country is being crippled and destroyed by Kamala Harris and Biden. But he's, like, not even the president. What's going on with this guy? You know, we're supposed to be talking about the president. We're talking about the vice president who got no votes. Whether you like him or not -- I'm not a big fan, as you probably know.

Donald Trump: But, you know, we had a debate. He didn't do particularly well. I wouldn't say it was the greatest. It was not Winston Churchill. Do we agree? The late great Winston Churchill, who was a great debater, this was not. But he didn't do well. But he went down, and they should have let him. I mean, he got 14 million votes.

Donald Trump: She got no votes. And now, she's imploding worse than him. She's actually imploding if you take a look because look, I'm not supposed to say it, but we are leading by so much. [Applause] [Audience chants "Trump"] No, we're leading by a lot in Nevada. We're leading by a lot in Arizona, Michigan, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, even states that are typically never in play for 50, 60, 70 years.

Donald Trump: There seem -- I'm getting a call, "Sir, New Hampshire is in play." I said, "Oh, that's nice. Let's make a trip. Let's make a trip." But the fact is that states -- other states -- two big states are all in play, and they like us. But you know what? They think she is grossly incompetent. Let's face it.

Donald Trump: She's not doing well. We can't have -- we can't have her as president. We can't have her. We've had that for four years. We're not going to go another four years. [Audience boos] She broke it, and I promise you, I will fix it, and we'll fix it fast. With your support on November 5th, America will be bigger, better, bolder, richer, safer, and stronger than ever before.

Donald Trump: This election is a choice between whether we will have four more years of incompetence, failure, and disaster or whether we will begin the four greatest years in the history of our country. We can do that. It's not too late. It's not too late. A couple of years like this, it will be too late. You'll never put it together again.

Donald Trump: After all the catastrophes that she has caused, Kamala Harris can't say one thing that she'd do differently. Did you see that the other night? Would you name one thing? How about 20? Would you name -- like 25, 30. But I'm asking you to be excited about the future of our country again. You're going to be excited.

Donald Trump: Because this will be America's new golden age. It's going to be the golden age of America. You watch. You watch. And we're off to a little bit of a bad start because we're starting around the minus 30-yard line. But we'll catch up fast. We'll clean up our country. We'll get the criminals the hell out of here that are pouring in, right? Every problem facing us can be solved, but now, the fate of our nation is in your hands because we can't go any longer.

Donald Trump: We're taking it right up to the edge. Nevada, you have to stand up and you have to tell Kamala Harris that you've had enough. You can't take it anymore. She's the worst vice president. She's grossly incompetent. Kamala, Kamala, you're fired. Get out of here. Fired. Fired. Get out. Get the hell out of here.

Donald Trump: We got to fix our country. We got to fix up our country. It's -- it's a nation in decline. Kamala, get the hell out of here. The polls are open for early voting in Nevada every day from now to November 1st. So, get your husband. "Hank. Get the hell out of the couch, Hank. Get up. Get that big fat ass of yours. We're going to -- we're going to go and vote for the president. We're going to turn our country around, Hank. Come on. Let's go, Hank."

Donald Trump: Right? So, get out. Vote Republican up and down the ballot. We're going to do a real job. With your help, 12 days from now -- 12 days. We've been waiting for four years. No, think of it. We did great in 2016. I hate to tell you, we did much better, like millions and millions of votes better. But you know what? Now, what we do is going to be bigger.

Donald Trump: This will be the biggest political event in the history of our country if we win. With your help, 12 days from now, we are going to win Nevada, we are going to defeat Kamala Harris, and we are going to make America great again, right? [Audience chants "USA"] Thank you. What a spirit. What a spirit. [Audience member calls out "Thank you, President Trump."

Donald Trump: ] It's like a pent-up, isn't it? It's like pent-up spirit. It's crazy. [Audience member calls out "We love you."] It's like a -- it's like a boiler waiting to explode. You've been -- you've been waiting for this so long. Get out and vote. Just -- we can't take any chances. Got to get out and vote. That's why they say, "Don't say how well we're doing, sir. Please, please. We've got to get every --"

Donald Trump: If you say how well, they'll say, "Oh, we don't have to vote the president." And then they throw a couple of more votes in there, right? No, we can't let that happen. No, you have to get out and vote. If Kamala gets four more years, she will obliterate our economy, kill millions of jobs, kill thousands of people, too, by the way, and destroy your family finances probably forever. [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: Kamala's inflation has already cost the typical family over $30,000 in higher prices. They all talk -- everybody I speak to, they talk about groceries. You know, such a basic term, groceries [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] the groceries. They mean every single item of grocery because your foods have gone up 50, 60, 70 percent.

Donald Trump: Much more than the fake news tells you. Look at the whole -- [Audience boos] Oh, that's a lot of fake news. Man, that is a lot of fake news. I don't believe it. Wow. [Audience boos] You know, they sort of have a death wish because they don't want to follow me, but they have to because those ratings. Ultimately, it's ratings first for them; country, about fifth.

Donald Trump: I'd say country is about fifth or sixth, right? The great Vivek. Stand up, Vivek. We have Marco Rubio. We have everybody. Marco. We have Marco. We went to a Latino restaurant. They saw Marco, they went crazy. And now, she wants to raise taxes on the typical Las Vegas family by an average of $5,000 a year.

Donald Trump: The only one I've ever known campaigning and raising taxes. [Audience boos] Take a look at the video, please.

Note: [Begin video clip]

Kamala Harris: [Video clip] Joe Biden and I are about to get rid of that tax bill.

Melissa Francis: [Video clip] Calling for a full repeal of President Trump's tax cuts.

Unidentified: [Video clip] If Kamala Harris was elected president, there are many different tax policies which could cripple the economy. But the first thing she wants to do is allow these Trump tax cuts to expire.

Melissa Francis: [Video clip] Even the New York Times admits that 85 percent of the middle class got a tax cut.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Americans will face a hike. The Tax Foundation finding that a couple with two kids making $165,000 a year would have to pay over $2,400 more in taxes.

Kamala Harris: [Video clip] And on day one, I will repeal that tax bill. [Video clip] Joe Biden and I are about to work to get rid of that tax cut. [Video clip] Joe and I are about to get rid of that tax bill. [Video clip] Joe Biden and I are about to get rid of that tax cut.

Meghan McCain: [Video clip] Everything from a 70 to 80 percent tax rate.

Kamala Harris: [Video clip] We've got to increase the corporate tax rate. Part of that is going to be about repealing that tax bill that they just passed. And also looking at estate taxes, they're going to have to go up. [Video clip] We will tax capital gains. [Video clip] But we're going to have to raise corporate taxes.

Rebecca Quick: [Video clip] Taxing unrealized gains just doesn't seem fair in any sense of the word. Because you're paying for schools.

Bharat Ramamurti: [Video clip] When the value of your home goes up, you pay higher taxes even if you don't sell your home.

Joe Kernen: [Video clip] It's tiring.

Rebecca Quick: [Video clip] And it doesn't -- your value of your home never moves the way a stock moves.

Joe Kernen: [Video clip] It's not the same.

Rebecca Quick: [Video clip] To say, "We're going to tax what you don't have." That's a sore point, and it's a big deal. Is that something you think she firmly believes in?

Chris Coons: [Video clip] I think it's part of the proposals of the campaign.

Kamala Harris: [Video clip] Under my plan, there will also be a carbon fee. There has to be some connection between the fee and bad behaviors, and there has to be -- in that we have to monitor whether it's going to be passed on to consumers. But I'm going to tell you, that should never be the reason not to actually put a fee and, in particular, carbon fee.

Note: [End video clip]

Donald Trump: And that's just the beginning with her. Think of it. She wants to tax -- think of what this means. She wants to tax unrealized gains. In other words, you don't know if you have a gain or not. Like Danica over here, she makes a fortune. She makes so much money. I wonder if she would mind paying unrealized because someday you may have a gain, let's tax it.

Donald Trump: I don't know. [Audience member calls out "Boo"] Danica Patrick, great. I've been a fan of yours so long. So talented and so beautiful. But I'm not allowed to say that as a politician, so I will withdraw that statement. You know, today, if you say somebody is beautiful, it's the end of your political career.

Donald Trump: I don't think so. Thank you very much, Danica. [Audience member calls out "Reduce tax"] But this is the only woman or man -- this is the only person I've ever seen that's campaigning on tax hikes. She's going to raise your taxes maybe 70 percent, maybe 80 percent. All my life, I grew up in this stuff and I'd watch the politicians and, you know, "We will cut your taxes."

Donald Trump: I say it because it's true. I'm going to cut your taxes. I gave you the biggest tax cut in the history of our country and the biggest regulation cuts in the history, and we're going to cut them further. That's more like a good politician, but it's also somebody that knows how it has to work. We need that.

Donald Trump: The people don't have the money. We're going to get your interest rates down, too, by the way. Kamala also launched a war on tip workers and service workers here in Nevada, increasing the so-called tip -- you know, she -- she once -- when I said no tax on tips, remember? A month later, she comes out, "And we will have no tax on tips."

Donald Trump: She never said that, and she's never said it again. You're not going to get it. We're going to have no tax on tips. She wanted to increase and did increase the so-called tip allocation tax rate by 60 percent. She raised your tax, and then she's supposed to say no, no tax on tips. In other words, even after Kamala wrecked your economy with inflation, she came after you with tip income, like -- sort of like a vulture would do.

Donald Trump: If she gets four more years, Kamala Harris will pick your pockets bare. By contrast, I will massively cut taxes for workers. And in particular, we will have no tax on tips, no tax on overtime, and no tax on Social Security benefits for our great seniors. All three are very good for this room. Which is the most -- let's do a poll, free poll.

Donald Trump: I won't have to pay 700,000. [Audience member calls out "We love you."] Which do you like more? Ready? We'll go tips, overtime, social security. Which is the -- wait -- which is the -- because you guys -- I mean, you sort of have them in this state. You have them all. Tips is great, but -- but overtime is great, too.

Donald Trump: Ready? Vote for one. You can only -- let's assume you can only have one, which you can't. You're going to get all three. What do you like best? Free poll for Trump. No tax on tips. [Audience responds affirmatively] No tax on overtime. [Audience responds affirmatively] Oh. Whoa. What is that? OK. No tax on Social Security benefits for the seniors. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: Oh. Oh. That's amazing. See, the seniors always win. They always win. Under the Trump administration, we're going to build an economy that lifts up all Americans, including African Americans, Hispanic Americans, and also members of our great Asian American and Pacific Islander community, many of whom are here today, especially so many amazing Nevada Filipinos, right? I have to be honest.

Donald Trump: So, what happened, I came in, and I saw so many people. I said, "Where the hell --" They had the most beautiful -- oh, they had the most beautiful clothing, such bright colors. I said, "Where the hell do all these people come from?" And when they told me, that's why I put that little paragraph in there.

Donald Trump: I said, "We're going to --" It's great. You are the greatest people, hardworking people, and we're going to take care of you. We're going to take care of you. You're going to take care of us. Oh, you're great. No, what -- what spirit, what great spirit. It's an honor to have you here. Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: I appreciate it. Beautiful clothing, the colors. I want to wear colors like that. How would it be if I walked into the Oval Office with some of those colors I saw tonight? I don't know. Maybe -- I don't think -- for me, I don't think it works. But we're pleased to be joined by an incredible leader from the Asian American Pacific community, a lieutenant colonel in the US Army Reserve and a former congresswoman and Democratic presidential candidate, and you just heard her, and she is great and she was -- she is so popular.

Donald Trump: You know, I always say, she's a woman of common sense. I've watched her for a long time. Of course, not that long because she's quite young. But I've watched her for a long time, and I've always loved her since. She doesn't want to go to war with countries that nobody ever heard of that don't want war.

Donald Trump: Tulsi Gabbard. She's great. Thank you. Great job, Tulsi. Great job, Tulsi. Thank you. She's terrific. And we have -- don't forget, Bobby Kennedy is going to straighten out our health. He's going to straighten out our health and all of that stuff. And I don't know if I'm going to have him working too much on the environment.

Donald Trump: I'm a little concerned about that with Bobby. I don't know if I want him playing around with our -- with our liquid gold under our feet. You know, I got to say, "Bobby, work on health." He's great because, you know, I like the liquid gold, I think, more than he is. Oil and gas, I think I like that a little bit more than Bobby.

Donald Trump: But he'll have an impact. No, he's so popular. We introduced him last night. The place went crazy. It went crazy with Tulsi, too. And Tucker Carlson was here last night. He was very popular, really popular. We had a great -- we had a great time last night, but we had about 20,000. Today, we have 29,000 people, and we have 29,000 outside.

Donald Trump: You can fill the place up twice. We broke the record in this place. It's a nice place, by the way. Quite nice. But we have a bigger number of people outside. If anybody would like to give up your seat, please raise your hand. [Audience responds "No"] We have a big number of people outside. It's a great honor.

Donald Trump: You know what, this is the greatest political movement in the history of our country, probably in the history of the world. It's called MAGA. It's called Make America Great Again. It's very simple. When sleepy Joe Biden -- remember, a year ago, he was with the pink wall, and it looked like the devil, and he was saying, "We will stop MAGA. We will stop --"

Donald Trump: He didn't know what the hell it was about. "We will stop MAGA." And we sent him a note, "MAGA means Make America Great Again." So, we will stop making America great again. It's crazy. These people are crazy. To further defeat inflation and bring back our economy, I will terminate -- Kamala is insane -- electric vehicle mandate, and we will immediately end one of the greatest scams in the history of our country, designed by a person that never even studied anything about the environment, AOC plus three.

Donald Trump: You know AOC? "Did you ever take a course on the environment?" "No. No, I didn't." But she said the planet will be dead within 12 years. We've got to be careful. We got to be careful. You know why we got to be careful? Because -- with the environment, don't worry, it's going to be just fine. If we don't have smart people in the White House, it will be dead for another reason, nuclear weapons, and we can't let that happen.

Donald Trump: We can't let that happen because I know the power -- I rebuilt our entire military. I know the power of the nuclear, and we're not going to let that happen. We're not going to let stupid people negotiate for us. And the mandate, the electric -- and by the way, electric cars are great. Elon Musk endorsed us.

Donald Trump: He endorsed us, gave us the great -- you know where he is right now? He's in Pennsylvania campaigning because he thinks this is the most important election in the history of our country. And he's great. And they are great. They're great but for a certain group of people. But we want to have gasoline-propelled cars.

Donald Trump: We want to have hybrids, which are good. Hybrids are good, combination of both. We want to have everything. We -- hydrogen, I don't know about it. I think Danica would know about hydrogen. Hydrogen cars, Danica, they say they're really good, except there's one problem. When there's a mishap, when it explodes a little bit, they cannot even recognize you.

Donald Trump: So, we never want to do that. That's too much. Hydrogen cars, I think we'll -- we'll take a pass on hydrogen. "Sir, your wife was in a little accident." "Oh, what kind of a car?" "Hydrogen." "Where is she?" "We don't know. She's gone. She's gone, sir. She's gone." "Oh, my wife. I want to see my wife again."

Donald Trump: Hydrogen, no, I think we'll pass. They said they've gotten it much better. No, that's not good enough. But we will quickly become energy-independent again. We were energy-independent four years ago. And we will frac, frac, frac and drill, baby, drill, right? We're going to drill. And I'm going to cut your energy bill in half within -- think of this, within 12 months, 50 percent, you're going to have it down.

Donald Trump: And the reason we can do it is we got that liquid gold. We don't know what to do with it. We have so much. We don't use it. And you know what, when that comes down -- because that's what led it up, that and their stupid spending. But the energy is what led it up. They're paying a fortune for energy. We have it under the ground.

Donald Trump: We're going to use our energy. Your energy bills from January 20th, when we take office, will be down 50 percent within 12 months, and everything else will follow. To make housing more affordable, we will open up portions of federal land, which is what you've wanted here so badly, and your governor is doing a good job, by the way.

Donald Trump: We thank him very much, Joe Lombardo, doing a very good job. For large-scale housing construction in those zones, we'll have ultra-low taxes and low regulations to help bring back jobs and factories from foreign lands. We have our jobs going to foreign lands. But I killed the big auto plant in Mexico, right? You know that.

Donald Trump: They're going to build -- they were building the biggest auto plant in the world. You know what happened? I said, "If you build it, you're going to pay a 200 percent tariff," meaning you're not going to be able to sell any cars into the United States. And by doing that, I saved Michigan, I helped South Carolina a lot, but I saved Detroit because they've been decimated so badly over the years.

Donald Trump: Over the decades, they've been devastated. We're going to bring the auto industry back into our country through smart taxation and tariffs and incentives, and we're going to have every car company that wants to sell cars in this country, they're going to be making them in our country. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] And remember the interest rate deduction.

Donald Trump: You buy a car, the interest rate deduction that I am going to get you is only going to pertain if the car is made in America. If it's made someplace else, forget it. It's got to be made in America. I mean, how smart is that? How simple is that? I probably just tripled their production in Detroit. And by the way, we're leading in Michigan by a lot.

Donald Trump: We're leading in Wisconsin by a lot. We're leading in Pennsylvania by a lot. But I'm not supposed to say that. Just forget it. Pretend it's close. Everybody has to -- no, they're afraid that if you hear that, they're not going to vote. I said, "Well, it's a double-edged sword," you know. If we're leading by a lot, they won't think about cheating as much as if we're just leading by a little bit because we got to stop -- we got to make these elections honorable and honest, and we're going to do it.

Donald Trump: We're going to do it. Starting in January, we will give our companies the lowest taxes, the lowest energy costs, the lowest regulatory burdens, and free access to the best and biggest market anywhere on the planet, but only if they make their products here in America and hire American workers. Otherwise, they pay just like everybody else.

Donald Trump: And I say the most beautiful word in the entire dictionary of words is the word tariff. I love tariff. I can make anybody do anything through the use of tariffs. I can keep people out of war. I can keep us out of war. The word tariff is the most beautiful. I think I'll do this just so I don't get myself in trouble.

Donald Trump: I'm going to say the third most beautiful. Love and religion and then the word tariff, then the word tariff. I better do that, right, Vivek? I think I better say love is the most and religion, they're the No. 1, 2. You can switch them back and forth any way you want. This way, I've just protected myself.

Donald Trump: But the third most beautiful word is the word tariff. You know, it really did. Tariffs needed a press agent because all these crooked politicians, they didn't like it. You know, they were all taken care of by foreign countries. They don't like tariffs. But we're doing the tariffs, and we're going to -- you know, I charged China -- China was charged by me hundreds of billions of dollars over the last few years that we were in the administration.

Donald Trump: In fact, Biden hasn't been able to get rid of them because they make so much damn money. They can't justify getting rid of it. He'd love to because they paid him a lot of money, China. They've given him a lot of money. He'd love to be able to reciprocate, right? But no, we have -- we took in hundreds of billions of dollars in China tariffs and other tariffs, too.

Donald Trump: And you can make -- we stayed out of wars. I -- I've been -- as an example, two countries fighting each other for, like, a thousand years. They're always fighting back. And you probably know, I don't want to get involved, but, you know, the countries, back and forth. And I got tired of it. I called them both.

Donald Trump: I said, "Here's the story. You guys have been fighting each other for thousands of years. Stop already." Are you ready to hear? "Two hundred percent tariffs I'm going to put on each of your countries if you -- if you fight. And if you don't fight, you don't have the tariffs. But if you fight --" Now, these are people that kill a lot of people.

Donald Trump: They kill each other for years and years and decades and centuries. I said, "If you keep this up, I'm charging you 200 percent tariffs to do business in the United States, and I want to know immediately. Call me tomorrow." They call me up, "Sir, we have decided not to go into war." I saved a lot of lives just -- [Applause] And, you know, it had nothing to do with me, but I'd rather see people not get killed, OK? And you know what, sadly, zero chance that Putin would have gone into Ukraine if I were president, zero chance.

Donald Trump: What a shame that is, all of the death, and it's far greater than you hear about. When they knocked down those buildings that are three blocks long and 20 stories high and they say one person was slightly injured, no. The death in that whole thing is just -- just crazy. And I'm going to work on that from the day -- hopefully, the day that we win, which is November 5th.

Donald Trump: In the evening -- on the evening of November 5th, I will call Putin, I will call Zelenskyy. I'll say, "We got to stop it." I'm going to try and get it done as president-elect, as president-elect. That'll give me plenty of -- that'll give me plenty of credibility. I don't have to wait till January 20th.

Donald Trump: I'm going to try and get it done sooner than that. It's horrible, the people that are being killed. And October 7th would have never happened with Israel. All those people would never have been killed. Iran was broke. They would not have been able to do it. They weren't giving money to Hezbollah. They weren't giving money to Hamas.

Donald Trump: They didn't have money. They didn't have money. And I was looking to help them. You know, we did a thing called the Abraham Accords and was -- anybody else would have been given the Nobel Prize. Me? They gave Obama the Nobel Prize. He didn't even know why the hell he got it, right? Remember? [Audience boos] He still doesn't.

Donald Trump: He got elected, and they announced he's getting the Nobel Prize. I got elected in a much bigger, better, crazier election, but they gave him the Nobel Prize. "Ladies and gentlemen, the Nobel Prize will be won by Barack Hussein Obama." [Audience boos] Right? Barack Hussein Obama got the Nobel Prize. He didn't even know what -- he actually asked, "Why did I get it? Does anybody know?" Right at the beginning, the early seconds of his administration, and he didn't do a good job either.

Donald Trump: He brought a lot of division and a lot of hatred. And if these companies don't make their products here, then they will pay a tariff when they send their products into the United States for the privilege of competing with our workers and our cherished and now protected companies. We're going to protect these companies.

Donald Trump: They are going to come in by the thousands, and then we're going to protect them. Nobody's going to steal their product, their people, or their company. We're going to protect them through the intelligent use of tariffs. And as you probably heard, this big plant that everyone's talking about that's being built by China in Mexico right along the border, I said, "If they build that plant and if I win, I'm going to put a 200 percent tariff on every car and they're not going to be able to sell a car."

Donald Trump: And you know what happened? They announced last week they're not building the plant because of Trump. I saved Michigan. I saved Detroit. They're not those -- the biggest plant in the world -- the biggest auto plant in the world, and they announced they're not going to build now. They say, "That guy is crazy."

Donald Trump: And we will pass the Trump Reciprocal Trade Act. If China or any other country -- it's not just China -- charges us a 100 or 200 percent tax or tariff, then we will charge them an identical 100 or -- or 200 percent tax or tariff. Here's the story. They charge us, we charge them. You know what's going to happen? They're not going to charge us.

Donald Trump: Very simple. It's called an eye for an eye. I will never apologize for defending America. I will protect our workers. I will protect our jobs. I will protect our borders. I will protect our families. And I will protect the birthright of our children to live in the richest and most powerful nation on the face of the Earth.

Donald Trump: And we're rapidly losing that title. Under Kamala's economy, millions of Americans are suffering because of inflation, and those seniors that are going to get that beautiful -- that beautiful gift, the one of three, on Social Security, they've been hurt so badly because most seniors -- well, I'm a senior.

Donald Trump: Can you believe it? I'm a senior. I don't feel like it. [Audience member calls out "We love you."] They'll say, "He has a conflict of interest by proposing that." Oh, they'll say anything. I have a conflict of interest. I'm a senior and I'm proposing -- I'm proposing some great benefit for the seniors.

Donald Trump: He's giving it to -- watch. They'll come up with something, those people. But the seniors have been hurt so bad by inflation that they're entitled -- they are entitled to what we're getting them in terms of a tax reduction and in terms of getting them some extra because they were devastated. You know, if you look at inflation, I think it's up 60, 70.

Donald Trump: They like to say it's 22, 23. It's not. They don't include the bad ones. But it's way up, and they're in a fixed income. They're entitled to what we're going to get them on Social Security. They really are. But I'm still amazed that they won. I've never done that with -- that they won my little poll, that little poll.

Donald Trump: Those seniors never lose. They just know how to win. But we're losing our jobs, and they can't afford housing or groceries or a car. And yet, Kamala is importing millions and millions of illegals across our borders, letting them come in. Open borders. [Audience boos] They come in, we have no idea who they are, where they come from.

Donald Trump: They come from parts unknown. They come from parts unknown, giving them taxpayer benefits at your expense. They say, "Come to America, we'll give you health care." Try going into a hospital now. [Audience boos] Try going into a hospital. Go to Springfield, Ohio. Try getting into the hospital. They have this beautiful community of 52,000 people, and they just sent 30,000 people into Springfield, Ohio that don't speak English. [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: You used to be sick, you'd go into a hospital. Now, you're sick, and they say, "We can't take you." Every hospital is packed. Every school is packed. The schools are packed with students that don't even speak English. You know what they're looking for now? Interpreters, hundreds of interpreters. Can you believe it? Because the mayor is a very nice man and he wants to help.

Donald Trump: And instead of saying, "I'm sorry. You cannot be here. You have to go back where you came from. You have to." He said, "We want to get interpreters." He's trying to be nice. That's not the way to be. And then you look at Aurora in -- take a look at Aurora in Colorado, where people have better guns, more advanced than most militaries.

Donald Trump: They call it supreme guns. They're supreme. They're the supreme version. They come out of Venezuela and other countries, and they take over real estate by gunpoint. In other words, like me, they're in the real estate business. Isn't that nice? But they don't borrow money to do it. They don't put up their own money.

Donald Trump: They just walk in and start collecting the rents. It's out of control. The governor is petrified. He's petrified. He's a radical left Democrat. And I'll tell you, Colorado -- Colorado is so angry because even Democrats leading -- think of that, though. I'm leading every single -- everybody, Democrat, Republican, and that guy tried to take me off the ballot.

Donald Trump: We're going to win the state of Colorado. We got to win Colorado, just to send a message. So, Colorado, if you're watching, let's send a message back home. They cannot play with our Constitution. You're witnessing the economic oppression of Americans to reward and enrich illegal aliens. But all that stops two weeks from now.

Donald Trump: Think of it, two weeks. Less than two weeks. For four straight years, Kamala Harris has imported an army of illegal alien gang members and migrant criminals from prisons and jails, insane asylums and mental institutions all over the world, from Venezuela to the Congo in Africa, and she has resettled them into a community near you.

Donald Trump: Isn't that lovely? [Audience responds "No"] And really did it, and they will prey. They will prey on innocent Americans that have no idea what we're getting into. When we win on November 5th, the migrant invasion ends and the restoration of our country begins. And one of the deadliest and most vicious migrant gangs that Kamala has allowed to come into our country through her stupid and ridiculous open borders policy is the savage Venezuelan prison gang.

Donald Trump: Isn't that nice? A bunch of guys got together in prison. It's named Tren de Aragua, and it's taking over all sorts of real estate and apartment complexes and unleashing a violent terrorist spree all over America, including Times Square in New York. Take a look. [Audience member calls out "Three Supreme Court justices, thank you."]

Note: [Begin video clip]

Laura Ingraham: [Video clip] Open borders, deadly consequences.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Border crisis. Record-high crossings are putting a strain on cities across America. [Video clip] It is a full-blown invasion. [Video clip] Armed Venezuelan gang members storming an apartment complex in Aurora, Colorado. [Video clip] When people talk about migrant crime, this is what they're talking about.

Unidentified: [Video clip] San Antonio, Texas, just one of the latest cities to have apartment complexes taken over by members of the Venezuelan gang. [Video clip] Biden and Harris had created a program to bring them in under humanitarian parole.

Kamala Harris: [Video clip] I am in favor of saying that we're not going to treat people who are undocumented across the border as criminals.

Unidentified: [Video clip] More than 13,000 illegal immigrants convicted of murder have been released into the United States.

Tammy Nobles: [Video clip] My 20-year-old daughter, Kayla Hamilton, was murdered in her own room. Kayla's murderer was apprehended by Border Patrol crossing illegally into the US.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Kayla's murderer had been improperly released into the United States.

Kasie Hunt: [Video clip] Abolish ICE.

Kamala Harris: [Video clip] Yeah. We need to probably think about starting from scratch.

Jonathan Martinez: [Video clip] More than a dozen people suspected of being Tren de Aragua gang members right here in San Antonio.

Unidentified: [Video clip] The gang members had been terrorizing the apartment complex. [Video clip] New details in the murder of Laken Riley. The illegal immigrant suspect, who cops say committed the heinous murder, is a Venezuelan national.

Tom Cole: [Video clip] And was paroled and released into the country by the Biden administration.

Bill Clinton: [Video clip] If they'd all been properly vetted, that probably wouldn't have happened.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Two men, investigators say, are in the country illegally from Venezuela are charged with capital murder in the death of Jocelyn Nungaray. [Video clip] Martinez Rangel wrapped his arms around Jocelyn's neck, took off her pants, and climbed on top of her. Later strangled Jocelyn to death, and then tied up her hands and feet.

Steve Eagar: [Video clip] Court documents suggest a group of men arrested for beating and robbing a Dallas woman last month are members of a Venezuelan street gang.

Unidentified: [Video clip] The men threatened to cut off her fingers if she did not cooperate. Manuel Hernandez-Hernandez was booked by Colleyville Police just two days earlier and released the day before the robbery. [Video clip] A Peruvian gang leader who was wanted for 23 murders, he was arrested by Border Patrol near Roma, Texas, then released into America.

Note: [End video clip]

Unidentified: [Audience member calls out "Send them back"] [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: And, you know, Border Patrol, last week, they endorsed me. They gave me a full, complete, and unanimous endorsement. And they have every year since I've been involved in politics, every single year. But they're incredible people. But it wasn't the endorsement. It was what they said about her. They said she's the absolute worst thing that could happen to our country.

Donald Trump: And it's hard for them to say that. It's hard for them to say that, but they meant it. The United States is now an occupied country. But it will soon be an occupied country no longer. November 5, 2024 will be Liberation Day in America. We're going to get them out. We're going to get them out. Under Kamala Harris, 13,099 -- and this comes right from Border Patrol.

Donald Trump: And they never did this before. They never gave out these numbers, but they did now because they see it as so serious. Thirteen thousand and ninety-nine illegal alien convicted murderers. These are people in penitentiaries and jails. Prisons all over the world are now on the loose in the United States of America. [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: This summer, an illegal alien from El Salvador was arrested in West Virginia after going on a violent rampage in which he brutally beat a couple with a baseball bat so hard that the police said they've never seen anything like it, repeatedly, over and over again. Then stabbed a man, and then murdered a West Virginia mother of two, and lit the body on fire in a field.

Donald Trump: Kamala Harris released him into custody even though he was convicted of murder [Audience member calls out "Boo"] and a convicted sex offender. And [Audience member calls out "Send them back"] this is a violent person who hit again numerous times. And under her theory, it's just fine. He can do whatever he wants.

Donald Trump: No, we can't do this anymore. Would anybody -- I just happened to have it, and this is -- has anybody heard "The Snake" before? [Audience responds affirmatively] Would you like to hear "The Snake" again? [Audience responds affirmatively] Are you sure? Because it's a nice evening. We have -- is there any place better than being at a Trump rally? [Audience responds "No"] The biggest rally, the greatest movement.

Donald Trump: All right. We'll do "The Snake"? Yes? [Audience responds affirmatively] So, this is a little play on words, not her kind of words, the word salad. I don't -- I don't like the term, but it's sort of true. It's terrible, what she's -- what -- I don't know what's going on in her mind. She's really -- this is "The Snake", and this is really about illegal immigration and people that come into our countries that are murderers, killers, drug dealers, gang members, prisoners of the worst sort from all over the world.

Donald Trump: On her way to work one morning down the path along the lake, a tender-hearted woman saw a poor half-frozen snake. His pretty colored skin had been all frosted with the dew. "Poor thing," she cried, "I'll take you in, and I'll take care of you." "Take me in, oh, tender woman. Take me in for heaven's sake. Take me in, oh, tender woman,"

Donald Trump: sighed the vicious snake. She wrapped him up all cozy in a comforter of silk and laid him by her fireside with some honey and some milk. She hurried home from work that night. And soon as she arrived, she found the pretty snake she'd taken had been survived. "Take me in, oh, tender woman. Take me in for heaven's sake. Take me in, oh, tender woman,"

Donald Trump: cried the vicious snake. She clutched him to her bosom. "You're so beautiful," she cried, "but if I hadn't brought you in by now, you truly would have died." She stroked his pretty skin again and kissed and held him tight, but instead of saying, "Thank you, ma'am," the snake gave her a vicious bite. "Take me in, oh, tender woman. Take me in for heaven's sake. Take me in, oh, tender woman,"

Donald Trump: sighed the vicious snake. "I saved you," cried the woman, "and you've bitten me. But why? You know your bite is poisonous. And now, I'm going to die." "Shut up, silly woman," said the reptile with a grin, "You knew damn well I was a snake before you took me in." And that's what we're doing. That was pretty good.

Donald Trump: That ended up perfectly. I could have done that a hundred times and that wouldn't have happened. You know, that really is just what's happening now. We're letting people in from prisons, and we're letting them in from mental institutions. It's the snake. It's going to bite us like nobody's ever been bitten before.

Donald Trump: You know, in 2019 -- I don't even believe these in 2018. But in 2019, Border Patrol put down zero during my term, four years. 2019, zero terrorists were allowed into our country. We had it down: the drugs, the whole thing, human trafficking, mostly in women. You know, the human trafficking is mostly in women, but, you know, we're missing -- think of this, 325,000 children are missing.

Donald Trump: They're gone. Never to be seen probably again. They're either sex slaves, slaves, or they're dead. Their parents will never see them again. They're missing. They come through the southern border. Think if I did that, think if a Republican did that, what it would be. And the fake news back there never talks about it.

Donald Trump: They won't talk about it. [Audience boos] But they have down -- they have down that, in 2019, zero terrorists were allowed into our country. Now, I think they're probably wrong, but -- because there must be some. And then the next year, they have down as 11, and we captured all 11 and took them the hell out of here.

Donald Trump: But think of this. Now, we have thousands of terrorists coming into our country, unvetted and unchecked. We can't do this. We can't do this. So, "The Snake" is a very interesting old song that was played that I played around with, made it a little bit more apropos. But it's really true, "The snake". It's take me in, oh, vicious woman.

Donald Trump: And it's really -- it's really something. So, she -- actually, she dies. We're going to die. We're going to have a lot of death because these people are just getting used to their surroundings. You know, they're getting used to it. This just started. When I say just started, it started three years ago, at a level that nobody's ever seen before.

Donald Trump: We have to have a safe country. We can't have a safe country when half of the worst terrorists in the world are let free into our country. And we're going to do something about it, and we're going to deport all of them, get them the hell out of here. Nothing good can happen. Nothing good is going to happen.

Donald Trump: And anybody that can be so stupid as to think that that's a good thing and there's only three reasons it can be: they're stupid, which they're not, because anybody that can cheat an elections that well, they're not stupid; they hate our country; or they're trying to get those people to sign up and vote.

Donald Trump: And all three of them are not good. Immediately upon taking the oath of office, I will launch the largest deportation program in American history. I will rescue every town across America that has been invaded and conquered, and we will put -- and that's true. Think of the words towns that have been invaded and conquered.

Donald Trump: They've been conquered. They've been conquered. And a lot of -- it's not everybody is Aurora where they're talking about it. We have many towns that are in the same position and worse, but they don't want to talk about it. It's out of control. And we have a lot of towns that haven't yet been infected, but they're petrified that they will be, and they will be.

Donald Trump: And we will put these vicious and bloodthirsty criminals in jail or kick them the hell out of the country so fast. To expedite removal of Tren de Aragua and MS-13 gang members, the worst in the world -- MS-13, you know about that. They come from South America, and they love knives, and they kill people with knives because it's more deadly than bullets.

Donald Trump: Two young girls in Long Island walking down the street -- a lot of them in Long Island. We got rid of almost all of them. But now, they're coming back under this stupid ridiculous group of people that we have in Washington. Two beautiful 16-year-old girls are walking to school. MS-13 gang during the early morning grabbed them and sliced them up with a knife.

Donald Trump: They didn't want to use a bullet because it's too fast. And they sliced them up, both died. And we did numbers on those guys like you wouldn't believe. Nobody else would have done it. Nobody else would have done it. You have some people that think they should be protected. These are animals that we have to deal with them accordingly or we're not going to have a country left.

Donald Trump: I will invoke the Alien Enemies Act of 1798. Think of that. Think of how far back -- think of how far back we have to go because we have weak politicians that don't deal with these problems correctly, like I did in Washington when they started ripping down our statues. They tried. They didn't get there.

Donald Trump: But I found an old act from the early 1900s that said if you touch one of our beautiful monuments of Lincoln, Washington, any one of them, you get automatically 10 years in jail. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] And -- and they were going a little wild. Do you remember? They were going a little bit wild.

Donald Trump: They were a little out of control. They had ropes around General Jackson. They had ropes around Abraham Lincoln. When they put the rope around Lincoln, I said, "All right. Let's go. Let's go. That's a step too far." It would have been everybody. And they -- they didn't care one way or the other. They're just -- they're mostly just troublemakers.

Donald Trump: They didn't know. They didn't even know it was Lincoln, frankly. But I -- I enacted the act and I had a little news conference. I said, "From this moment forward, anybody that so much as touches one of our beautiful Washington monuments goes to jail for 10 years with no parole, no nothing." And it was a beautiful -- it was a beautiful sight because I looked out of the White House window and I saw thousands of people from the back.

Donald Trump: I watched all of those asses walking away from Washington, and they were gone, and we never heard from them again. It's an amazing thing. We never heard from them again. That was the end of that. But we have to be strong. So, I will invoke the Alien Enemies Act of 1798 to target the migrant criminal network -- and it is a bad one -- operating on American soil.

Donald Trump: We will target them. We will hit them so hard. If you don't, you're not going to survive. This is an army. This is an army that they allowed into our country, an army. And if they come back into our country after being thrown out, it's an automatic 10 years in jail with no possibility of parole. And I'm hereby calling for the death penalty for any migrant that kills an American citizen or law enforcement officer.

Donald Trump: We have no choice. We have no choice because it's not sustainable by any country. It's not sustainable. I will end catch and release. I will end all migrant flights. Think of -- I had a deal with Mexico. You think this was easy? Remain in Mexico. Nobody was allowed into our country. In Tijuana, this was the fastest-growing city in the world, they had hundreds of thousands of people.

Donald Trump: They couldn't come into our country. I said, "One person steps foot into our country without our approval --" In other words, before we check them out. "One person, we're going to put 100 and 200 percent tariffs on everything." And they said, "Sir, whatever you'd like. We would love to keep them. We would love to keep a half a million people in Tijuana."

Donald Trump: And I will outlaw sanctuary cities immediately, and we will ban all welfare and federal benefits for illegals. We are running against the most radical and most incompetent, most unfit vice president in the history of our country. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] No one respects her. No one trusts her.

Donald Trump: You know, President Xi of China, they asked me, he's a friend of mine. I -- I thought he -- you know, we were actually very close. But frankly, COVID, or as I call it the China virus, was a step too far. But we had a very good relationship. Putin, all of them. I know all of them very well. No one takes her seriously.

Donald Trump: Somebody said, "What kind of a man is President Xi of China?" I said, "He's a fierce man." There's nobody in Hollywood that could play the role of him. He's a fierce person, and she will be just -- oh, she'll be gobbled up. They are looking so forward to this. But we're not going to let it happen because we're killing them right now.

Donald Trump: We're beating them so badly. And we're going to keep it going, just get out and vote. Just get out and vote. Don't take any chances. Don't take any chances. Get out and vote. But we're not only running against Kamala. She's really purely a vessel. When you watch her, she's only a vessel. And he's only a vessel, too.

Donald Trump: He was perfect for them. He didn't know where the hell he was. We're running against something far bigger than them, far more powerful than her, which is a massive, vicious, crooked radical left machine that runs today's Democrat Party. That's what we're running against. We're not running against her.

Donald Trump: She's got nothing to say. I know -- I know every player. But this is who we're really fighting. These are the people who are doing such tremendous harm -- just harm to our country with their open borders, record-setting inflation, green new scam deals, and everything else they're doing to our country.

Donald Trump: But we are not going to let it happen any longer. We are going to have the biggest victory in the history of our country on November 5th, and we are going to, very simply, make America great again. We're going to make it great again. Kamala Harris does not have the compassion, the intelligence, or the strength the presidency needs.

Donald Trump: I know what it needs. You meet some people. Among the worst that you're going to meet, though, are in our country. I call it the enemy from within. She can't do the job. She can't put two sentences together. She's an international joke. Every country is joking about how stupid our leadership is, from Biden to Kamala.

Donald Trump: They're a joke all over the world. She's going to end up getting us into World War III, just like he would if he stayed any longer. And on top of it all, she says she would not do one thing differently from crooked Joe Biden, which in itself is totally disqualifying. Take a look at this.

Note: [Begin video clip]

Sunny Hostin: [Video clip] Would you have done something differently than President Biden during the past four years?

Kamala Harris: [Video clip] There is not a thing that comes to mind.

Mark Schmitz: [Video clip] I stood there on the tarmac watching you check your watch.

Andrea Mitchell: [Video clip] The chaotic and deadly US evacuation from Afghanistan stunned Americans and the world and cost the lives of 13 US soldiers.

Sunny Hostin: [Video clip] Would you have done something differently?

Kamala Harris: [Video clip] There is not a thing that comes to mind.

Unidentified: [Video clip] More than 13,000 illegal immigrants convicted of murder have been caught at the border and then released into the United States. [Video clip] An Afghan national is in custody today after being accused of plotting an Election Day terrorist attack. The suspect entered the US on a Special Immigrant Visa.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Gut-wrenching new details in the murder of Georgia nursing student Laken Riley. The illegal immigrant suspect, who cops say committed the heinous murder, is a Venezuelan national who crossed the unsecured southern border back in 2022. [Video clip] Two men, investigators say, are in the country illegally from Venezuela are charged with capital murder in the death of Jocelyn Nungaray.

Unidentified: [Video clip] A fifth illegal immigrant, accused of attacking two New York City police officers over the weekend, showed no remorse or regret.

Sunny Hostin: [Video clip] Would you have done something differently?

Kamala Harris: [Video clip] There is not a thing that comes to mind.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Only 18 percent said the economy is in excellent or good condition. [Video clip] US inflation has hit a new 40-year high, increasing by 9.1 percent over the financial year. [Video clip] Authorities are saying Tren de Aragua, which has been linked with more than 100 criminal investigations here in the US, has now been found operating its criminal enterprise in apartment complexes.

Dana Bash: [Video clip] Were you the last person in the room?

Kamala Harris: [Video clip] Yes.

Note: [End video clip]

Donald Trump: And then, last night, I watched, and I just said, "Just cut out any part. You could cut anything you want, just put it in." Wait until you see this. Go ahead, please.

Note: [Begin video clip]

Anderson Cooper: [Video clip] Is there something you can point to in your life, political life or in your life, in the last four years that you think is a mistake that you have learned from?

Kamala Harris: [Video clip] I mean, I'm -- I -- I've made many mistakes, and they range from, you know, if you've ever parented a child, you know you make lots of mistakes, too. In my role as vice president, I mean, I've probably worked very hard at making sure that I am well-versed on issues [Audience boos] and I think that is very important.

Kamala Harris: [Video clip] It's a mistake not to be well-versed on an issue or feel compelled to answer a question.

Note: [End video clip]

Donald Trump: So, Nevada, if you want to end this disaster that we're going through -- it's not even believable. [Audience member calls out "We love you, Mr. President."] You know, these foreign leaders are very, very streetwise, very smart people, and they're looking at what's going on in our country. And they really don't want me, but, in a certain way, they do want me because the whole world -- like Viktor Orban said, "Put Trump back, and it'll all stop."

Donald Trump: We had no wars. We had nothing. They couldn't play games with us. They couldn't play games. So, you must get out and vote. And you also have to fire your radical left senator, Jacky Rosen, who voted repeatedly for rampant inflation and open borders. And you have to elect a man who, by the way, has given up more to run for the United States Senate than any man in the history of the United States Senate, Sam Brown.

Donald Trump: Sam. Where are you, Sam? [Applause] And you're doing very well, Sam. That man is a hero, and he has given up so much, and he deserves it. And she's -- she's another laughingstock back -- she just votes 100 percent with whoever she's supposed to vote with. She's no good. She's no good for you. She's no good for this -- this area of the world.

Donald Trump: Bad senator, not respected. We have somebody that's a very respected senator. Is Senator Marco Rubio here? Where is Senator Marco Rubio? Where is he? He's around here someplace because we love him. There he is. Marco. Thank you, Marco. Good man. We have Vivek Ramaswamy. By the way, this guy has a hell of a mouthpiece.

Donald Trump: Do you want to hear him for about two minutes? [Audience responds affirmatively] Can you keep it down to two minutes? Come on. Let's go. Get up here, Vivek. What a mouthpiece on him. Oh boy, he's like a machine gun. Come on up here, Vivek. All right. No, he's a great guy, a great future. Please.

Vivek Ramaswamy: I want you to give it up for the greatest president of the 21st century, standing right here, Donald J. Trump. We had a secure border, a growing economy. People were living prosperous lives, with crime going down in this country. We were on the brink of war with North Korea. What happened? We had no major conflicts around the world when this man was our commander in chief.

Vivek Ramaswamy: But I'll tell you this. As great as those four years were, the best we've had in my lifetime of any president who's led us, as great as 2016 to 2020 was, I promise you this, that second Trump term is going to be even greater. And by the time Donald Trump is leaving the White House, those signs you're holding aren't going to say Make America Great Again.

Vivek Ramaswamy: We're just going to say make America greater. MAGA becomes MAG by the time he's done. And let's send him back to the White House. That's how we're going to save our country. President Trump, thank you for everything you've done. Thank you. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Vivek. [Audience member calls out "We love you, Mr. President."] Two and a half years ago, I saw him on a show. I think it was Deface the Nation. "Ladies and gentlemen, you're on Deface the Nation," deface. And he was talking, and I said, "Who the hell is that guy?" And he did damn well. He did damn well.

Donald Trump: He ran and he was incredible. And he's got -- he's got a big future in this party, and we appreciate it, Vivek. So, I alluded a little bit to her before, but a true racing legend, somebody that I've had a lot of respect for. She is really something special. She is a very talented person. And now, she's doing incredibly since leaving racing, which probably still will always be a little bit in racing, but she's an incredible success story, Danica Patrick.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Danica. Please. Thank you very much. Thank you, Danica. Shawne Merriman, the great football player. I look at this guy -- where is he? Where is that guy? I said, "I don't want to get into a fight with him." Thank you. Thank you very much, Shawne. He looks like he could play right now. Kash Patel.

Donald Trump: Where's Kash? Thank you, Kash. Thank you, Kash. Nevada GOP Chair Michael McDonald. Thank you, Michael. How are we doing, Michael? Good? Yeah. We're hearing good things. National Committeewoman Sigal Chattah. Thank you, Sigal. Beautiful family, by the way. Beautiful family. Thank you. And a special guy.

Donald Trump: He's incredible. Turning Point's Charlie Kirk and all of those people that came with him. He's special. He is a special talent, and he's out there fighting. He's out fighting for those registrations and the votes and making sure everything is honest. He's out there with a big army, and he's got all these very beautiful young people.

Donald Trump: He likes young people, and they are powerful. People have no idea how many young people there are that are conservatives in this country. People have no idea. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] An actress and an incredible fighter. I will not mess with her. Gina Carano. Thank you, Gina. Thank you. She's great.

Donald Trump: And a friend of mine, UFC champion, a man who you don't want to mess around with. He grew up in the streets of Miami at a young age, nine, and he was tougher than everybody else. He was tougher. And some rich guy from Miami saw this guy beating up everybody. He was nine years old. At 12, they put him into a gym, and it continued.

Donald Trump: He beat the hell out of everyone. Danica, this is somebody you don't want to fight with. And then he became one of the best fighters in the world in the UFC with Dana White. Dana White is one of the great fighters, too, I'll tell you. Dana White. And this man has, I believe still, like three seconds, the quickest knockout in the -- and I was there for that fight.

Donald Trump: I think it was like two and a half or three seconds. He pretended he was, like, bored. The bell is getting like -- he's like this. It's just like -- you know, I say, "What's wrong with him?" And then he was like a flash, boom, and he runs across the ring and jumped through the air, and he hit the guy in the face with his knee.

Donald Trump: The whole thing -- he was out, and it's the fastest knockout in the history of the UFC. Jorge Masvidal. Where is he? Where is he? This guy, I'm not going to fight him. I will -- I refuse to fight him. He's too mean, and he's stone-cold mean. But to me, he's nice. To me, he's nice. He's great. Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: And he's helped us so much with the Hispanic vote. I won Miami. Can you believe it? No Republican wins -- I won Miami because they love that guy, right? He's a great fighter, a great champion. So, here are the final facts and conclusion on Kamala Harris. She's a radical left Marxist, rated even worse than crazy Bernie Sanders or Pocahontas herself.

Donald Trump: She destroyed our economy. She was an original creator of defund the police movement, and anybody who wants to defund the police for even one week is not worthy of being president of the United States. Kamala Harris vowed to abolish ICE. She vowed repeatedly to ban fracking. As California attorney general, she redefined child sex trafficking, assault with a deadly weapon, and rape of an unconscious person as nonviolent crimes. [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: She pledged to confiscate everybody's gun. Anybody that has a gun, you get -- your gun will be -- she made this pledge. This is where she is, by the way. People don't change. Confiscate your gun, endorse a total ban on handgun ownership. She even called for free sex changes for illegal aliens in detention.

Donald Trump: Think of that. [Audience boos] You're an illegal alien and you're in detention and you call for a sex change operation, and she feels you have an obligation to do it. This is not going to be the president of our country. All at taxpayer expense. And then, as you probably saw, a few days ago, we had a little -- we had a little interesting visit to McDonald's, right? That turned out to be a big deal.

Donald Trump: I actually -- I got a call from a great guy, the head of Google. He said, "This is one of the hottest things. We have never seen anything like this." That was a big deal. That was a big deal. It was crazy. But you know why I did that? I went there just -- you never know how something's going to turn out, right? You know, you go.

Donald Trump: I say, "Oh, I don't know. Should we be doing this? This is a little hokey. Should we --" But I did it to just highlight the fact that for years, she said, "I worked at McDonald's. I -- oh, I was over the french fry bin. I made french fries. The heat was so incredible. I had to do it." There was only one problem.

Donald Trump: She never worked at McDonald's. It was a lie. So, I ended up going there for about 15 minutes, and it became quite -- quite -- I'll tell you what, we had 29,000 people surrounding it. We weren't sure if we were going to even be able to get out. We didn't know. That was quite the visit. But that was to highlight the fact -- so I was there, let's say, for 15 minutes.

Donald Trump: That means I worked at McDonald's for 15 minutes more than Kamala. But you know what it shows? That she's a liar. And she's still saying, "Yeah, I sort of worked there. But now, you know, everyone's gone." We -- McDonald's tends to keep good records. We said, "Let's see your tax records." She didn't have any.

Donald Trump: Let's see anything, give us anything that -- nobody. Then we went to the manager. He's been there a long time. No, she never worked here. She's a liar. And on top of all this, Kamala turned and wants to turn our military woke. [Audience boos] Take a look at this. Take a look at this.

Note: [Begin video clip]

R. Lee Ermey: [Video clip] You little scumbag. I got your name. I got your ass. You will not laugh. You will not cry. You will learn by the number.

Rachel Levine: [Video clip] Happy Pride. Happy Pride Month. And actually, let's declare it a summer of Pride.

R. Lee Ermey: [Video clip] So, you're a killer?

Matthew Modine: [Video clip] Sir, yes, sir.

R. Lee Ermey: [Video clip] Let me see your war face.

Matthew Modine: [Video clip] Sir?

R. Lee Ermey: [Video clip] You got a war face? Ahh! That's a war face. Now, let me see your war face.

Matthew Modine: [Video clip] Ahh!

R. Lee Ermey: [Video clip] Bullshit. You didn't convince me. Let me see your real war face.

Matthew Modine: [Video clip] Ahh!

Kylie Minogue: [Video clip] Padam. Padam. I hear it and I know. Padam. Padam. I know you want to take --

R. Lee Ermey: [Video clip] You will be a weapon. You will be a minister of death praying for war. But until that day, you are pukes. You are the lowest form of life on Earth. You are not even human fucking beings. You are nothing but an organized grabastic pieces of amphibian shit.

Qveen Herby: [Video clip] How to Abracadabra. These bitches know I got answers. The way I --

R. Lee Ermey: [Video clip] It looks to me like the best part of you ran down the crack of your mama's ass and ended up as a brown stain on the mattress. [Video clip] I love working for Uncle Sam.

Marines: [Video clip] I love working for Uncle Sam.

R. Lee Ermey: [Video clip] Lets me know just who I am.

Marines: [Video clip] Lets me know just who I am.

R. Lee Ermey: [Video clip] One, two, three, four. United States Marine Corps.

Marines: [Video clip] One, two, three, four. United States Marine Corps.

Note: [End video clip]

Donald Trump: Jorge, we won two world wars. Now, we're a little different. But you know what the truth is? We defeated ISIS 100 percent in record time. We have a great military. It's only those stiffs at top like Milley and Mattis and these characters that are on television. They're a bunch of stiffs. Kelly, real stiffs.

Donald Trump: But we have great generals. We defeated ISIS in record time. They thought it was going to take five years. When I came in, we did it in a matter of weeks. So, like you fight, Jorge, just like you fight, that's the way we fight. And those guys are never going woke. You could put them in a woke cage for two years and open the door and they'll come out fighting.

Donald Trump: They'll come out, "Our military is great." And they proved that with ISIS. They -- once they had somebody that knew what they were doing, they proved it. Nobody has a better military. I rebuilt the entire US military. Unfortunately, we gave a lot of it, but still not very much, relatively, but we gave a lot of it to Afghanistan.

Donald Trump: What a mistake. What a bunch of dopes. Remember this. They took the military out first. No, you take the military out last. So stupid, so sad. Fifteen -- you take a look at what happened. Thirteen people died, great people. I got to know a lot of the parents and the family members. They're great people, and they are devastated and especially because it should have never happened.

Donald Trump: We gave up billions of dollars of equipment. We left American soldiers behind, and we left Bagram, the air base, the great air base, one of the greatest in the world. And you know who occupies it now? I want it. I was keeping it. China occupies it now. One hour away from China -- forget about Afghanistan.

Donald Trump: One hour away from where China makes their nuclear weapons and we gave it up like nothing. It cost billions of dollars many years ago. In conclusion, with your vote this November, we are going to fire Kamala and we are going to save America. With your support, we will cut your taxes, end inflation, slash your prices, raise your wages, and bring thousands of factories back to America and back to Nevada.

Donald Trump: We will build American, we will buy American, and we will hire American. I will end the war in Ukraine very quickly, I will stop the chaos in the Middle East, and I will prevent World War III 100 percent. You're not going to have World War III. We will crush violent crime and give our police the support, protection, resources, and respect that they so dearly deserve.

Donald Trump: We will strengthen and modernize our military. We will build a massive missile defense shield around our country, all made in the USA. A lot of it will be made in Nevada. We will rebuild our cities, including our capital in Washington, DC, making them safe, clean, and beautiful again. We will teach our children to love our country, to honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag.

Donald Trump: And I will put a bill before Congress that anybody burning our American flag goes to jail for one year automatically. And you saw that happen three months ago in Washington when they had riots and they were burning our American flag all over the place and they were putting spray paint all over the beautiful lions as the entrance to one of our most beautiful buildings.

Donald Trump: And you know it's limestone. Limestone is a very porous stone. I was very good at this. You'll never get that limestone -- you'll see that in a hundred years, those scars that they put on the limestone because it goes right into that, paint. There's not a damn thing you can do about it. And they weren't arrested.

Donald Trump: Nothing happened to them. We will get critical race theory and transgender insanity the hell out of our schools. And we will keep men out of women's sports. I will defend religious liberty, I will restore free speech, and I will defend the right to keep and bear arms, our Second Amendment. After years of building up foreign nations, defending foreign borders, and protecting foreign lands, we are finally going to build up our country, defend our borders, and protect our citizens.

Donald Trump: That's what's going to happen. And we will stop illegal immigration once and for all. We will not be invaded. We will not be occupied. We will not be conquered. We will be a free and proud nation once again. Everyone will prosper. Every family will thrive. And every day will be filled with opportunity and hope.

Donald Trump: And the American dream is going to come back. But for that to happen, we must defeat Kamala Harris and stop her radical left agenda with a landslide that is too big to rig. Early voting is underway. And, everyone, get out of here and start voting. After all we have been through together, we stand on the verge of the four greatest years in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: There will be great years. With your help from now until Election Day, we will redeem America's promise. We will put America first and we will take back the nation that we love. We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. We will never give in, we will never give up, we will never back down, and we will never ever surrender.

Donald Trump: Together, we will fight, fight, fight and we will win, win, win. November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country. And together, we will make America powerful again, we will make America wealthy again, we will make America healthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America proud again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again.

Donald Trump: God bless you, Nevada. God bless you. God bless you, all.