Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-campaign-rally-traverse-city-michigan-october-25-2024

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you very much. I am so sorry. Here's what they wanted to do. We got so tied up, and I figured you wouldn't mind too much because we're trying to win. And I got interviewed by, actually, a great guy. I didn't know him too well, but I got to know him because it was the longest interview I've ever done in my life.

Donald Trump: Joe Rogan, a good guy. And it's a -- you know, it's quite something, and we had some other things, really important. And I said, "You know, we're going to get this stuff done." And my people came to me. "Sir, we could cancel our evening event. I'm sure the people wouldn't mind." I said, "Are you crazy? I'm not canceling."

Donald Trump: There's no way. I'm not canceling. There's no way. We never even -- so I apologize. But, you know, it's all about winning. We got to win. And we did some things today that will help us win. I think we did a lot of taping. A lot of this, a lot of that, a lot of everything. And we're way up. I'm not supposed to say that, but we're way up, not only the polls but the early voting.

Donald Trump: I guess we're leading in all seven swing states. [Applause] OK. Forget I said it. Forget it. Because everybody has to go out and vote. Who's voted so far? Who's going to vote? I always figured you like to vote a little bit late. This party just likes to vote a little bit late, and that's OK. I understood it.

Donald Trump: I never went crazy over the one or the other, but we're leading, actually, in places where traditionally, the Republicans don't lead. In fact, they can go down 30, and then they catch them at the end, right? But a little scary, a little spooky. But we're leading in just about every one, right? Just about every one.

Donald Trump: And it's usually, they lead, and then we catch them. And in our case, we usually beat them. We did great in 2016. We did much better in 2020. But, you know, a lot of bad things happened there. But this one, this one blows it away because we've never had enthusiasm like this. And part of the reason is they're so bad.

Donald Trump: You know, you got a little dose of bad management. You got a little dose of incompetent people. You know where she is tonight? She's out partying. So, Israel is attacking. We got a war going on, and she's out partying. At least we're working to make America great again. That's what we're doing. [Applause] Kamala, Kamala, she's the worst president in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: She's the worst vice president in the history of our country. She was on CNN the other night, two nights ago. She couldn't put two sentences together. This is not going to be our president. We better not let that happen. It'll be the end of our country. So, I want to say a very big hello, Michigan. I'm thrilled to be back in this incredible state with thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots.

Donald Trump: And I'd like to begin by asking a very simple question. Are you better off now than you were four years ago? [Audience responds "No"] Yes, thank you all very much. We're going to have a good time. Look, I figured we're going to be a little bit later. It wouldn't matter. It's a Friday night, right? You lose total track.

Donald Trump: Remember when Biden used to get up, and he'd say, "It's great to be in Idaho." "Sir, you're in New Hampshire." "Oh." You know, if you do that, if you make that mistake, it doesn't matter. Winston Churchill was a great speaker. If you made that mistake, it doesn't matter who it is. The evening's over.

Donald Trump: You're dead. But he used to make it all the time, right? "It's great to be in Florida," and then you'd see it'd be Vermont or someplace. Crazy. Well, we've gone through with this group of incompetent people. And, you know, what? We couldn't stand four more years -- or you couldn't stand another -- I'm not sure we can stand another three, four months of it if you want to really know the truth.

Donald Trump: But I'm here today with a message of hope for all Americans. With your vote in this election, I will end inflation. I will stop the invasion of criminals into our country, and I will bring back the American dream. We're going to bring it back. [Applause] And this is all you really need to know. They broke it, and I'll fix it.

Donald Trump: We're going to fix it, and we're going to fix it fast. We're going to fix it fast. With your support on November 5th, America will be bigger, better, bolder, richer, safer, and stronger than ever before. We're going to be -- we're going to do it. We got a lot of work to do. You know, when they allowed 21 million people to come into our country in three and a half years -- think of it.

Donald Trump: It's much more than that, I believe. They have no idea. Nobody even has any idea. You don't even know how big the country is. Is it 325? Is it 350? You know, countries usually know approximately what size -- they allowed so many people. You have no idea how big the country is, but we'll figure it out.

Donald Trump: But we're going to get rid of the bad ones real fast. We have to. We have no choice. And this election is a choice between whether we will have and whether we're going to have four more years of incompetence and failure or whether we will begin the four greatest years in the history of our country. We're going to do that.

Donald Trump: Kamala Harris, Kamala, Kamala. [Audience boos] She's so bad, you know. No, no. She's so bad. Can you imagine? President Xi, he's a fierce person. Somebody said, "What's he like?" I said, "He's fierce." He walks in. We say hello. "We will immediately get back to work." You know, he's fierce. There's no games.

Donald Trump: You know, there's no games. When he sees this, he can't believe it. I guarantee you that. What the hell has happened to our country? So, I say this. They say the biggest thing -- on the polling, the biggest thing they have is the economy, and then they have inflation, and then they have the border. And I disagree.

Donald Trump: I think the border is No. 1. I think the border and the inflation is terrible, and the economy stinks because of the inflation. It stinks because of the inflation. But I think the biggest thing is the border because they have allowed millions of people to come in from prisons and from mental institutions and destroy our country.

Donald Trump: And we're not going to let that happen. But I really believe -- does anybody agree with that? Because I do. [Audience responds affirmatively] Kamala Harris is leading a hate campaign now. She's got a new thing going. You know, I think now they're calling me a dictator. So, they started off where I was a dictator.

Donald Trump: None of it worked. Then they went to "He's an evil genius." That didn't work. Then they went "He's a dumb son of a bitch." That didn't work. That didn't last long. That didn't last too long. Then they went back to the dictator stuff. They don't know what they're doing, those poor people, those poor, lost souls.

Donald Trump: They're like lost souls. They're radical-left lunatic Democrats, and they all suffer from Trump derangement syndrome at a level -- and she's joining. I saw Hillary today. We're having a big thing on Sunday at Madison Square Garden. And I guess in the 1930s or something, some guy who was inclined toward the Nazis had something, and she said "It's just like the 1930s."

Donald Trump: No, it's not. No, no. This is called Make America Great Again. That's all it's called. [Applause] This is not like -- you know, Hillary conceded. I don't know what's going on with her. 3:00, 3:01 in the morning, she called me, and she conceded. I don't have to tell you the whole story, but she conceded.

Donald Trump: I don't want to be rude to her. Why would I be rude to her? She's rude to me. Why wouldn't I be rude to her? Well, I am. You know, when the crowd used to shout, "Lock her up, lock her up," they shout -- and I used to go, right, "Just relax. We're going to win." And then we won, and they still said, "Lock her up," and I said, "Just relax. We just won. Just take it easy,"

Donald Trump: because I couldn't see the wife of a president of the United States being put in the hoosegow, right? I couldn't see it, being put in jail, being put in prison. And, you know, she was also secretary of State, and I hear her talking like -- you know, there's never been a man investigated like Donald J.

Donald Trump: Trump, not Al Capone. Alphonse Capone, if he had dinner with you and didn't like you, you were a dead person. I spent more time under investigation than Scarface Al Capone. But it's amazing. So, there are a lot of people that wanted to put her in jail. They didn't give a damn. I said no, "You can't do that, the wife of a president."

Donald Trump: And then I get in there, and they go after me, these animals, these dirty animals. I'm leading a movement of optimism and confidence and hope, and I'm asking you to be excited about the future of our country again because there's nothing to be excited with these idiots running it. [Applause] You're going to start thinking about the big dream and the American dream.

Donald Trump: You're going to start dreaming again, and this will be America's new golden age. We're going to make it the golden age. We have a little bit of a -- you know, we're sort of behind the one-yard line. We got to get rid of some of the problems that they've caused. But the reason the enthusiasm is so good is because of that.

Donald Trump: If we would have done it the more traditional way, like you win and you win and then you retire, I guess, for the rest of your life, right? What the hell. So, we won, and we won, but they said, "I'm sorry." And then we won again. We won -- think of it. We'll say we won three times, but we don't want -- we don't want the results of the second.

Donald Trump: We don't want those results, but we're going to clean up the results of the second, and we're going to clean them up good because the results of the second -- you take a look at the crime in our country, take a look at the crime. It's never been like this. When I was debating that fake newscaster on ABC, David Muir, a fake, a fake sleazebag -- [Audience boos] I don't watch him anymore.

Donald Trump: Everything I'd say, he'd say, "Well, no, no." I'd say crime is through the roof. It's rampant. He'd say, "No, no, crime is down." I said only a stupid person would say crime -- you don't have to know anything. You don't have to see statistics. The crime is up. And then when you add the migrant crime, which is going to make even our crime look like peanuts -- and by the way, these migrant criminals, the only thing good about them is they make our criminals look like nice people, very nice people.

Donald Trump: Every problem facing us can be solved, but now the fate of our nation is in your hands, and it really is. You know, if we win Michigan, we win the whole thing, the whole thing. [Applause] And you have to vote for me. I just killed the biggest car plant anywhere in the world, in Mexico, owned by China.

Donald Trump: I just killed it. It's dead. It's dead. Detroit would have closed up. This thing is so big, and I heard about it. I've been talking about it. I've been up here a lot. I talked in front of the Detroit Economic Club. It was very nice. And I talked about these plants that are being built in Mexico, near the border.

Donald Trump: They're going to make cars and sell them into the United States. It's going to be like making crackers. Owned by China. And they were going to come through, and they were going to destroy your business up here. You've already -- I mean, your business, over the years, look over the last 30, 40 years, it's been decimated compared to what it was.

Donald Trump: We're going to bring the car industry back to Michigan. We're going to bring it back to Detroit. But I heard about this big one in particular, but this massive plant's going to be built. And they're all set. You heard the story. A friend of mine, he builds plants. I said, "Take me to a plant. I want to see a plant."

Donald Trump: He said, "We'll have to go to Mexico." I said, "No, I want to see one in the United States." He said, "Well, there's no big one being built by comparison. You want to see the big ones, you got to go to Mexico." I said, "You got to be kidding. What's this all about?" And he said, "No, we're building some really big ones for China."

Donald Trump: So, I immediately thought -- I said, "How do we kill those suckers?" And I said, "We're going to put 100, 200, 400, 700 -- we're going to put the biggest tariffs. There won't be one damn car that's going to be able to come through our border." And I said -- I announced it. And at the club, I announced, and then, you know, a week ago, I was -- two weeks ago, I was at an event, and I look, and I see the guy's name is John, great guy.

Donald Trump: He's the big guy. He's the one that builds a lot of the plants, most of them. He's really amazing, actually. That's what he does. If you -- if he had to build a little apartment someplace, I don't know if he could do it, but he can build a plant that's two miles long, and he's great at it. And I said, "How's that plant coming?" This was a year ago, the first time I met him.

Donald Trump: And he said, "Well, sir, they just canceled the plant." "Who just canceled it?" "China and Mexico is furious." "Why are they furious?" "Because the plant was canceled." I said, "Really? Why did they cancel it?" "Because they said they thought you were going to win and that if you win, you're going to put big tariffs on them, and they're never going to sell any cars into America and destroy Detroit. And they just canceled it."

Donald Trump: So, we're happy, right? I just found out about it a few days ago. So, we just killed what would have been the biggest plant probably anywhere in the world that was going to destroy the state of Michigan. So, you're going to now vote for Trump because, let me tell you, Kamala is never going to be doing that.

Donald Trump: Kamala doesn't know she's alive. If you watched her, if you watched her being interviewed by Allison Cooper the other night, who's a nice person -- do you know Allison Cooper? CNN fake news. Oh, she said, "No, his name's Anderson." Oh, no. If you watch that interview, you would never want her as your president.

Donald Trump: She couldn't answer the simplest question. What's going to be the first thing you think about? What are you going to do? "I grew up with a beautiful lawn." She said that in the debate, too, the same stuff. I had David Muir and that other one. I don't even know who the hell her name is. I don't want to know her name.

Donald Trump: Somebody said, "Oh, we'll get her name, sir." I said, "I don't want to know her name. Why would I want to know her name? Just say Madam No Name." But they were hitting me left and right. They're the worst. I'll tell you, actually, ABC might be the worst. But I think "60 Minutes" has really topped it, though.

Donald Trump: 60 Minutes interviewed Kamala, and she was incapable of answering questions. And they took the main question, like one of the early but a big question. They asked, and it was -- I don't like the word "word salad." I mean, it's like stupid. But it was just a big jumble of words. It was just like rambling on.

Donald Trump: It didn't go anywhere. And, OK, they asked the question. They took it out, threw it away, and they put a brand-new answer in that was a fake answer. Didn't even pertain to that question. And they got caught. And to me, it's the biggest scandal in broadcast history. It's election interference fraud, and "60 Minutes" should be taken off the air.

Donald Trump: They should. And CBS should lose its license. You know, the government, the government gives us license to NBC fake news, ABC fake news, and CBS fake news. They have to pay. If they had to pay, they'd pay billions of dollars. They get them for nothing. They pay nothing. They're public airways, they pay nothing.

Donald Trump: And, you know, what? The one thing is you have to be honest, and they were very dishonest. And ABC was very dishonest with David Muir when he just never asked her anything. Everything I answered, boom, they would criticize. And they were wrong on, I think, all of them, and all of her answers were wrong.

Donald Trump: They never questioned her. This is interference with an election, but worse than that, I think, honestly, with "60 Minutes," they took her answer out and put a new answer in. [Audience boos] Do you think they'd do that for me if I gave a bad answer? [Audience responds "No"] You know what they do with me? I give a long, beautiful, flowing, weaving answer.

Donald Trump: It's the weave. I call it the weave. You have to be very smart to do it. The main thing is you have to end up in the right location. If you end up out here, that's no good. But I call it the weave. What they'll do with me is they'll take out a piece and another piece, you know, and that's bad. But it's not like they can say, "Well, we want to shorten the answer. You know we have time, right? We need time."

Donald Trump: But they took this -- and so, I think it's the worst thing. And we're going to be suing them because -- and I'm suing them on behalf of you. I'm not suing them for me. I'm not suing them for me. I'm suing them for you because that's really a fraud on the American people. So, why should they get a free license when they do that stuff? They're so biased.

Donald Trump: It's so disgusting. And you don't get the real picture of a candidate when they do that. You don't realize she's close to a moron, OK? You don't realize that because they give you another answer. It wasn't a great answer, but at least it was, like, semi-normal. So, we're going to probably sue them. I think we're going to sue them.

Donald Trump: Should I sue them or not? [Audience responds affirmatively] All right. Stay tuned. Stay tuned. It'll happen fast. It's such an easy thing. How do you go -- how do they go to court and say, "Well, Your Honor, we did it, but -- " I mean, that was a big thing. How do you -- it's got to be very embarrassing for them.

Donald Trump: They have no answer. They actually said they have no answer for it. They got caught cheating. And we want the rest of their answers because they probably did it with other answers, too, right, because this woman -- can you imagine this is going to be your president? I don't think so. Michigan, you have to stand up, and you have to tell Kamala Harris that "You've been a horrible, horrible vice president.

Donald Trump: You've destroyed San Francisco when you were the DA. You were horrible as the attorney general working with Gavin Newscum. You destroyed California. You're a disgrace to your nation. You shouldn't be running for president. You picked the dumbest vice president in history, maybe even dumber than you." This guy is the dumbest guy. What a choice. Somebody said, "

Donald Trump: You got lucky, sir." "Why?" "They picked this guy. He's dumb as a rock." Of course, you could make the case that -- you know, there's a theory. Pick a really bad vice president. That way they never get rid of you. So, maybe she did a very smart thing. Who knows? But we're going to say, "Kamala, you're horrible.

Donald Trump: Kamala, you're fired. Get the hell out of here. You're useless. You're horrible. You're horrible." I'll tell you what -- can you believe, though? She's out celebrating. You know what she -- how do you celebrate when you're down by, like, a lot? Do they realize it? Because, you know, the votes are so -- this isn't even polls anymore.

Donald Trump: These are the votes of, you know -- and if they come in, even not like they're coming in now, even, you know, less good. And, you know, things can happen. Number one, they cheat like hell. So, maybe they know something that we don't, right? They might know something that we don't. I don't know. Why the hell would she be celebrating when you're down? Maybe -- I never thought of that.

Donald Trump: Maybe she knows something we don't. But we're not -- we're not going to let it happen. We're not going to let it happen. We can't let it happen. But the polls are open for early voting here in Michigan, and we're setting all-time records in the votes. You know, the votes are -- you're setting all-time records in the votes because people -- look at this place.

Donald Trump: I mean, it's -- what is it? What time is it tonight? What the hell. What is it? Right? It's 11. He said it's 11. I mean, it's freezing out. Is anybody cold? I'm not cold. [Audience responds "No"] I'm not cold. So, we're setting records with the votes. The early voting is records. The Trump people are coming out.

Donald Trump: They're voting like crazy. And, you know, typically, we get our voting -- the big voting that we get is at the end. So, if we were anywhere near tied, and we're more than tied, we're going to have a big time. It's going to be the greatest -- it will be the single greatest political victory in the history of our country, right? MAGA, Make America Great Again.

Donald Trump: So, let's keep going. Don't let up. I shouldn't have told you what I told you tonight. But look, now, I have an excuse. I said, "Well, we made a mistake." No, no, I shouldn't have said -- they said, "Don't tell them, sir. Don't let them keep -- " You have to vote anyway because you can't trust them, right? Too big to rig, too big to rig.

Donald Trump: We have to bury the hatred and the lies and the avalanche, and we have to do it in an avalanche of votes. And every time you see a smear, every time you hear them attack, take the motivation to go out and vote, vote, vote. You just go and vote. And get your friends and tell your girlfriend -- she's got a husband.

Donald Trump: He's a big slob of a guy. And tell him to get the hell off the couch. "Harry, you big slob, get off the couch. We're going to vote for the president. We're going to make America great again." We're going to make it great. Got to get them. Got to get them. With your help, 11 days from now, we're going to win Michigan.

Donald Trump: We're going to defeat Kamala Harris, and we're going to make America great again. [Applause] For generations, this state was the beating heart of the car industry and one of the greatest manufacturing centers anywhere in history. Yes. OK. Doctor, please. Doctor, thank you. Take your time, doctor. Take your time.

Donald Trump: Plenty of time. [Audience chants "USA"] Are they OK? Everybody OK? You all right? You let us know when. We got plenty of time. We love our people. They have a little problem. They have a little problem. We're OK. We'll wait. We don't give a damn, right? I'll tell you, we have such great doctors in these audiences.

Donald Trump: You know, you need a doctor, and those doctors are all over there. Great doctors, too. Great, great doctors. How's that going? Let's go. OK. Thank you. Let's go. But year after year, globalist politicians like Kamala Harris sold you out, and they let other countries loot, pillage, and plunder our wealth, our jobs, and our dreams.

Donald Trump: They just stole it from us like we're a bunch of babies. Forty percent of Michigan auto jobs were annihilated after NAFTA, the worst deal -- trade deal ever made. And I terminated it, by the way, if you don't mind for the USMCA. And China's entry into the World Trade Organization was a disaster for this country, and they got all sorts of favorable trade status.

Donald Trump: They said they were a developing nation. Well, Detroit's a developing area. You can't say Detroit is exactly -- you know, when I said -- the other day, last time I was here, I said, "We got to bring Detroit -- " Because honestly, for 45 years, I've been hearing Detroit, Detroit. We're going to make it great.

Donald Trump: But when I sort of gave it a little knock, I said, "Let's face it. We've been ripped in Detroit. We got to make Detroit -- " They said, "He was disparaging." I'm not disparaging. I'm telling you the facts. You need businesses to come back into this place. You need businesses. Otherwise, forget it. You can't make it, and people have to understand it.

Donald Trump: I guess probably a couple of politicians were hurt by that. I said, "Don't be hurt. You'll be happy when we have auto plants moving in all over the place because we're going to do tariffs, and we're going to do tax incentives and all this. You'll have so many plants and so many jobs, your head will spin. We're going to be bringing back the companies that we lost."

Donald Trump: We lost companies that were -- just so stupid how we lost them, and we lost them because we had dumb politicians. They're all coming back, every single one of them, because they want to be here. Under Kamala, the United States has lost 50,000 manufacturing jobs just in this year alone. You didn't know that, right? [Audience boos] U.

Donald Trump: S. car sales are down 38 percent since I left office. Think of that. So, you lost 50,000 jobs this year, and the car sales down 38 percent. I mean, a little more, you had -- just think of it, almost 50 percent of you in just a short period of time. So, where the hell are you going? You have this union guy.

Donald Trump: They want to make all-electric cars. We're going to end the mandate for electric cars on day 1, on day 1. And electric cars are great, and Tesla is great, and Elon is great. He is the greatest guy, by the way. He gave me the -- and there's a great market for them, but they can't all be electric. You need -- we have liquid gold.

Donald Trump: We have gasoline. We have oil and gas. We have gasoline. China doesn't have gasoline. And the electric cars are all going to be made in China. That's the way it is. That's the way it is. So, we're going to change it around. We're going to have hybrids. We're going to have gasoline-powered cars. We're going to have electric cars.

Donald Trump: We're going to have everything. Maybe not hydrogen cars. You know why? Because they blow up, and when they blow up, you are not recognizable. I just said -- today, I said -- your husband's driving a hybrid, and it blows up. "Ma'am, would you please come down and identify your husband?" He's alongside of that tree.

Donald Trump: And you go like this. "I don't know if that's him." No, I don't like that idea. They say they work pretty well. That's not good. They work pretty well. But when they don't work, you can forget it. I think we should take them off our schedule, all right? So, you got to vote for Trump, and you will see a mass exodus of manufacturing jobs from Mexico to Michigan, from Shanghai to Sterling Heights, and from Beijing to right here in Traverse City.

Donald Trump: Isn't that nice? Nice place, nice place. [Applause] And you people are great. I can't believe it. You know, I figured when I got here, there'd be like 20 people, and I was ready to do the full -- look at this place. It goes back. I wish the cameras would show it, these cameras, the fake news. That's a lot of fake news, too, I got to tell you. [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: Look, that's a lot of fake news. I wish you'd show -- they never show the crowds, you know. They never show it. You ever see Kamala's crowd? They put like 10 people. They bus them in. They take a bus, and they pay people. That's true. They pay people. They don't get people. They put them like that, and the camera always shows those people.

Donald Trump: I don't know. It's so crazy, isn't it? We don't have buses bringing people. The people come here. And we appreciate that you stay, really. I mean, look at that, all the way to the back. Starting in January, we will give our companies the lowest taxes, the lowest energy cost, the lowest regulatory burdens, and free access to the biggest and best market on the planet.

Donald Trump: But we're not always going to be the best market. We're close to blowing it. We'll be -- we'll blow it, and we will lose everything. And we're going to keep our dollar standard, by the way, 100 percent. We're going to lose that. And we're not going to go into World War III, little things like that. The centerpiece of this plan will be a 15 percent Made in America corporate tax rate, cutting the tax from 21 percent to 15.

Donald Trump: Now, I'm the one -- it was almost 40. I got it down to 21. But here's the key. We're going to cut it all the way down to 15. The jobs are going to be flowing, companies because it's going to be about the most competitive rate in the world. But only for those who make their product here in the USA and hire American workers for the job. [Applause]

Donald Trump: You're going to have more people coming in than you would believe. And you will -- you'll see. I mean, it's incredible. You know, Wall Street, these four or five geniuses from Wall Street called, and they said, "Where the hell did you get that idea? You get the tax cut but only if you build the cars here."

Donald Trump: The other thing we're doing, I will tell you now, is we get you interest rates. We get you the interest. You're allowed to deduct it when you buy a car but only if the car is made in, like, Detroit, meaning the USA. Anywhere in the USA is OK. But I would like to see it built here because I've been hearing about this experiment.

Donald Trump: For 45 years, I've been hearing about it, and we're going to turn it around. We're going to do it. It's going to be a great legacy for all of us. And if these companies don't make their products here, then they will pay a stiff tariff when they sell --look, when they put their products into our country, into the United States, for the privilege of competing with our workers, they're taking our workers away.

Donald Trump: They're taking our jobs away. They're taking our product and our companies away. We're not going to let it happen. So, they're going to have to pay a very stiff price to do that. But what they're going to do is they're going to bring their business here because that way, they have no tariff to pay. It's sort of simple, and it's what China has been doing for a long time.

Donald Trump: And I've been telling them for a long time. And what they're doing is unbelievable. These politicians are either dumb or they're crooked, OK? And I think it's probably a combination of both. We'll also pass the Trump Reciprocal Trade Act, reciprocal meaning if China or any other country charges us 100 or 200 percent tax, then we will charge them a reciprocal tax of 100 or 200 percent.

Donald Trump: Right now, we don't do that. And I was starting it, and then we had a little bad election result, would you say? Think of what this country would be like. We wouldn't have inflation. You wouldn't have any wars because if you look at Iran, they were broke. They had no money to give to Hamas. They had no money to give to Hezbollah.

Donald Trump: They had no money. And they were -- there was no terror. You know, there was -- four years, we had no terror. Russia would never have attacked Ukraine. They wouldn't have done it. Think of it. We had gasoline at -- I thought it was 1.87. It was 1.84. It was just adjusted, 1.84 a gallon, think of that.

Donald Trump: Would you like to have $1.84 a gallon instead of $4? [Audience responds affirmatively] I will never apologize for defending America. I will protect our workers. I will protect our jobs. I will protect our borders. I will protect our families. And you know what I said? They said, "Please don't say that, sir."

Donald Trump: I think women like me, but they say we're doing unbelievable with men. They've never had anything like it. White men, Black men, men like me. They say women don't, and I say they do because we're going to protect. And I said, "I'm going to protect women and families. I'm going to protect from the criminals coming in from the border."

Donald Trump: We're getting them out from foreign bad players, from criminals, period. We're going to protect. They said, "Sir, please don't say you're going to protect women." "Why?" "Because it doesn't sound really well." I said, "I think it sounds fine. We want to protect." I mean, that's our job. We have to protect.

Donald Trump: So, I think I should override my experts. Do you agree? [Audience responds affirmatively] We're going to override them if you don't mind. And I will protect the birthright of our children to live in the richest and most powerful nation on the face of the Earth. And thank you very much. If Kamala gets four more years, she will obliterate our economy, kill millions of jobs, and destroy your family finances forever.

Donald Trump: That's what's going to happen. You'll end up -- if this person who doesn't know anything -- she wants to raise taxes on everybody. If she gets in, you're going to have a 1929-style depression. That's what's going to be. It's going to be a disaster. You see it already. Think of it, almost -- look at all the jobs I just said.

Donald Trump: You're losing all your jobs in three and a half years. They're going backwards. And you had the worst inflation in the history of our country, and an inflation is a country buster. But with all of that, the border is worse. The border is worse. I don't give a damn how bad the inflation is. What's coming into our country, the murderers that are coming in, all these people, that's the worst thing.

Donald Trump: Kamala's inflation nightmare has already cost the typical family over $30,000 in higher prices. And now, she wants to raise the typical family taxes by more than $3,000 a year. Lots of luck. All my life, I've watched politicians. They say, "We will lower taxes." This is the only stupid politician. She's going around.

Donald Trump: She's trying to run. "I will raise your taxes." She's bragging about it. "I will raise your taxes." I'm saying, "Am I missing something here?" I don't know. We have some great people here, we're going to introduce them in a second, and some of the best in the world at exactly what we're talking about.

Donald Trump: The Taxing Queen, as she's called, is also demanding a shocking 33 percent tax hike on all domestic production, all along the largest capital -- she wants the largest capital gain increase in our history, and it's unbelievable. Take a look at this video. You're getting a beautiful video late in the evening.

Donald Trump: It's beautiful. Play a little music. Go ahead,

Note: [Begin video clip]

Unidentified: [Video clip] Kamala Harris is going to significantly raise taxes.

Kamala Harris: [Video clip] Taxes are going to have to go up.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Kamala's plan will raise families' taxes by nearly $2,600 a year. Under Kamala, prices have already soared. Now, she'd make it worse with even higher taxes.

Kamala Harris: [Video clip] Taxes are going to have to go up.

Unidentified: [Video clip] President Trump will cut taxes again. No taxes on tips, overtime, or Social Security.

Donald Trump: [Video clip] I'm Donald J. Trump, and I approve this message.

Note: [End video clip]

Donald Trump: Thank you. So, I am going to massively cut taxes for the workers, and included in that is no tax on tips, no tax on overtime, and no tax on Social Security for our great seniors. [Applause] And we're going to get it done, too.

Donald Trump: Did you see where she copied me like a month and a half later? "I am going to announce no tax on tips." That's the last time we ever heard of it. Not going to happen. She wouldn't be able to get it passed anyway. We will quickly become energy independent, and we will frac, frac, frac and drill, baby, drill, right? We're going to drill, baby, drill.

Donald Trump: And I'm going to cut your energy prices in half, 50 percent. We're going to cut them in half in 12 months. We're going to cut your energy prices down. You know why? We have the liquid gold. We can do it. We buy our oil now from Venezuela. Can you believe it? Venezuela. It's not oil, it's tar. And the only refinery that can do it is in Houston, Texas.

Donald Trump: So, for the environmentalists out there, that stuff is dirty. That's dirty. And we have the best stuff in the world, the most -- we have the most and we have the best, and we're going to use it. And we're going to cut down on our debt, and we're going to cut down on everything. We're going to turn this country around so fast.

Donald Trump: But your energy bills, your car, your air-conditioning, your heating, your hot water, everything, it's going to be -- from January 20th, one year from now, you're going to pay half, and you'll be able to do it. And that's going to bring down other prices, including food prices. People are talking about groceries all the time.

Donald Trump: That's going to bring them down. As we restore our economy, we will also secure our borders. Over the past four years, Kamala has orchestrated the most egregious betrayal that any leader in American history has ever inflicted on our people. That's the border. She's eradicated our sovereign border, and she has unleashed an army of migrant gangs who are waging a campaign of violence and terror against our citizens.

Donald Trump: You're reading about it every day. They said, "Oh, no, they're fine people coming in." They're not fine people. They got murderers. You got drug dealers. Kamala has imported an invasion of criminal migrants from prisons and jails, insane asylums, and mental institutions all around the world, from Venezuela to the Congo.

Donald Trump: And she's resettled them into your communities to prey upon innocent American people. And, you know, a lot of communities have them. And the ones that don't are even more scared because they don't want them. They don't want them. They're saying, "Please don't send them." And these are rough people. Some of them are really deadly people.

Donald Trump: One of the deadliest and most vicious migrant gangs that Kamala has imported into our country is the savage Venezuelan prison gang. Isn't that nice? They formed a group in prison. Tren de Aragua. It's very well known. MS-13 is another one. That's taking over apartment complexes in Colorado and unleashing a violent killing spree all over America.

Donald Trump: They've even taken over a place called Times Square in New York City. It's a horrible thing going on in New York. Let's take a look. [Begin videotape]

Note: [Begin video clip]

Laura Ingraham: [Video clip] Open borders, deadly consequences.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Border crisis. Record-high crossings are putting a strain on cities across America. It is a full-blown invasion. [Video clip] Armed Venezuelan gang members storming an apartment complex in Aurora, Colorado. [Video clip] When people talk about migrant crime, this is what they're talking about.

Unidentified: [Video clip] San Antonio, Texas, just one of the latest cities to have apartment complexes taken over by members of the Venezuelan gang. [Video clip] Biden and Harris had created a program to bring them in under humanitarian parole.

Kamala Harris: [Video clip] I am in favor of saying that we're not going to treat people who are undocumented across the border as criminals.

Unidentified: [Video clip] More than 13,000 illegal immigrants convicted of murder have been released into the United States.

Tammy Nobles: [Video clip] My 20-year-old daughter, Kayla Hamilton, was murdered in her own room. Kayla's murderer was apprehended by Border Patrol crossing illegally into the U.S.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Kayla's murderer had been improperly released into the United States. [Video clip] Abolish ICE.

Kamala Harris: [Video clip] Yeah. We need to probably think about starting from scratch.

Jonathan Martinez: [Video clip] More than a dozen people suspected of being Tren de Aragua gang members right here in San Antonio.

Unidentified: [Video clip] The gang members had been terrorizing the apartment complex. [Video clip] New details in the murder of Laken Riley. [Video clip] The illegal immigrant suspect, who cops say committed the heinous murder, is a Venezuelan national.

Tom Cole: [Video clip] And was paroled and released into the country by the Biden administration.

Unidentified: [Video clip] If they had all been properly vetted, that probably wouldn't have happened. [Video clip] Two men, investigators say, are in the country illegally from Venezuela are charged with capital murder and the death of Jocelyn Nungaray. [Video clip] Martinez-Rangel wrapped his arms around Jocelyn's neck, took off her pants, and climbed on top her.

Unidentified: [Video clip] He later strangled Jocelyn to death and then tied up her hands and feet.

Steve Eagar: [Video clip] Court documents suggest a group of men arrested for beating and robbing a Dallas woman last month are members of a Venezuelan street gang.

Unidentified: [Video clip] The man threatened to cut off her fingers if she did not cooperate. Manuel Hernandez-Hernandez was booked by Colleyville Police just two days earlier and released the day before the robbery. [Video clip] A Peruvian gang leader who was wanted for 23 murders, who was arrested by Border Patrol near Rolla, Texas, then released into America.

Note: [End video clip]

Donald Trump: It's terrible. This is what we have coming into our country. It's terrible. The United States is now an occupied country. We're an occupied country, and you don't maybe see it around here as much, and who knows, but you probably will. But all over, all over, they're seeing it. And they're also taking Hispanic jobs and Black jobs.

Donald Trump: They're taking jobs from the Black population and the Hispanic population. And this crummy administration that we have is trying to hold back the numbers. The numbers are astronomical. Wait till you see the numbers of the Black population lost jobs and the Hispanic population lost jobs, and they're trying to hold it till after the election is over because it's a disaster.

Donald Trump: And I think they're going to be forced. You know, just like they had 818,000 phony jobs. Remember that a couple of months ago? And they didn't release it. They wanted to release the correction after the election. But we had a whistleblower, who I like very much. I don't know who he is or she is, but I like -- but they announced it before the election.

Donald Trump: And it would have been a scandal if it were anybody else, but them -- but they tried -- they created 818,000 phony jobs to pad their numbers. But it will soon be really an occupied country no longer. We're not going to have a country that's occupied. We're an occupied country. November 5th, 2024, will be Liberation Day in America.

Donald Trump: We're going to have Liberation Day. We're going to get them out. Kamala Harris is so grossly incompetent and unfit that she's obviously disqualified from being the president of the United States. How can you have a president of the United States -- and by the way, the Border Patrol -- go ahead. Take your time.

Donald Trump: Such spirit here. It's amazing, isn't it? Everyone loves everyone. It's a great thing. Everyone loves -- yeah, take your time, doctor, please. Should we listen to a nice song while we wait? OK. "Ave Maria" by Pavarotti. Want to do it? We'll listen to a song. I want the doctors to take their time. All right.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you, doctors. Thank you very much. No one respects Kamala. No one trusts her. No one takes her seriously. And from humiliating our country in Afghanistan with Biden and her, the greatest humiliation in the history of our country, the time when we were most embarrassed by something, we've never been embarrassed like that, to the invasion of Ukraine, to the nightmare on our border, to her inflation catastrophe, to her egregious hurricane response, it's been so horrible.

Donald Trump: Their response in North Carolina was horrible, worse than Katrina if you remember Katrina. The worst. Kamala Harris is a train wreck who has destroyed everything in her path. She can't speak. She doesn't know how to speak. She can't put sentences together. To make her president would be to gamble with the lives of millions and millions of people.

Donald Trump: We'd have a major possibility of getting into World War III, which will never happen with us. They're never going to play games with us. Because she's grossly incompetent. She is not capable of doing the job. And normally, I wouldn't be that tough on somebody. But you know what? We can't take a chance.

Donald Trump: You got to just get this -- you got to get this horrible group of people the hell out of there. We're not going to have a country left. We love our country. We're not going to have a country left. Kamala is also in total freefall with the Arab and Muslim population in Michigan. She's in a freefall. She sent their jobs overseas, brought crime to their cities, and tonight, in the Middle East, it's like a tinderbox.

Donald Trump: It's ready to explode. People are being killed at levels that we've never seen before. And that's taking place right now in Michigan. She is in literally a freefall. They've had it with her. Nobody's in charge. Joe Biden is asleep. Kamala is at a dance party with Beyonce. [Audience boos] And why would Muslims support Kamala when she embraces Muslim-hating Liz Cheney? Can you believe it? Liz Cheney, a total loser whose father brought years of war and death to the Middle East.

Donald Trump: Why would you support somebody -- if you're from the Middle East or even associated with the Middle East, why would you be supporting somebody with a Cheney family? The father killed more Arabs than any human being on earth. He pushed Bush, and they went into the Middle East. This person cannot be a president.

Donald Trump: She's too weak, too foolish. To represent America on the world stage would be a great embarrassment, and we don't have four years -- we just went through four years. We don't have four years to waste. Earlier this month, I was honored to receive the endorsement of over 400 national security and foreign policy officials.

Donald Trump: Think of this. But I can't get the press to write about it. You know, they have some dope like Bolton and this stupid General Kelly as dumb as a rock. They have these people. They get front -- I get 400 people from my administration, the biggest people. They're saying, "He was the greatest president."

Donald Trump: They won't write the story about it. But we understand. In the meantime, we're in first place, and they're not. So, somebody understands. Because they're fake news, they don't write the story. And great people, too. They're great people. But they know that under my leadership, we will have peace through strength, and that's what we had.

Donald Trump: We didn't have any wars other than we took out ISIS in record time because we have great -- we have a great military, not the ones that you see on television, the dopes like Milley and Mattis and these guys, real dopes. On top of it all, Kamala says she'd do nothing differently from Joe Biden, which has to disqualify her.

Donald Trump: I would do nothing differently. You know how bad a job he did? Eighty-nine percent wrong way. She would do nothing differently. Take a look. [Begin videotape]

Note: [Begin video clip]

Sunny Hostin: [Video clip] Would you have done something differently than President Biden during the past four years?

Kamala Harris: [Video clip] There is not a thing that comes to mind.

Mark Schmitz: [Video clip] I stood there on the tarmac, watching you check your watch.

Andrea Mitchell: [Video clip] The chaotic and deadly U.S. evacuation from Afghanistan stunned Americans and the world and cost the lives of 13 U.S. soldiers.

Sunny Hostin: [Video clip] Would you have done something differently?

Kamala Harris: [Video clip] There is not a thing that comes to mind.

Unidentified: [Video clip] More than 13,000 illegal immigrants convicted of murder have been caught at the border and then released into the United States. [Video clip] An Afghan national is in custody today after being accused of plotting an Election Day terrorist attack. The suspect entered the U.S. on a Special Immigrant Visa.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Gut-wrenching new details in the murder of Georgia nursing student, Laken Riley. The illegal immigrant suspect, who cops say committed the heinous murder, is a Venezuelan national who crossed the unsecured southern border back in 2022. [Video clip] Two men, investigators say, are in the country illegally from Venezuela are charged with capital murder in the death of Jocelyn Nungaray.

Unidentified: [Video clip] A fifth illegal immigrant accused of attacking two New York City police officers over the weekend showed no remorse or regret.

Sunny Hostin: [Video clip] Would you have done something differently?

Kamala Harris: [Video clip] There is not a thing that comes to mind.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Only 18 percent say the economy is in excellent or good condition. [Video clip] U.S. inflation has hit a new 40-year high, increasing by 9.1 percent over the financial year.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Authorities are saying Tren de Aragua, which has been linked with more than 100 criminal investigations here in the U.S., has now been found operating its criminal enterprise in apartment complexes.

Dana Bash: [Video clip] Were you the last person in the room?

Kamala Harris: [Video clip] Yes.

Note: [End video clip]

Donald Trump: That's what you're going to have and get used to it. It'll be 100 times worse. Michigan, if you want to end this disaster, you must get out, and you have to vote. We can't play games. We got to end it. It'll happen fast. We got to end it. We're going to have the biggest victory in the history of our country on November 5th.

Donald Trump: We're going to do things that people will -- we're going to be respected again. Look, four years ago, we were respected. Your president was respected. Your country was respected. Now, they laugh at us. We're like a joke. We're not going to be a joke anymore. And we had no wars. First time in 81 years, no wars.

Donald Trump: I had no wars other than we finished off ISIS. We didn't send your son or your daughter to war. We're pleased to be joined by some terrific people, a man who I just think is amazing, North Dakota Governor Doug Burgum. Where is Doug? I hope he -- because you know what? Oh, there he is. I said I hope he's left because, you know, I think I'm keeping the poor guy, and his wife is so incredible.

Donald Trump: Kathryn, are you there? Yes. Look at them. And you're not dressed very warmly. Well, you're used to it in North Dakota. These are unbelievable people, tremendously successful people, the kind of people we want in the administration. And I hope we're going to be lucky enough. Thank you very much. Will you go home immediately, please? Just go.

Donald Trump: Don't worry about it. Thank you very much. It's really an honor. Thank you, Doug. Thank you, Kathryn. It's really nice. What great people. Congressman Jack Bergman. Jack, thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Jack. He's a tough guy. You know, you're not dressed very warmly either. Are you a little cold? Because -- OK, good.

Donald Trump: Unbelievable. That's great. A warrior, Michigan GOP chairman, Pete Hoekstra. And Pete, thank you. So, how are we doing? How are we doing, Pete? Yeah.

Pete Hoekstra: We're doing just fine.

Donald Trump: We're doing great? You're happy? I said, "Pete, you got to do this. You got to take it over." And boy, has he done a job. Well, if we won, boy, has he done a job. If we didn't, I'll say, "Well, Pete, what the hell happened?" But we're doing -- are we looking good, the votes? Yeah. No, there's your answer, right? It's your answer.

Donald Trump: Yep. Great. That's great. And a friend of mine and a woman who is just really amazing, had a great father who I knew. He was a steel man, and he loved his daughter. And he's looking down. He passed away fairly recently, and he's looking down at his daughter, and he's saying, "I'm proud of you." Tudor Dixon.

Donald Trump: Tudor, thank you. Thank you, Tudor. Thank you, hon. Here are the facts. Kamala Harris is a radical-left Marxist rated even worse than Crazy Bernie Sanders or Pocahontas, not even close. She destroyed our economy. She was an original creator of Defund the Police movement, and anybody who wants to defund the police for even one week is not worthy of being president of the United States.

Donald Trump: She was one of the leaders of Defund the Police. You don't know that. You never hear that. You know, they have this quick little thing where once he got out, they went to him. They said, "Get the hell out of here. You're going to lose." We had the debate, and they go to him after the debate. They say, "You're not going to make it. Get out."

Donald Trump: It's like -- and then they say threat to democracy. They're the threat to democracy. Kamala Harris vowed to abolish ICE. The great people from ICE, they're tough, and they love our country. And without them, we would have a problem like you wouldn't believe. But she wants to get rid of them. She vowed repeatedly to ban fracking, and as California attorney general, she redefined child sex trafficking, assault with a deadly weapon, and rape of an unconscious person as totally nonviolent crimes. [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: She pledged to confiscate your guns and endorsed a total ban on handgun ownership. Would anybody willingly like to give up their gun? Please raise your hand. [Audience responds "No"] That's not an easy one, is it, huh? She even called for free sex changes for illegal aliens and detention at taxpayer expense. [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: And you saw what happened a couple of days ago at McDonald's. It was a monster story. It was just a little throwaway. You know, unlike her, she takes a vacation today. Yesterday, you know, you're running for the 100th time Super Bowl, OK? Take the Super Bowl, multiply times 1,000, and you got 12 days to go, and she's taking vacations.

Donald Trump: That's not off to a good start. I've gone 58 days in a row without anything because we got to win this thing. We got to win this thing. [Applause] But she lied about working at McDonald's on top of everything else. She never worked at McDonald's. It was a part of her story, a big part. And on top of that, she would like to see our country go woke.

Donald Trump: Take a look at this quickly, a little Marine video. Take a look. [Begin videotape]

Note: [Begin video clip]

R. Lee Ermey: [Video clip] You little scumbag. I've got your name. I've got your ass. You will not laugh. You will not cry. You will learn by the numbers.

Rachel Levine: [Video clip] Happy pride. Happy pride month. And actually, let's declare it a summer of pride.

R. Lee Ermey: [Video clip] So, you're a killer?

Matthew Modine: [Video clip] Sir, yes, sir.

R. Lee Ermey: [Video clip] Let me see your war face.

Matthew Modine: [Video clip] Sir?

R. Lee Ermey: [Video clip] You've got a war face? Ahhhh! That's a war face. Now, let me see your war face.

Matthew Modine: [Video clip] Ahhhh!

R. Lee Ermey: [Video clip] Bullshit. You didn't convince me. Let me see your real war face.

Matthew Modine: [Video clip] Ahhhh!

Kylie Minogue: [Video clip] Padam Padam, I hear it, and I know. Padam Padam, I know you want to take --

R. Lee Ermey: [Video clip] You will be a weapon. You will be a minister of death praying for war. But until that day, you are pukes. You are the lowest form of life on earth. You are not even human fucking beings. You are nothing but unorganized, grab-asstic pieces of amphibian shit.

Qveen Herby: [Video clip] Abracadabra. These bitches know I got answers. The way I --

R. Lee Ermey: [Video clip] It looks to me like the best part of you ran down the crack of your mama's ass and ended up as a brown stain on the mattress. I love working for Uncle Sam.

Marines: [Video clip] I love working for Uncle Sam.

R. Lee Ermey: [Video clip] Lets me know just who I am.

Marines: [Video clip] Lets me know just who I am.

R. Lee Ermey: [Video clip] One, two, three, four. United States Marine Corps.

Marines: [Video clip] One, two, three, four. United States Marine Corps.

Note: [End video clip]

Donald Trump: [Applause] So, we won two world wars and -- but don't worry about the military. They showed us with what they did with ISIS so quickly, the caliphate, 100 percent. They're not woke. Only those people on the top are a little woke. They'll be gone fast. We have great -- I say you could put them in a woke cage for two years.

Donald Trump: They'd come out fighting. Let me tell you, they're not woke. They're not going to be woke. Don't worry about it. In conclusion, with your vote this November, we are going to fire Kamala, and we are going to save America. We're going to save our country. With your support, we will cut your taxes, end inflation, slash your prices, raise your wages, and bring thousands of factories back to America and back to Michigan.

Donald Trump: We're going to bring them back here and Detroit. We're going to bring them back into Detroit. We will build America, and we will buy American, and we will hire American. And you're going to see things happen at a pace that you're not going to believe. You're going to be very proud of this country very soon.

Donald Trump: I will end the war in Ukraine quickly. I will stop the chaos in the Middle East, and I will prevent World War III. I know them all. I know exactly what to do. We will crush the violent crime and give our police the support, protection, resources, and respect they so dearly deserve. They're going to do it.

Donald Trump: They're going to be able to do their job. We will strengthen and modernize our military. I rebuilt our military. We gave a lot of it to Afghanistan, but actually, still just a fraction but a lot. We gave them a lot of brand-new stuff. How crazy. More importantly, with their stupidity, we lost 13 great soldiers.

Donald Trump: Many were very badly hurt, the arms, the legs, the face. They were hurt. We left Americans behind, and we lost Bagram, the biggest Air Force base, one of the biggest in the world, one hour away from where China makes their nuclear weapons. And you know who occupies it? China. China occupies it. How stupid.

Donald Trump: How stupid are these people? We will build a missile defense shield around our country, mostly made in the USA. In fact, all made in the USA. And a lot of it's going to be made right here in Michigan. We will rebuild our cities, including our Capitol in Washington, D.C., making them safe, clean, and beautiful again.

Donald Trump: We will teach our children to love our country, to honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag. We will get critical race theory and transgender insanity the hell out of our schools. And we will keep men out of women's sports day 1. I will defend religious liberty. I will restore free speech, and I will defend the right to keep and bear arms, our Second Amendment, which is under siege.

Donald Trump: After years of building up foreign nations, defending foreign borders, and protecting foreign lands, we will finally -- and we are going to do this. We are going to do it. We're going to build up our country. We're going to defend our borders, and we will protect -- we're going to protect our citizens for a change, our citizens.

Donald Trump: We're going to put America first. And we will stop illegal immigration once and for all. We will not be invaded. We will not be occupied. We will not be overrun. We will not be conquered. We will be a free and proud nation once again. We are now a nation in decline. We're not going to be a nation in decline for very long.

Donald Trump: Let me tell you that. Everyone will prosper. Every family will thrive, and every day will be filled with opportunity, hope, and the American dream. We want the American dream for your children. They've got to have that dream. They will not amount to a lot. They've got to have the dream. If they want to really go, they have to have something to aspire to.

Donald Trump: We're going to bring back the American dream. But for that to happen, we must defeat Kamala Harris and stop her radical-left agenda with the landslide that's too big to rig. Early voting is underway, so get out. Who is going to vote? Who's going to vote? Please. [Applause] Yes. You got to get -- does everybody here promise they're going to vote? Promise? [Audience responds affirmatively] OK.

Donald Trump: Thank you. I agree. I accept it. I really do. I think everyone here is going to be voting. Everyone. We just can't take it for granted. We have to get out and vote. After we -- and all of the things have been -- what we've been through together --people don't realize what we've been through together.

Donald Trump: We've watched our country rot. We stand on the verge of the four greatest years in the history of our country. With your help from now until Election Day, we're talking about 11 days, we will redeem America's promise. We will put America first, and we will take back the nation that we love. [Applause] We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God.

Donald Trump: We will never give in. We will never give up. We will never back down, and we will never ever, ever surrender. Together, we will fight, fight, fight, and we will win, win, win. November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country. This will be the most important day because we're going to take back our country from these lunatics that have no idea what the hell they're doing.

Donald Trump: They're destroying our country. They're destroying our families. We're not going to take it anymore. We will, very shortly, be able to make America powerful again, make America wealthy again, make America healthy again, make America strong again, make America proud again, make America safe again, and we will make America great again.

Donald Trump: Thank you, everybody. God bless you. Thank you. It's a great honor to be with you. Thank you. Thank you.