Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-campaign-event-scranton-pennsylvania-october-9-2024

Unidentified: President of the United States, President Donald J. Trump. [Audience chants "U.S.A."]

Donald Trump: Wow. Hello, everybody. You know, this was supposed to be a little gathering in like a plant. This was supposed to be just a little gathering. A lot of people outside trying to get in. Well, I want to thank everybody and I want to say here a very, very special hello to Scranton and also to Pennsylvania.

Donald Trump: Can you all hear me? Yeah. Turn this sucker up, please. Turn it up. Get this mic turned up because I heard somebody say louder. I've never had that. I've never heard that before. Turn it up. It's great to be back in the beautiful Commonwealth with thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots. Just 27 days from now, we are going to win Pennsylvania.

Donald Trump: We are going to defeat Lyin' Kamala Harris. Lyin' Kamala. She's a liar. We're going to make America great again, right? And as you know, early voting is underway. So, when the polls open tomorrow, we're here. We're finally here. And, you know, we're way up in your -- I want to say -- look, let's do it this way.

Donald Trump: The main thing is to win. Let's say we're 1 point down. I don't want to tell you. We're actually up. But I want to say we're 1 point down. Everybody, get to the polls so we get these horrible politicians out of there. We want to get rid of them. No, we're actually up in the polls in Pennsylvania, in Michigan, in Arizona.

Donald Trump: Just came out. We're up in Arizona very substantially. We're way up in the polls, and the only place we're down -- New York Times has a headline that we're down a little bit. But they're the only poll -- every poll -- you got to see these polls. They're the best polls. New York Times is -- we call it the failing New York Times.

Donald Trump: It's fake news. These people have said -- you remember in 2016, they had to do an editorial apologizing to their readers because they said, "He's going to lose. He's going to lose. I swear he's going to lose." And then I won and they lost thousands and thousands of -- I love that. Going to happen again.

Donald Trump: No. I came on today to the plane and Susie and everybody says, "Sir, you're up in this poll. You're up in this poll. You're up in this poll. You're up in every poll." And then I picked up the New York Times and said, "I'm losing by a whisker." They hope. They hope. No, they're fake news. You know, they're all fake news.

Donald Trump: These people, they're totally crooked. They're so crooked. They're the enemy of the people. They are. They are the enemy of the people. So, get everyone you know and vote immediately because that's the only one that counts, you know? November 5th, that's called our big poll. That's the real poll, right? And they're going to cheat like hell and everything else.

Donald Trump: You know, if they only cheat a lot, we're in great shape. But if they cheat in record-setting numbers, which they're capable of doing, I can't promise. But they are cheaters. That's the way they do. When they have their first meetings --our first meeting is where would be a good place to go? How about Scranton? You know what their first meeting is? Their first meeting is, "How do we cheat? How do we cheat?" That's all that -- because, you know, when you think about it, who can win with high taxes, open borders, allowing murderers to come in? You saw that last week, 13,099 murderers allowed to come in through them.

Donald Trump: Over 3 and a half -- many of them have murdered more than one person. Is there anybody in the audience that's in that group, please? Because if they are, we want to get the hell out of here or get him out of here. If we win Pennsylvania, we win the whole thing. It's very simple. And your taxes will come down and your safety will go up.

Donald Trump: But we had an incredible evening here on Saturday. You probably heard about it. Maybe some did, maybe some didn't. I don't know. It was in a beautiful place called Butler, Pennsylvania. And we were celebrating the brave firefighter Corey who sacrificed his life in the attack, 12 weeks ago now already.

Donald Trump: And he really was -- he jumped on top of his wife and daughters. He got hit, right? He got hit. Two other gentlemen, two other -- all Trumpers. I mean, to the nth degree, all Trumpers, but two others got hit, too. They said they were dead. They weren't going to make it. And the doctors -- you have very good doctors in Pennsylvania, I tell you.

Donald Trump: They're doing well. They're doing well. "How many," I said. I was always getting up -- before I even got up, I said, "How many people were killed?" Because, you know, it was wall-to-wall people. And I said, "How many people were killed?" They said, "We think three, sir." And I said, "That's not good."

Donald Trump: And yet, I must tell you, it was like this and this maniac was firing bullets all over the place. I heard him go right over my head, too, but it was just terrible. But I said, "How many?" They said, "Three." And then the two went, and they had unbelievable talent in the form of doctors, two separate doctors, and they saved their lives.

Donald Trump: But Corey was hit bad. He was hit hard. He was hit hard. But I thought what I'd do [Audience chants "Corey"] You know, one thing -- and I didn't want to say it the other night. It wouldn't have been appropriate. But one thing nice, we raised a little money for Corey. And you know what it ended up being for his family? For his family, it's beautiful.

Donald Trump: Like, I think, around $5 million, right? And a friend of mine, a pretty wealthy guy, he said, "Do you mind if I give a check to the family of Corey?" I said, "You can do that if you want. How much?" He said, "$1 million." And he handed me a check for $1 million. And then they raised another, like, $4 million, and we also gave some or we're going to give some to the two gentlemen that got badly hurt.

Donald Trump: They got badly hurt. But we raised, $4.5 million, $5 million for the family. So, I think it's good. And that's out of love for what they do. I mean, you know, this is the greatest movement in the history of our country, and we have to take care of our people, right? We have to take care of our people.

Donald Trump: You know, it is true. And, you know -- look at all that fake news back there. [Audience boos] You know, I say that all the time. [Audience boos] And you know, if I'm a little bit off with the statement they say, "Donald Trump, you know, he lied. He lied. It was terrible." Now you have Lyin' Kamala. She lies about everything, including where she worked, remember? "I worked so hard at McDonald's. It was unbelievable. I stood over the French fries all summer, winter, fall, spring."

Donald Trump: She never worked there, she lied. You know the beauty of that? They'll say, "Oh, it's so terrible to bring that up. It's so simple." No. David, the beauty of that, it's so simple. It's so easy to understand. She said she worked like a dog in McDonald's, and it never happened. She didn't work there. That's better than some complex, long story that I have to -- before we get to the fact that she's a no-good liar.

Donald Trump: But you know what's more important about her? I don't like her. You know what's more important about her? She's just led the worst rescue operation in history in North Carolina. [Audience boos] The worst. And we have another big one coming in but the worst -- the one in North Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Virginia, was -- pieces of Florida got hit.

Donald Trump: I mean, it's incredible. The worst ever they say. They had no money. You know where they gave the money? To illegal immigrants coming in, many of whom are killers, [Audience boos] many of whom are drug dealers, many of whom are gang members, and many of whom came out of prisons from all over the world.

Donald Trump: You know, they come out of prisons all over the world, and they drop them in our country. And you know that the prison population all over the world is down because they put them in our country. They come from the Congo in Africa. Many prisoners from the Congo. Welcome, everybody. Welcome. Lovely to have you.

Donald Trump: They come from the Congo. They come from the Middle East. They come from Asia. They come from all over the world. They also come from South America, but not as many as you think, a lot. But you know, everyone thinks they come from a few countries in the South. No, they're coming from all over the world.

Donald Trump: They're dumping them in our country because they think we have stupid people leading our country, and on that, I agree with them. Sleepy Joe. Although Joe's looking pretty good lately. I tell you, he's looking pretty good compared to Kamala. I say -- right? First time I said, you know, this guy's starting to look sharper.

Donald Trump: He's starting to look sharper because we're comparing it, and he's angry at her, and he hates her. The only question is, I think he hates her almost as much as he hates me. No. And I think he might be willing to -- he can't take much more. It was an overthrow. OK? It was an overthrow. And he's having a hard time saying, you know, he did it voluntarily.

Donald Trump: He didn't. They pulled out -- you know what they did, right? Article what? Twenty-five. That's what they did. And they said, "You're sick. You're not going to go on." He got 14 million votes. He got 14 -- think of it. He got 14 million, she got none. And this was really -- this was an overthrow. This is the first overthrow or you could call it a coup.

Donald Trump: Do you want to call it a coup? This was the first coup in the history of America. David, you're an expert on this stuff, right? Wouldn't you say? First coup in the history of America. But, look, I say to all Pennsylvania patriots, we have to -- I just said, do me a favor. You got to see this because we had over a hundred thousand people in a beautiful area, but not exactly highly populated.

Donald Trump: They came from all over a hundred thousand people on Saturday night. Take a look. That's something -- isn't that something? We have some very big ones coming. We have some very big ones coming. We just rented Madison Square Garden. We're going to make a play. We're going to make a play for New York. Hasn't been done in a long time.

Donald Trump: It hasn't been done in many decades, but we're going to make, how could New York be run worse than it is, right? With all the problems, everything is corrupt in New York, and we're going to make a play. And let's see. I mean, I think that, you know, the migrants have taken over Madison Avenue. They've taken over 5th Avenue.

Donald Trump: They've taken over the parks. The kids can't play Little League. You know, it sounds like a trivial thing. It's a big deal when you have a son that's a Little League player and he can't play. So, we're going to go to Madison Square Garden. We went to the coliseum, Nassau Coliseum. We could have filled up the Nassau Coliseum three times.

Donald Trump: It was incredible. We left there a few weeks ago. It was incredible. So, we're doing Madison Square. We're going to go to the arena in Atlanta, if we can get it. We're going to go to the arena in New Jersey, if we can get it. We have to get it. But we're doing arenas because the crowds are so big, and we're making a play for New Jersey, we're making a play for Virginia, we're making a play for New York.

Donald Trump: New Mexico, Minnesota, where this lunatic comes from. I'm doing well in -- you know why I'm doing well in Minnesota? Because he's running. They are actually supposed to be the opposite way, right? If Kamala Harris gets four more years, she will annihilate the Pennsylvania energy industry, [Audience boos] plunging communities across the Commonwealth into darkness and despair.

Donald Trump: That's what's going to happen. Your jobs will be down and your salaries will follow. Congratulations, everybody. Not going to let it happen. We're not going to let her destroy -- you know, she destroyed San Francisco. We're not going to let her destroy this country. She shouldn't be here. We shouldn't be -- you know, how would you like to beat me? We spent $150 million destroying Biden, which wasn't that hard, actually.

Donald Trump: All you had to do is hold up his record. But we had the debate, and then after the debate, he was down so much and they went to him -- and that's when they went to him. So, we get rid of him. This is like a fighter. A fighter's doing badly. He's losing badly. And Dana White says, "Well, you know what I'll do? I'll put in another fighter to fight."

Donald Trump: You got to take two people and says -- so now, they put this total Marxist, communist person in there. [Audience boos] But people have figured it out. She had a very bad day yesterday, and we're going to talk about that. She had a bad day. She had a bad day. Kamala Harris was one of the original sponsors of the socialist Green New scam.

Donald Trump: You know that, [Audience boos] where they want to spend $93 billion. No, they want to spend actually -- she's spending 93 billion in a short -- but they actually, their ultimate plan is for $94 trillion to be spent. Listen to this. That's more than China and the rest of the world could spend if they really wanted to in 25 years, 94 trillion.

Donald Trump: We're going to clean the air so that when China comes here and takes us over, they'll have a nice, clear atmosphere because that's what they're doing. They're sacrificing our military and everything else. These people are crazy. She said repeatedly that she wants to ban fracking. Her whole life, "We will ban fracking. We will stop"

Donald Trump: [Audience boos] you know, I flew over some of those beautiful windmills. They're falling down, by the way. They're all over the place. They're all over the place. That gorgeous, beautiful Pennsylvania countryside, they got these big, ugly suckers hanging down. They're rusting and rotting. Half of them weren't spinning, and the ones that were were going so slow.

Donald Trump: They were going -- it's not too windy, but, you know, they're going, like, slow. The other ones were just dead, but they're all rusting and disgusting-looking. And then, you know, the environmentalists say they're -- it's also, very importantly, the most expensive form of energy there is. You cannot get more expensive.

Donald Trump: The wind, it sounds so wonderful. The wind, the wind, the wind is bullshit. I'll tell you it's horrible. So, expensive. Just too expensive. It doesn't work. All of that to do, you know, one-tenth of 1 percent. I mean, the whole thing is crazy. You remember when I used to say, darling, I want to watch our president tonight on television.

Donald Trump: And the husband looks, "I'm sorry, dear. The windmills aren't wind. There's no wind tonight. You can't watch, darling. We're not going to be watching tonight. Maybe we'll catch him another time." No, we have to be careful. We have to be smart. We're going to lose our country. These people are crazy. They're crazy.

Donald Trump: They're damn crazy. We're not going to -- we're going to get out. We're going to vote. We'll get it cleaned up. But if we don't clean it up now, it's going to be too late. I really believe it. If we don't clean it up now, it's going to be too late. She sponsored a bill to impose a 100 percent ban on gasoline-powered cars and trucks.

Donald Trump: You know that, right? [Audience boos] One hundred percent is none. There's none even though we have more liquid gold under our feet than any other nation, by far. More than Saudi Arabia, more than Russia. Let's go electric. Let's do this. They want to go now hydrogen. They want a hydrogen car. You know what the problem is? When they blow up, you are unrecognizable.

Donald Trump: If this beautiful young woman is in the car, driving -- and the hydrogen car, if it blows up, you're unrecognized. You, with a nice Trump sign. Is that Trump? Stand up. Let me see. Oh, I like her. I like her. I will not allow her to go into a hydrogen car. They don't blow up that often. They were saying that, "Yeah, but they don't blow up that often."

Donald Trump: Oh, great. Thank you very much. And as we speak, Kamala is crushing Pennsylvania with a natural gas export ban. You know about that, right? Designed to choke the life out of your fossil fuel industry. Listen to Kamala in her own words very recently. [Begin videotape]

Kamala Harris: There's no question I'm in favor of banning fracking. I am committed to passing a Green New Deal and finally putting an end to fracking once and for all. If they fail to act as president of the United States, I am prepared to get rid of the filibuster to pass a Green New Deal. I am offering a Green New Deal that has been described as one of the most aggressive and progressive.

Unidentified: Well, he's going to bring the Green New Deal up for a vote.

Kamala Harris: Yeah. I will vote for it. It is a resolution. I believe that the underlying principles behind it are sound and important.

Unidentified: What is the solution for voters who have jobs and interests in the fossil fuel industry?

Kamala Harris: Giving the workers an ability to transition into the jobs of the future.

Unidentified: Can we afford it?

Kamala Harris: Of course, we can afford it. It's not about the cost.

Unidentified: [Audience boos] Kamala Harris pushed the far-left Green New Deal. That means huge new taxes, increased utility bills, and banning gas cars.

Kamala Harris: That's why I am committed to passing a Green New Deal and finally putting an end to fracking once and for all.

Jimmy Fallon: Mm, mm, mm. Momala Kamala just don't give a frack.

Unidentified: Kamala's fracking ban would kill jobs and raise gas prices. Kamala doesn't give a frack about you. Only President Trump will bring back Trump's strong economy.

Donald Trump: I'm Donald Trump. I approved this message. [End videotape] Thank you. So, when I'm president of the United States and we did one great job, we -- you know, we did great in 2016. We actually did much better in 2020, but we're going to be very careful. We're not going to let that happen again. On day one, I will tell Pennsylvania energy workers to frack, frack, frack, and drill, drill, drill, drill, baby, drill.

Donald Trump: We're going to frack, frack, frack. We will have energy independence and energy dominance as we did just four short years ago. We were energy independent four years ago. Can you believe -- now, we get our energy from Venezuela. What's that all about? From Venezuela. Isn't that wonderful? But if Kamala is reelected, your cost will go up and your lights will go out.

Donald Trump: That's what's going to happen. These stupid people. It's hard to believe. You know, you get angry because it just --sometimes you get and you want to be lighthearted, right? And we have a great audience that -- people that love the country, people that built the country. You built the country. And then you see these people, they want to destroy it.

Donald Trump: And by the end of your speech, you're furious, you know? You're furious because all this stuff that we're saying, it's true. They want to destroy the country. Remember, she will never ever let you frack. You're not going to frack. If she won, you're not going to frack. She's been against it her whole life.

Donald Trump: She just did this for an election. Even now, Kamala's Green New Deal mandates are regulations that are impossible, impossible to enforce. As an example, forcing power plants to shut down all across the country. More than 50 plants have recently been closed, so she took office and they are not going to be replaced.

Donald Trump: And, you know, all you have to do with her is say, like -- all the things. She's going to do this. She's going to do that. Why the hell didn't you do it? Why didn't you do it? All of a sudden, she likes -- walls, you know, I built over 500 miles of wall. It kept us. We had the greatest border in history.

Donald Trump: Four years ago, we had the best border in our country's history, and that included human trafficking, mostly in women, by the way. That includes -- so, when women say, "Oh, I don't know if I like Trump." I was the one -- that is the most heinous thing. Human trafficking, mostly in women. Gee, I wonder what that's all about, right? And then they say, "Oh, I don't know. I'm going to"

Donald Trump: -- Kamala is not going to protect anyone. They've allowed this country to be poisoned at our border. And, you know, a lot of people say -- and this is not part of the deal, but I'd like to go off the teleprompter, if you don't mind. I actually haven't -- I don't think I've been on it yet. I haven't -- they're waiting for me.

Donald Trump: At some point, I'll be on it. But, you know, it's -- they're actually -- they're doing these things. Nobody can understand it. It doesn't make sense. Like, men playing in women's sports. Like, open borders where criminals are allowed in. [Audience boos] And literally, by the time -- I must be very good as a motivator because by the time I finish my speeches, every time I'm angry as hell because I can't believe what's happening to our country, what they're doing to our country.

Donald Trump: Last year, Pennsylvania's largest coal-fired power plant shut down in Homer City, throwing hundreds and hundreds of workers out. Just devastating. They got nothing. A small little community of 1,800 people. Does anyone know where Homer is? Homer, right? Stand up. Let me see you. Look at that. Are you a familiar -- are you the man? I remember.

Donald Trump: You know, that guy's become famous. Wow. Are you the guy right behind me? Right behind me? You're the guy that was looking -- you're looking -- you know the guy, I love this guy. What's your first name? What's your name? This guy, he became, like, more famous than me because you know -- OK. Do we have time? Yes.

Donald Trump: To hell with these things. They're boring. Very important. Now, this guy, he was the guy -- no, I looked -- I'm looking at him in the audience. I see him. But when the shots were fired, typically, crowd control people -- everyone flees. Now in all fairness to the people sitting here, we had a tremendous, tremendous crowd.

Donald Trump: That horrible day, actually, horrible day. But we had a tremendous crowd. He was behind me with a group of people, like, you know, two, three times the size of this. It was bleachers. But 99 percent of the audience was out there. But this guy was standing up. So, they say that when a shot is fired in a stadium like a soccer game, everyone -- they call them stampede.

Donald Trump: They stampede, they get out, and a lot of people get killed. They get crushed. They get stepped on. Nobody left. There, with a big crowd, or there, but him. I mean -- I don't want to say in particular because nobody left. Nobody left those stands. Normally -- and there were a lot of shots being fired.

Donald Trump: There were eight shots being fired right over me. But what happened is we look back and it's such a famous thing now. And there's one guy that's standing. I didn't know you're going to be -- and I didn't know he was going to be here. They gave you a good seat. They should give you a good seat. So, listen to this, right? [Applause] So, this man -- and he's back a few rows and next to a woman who was very brave, too.

Donald Trump: And he's standing -- he's not only not leaving, he's standing up, and he's looking. He wants to find it because he knows -- he saw a lot of blood all of a sudden, and he knew what happened. And all he cared about is, "I want to get that guy." But then the sniper -- our sniper took him out. And, by the way, the local police, too.

Donald Trump: They did a good job. Local police did a good job. But that guy, I said, there's a guy that --there's a guy -- David, I said, there's a guy I want in the foxhole, right? We want him in the foxhole with me if we ever -- if we're ever in a foxhole because he stood up. He didn't care about the bullets. He was standing.

Donald Trump: All he wanted to do is find that guy. He said, there's a guy over there and yet some other people too. We appreciate it. Thank you very much. Great honor. Thank you. I love people like that. I love people like that. He's like a movie star. You know, he's become a movie star, I'm telling you. We love him.

Donald Trump: The head of the plant at Homer City said that Kamala's EPA had imposed a "excessive economic and operational burden." It was impossible to keep it open. It's being done on purpose. They're taking plants that are perfectly good, that are not polluting any more than anything else would, and they're closing them up, and they're forcing you to use energy that's 10 times and 20 times more expensive and doesn't even work.

Donald Trump: One local businesswoman said that her life had been turned upside down by what happened, and a local union leader called the closure "absolutely devastating and totally unnecessary." And I hope whoever owns that plant can just keep it around for a few months. Just keep going because we're going to let that plant go for a long time.

Donald Trump: OK? So, you got to tell them. Homer. Homer. You don't have long to go. I actually told the people in North Carolina who have been just devastated. I told them. I said, "Look, just hang in for a few months." You know, it's tough to say. "Hang in for a few months. But we take office on January 20th." I said, "Everything will be beautiful once I take office. Everything's going to"

Donald Trump: -- they spent all their funds. They have no funds to take care of. They have no funds. They have no workers. They have nothing. FEMA. We had such a good FEMA. We had -- FEMA was great under Trump. That I can tell you. We had tremendous success. Under these demented and self-destructive Kamala Harris policies, Pennsylvania electricity prices are up 50 percent and are projected to rise by another 50 percent this year.

Donald Trump: So, you're going to be up 100 percent. Does anybody mind? No. You're making a contribution to the environment, right? Except you won't have any money left, you won't have a house left, you won't have a country left, you won't have a Commonwealth left. Even the grid operators themselves say that if the insanity continues, Kamala will crush the electrical grid of the United States of America.

Donald Trump: But we will not let her do it, will we? We're not going to let her do it. She's bad news. She doesn't even know what the hell she is. They asked her questions like a vacuum. "Uh-huh. What?" No, I don't want to be nice, you know. Somebody said, "You should be nicer, women won't like it." I said, "I don't care."

Donald Trump: No, they say that? A guy came up to me today. He said, "Sir, you really should be nicer to her. The women won't like it." The women want safety and the women want to have a country that they can be proud of, I think. Anyway, so today I make Pennsylvania this promise. I will stop the energy price hikes.

Donald Trump: I will stop the plant closures immediately, and we will restart the plants that Kamala has very cruelly closed. I mean, you know, they don't know -- they have thousands of jobs involved, people that have worked there for 25 years or longer, and we're not going to let it happen. I will terminate the Green News scam immediately.

Donald Trump: I want the cleanest water. You know, I don't know if you know, in my two last years, we had the cleanest water we've ever had. We had the cleanest air we've ever had, and we had the most jobs and the most factories working that we've ever had. And the jobs they picked up were what called bounce-back jobs.

Donald Trump: They were bounced back. They were the people that took off for the COVID, the gift, I call it, the China virus because I want to be accurate, and they bounced back. I will end the destruction of our electrical grid. They are destroying our grid. It's already in bad shape, I'll tell you right now, but they are destroyed.

Donald Trump: We'll make -- isn't it amazing? We don't have any electricity, but they want to go all-electric cars. Think of that. Now think these -- I'm just thinking we're talking about all-electric, and I love electric cars. You know why? Because I think Elon is great. [Audience responds "Yeah"] But you know what? I like them for what the market is.

Donald Trump: There's a market, I love -- I think they're great. I think it's incredible. But the long distances and certain -- and they are more expensive to make and a lot of them are going to be made in China. But, you know, the amazing thing about Elon Musk? He went to that rally. I think he had the greatest time he's ever had.

Donald Trump: Did you see it? He was jumping around. He was so happy. You know, he's always like "I envision him." He's sort of a reclusive kind of a guy. He's incredible. He's a total genius. We have to take care of our geniuses. But he comes up and he's looking at this crowd. He's never seen anything like it. He said -- and he started doing, like, jumping jacks and stuff.

Donald Trump: No. He was just happy. I said, "What's he doing back there?" He was -- I'm just giving a quick introduction. He had a great time and, you know, he got a black hat. I didn't even know we made black hats. And it said, "Make America Great Again." But it was very low, you know, very sort of, understated.

Donald Trump: But a black hat, he loves that hat and he called it dark MAGA, right? How cool? Who thinks of it? Dark MAGA. And I called him, I told him, "Thank you very much. We sold, like, 10,000 hats in the last two days." I didn't even know we made that hat. Now I find out it's like the hottest thing going, dark MAGA.

Donald Trump: No. He's fantastic, and he's going to do a lot. He's going to be involved. He's great, and he's going to be involved because we have so much fat in this country. We have so much waste and fat and fraud. But he's also -- I will tell you, you know, there is -- the funny thing with Elon, he never -- with all I talk about electric cars, and I'm totally for electric cars for the, you know, whatever the buyer wants to buy, that's good.

Donald Trump: But if you can't force them down people's throats. You can't do that, like the mandate. We're not doing mandates. So, you can't do that. So, just so you understand, so he never wants -- and he's a friend of mine. He's great. He endorsed me. He endorses me so much, "We have to get him, Trump. We're not going to -- we're going to lose our country if Trump" -- you know, he's in Pennsylvania now campaigning, Elon Musk.

Donald Trump: Because he feels so strongly. But you know the amazing thing? A big company is Tesla. It makes great cars. Great. I mean, it made really amazing cars. He never once said, "Could you ease up on the electric thing?" You would think he would have said, "Hey, listen. Do me a favor. Could you" -- I could take it out pretty easily, right? It's a sentence.

Donald Trump: It's a sentence in a speech. But he never asked me to because I think he knows I'm right. He's going to do great and there's people that like him. I like him, too, for certain applications, but he never -- think of it. And he's close to me. He never said, "Do me one favor." Just sort of low-key. I would if I were him, I'd be saying, "Hey, listen, Trump. Do me a favor. Don't mention electric cars again. That you're going to do away."

Donald Trump: And we're not doing away. We're going to have whatever the market wants. We're going to have gasoline-powered. We're going to have hybrids. The hybrids are great. They're working good. We're going to have everything. We will make Pennsylvania an energy supplier to the entire world, and I will cut your energy prices in half, 50%, 5-0, within 12 months of taking office.

Donald Trump: Your prices will be cut in half. Now, she on the other hand, if her mandate -- look, No. 1, you won't have any energy because they can't produce enough. No matter what they did, they can't produce under what she wants to do. But even if they did, your prices are going to be double, triple, quadruple.

Donald Trump: You're not going to be able to afford them. I say, we have more liquid gold than any country in the world. It's going to be so quick and so easy to do. We have more than Saudi Arabia. We have more than any country in the world, and we're going to take advantage of it if that's OK. And it's pure, sweet, beautiful stuff.

Donald Trump: But for that to happen, the people of Pennsylvania have to tell Kamala Harris that we've had enough. We think you're a horrible person. We think you're a liar, right? We think you're a liar. We think you're not a smart person, and we're tired of having stupid people run our country. And we're going to say, Kamala, you're fired.

Donald Trump: Get the hell out of here. Get out of here. Get the hell out. [Audience chants "U.S.A."] Despite all of the devastation she's caused your Commonwealth -- and, you know, she said yesterday she has no regrets. Did you see that? You'll see it in just about two seconds. Go ahead. Put it on. [Begin videotape]

Unidentified: Well, if anything, would you have done something differently than President Biden during the past four years?

Kamala Harris: There is not a thing that comes to mind in terms of -- and I've been a part of most of the decisions that have had impact. [End videotape]

Donald Trump: I think the other one asking the question is dumber than Kamala. So, that's, like, she's a dummy. I watched her over the years. That is one dumb -- that is one dumb woman. Sorry. I'm sorry, women. She's a dummy. The only one that agrees with that more than me are the women in the audience. So, think of this, what she said.

Donald Trump: No, I can't think of anything. Did you see she froze? Did you see where her teleprompter went out? Her teleprompter went out and she said it was 32 days or something before the election. So, she said, "32, 32, 32, 32, 32." She was freaked out. Thank God that sucker went back on. That would have been -- I don't know what she was -- she would have jumped off the stage.

Donald Trump: Now, when you do this stuff, you know, I would say probably 15, a lot of -- about 15 percent of the time, the teleprompters, they go out. And either you -- like, can you imagine? It goes out for Joe Biden. He's no good with the teleprompter blazing, right? No. It's gone out with him a couple. You know what he does? He stops, looks around, and he walks off, but he can't -- he can never find the stairs, so it's a problem.

Donald Trump: He's looking around for stairs. Has anyone seen a stairway? We have more stairs on these platforms. I don't know what the hell it is. It must be a fire problem. There's like six stairs. And do you ever notice? He can never find his way off the platform. Secret Service does a great job in that respect.

Donald Trump: They come up, they get him, they walk him off. But he looks better. I'm telling you. As I said, he looks better now than I've ever seen him looking. He's angry. He's angry at her. There's going to be an explosion before the election with them. Those two are going to be -- there's going to be an explosion.

Donald Trump: Did you see -- held a news conference right in the middle of her one big event that she's had in about two weeks? He got up and held a news conference. He walked into the room. Nobody ever does it. He walked into the room and, this is a news conference. And then he just died after it, but it didn't matter.

Donald Trump: Can you believe that our country is being run by these people? Can you believe? So, she said she had no regrets, everything great. She'd do the same thing as this guy, right? This really sad, pathetic guy. So, after the surrender of our energy independence, the Afghanistan -- horrible, most embarrassing moment in history.

Donald Trump: We lost 13 soldiers, great soldiers. We left billions and billions of dollars behind. We left Americans behind. You have Americans right now in Afghanistan and they cannot be happy, right? They're probably -- many are probably dead. The border invasion, right? The border invasion? How about the 13,099 illegal aliens convicted of murder? They're roaming free.

Donald Trump: That's OK. In other words, these are all things that are OK. These are all things that are OK. How about -- to me, the worst of all because it's not even imaginable. She's lost during her three and a half years, 325,000 migrant children. They're gone. Nobody knows where they are. Many are dead. I would say most are dead.

Donald Trump: We don't know. We probably won't find out. But many are dead. Most are dead. Many are in sex slavery. Many are in slavery, but there are many dead, 325,000 young kids. Think of it. You could fill up Yankee Stadium many, many times. Think of that many, many times, 325,000. They're gone. Nobody -- and the parents want them back.

Donald Trump: Nobody even talks about it. The fake news doesn't talk about it. In terms of humanity, this is bigger than anything you can even imagine, right? This is the biggest thing. And she doesn't -- she thinks it's OK because she said, "No, I don't think I change anything." All of this stuff would have stopped.

Donald Trump: The worst inflation in the history of our country, costing everybody a minimum of $29,000 per family price hikes that cost the typical family. Think of that. No. She wouldn't change. Twenty-nine thousand, people don't have that money. The inflation has really destroyed the middle class. The elderly and people on fixed incomes are decimated.

Donald Trump: Just think of it, our middle class. How about Ukraine? If I were president, there never would have been a war. You wouldn't even know what Ukraine is. There would have never been a war. Putin wouldn't have done it. Putin wouldn't have done it. And that was OK with her. You remember what she said? She said, "No."

Donald Trump: She didn't know where the hell she was. She said, "No. I'm -- no. This is -- I wouldn't have done nothing." How about the October 7th attack on Israel? That would have been -- never happened. [Audience boos] How about the fact that the United States is a laughing stock all over the world, right? How about she failed on the witch hunts against her political opponent, me? The first time that they've ever done that.

Donald Trump: They do it in other countries like in third-world banana republics. The witch hunts. I call it the witch hunts against Trump. The one in Florida was thrown out, and yet Biden's document case, they ruled on him. They said he's guilty, right? Oh, he had documents for 50 years. He shouldn't -- and I had the Presidential Records Act.

Donald Trump: I was totally allowed to do it. Anyway, my case was won. He lost his case. What they said is that he's incompetent, essentially. They said he's got no memory and all sorts of other things and therefore, we shouldn't send him to court. They said he wasn't fit to stand trial, but he's allowed to be the president of the United States.

Donald Trump: OK? [Audience boos] No. No. Think of that. Here's the ruling, he's not fit. He's got no memory and he's in trouble. But he can run the presidency, but he cannot stand trial. They released him on the basis of that. The trillions of wasted dollars on the Green New scam, all that money is not only wasted, it set us way back, way, way back.

Donald Trump: And the worst hurricane response since Katrina. She doesn't want to have a do-over with what's happened to North Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, all the states that we just mentioned. Kamala Harris could not think of one thing that she would do differently. And, you know, it's strange because when I saw that question, I said, "Oh, this is going to be a long answer" because she could've done it in a nice way.

Donald Trump: I wish I would've done this on the border. I wish we would've closed up the border. I wish we didn't have the horrific acts of violence against all of those children and all of the things And she could've really done and I said, "Well, this will be a good answer." She didn't know what the hell to say.

Donald Trump: But think of it, it was a softball question. It was meant that she was -- and she said, "No. I would have done everything." So, all of the agony, all of the suffering, all of the inflation, and the border, and the criminals coming into our country, she wouldn't have done anything different than this guy that should have really never been president, in my opinion.

Donald Trump: Should have never been president. So, she said that there'd be nothing, and to me, that is a disqualifying answer. That should disqualify her from even running. If that's going to be the case, she should be disqualified from even running. She's an incompetent person. She's grossly incompetent. She cannot be trusted and she is totally ill-equipped to do the job of being president of the United States.

Donald Trump: Let me tell you, I know all of them. I know President Xi. I know Putin. I know Kim Jong Un of North Korea. Biden, he said, "Oh, that's a tough situation in North Korea." We had no problem. I got along with him very good. A little rough start, right? Remember? Little Rocket Man. Remember when he said I have a red button on my desk? That was a very threatening sound.

Donald Trump: I have a red button on my desk. I said I have a red button on mine, too, but mine's much bigger and mine works. OK? And then he called me and he asked for a meeting and we had a meeting. First time anyone's ever met. I said to Barack Hussein Obama -- has anyone ever heard of Barack Obama? [Audience boos] Barack.

Donald Trump: Remember Rush Limbaugh? I used to go, "Barack Hussein Obama. Barack Hussein Obama." No. No. He told me that the toughest thing when we sit before, it's a beautiful thing, actually. You know, the president sits with a new president coming in. He said the biggest problem we have by far is North Korea. We didn't have a problem with North Korea.

Donald Trump: Believe me. You may have in the future if you have stupid people running our country, but we had no problem. I met with him. It was a big deal that I met with him a second time. We were on our way to doing something fine. But he's got, you know, he's got tremendous nuclear power. Somebody let him get there.

Donald Trump: Our country just went through four years of really a horror show, and we cannot have four more years. We just had a man who's grossly incompetent as our president, and now we have a woman who is actually, in my opinion, worse than him. I believe she's worse than him. And we can't allow it to happen. Now I had this done because, you know, our military is great.

Donald Trump: I knocked out ISIS. I knocked out ISIS. I knocked out ISIS. They said it would take four to five years. I did it in about a month, right? And we knocked them out. General Raisin Caine, this is a tough guy. Our military is great, and then I go on woke. You could put them in a woke room and scream at them for two and a half years.

Donald Trump: They'd walk out and then say, "Let me at them." You know, these are not woke people. But I had this little clip, and I thought you'd find it very interesting. It's the military of the past. Let's go with the Trump military compared to the very woke military that we have now. I think you'll get a kick out of it. [Begin videotape]

Unidentified: You little scumbag. I got your name. I got your ass. You will not laugh. You will not cry. You will learn by the numbers. Happy pride. Happy pride month. And actually, let's declare it a summer of pride. So, you're a killer. Sir, yes, sir. Let me see your war face. Sir. You got a war face? Ahhh, that's a war face.

Unidentified: Now let me see your war face. Bullshit. You didn't convince me. Let me see your real war face. You will be a weapon. You will be a minister of death, praying for war. But until that day, you are pukes. You are the lowest form of life on earth. You are not even killing fucking pigs. You are nothing but unorganized, grab-asstic pieces of amphibian shit.

Unidentified: It wasn't me like the best party you ran down to practice your mama's ass and ended up as a brown stain on the mattress. I love working for Uncle Sam. I love working for Uncle Sam. And he knows just who I am. He knows just who I am. One, two, three, four, United States, Marine Corps. One, two, three, four, United States Marine Corps.

Unidentified: [End videotape]

Donald Trump: So, it's a little exaggeration. Probably, really not that much, actually. But what's happening to our country is, we have to preserve our country. Pennsylvania cannot let this woman become the president of the United States. She's the taxing queen. She's going to raise your taxes where you're going to be, at least, paying at least $3,000 a year more. Take a look. [Begin videotape]

Kamala Harris: Joe Biden and I are about to get rid of that tax bill. And on day one, I will repeal that tax bill. Joe Biden and I are about to work to get rid of that tax cut. Joe and I about to get rid of that tax bill. Joe Biden and I are about to get rid of that tax cut.

Unidentified: Everything from a 70 percent to 80 percent tax rate.

Kamala Harris: I think that's fantastic. We've got to increase the corporate tax rate, right? Part of that is going to be about repealing that tax bill they just passed. And also looking at -- estate taxes are going to have to go up. We will tax capital gains. But we're going to have to raise corporate taxes.

Rebecca Quick: It's just a new way of looking at things to say, we're going to tax what you don't have. That's a sore point, and it's a big deal. Is that something you think she firmly believes in?

Unidentified: I think it's part of the proposals of the campaign.

Rebecca Quick: Taxing unrealized gains just doesn't seem fair in any sense of the word.

Bharat Ramamurti: I think that this reaction to unrealized gains is a little funny given that I bet that the majority of people watching right now are already paying a tax on unrealized gains. It's called a property tax. Property tax. When the value of your home goes up, that's an old [Crosstalk] When the value of your home goes up, you pay higher taxes even if you don't sell your home.

Rebecca Quick: [Crosstalk] Your value of your home never moves the way -- the stock moves the way something goes up.

Joe Kernen: That's always the go-to answer.

Kamala Harris: Under my plan, there will also be a carbon fee. There has to be some connection between the fee and bad behaviors, and there has to be -- and that we have to monitor whether it's going to be passed on to consumers. But I'm going to tell you that will never be the reason not to actually put a fee, in particular, carbon fee.

Unidentified: Kamala Harris is going to significantly raise taxes.

Kamala Harris: Taxes are going to have to go up.

Unidentified: Kamala's plan will raise families' taxes by nearly $2,600 a year. Under Kamala, prices have already soared. Now, she'd make it worse with even higher taxes.

Kamala Harris: Taxes are going to have to go up.

Unidentified: President Trump will cut taxes again. No taxes on tips, overtime, or Social Security.

Donald Trump: I'm Donald J. Trump, and I approve this message. [End videotape] Yeah. We're going to cut your taxes. You know, I've been involved in politics not that long on this side, but I've been involved. I've never seen anybody campaign, "No, we're going to raise your taxes." That's what they're doing. The world is going crazy.

Donald Trump: It's this guy. But, David, we're going to cut taxes. Do you agree? David. David is going to win. You got to get him. You got to get him. I want him to come with me, please. He's great. He'll be one of the best. A real hero. Kamala will deliver a 1929-style depression, not a recession. I will deliver lower taxes, lower regulations, low energy costs, low interest rates, low inflation, and the greatest economy in the history of the world, which we had four years ago.

Donald Trump: We had that. We were going -- nobody's ever seen anything like what we had. I was shaking hands with people -- I said, "How are you doing?" "We did great four years ago, five years ago, my company. I made all my money, and now we're not doing good." Everybody said, "We're not doing well. The taxes are too high. The interest rates, we can't borrow money at 10 percent."

Donald Trump: They were at 2 percent with me. Now they were 10%, but they're not really because you can't get money at 10 percent. So, that means they're higher, 12. How about 13? How about 15? So, it means it's much higher. It's not 10 percent. You can't get the money. Nobody can get the money at 10 percent. We will pass tax cuts for workers like you haven't seen before, and we will have no tax on tips, no tax on overtime, and no tax on Social Security benefits for our great, great, great, great seniors.

Donald Trump: No tax. Take a look at this comparison chart, there's nothing like a chart. It's actually not my favorite chart. I have another one that's much more of a favorite, but that's OK. You see that? We went on every -- look, it's ridiculous. The whole thing is -- we shouldn't even have to campaign. It should be an automatic to bring jobs back and factories back and wealth.

Donald Trump: All we want to do, we want to bring wealth back to Pennsylvania. We want to bring wealth back to our country. We will have a 15 percent made-in-America corporate tax rate. You know, I took it from 39 percent to 21 percent. Everyone said it couldn't be done. By the way, Steve Moore was a great guy. You know who Steve Moore is? Great economist.

Donald Trump: He wrote a book, "The Trump Miracle." And the book is No. 1 book. It just went out. You know whose book is also, like, No. 1? Melania. Melania. Her book is No. 1. Her book is number 1. I got a call today. You know who called me? Bill O'Reilly, he called me. Bill O'Reilly. Do you know Bill O'Reilly? I like Bill O'Reilly.

Donald Trump: A good man. He's a good man. He went through it, but he's very good and he's very good with books. He said, "Yeah, Melania replaced me as No. 1 on the list." I said, "That's the way to go." But no. She did a great book. Yeah, go out and get that book. That's a good one. That's a good one. I think she treated me well.

Donald Trump: Otherwise, I wouldn't be talking about it, right? I would stay so far away. I said, "Do me a favor." I just wouldn't mention it, but now I do. Cutting the tax from 21 percent to 15 percent. So, we got it down to 21 percent, and then I said, "You know what? If we bring it 21 percent makes us pretty competitive with the world."

Donald Trump: Just so you know, our companies are all trying to be stolen, and a lot of companies are lower than 21 percent. So, I want to bring it lower, and I've wanted to originally, I got it down to 21 percent. Everyone said that was impossible. Got it approved by Congress. But now I want to get down to 15 percent, but only for those companies that make their product in America.

Donald Trump: Isn't that a good idea? You make your product in America. In other words, you're creating jobs. Think of that. Vivek, is that good? How about that? You know, I got calls from very smart people like Vivek, and they said, "Where the hell did you ever come up with that idea? How simple is it?" Your tax is going to go down from 21 percent all the way down to 15 percent, which makes us just about the most competitive -- I think it's very few.

Donald Trump: I mean, no great nation, no big nation. We get it all the way down, but you have to make your product here. And I got a call from Wall Street Geniuses. "Who the hell gave you that idea? That's a great idea." These guys -- that's all they do is they think. Nobody ever thought about that. We're taking it down from 21 percent to 15 percent, and then we have to do something very important.

Donald Trump: Those who don't make their product in America, and there are those that come in, like China and various others, they will be forced to pay stiff tariffs, too. And remember this, this is a privilege. William McKinley. This is a privilege because it's a privilege of competing with our cherished companies.

Donald Trump: We have companies, we have to protect them. It's a privilege of stealing our jobs, our treasure, and our wealth. They're going to come in and they're going to have products and they're stealing from us because they're taking our jobs, they're taking our companies, they're taking our wealth, and that's fine because they have to compete, too.

Donald Trump: But now they're going to have to pay for it. And they'll have to pay, and they'll pay hundreds of billions of dollars in pretty stiff tariffs. But what we're doing is we're preserving our companies, but we're doing something more important. They don't have to pay either because all they have to do is build their plant in the United States of America and hire many of the people in this world.

Donald Trump: It's very simple, right? David, are you on board? He's on board. Thank goodness. Thank goodness. If he said no, I don't know if I could have been so enthusiastic about you. No, it'll make us a rich country again. Right now, we owe $35 trillion because of stupid stuff like this. And other countries, China, in particular, they've done this for years and years and years.

Donald Trump: They built their country with money that we paid them. We're paying them $500 billion on average a year for years. They built their military with our money. So, this will -- we want them to do well. I want them to do well. You know, I made a great deal with them. They have to buy $50 billion a year of product.

Donald Trump: I thought they said 15, my guys. I said, "What's the number you want?" "Fifteen." I said, "15, oh, good." But I thought they said 50. So, they came to me, and the deal was almost finished and it said 15. I said, "What do you mean 15? You said 50." They said, "No, sir. We said 15." I said, "You didn't say, make it 50. Go back to them. Say, we made a mistake."

Donald Trump: They went back and China accepted it, they said. Can you believe it? But I don't even talk about it because of COVID. I don't even mention it. We have USMCA. We redid the deals with Japan, with South Korea. We were screwed by everybody, friend and foe. In fact, the friends did a worse job on us than the enemies.

Donald Trump: The enemies were gentler to us than many of our friends on trade. But Japan, we redid that deal. We redid South Korea. We redid a lot of deals, and we were respected. You know, five years ago, we were a very respected country. And I don't want to say this too loudly because it could happen, but I don't fall downstairs.

Donald Trump: I don't fall on platforms. I don't fall off bicycles. I have a great memory. I can talk about hundreds of things at one time and always get back to that point that you were trying to make. I can do things that people can't do, but you know what? We have the biggest -- this is the most important period in the history of our country because our country -- this is a nation in decline.

Donald Trump: We are a nation in decline. We're a failing nation. We're a failing nation, and they have no clue what to do. She wants to raise everybody's taxes and what they do. You know, today, they used to go to different states. If Pennsylvania was high, they'd go to another state. But now, they go to different countries.

Donald Trump: Other countries want our business. They want our companies, and a lot of them have left. The pharmaceutical business left. A lot of industries have left. We're keeping them, and we're going to get all those people back. We're going to make it so they practically have to come back. So, we'll take in hundreds of billions of dollars in tariffs.

Donald Trump: And we're going to make our country so strong and so rich, it will never be so rich. You know, we used to be an old tariff country, in the 1890s, 1880s, 1890s, or early 1900s, all tariffs. That was when our country was the richest it ever was. It was never rich like that. It was so rich that they had to set up a commission, the great tariff commission of, like, 1887.

Donald Trump: It had one function, what to do with all the -- we had so much money. We didn't know what to do with it. And then in the 1900s, they brilliantly went to the income tax where everybody gets taxed, and foreign companies could come in and just steal our treasure and our jobs, steal our wealth. And, honestly, we've never really been the same.

Donald Trump: The country made so much money, and other countries lived. They were fine. But we're, like, taking care of the whole world, and it's time for the world to take care of us. Does that make sense? Time to take care of us. And we're going to pay off debt, or we're going to reduce taxes still further because that's what it's all about.

Donald Trump: We gave you the tax cut and it was the biggest tax cut in American history. We gave you that tax cut, and we did more business with -- our revenues were greater with a much smaller number. You paid much less and yet as a country, we did much more business. We had great years. My pro-American trade policies are one of the major reasons why I've been overwhelmingly endorsed by the rank-and-file membership of the Teamsters Union.

Donald Trump: They haven't endorsed -- including oh, 65 percent. I got a 65 percent number from the Teamsters of Pennsylvania. Is anybody here from the Teamsters? I mean, where are they? I love them. Where are you? I heard you. Look at these guys. That's great. Thank you very much. That's great. That's great. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Now, we got the firefighters' endorsements. You probably heard they haven't -- oh. Wow. Look at that. That's a very good-looking group of human beings, I will say. That's a healthy-looking group. [Audience chants "Trump"] That's nice. That's nice. Thank you very much. Wow. I didn't know you'd be here.

Donald Trump: So, the firefighters, I guess, they haven't -- every year for what, 60, 70, or some crazy number of years, they always automatically do the Democrats. And the rank and file said, "We're not doing that." And they voted overwhelmingly for me. And, you know, the union heads always have a problem with that.

Donald Trump: They always have a problem. And the same thing happened with the Teamsters. And that's happening also with the auto industry because United Auto Workers are -- you're not going to have any jobs unless they vote. And if they vote for me, we'll have more autos being made in this country than at any time since the heyday, which was about 60 years ago because all it is, is a one-way street out of our country.

Donald Trump: We're going to rebuild the auto industry in our country. We're going to make it so good and so powerful and so great again. So, firefighters, thank you very much. We love you guys. That's good. Teamsters, thank you very much. Great people. No. That's great. See, they don't go necessarily by the heads, the heads.

Donald Trump: Although, I have to say the head of the Teamsters is a terrific guy, tough guy. Good. He was fine with it. He was OK. He wants to go with, you know, what the people want. Sean O'Brien. He's a great, great guy. And I don't know as well the firefighters, but as far as I'm concerned, he's a great guy. He has to be good.

Donald Trump: I like people that like me, don't we? I like people -- they like me, I like them. So, we're pleased. Thank you, fellas, very much. It's great. Any fires lately? Have you put out any fires lately? Any big bad ones? You guys have a lot of guts doing what you do, let me tell you. We're pleased to be joined today by your next senator, Dave McCormick, and everybody is really, really impressed with Dave.

Donald Trump: I know him for a long time. Everything was the best. He was the best student. He went to the best schools. He went out in business, became one of the most successful guys, ran one of the biggest funds, and very successfully. And I don't know, "You sure you want to do this?" I think I've talked to a lot of people out of it.

Donald Trump: They see what I go through, you know. I had more investigations than Al Capone. He killed a person a week, Alphonse Capone. The meanest Scarface. The meanest of them all. I've been investigated more than Alphonse Capone ever even dreamed about because he used to kill the investigators. I don't do that, you know? You want to come up for one second, David? Fast? Come on. Come on, David. Come on.

David McCormick: It's always good to be with you.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

David McCormick: All right. Well, thank you. Great to be in Scranton with the next president of the United States. President Trump, we're so honored to have you here and we are committed in Pennsylvania to putting you back in the White House and changing the majority of the Senate, and sending Bob Casey back in, so thank you for being here.

David McCormick: And, you know, what happens in Pennsylvania is going to -- or what happens for the country depends on what happens in the next 27 days. And, as you know Mr. President, I was a wrestler. Lots of wrestlers here in this part of Pennsylvania. And I wasn't the best wrestler, but I always knew in college if I could get into the third period within a point or 2, I would win.

David McCormick: Because the third period is not about wrestling, it's about mental toughness. It's about heart. It's about staying on offense. It's about fight, fight, fight. Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you, David. [Audience chants "Fight"] Calista? Are you Calista? We have somebody else that I think is amazing. I had to compete with this guy. And I thought it was going to be easy, but it wasn't. He was nasty. He was quick. He's smart as hell. And he knew things that a lot of people didn't know and didn't understand.

Donald Trump: He did amazingly well because he started really as a rookie, right? And he got up and he wiped a lot of very smart politicians off the stage. And then one day he came up to me, he goes, "You know, I don't think I'm going to beat you." I said, "You're not going to beat me. You're not going to" -- but he's a great guy.

Donald Trump: I mean, he's really smart, and I hope he's going to be involved in our administration. I do hope that because we can put him in charge of one of these big monsters, and he'll do a better job than anybody you can think of. So, Vivek, please. Thank you very much. Vivek is a great guy. Thank you. Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Great job. Great job. He's tough and he's smart. Before I go to a couple of great, really, warriors, I want to introduce in a way another warrior, Calista. Calista, will you please stand up? Calista. Oh, you can stand up anyway. No, I know. I'm only kidding. I know. I know you are, and I know. Thank you very much though.

Donald Trump: I appreciate it. Thank you very much, darling. Appreciate it. You look great. Thank you. Congressional candidate, Rob Bresnahan. Rob, thank you. How's that going, Rob? Good? Thank you very much. County Commissioner Chris Chermak and Mayor. Thank you very much, Chris. Good job you're doing. Mayor Carl Kuren.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Where is Carl? Thank you. He's here. I shook his hand a little while ago. Oh, hello. Thank you very much. Thank you for being here. Thank you very much, Mayor. I also want to send our love to everyone in Florida. They're going through a big one tonight. It's going to arrive tonight sometime around midnight, a little before midnight, and we're praying for them and asking God to keep them all safe.

Donald Trump: All those people is -- I've never seen a hurricane like that. I don't know. So often, you know, they talk about it and they talk, talk, talk because they want you to watch. This is the real deal. This is a bad one. And we have some great governors, great Republican governors that are in charge, and I think they'll do a phenomenal job.

Donald Trump: I think they're going to do a phenomenal job. But here are some facts. Kamala Harris is a radical left Marxist, rated even worse than Crazy Bernie Sanders. Actually, rated even worse than Pocahontas. Has anyone heard of Pocahontas? She was an original creator of defund the police movement, and anybody who wants to defund the police for even one week is not worthy of being president of the United States.

Donald Trump: She was one of the originals, defund the police. We wanted to defund the police. You saw when she went up to Minnesota and she was bailing people out that wanted to burn down everything. Remember? They said, "Oh, it's a friendly protest." This poor, poor idiot from CNN, remember? He said, "This is a friendly" -- then he got hit in the leg with, like, a rock or something.

Donald Trump: A hand grenade. He went down. Remember he went down? He went down. "This is a friendly protest. Oh, this is very friendly." And behind him, the entire city of Minneapolis was burning. It was like -- it looked like the Second World War. "No. It was friendly" -- it's a terrible thing, but she wanted to bail out all those people that did that and cause death.

Donald Trump: She wanted to get -- she got a lot of them out. Kamala Harris vowed to abolish ICE. She wants mass amnesty for all illegals. She wants mass amnesty for people that have literally looked to destroy our country. It's all -- will go to one thing, it's going to bankrupt your Medicare, bankrupt your Social Security.

Donald Trump: And we mentioned again, she -- 325,000 migrant children dead or in slavery right now and just plain missing. She was the attorney general of the state of California. She redefined child sex trafficking. These are words or phrases, assault with a deadly weapon and rape of an unconscious person. She said, from now on, they will be called nonviolent crimes, and reduced sentences [Audience boos] according.

Donald Trump: She pledged to confiscate your gun. She's going to take away your guns. I didn't let anybody touch that. [Audience boos] Not an easy issue. I didn't let any -- does anybody in the room, please raise your hand, have a gun? Yeah. That's a tough job. That's a -- no, she wants to confiscate your guns and endorse a total ban of handgun ownership.

Donald Trump: What do you do when a bad guy comes into your house? What do you do? The bad guy walks in and he's got whichever gun you have. If you don't have a gun, you're in big trouble, right? I mean, you need to have -- that's what they have the Second Amendment for. You know, the city with the strongest the gun legislation.

Donald Trump: You can't have a gun. You can't get near it. You go to jail for forever. It's a place called Chicago and that's got the worst problem, right? That's got the worst problem. She even called for free sex changes for illegal aliens in detention. [Audience boos] All paid for by the taxpayer. In other words, if you're being detained and you want a sex change, you can get -- by the way, aside from the obvious, not such a great idea.

Donald Trump: It's a very, very expensive operation. And perhaps most revealing of all, she lied all about so many different things, but she lied about that little thing called McDonald's. She never worked there. And yesterday, Tampon Tim said [Audience boos] -- you know why they call him that? Because they sell tampons with a special legislation in boys' locker rooms.

Donald Trump: Can you believe it? [Audience boos] Says he's a freak. I'm not allowed to say that. I'm not allowed to say that. By the way, can you imagine if this guy happened along, right? Can you even believe this? And yesterday, Tampon Tim said they want to abolish the Electoral College, taking away all electoral power, basically, from the voters of places like Pennsylvania.

Donald Trump: Tim and Comrade Kamala are really a true threat. They are a true threat to democracy. I'm not a threat to democracy. I'm the one that's going to save democracy. I'm the one that's going to save -- I'm going to save democracy. They are a threat to democracy, and they really are, too. Also, you know, a big thing that's a threat is incompetence is a threat to democracy.

Donald Trump: It really is. Because much of the stuff they do, I think, is incompetence. But she's surrounded by very smart, very vicious people that have to be -- you know, that are very radical left lunatics. OK? But they are smart. In some cases, genius. Look what they could do with elections. Look what they do.

Donald Trump: They're smart, and we have to be very careful. I talk about the enemy from within. They're the enemy from within. We have the enemy on the outside and the enemy from within. And the enemy let's say, well, you talk China, Russia, North Korea. You talk about different places. If you have a smart president, that's not going to be a problem.

Donald Trump: But the enemy from within is a very sick group of people, I can tell you because I had to go through years of Russia, Russia, Russia, and they knew it was fake. They knew it was fake. How about this? I have a son, Don, who's a great guy. He knew less about Russia. He knew less about Russia, David, than there's nobody in this room.

Donald Trump: Is there a child in the room? A child? Is there a young child? No. He's not that young, ma'am. He's about 70 years old. She's pointing to a guy that's like it is -- where is -- OK. So, you take a child. You take a child who's five years old. He knows more about Russia than my son. He knew nothing. And yet, Adam Shifty Schiff came out of an intelligence hearing, and he said, "Donald Trump Jr. will go to jail for what he did with Russia."

Donald Trump: And just understand, the whole thing was a made-up scam by him and Crooked Hillary and all these people. It was a scam. It turned out to be -- and the writers at the New York Times got Pulitzer Prizes for their excellent journalism. No. But the thing turned out to be a scam, and then they admitted they were wrong.

Donald Trump: And we're suing the Pulitzer foundation. We're saying, "We're demanding that they retract the Pulitzer Prizes with damages." And we're doing very well in that case. But think of it, think of it. He knows nothing about -- and I called him. I say, "You OK?" He said, "Yeah, dad. I know nothing about what they're talking about. I have nothing to do with Russia."

Donald Trump: Absolutely. Here's a sleazebag that goes out and says, my son is going to go to jail on a con job that he made up along with Hillary and some of the others. Now think of it, how bad you have to be to do that? He knows it's a phony story. They got caught, and now they've all admitted it was a con. It was a it was a hoax, as we said.

Donald Trump: A scam. And they tell me my son's going to go to jail, and they all know it's a hoax. These are sick people. These are bad people. And we got to beat them, and we got to beat them badly, and we got to get them the hell out of there. We're going to get them out. But with your vote this November, we're going to defeat these radical left lunatics, and we're going to finish the job that we so brilliantly started.

Donald Trump: We had the greatest economy in the history of the world. Think of it, what we had going. On day one, I will seal the border. I will stop the migrant invasion, and we will begin the largest deportation operation in the history of our country. And I don't want to do that. I have a heart. I have a bigger heart than most of the people in this room, let me tell you.

Donald Trump: But you have no choice. It's not sustainable. We have to get them out. And we start with the worst of the criminals. We start with the drug lords. We start with the worst of the criminals. The illegal migrants coming into our country are taking the jobs of American citizens, the Black and Hispanic communities in particular.

Donald Trump: The Black communities, the Hispanic communities, and the unions are coming next, you watch. They're going to go after the unions. They're doing it, and they're here, and they shouldn't be here. I will end inflation, and I will make America affordable again. I will fight for and protect Social Security and Medicare.

Donald Trump: There'll be no cuts. There'll be no cuts. We won't be raising the age like they're going to end up doing. They'll be raising Social Security by five or six years. You watch very soon. Very soon they're going to do it. Because it's not sustainable, what they're doing. We will terminate Kamala's insane electric vehicle mandate.

Donald Trump: I will stop outsourcing and turn the US into a manufacturing superpower. Working with Elon Musk, we will slash a record amount of government waste. I will end the war in Ukraine, stop the chaos in the Middle East, and prevent World War 3. We will prevent World War 3. I will crush the violent crime and give our police the support, protection, resources, and the respect that they so dearly deserve.

Donald Trump: Our police are great. We're going to give them back their authority. It's been taken away. They destroy our police. They take away their house, their family, their car. They take away their pension. They want to do their job. We will rebuild our cities, including our Capitol in Washington DC, making them safe, clean, and beautiful again.

Donald Trump: I will support universal school choice. We will get critical race theory and transgender insanity the hell out of our schools immediately. And we will keep men out of women's sports. I will defend the Second Amendment, protect religious liberty, and restore free speech, and we will secure finally our elections.

Donald Trump: We will secure them. Everyone will prosper, every family will thrive, and every day will be filled with opportunity and hope. But for that to happen, we must defeat Kamala Harris and stop her radical left agenda once and for all. We want a landslide that is too big to rig. We want to have it, too big to rig.

Donald Trump: Early voting is underway. Get everyone you know and vote, vote, vote. Get out there and vote. After all, we've been through together, we stand on the verge of the four greatest years in the history of our country. With your help now until Election Day, this is such an important little period of time.

Donald Trump: We will redeem America's promise. We will put America first, and we will take back the nation that we all love. We love our nation. As an example, I didn't need this. I could be on the most beautiful beach in the world right now, instead, I'm in the Commonwealth, which is OK with me. I like this better.

Donald Trump: A lot of people are on the beach. No, this is much better and much more important. It has nothing to do with like -- November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country, and together we will make America powerful again. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America healthy again.

Donald Trump: We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. And we will make America great again. Thank you very much, everybody. God bless you. God bless you, all. Thank you. Get out and vote. God bless you.