Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-political-event-economy-potterville-michigan-august-29-2024

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. I'm thrilled to be back with the hardworking patriots of the great state of Michigan, United States. And I also want to thank Alro Steel CEO, Randy Glick. Just met Randy, and he's fantastic. Good job the family has done, he's done. It's beautiful. And all of the talented workers here at Alro Steel, I hope you're all happy.

Donald Trump: Are you happy with the company? I think, yes? [Audience responds affirmatively] I think. It's a great company. And congratulations on 76 years of manufacturing in Michigan. And you're -- you had your best years, four years ago, but you're going to have even better years coming up, I can tell you that.

Donald Trump: You're going to have even better. I'm here today with a simple message for the American autoworker and for the American worker. Your long economic nightmare will very soon be over. It's going to be over. I'm going to turn it around. With your vote, we will defeat comrade Kamala Harris. And we will bring back the American dream, bigger, better, stronger, and just better, bigger, better.

Donald Trump: We love the American dream. You don't hear about the American dream. When was the last time you heard about the American dream? They don't talk about it, although they copy everything else I do, so I guess that'll be next. They'll be copying. They'll be saying, "Oh, the American dream." She doesn't know what the American dream is.

Donald Trump: Over the past four years, Kamala and crooked Joe Biden have presided over an economic reign of terror, committing one financial atrocity after another. As vice president, Kamala cast the deciding votes that caused the worst inflation in American history. You're all victims of it. We all are. Everybody is a victim of it.

Donald Trump: It's a nation-buster, costing the typical family $28,000. Under her policies, household wealth has plummeted by $33,000 per family. The cost of a typical monthly mortgage has really tripled, and you can't get the money. So, you know, you -- we'll go from 2 percent to 10 percent, but you can't get the money at 10 percent.

Donald Trump: I guess they want more than that, but you just can't get the money. Credit card debt has ballooned by 40 percent, and they have the highest numbers in history right now. As of about three days ago, the highest number in history. Now, Kamala says she wants to talk about the future, but she's been there for three and a half years.

Donald Trump: She only wants to talk about the future because the past has been so -- the job they've done, let me tell you, he's the worst president in the history of our country, and she's the worst vice president and she's the worst border czar in the history of the world. And she's the one who gave us every single disaster that our country is facing right now.

Donald Trump: Look at Afghanistan. She said, "I was the last person in the room." What a -- what a horrible, horrible event that was. Kamala has made middle-class life unaffordable and unlivable, and I'm going to make America affordable again. In addition to making it great again, we're going to make it affordable again.

Donald Trump: And that's going to be starting on day one. Isn't it amazing? They go three years, and now, they say, "Oh, we're going to do this? We're going to do that." The only good thing that she's done is flip-flopping. She's the greatest flip-flopper, things that she never even thought of. She's probably goes back to her room and gets sick to her stomach when she says what she has to say because she's a Marxist, she's a fascist, and she never believed him.

Donald Trump: And now, she's saying, "Oh, we want to build a strong border." Where has she been for three and a half years? As we took in 20 million people, many of them horrible criminals. My vision is for our middle class that is once again the envy of the entire world. It's going to happen. It's going to happen fast.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Workers like you and communities like this should be able to afford a nice house, a new car, and a growing family on a single income, all while enjoying the highest standard of living on earth, right? Thank you. Americans deserve safe streets, secure borders, great schools, healthy children, bustling factories, and a nation that is confident and a nation that is strong.

Donald Trump: That's the future that I intend to deliver, and I will deliver. And you had the best economy in the history of our country just a short while ago. And now, you have what they call inflation, what that has done to this country. And frankly, they've done also worse. And you're going to end up in World War III with these people.

Donald Trump: I'll tell you what, we've never been so close to World War III. And, you know, with the power of weapons, I always say this isn't two army tanks running back and forth, shooting at each other. The power of weapons today, very dangerous, very bad. We have people -- we don't even -- do we have a president? He just got back from California.

Donald Trump: He was supposed to go to the White House. He never got there. He went to Delaware. And he's laying on a beach, sleeping all day long. No, no, seriously, who the hell wants to sleep -- and who wants to sleep in public? He's sleeping. Do you think President Xi of China is at a beach sleeping? Do you think Kim Jong Un is sleeping from North Korea with his nuclear weapons all over the place? They don't sleep so much.

Donald Trump: Now, we have a guy sleeping. And she's -- look, she's incompetent. She can't do an interview? It's been months. She can't. I just did an interview backstage with a very terrible person, but she was OK, actually. NBC fake news, it was NBC fake news. She asked me about all sorts of things. She asked me about abortion, and I handled it very nicely.

Donald Trump: Because you know what, that's so overplayed. We have abortion. We have the whole thing brought back into the states where it belongs, that's where -- everybody wanted it for years and years and years. And they're voting on it. And I happen to believe in the exceptions. Ronald Reagan did for life of the mother, rape, incest, the exceptions.

Donald Trump: Probably, 90 percent of the people do. But you know the -- I was just telling this reporter, the real problem and the real radicals on that issue are the Democrats, where you can have an abortion in the ninth month. And in six states, you're allowed to kill the baby after the baby is born. And you know one of those states is Minnesota, where this tampon Tim comes from.

Donald Trump: Kill the baby after the baby is born. So, that's no longer abortion, that's called execution, right? You're allowed to execute the baby after the baby -- they're the radical. Kamala is promising communist-style price controls, free taxpayer-funded health care, not that you're going to want -- nobody in this room is going to want it.

Donald Trump: For all illegal aliens, mass amnesty and citizenship for the millions [Audience boos] and millions of migrants she lets in. She wants to give citizenship to people that have come here illegally. They didn't come through the system. You know, we want people to come into our country, but they have to come in legally, right? [Audience responds affirmatively] They have to come in legally.

Donald Trump: We're taking people that are murderers and drug dealers, and she wants to give them amnesty. I tell you, I don't -- I don't get it. But all of this will destroy Medicare and will destroy your Social Security. She called for the abolition of ICE. You know ICE? These are great patriots, these are tough people.

Donald Trump: I'm looking at some of these people right in the front row. They're tough as hell. But you don't want to be an ICE. You don't want to walk into MS-13 gangs and start slugging it out. These guys are seriously tough, and they love our country. You know, somebody's got to do it. I took them out by the thousands.

Donald Trump: Now, they don't want to take them out anymore. They want to let ICE -- the worst gang probably in the world, the meanest, the nastiest. they slice up people with knives. They'd rather use a knife than a gun because it's more -- it's more painful. They kill two young students walking to school, two beautiful young 16-year-old girls walking to school.

Donald Trump: They sliced them up in Long Island. And they want to let these people stay. And we're not going to let them stay. We want to get them the hell out of our country. Kamala sponsored a bill to blow up the entire US health care system and force every American into a socialist government-run program with rationing and deadly wait times.

Donald Trump: You go there, and they say, yeah, that's good. We're going to be all set for you. Come back in three months. She endorsed a 70 to 80 percent tax rate increase. Look at this, she thinks the rate -- actually, the rate could be as much as 80 percent. She says, "I'll think about it." Well, I won't think about it. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: I won't think about it anywhere near it. In fact, we're going for a tax cut. You know, we gave you the biggest tax cut in history. And that gave us tremendous numbers of jobs. And we actually took in more income the following year after the cut because our country was booming like it had never boomed before.

Donald Trump: She supports abolishing cash bail so that when you murder somebody, "Oh, don't worry about it, you're free to go." No cash, no nothing, and then they go murder somebody else and, in some cases, much more than one person. And she endorsed the Marxist crusade to defund the police. Do you know that she was the leader of the defund the police? Does anybody in Michigan -- you know, almost -- I said why don't I just walk up, I don't have to waste a lot of time.

Donald Trump: You're all fans, right? Is anybody here not going to vote for Trump? I'm just kidding. I -- raise your hand if you have the courage to do that. I did pretty good. No, but you know, I said, "Why do I have to make a speech?" All I have to do is say she was the leader of the defund the police movement. And then, I say, "Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much," and leave.

Donald Trump: Because when you hear that -- no, she's a Marxist. Her father's a Marxist. He's a Marxist professor. It's very nice. This election is not a choice between Democrats and Republicans. It's a choice between communism and freedom. That's what it's about. [Audience responds affirmatively] And nobody -- nobody really knows her.

Donald Trump: They were doing something. The man on the street, they said, "You know Harris?" Everyone's saying, "Who the hell is Harris?" Nobody knows who Harris is. "What's the vice president's name?" They have no idea what the name is now. The name Kamala is -- it's a little complex because it's about 19 different ways of pronouncing it, right? But Kamala is -- at least it's a name you sort of remember.

Donald Trump: You can't use Harris because nobody knows who the hell Harris is. Who's Harris? We want somebody they know. And, you know, one of the reasons they don't know is she did a lousy job. She was considered the worst vice president in history. I don't know who does this stuff, but she was considered the worst.

Donald Trump: Kamala will turn America into a third-world country. It will happen. It's already getting there, I hate to tell you. When you look at our borders, when you look at our elections, our rigged elections, when you look at all the crap that's going on, we're turning into a third -- when you look at how they go weaponize against me by doing absolutely nothing wrong.

Donald Trump: I got indicted, I think, nine different times, nine times. I never even knew what an indictment was for my whole life. All of a sudden the last year, I think I had nine indictments, far more than Alfonse Capone, who was quite well known in Chicago and the environs. He liked killing people. But he had nothing like me.

Donald Trump: Nine times, you know. And every time they see me going up in the polls and we're leading in the polls -- and I think we're leading by a lot. You know the polls are -- the polls are rigged, too. The polls are rigged, too. You know, they say Donald Trump is tied. You know, we were up massively by Biden.

Donald Trump: How would you like to be me? I spent $100 million on beating Biden. We had a debate, and everybody said this guy's shot. They never give me credit. They say he was shot. Maybe I did a good job. Somebody said that was the greatest debate performance I've ever said. And then, you know what -- that I've ever seen, said -- it was a CNN person said this is the single greatest debate performance I've ever seen.

Donald Trump: Two days later, they forgot about that. They said he was terrible, you know, but that's all right, whatever it takes. But you know, I spent $100 million on fighting him. We weren't fighting anyone else. We weren't fighting a vice president. We didn't even know who the hell she was. And then, all of a sudden, they say, "Joe, you're losing badly. You got to get out."

Donald Trump: He was losing by a lot. But they went up to him, they said, "Get out." That's like you're in a fight, and you have a fighter and he's doing great. And they say, "Listen, we're going to take the opponent out. We're going to throw another guy in to finish it off." It's -- that's what they did really. It's never been done before.

Donald Trump: And you know, she was last on line, and she came in last. She -- I think there were like 22 people. She was the first one to get out. And she got out, she had no votes. She got no votes. She went to -- was supposed to go to Iowa, she quit before Iowa. That was the first state. She never made it to Iowa.

Donald Trump: And now, she's running. And what about those other 20 or so people? They did much better than her. And they're saying -- they're sitting home watching television. But, you know, they're having a big discussion now because they don't understand why she refuses to sit down for just an interview, and they've got a lot of friendly.

Donald Trump: You know, it's much easier being a Democrat because you see all the fake news back there. [Audience boos] If you're a Democrat, they say he just gave the greatest speech that we've ever heard, not since FDR has there been a speech. I saw this -- with Biden, he made a state of the Union address. It was so bad.

Donald Trump: Oh, it was so bad. I saw her make a speech, it was so bad. And after they get off, "This was one of the greatest performances we've ever seen in our country." With me, I make a speech, I speak for two hours, everybody loves it. I got thousands of people by the way outside trying to get in. I never -- they never said Trump's a great speaker.

Donald Trump: I don't even want that, but I must be a great speaker, right? [Audience responds affirmatively] I must -- we got thousands of people. No, we got thousands and thousands. Boy, if I were a Democrat, they'd say, "He's the greatest that ever lived. He made Abraham Lincoln look like nothing." But, no, I don't care about that.

Donald Trump: I care about winning for our country. I care about making America great again, and that's what we're going to do. [Audience responds affirmatively] So, we're pleased to be joined today by some really great winners, champions, patriots, and one of them is Lisa McClain, congresswoman. [Audience responds affirmatively] Where's Lisa? Hi, Lisa.

Donald Trump: You are doing amazing. I'll tell you, don't be fooled by her. She's a very nice person, but she's brutal when it comes to your state when it comes to jobs. Right, Lisa? And she's proud of it, too. [Audience member calls out "Absolutely."] Yup, she is. Thank you. Great job. And another man that I picked out of a large group.

Donald Trump: I said this guy's got what it takes. He's a highly respected person. He's running for the US Senate, and I think he's going to win. I just saw a poll where he's leading by a little bit. It's not an easy race, it's not an easy race, but the other one is going to be just a disaster. She's going to vote everything that whoever it would be, except me, they won't.

Donald Trump: But hopefully, we're not going to need it. But she's a disaster. Mike Rogers is one of the most respected people in Washington, and he will be, I believe, your next senator. Great, Mike. He's one -- he is actually one of the most respected people in Washington. And he came out of a large group of Republicans that all wanted the same job, and he really did -- he ran a great -- ran a great race.

Donald Trump: Won easily. He had my endorsement, that helped. But he did. He won easily, and he's got great gravitas. Your next congressman, and you're going to have a great congressman who I think is going to win, Tom Barrett. Tom? Thank you, Tom. Great job. I heard you're doing well, Tom. Good. Running against somebody that's not good, not good for your state, not good for our country.

Donald Trump: Michigan House Republican leader, Matt Hall. Are we going to win Matt? That's -- he gave me a good summary. He said, "You're going to win, sir." You know they have these fake polls. They're almost as bad as the fake writers, the fake news. We interviewed 49 Democrats for a poll. We interviewed 49 Democrats and 21 Republicans.

Donald Trump: You know it's a little thing on the bottom. I'm surprised they even put it. They probably -- must be a law, but they put it 49 Democrats and 21 Republicans, and the race is tied. I said, "Tied? How the hell can it be tied?" So, tied means I'm leading by like 14 or 15 points, I don't know. But it's fake news.

Donald Trump: It's as -- it's -- it's as bad -- it's as bad as they are with a pen. I'm telling you, it's really bad. They can make those polls sing, they can make them do whatever they want. Michigan Senate Republican leader, Aric Nesbitt. Aric, thank you. Great job. What a beautiful young daughter, what a beautiful young daughter.

Donald Trump: Great. Thanks, Aric. Thanks very much. We also have some people of great distinction. Justice David Viviano is here with us. David. Thank you, David. Highly respected justice. Thank you, David. Judge Patrick O'Grady. Patrick is here someplace. Where's Patrick? Another one, highly respected. So, whatever you're doing, keep it -- keep it going good.

Donald Trump: And Tudor Dixon, who really ran a good race. Where is Tudor? Well, hi, Tudor. She's a great person, loves this -- loves this state and loves the workers. I knew her father. Her father was in the steel business, successful guy. I knew him as he was leaving our planet, right? Leaving -- he was very sick and leaving.

Donald Trump: But he loved his daughter, he loved his -- he was so proud of you. So, he's up there watching. Thank you very much, Tudor. Appreciate it. And Brian Pannebecker, who's like a friend of mine this guy, where is he? Where's Brian? Where -- where is he? Do you want to come up? [Audience responds affirmatively] Do you -- come on up here, Brian.

Donald Trump: This guy, he thinks the United Auto Workers have the worst leader and that they're crazy. They're going to be driven out of business, all the business is going to China. Within two or three years, you're not going to have autoworkers in this. If they vote for Trump, we're going to -- we're going to bring in factories at levels that you've never seen before.

Donald Trump: We're going to get the autoworkers jobs back like it was 30 years ago and 40 years ago before everybody left. We're going to get it back at levels that you've never seen. Brian, say hello, please. Thank you.

Brian Pannebecker: Thank you, Mr. President and the last time you called me up on stage in Grand Rapids, it was the first rally that you had held since the assassination attempt. And I -- honestly I was speechless. But tonight, I want to say a couple things real briefly. I represent the autoworkers for Trump Organization which was a Facebook group.

Brian Pannebecker: I started that group. I started that group. Thank you. There's some autoworkers here. I'm sure Lansing got a lot of them. But unfortunately, a lot of them have lost their jobs. Listen, Chrysler and General Motors have already gone bankrupt once. But if we allow electric vehicle mandates to be put on this industry by the federal government, they're going out of business again.

Brian Pannebecker: We got to fight against that. And this guy standing right here is the only person who will do it. We cannot allow the federal government to put mandates on the auto industry to build electric vehicles when the consumers do not want them. So, I'm asking everybody, I'm asking autoworkers, and I'm asking everybody that supplies the auto industry, get 10 or 15 of your friends.

Brian Pannebecker: Make sure they get out and vote. Our very survival depends on it, and we can't allow it to happen. So vote Trump and JD Vance, and we'll turn this country around. He's done it once. Unfortunately, he's going to have to go back and do it again. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Brian Pannebecker: Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: Wait, stay here for a second.

Brian Pannebecker: I love you, brother.

Donald Trump: Wait come here. You know, as he's speaking, look at the arms on this guy.

Brian Pannebecker: Oh, cut it out. Cut it out.

Donald Trump: Look at that.

Brian Pannebecker: Cut it out.

Donald Trump: Let me see. He's really great and a real patriot. And it's true. You know, they're building, I don't know if you know, numerous of the biggest auto plants in the world right now.

Brian Pannebecker: In Mexico.

Donald Trump: Near -- right near the border in Mexico, owned by China. They think they're going to build the cars and send them in. And with this administration, they won't even know what's happening. They'll take every single job. You're not going to have any autoworkers. Within two years, maybe three years, nobody's going to be making cars here.

Donald Trump: I told them, if you do that, we're going to put tariffs on a 200, 250 percent. You're never going to sell one car in this country. And they didn't build them. And then, as soon as I left because of a bad situation that happened because we did great in this state, too.

Brian Pannebecker: Yeah, you won it.

Donald Trump: But a bad situation that happened, corrupt bad situation. You have to keep your eyes open this time.

Brian Pannebecker: Yup.

Donald Trump: But you know, they used COVID to cheat, very simple. They use COVID to cheat. But I told them, I said, "You do it, you're not going to sell any cars." As soon as I was gone, they started construction, and they're almost finished. And that's going to wipe you out. They're the biggest plants anywhere in the world.

Donald Trump: A friend of mine builds plants, and I think he's building these. I said I want to see some big plants. I want to go and tour some of the big auto plants. That's all he does. Honestly, he's a great guy. Can walk across the street -- he can build a plant like nobody. He said, "Sir, you're going to have to come to Mexico."

Donald Trump: I said, "No, I want to see one in the United States." He said, "The big ones are being built in Mexico." That's no good. And we're not going to let it happen. We're not going to -- they can build their plant, they're not going to have any cars coming into this country. If they want to build a plant, they can.

Donald Trump: They're going to build it in Michigan or at least --

Brian Pannebecker: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Some place in our country. Thank you.

Brian Pannebecker: And the UAW members -- the UAW members realize this now. And I'm doing a rally at a different auto plant every week. I started in June. We're going to go all the way to November. And we're talking to the autoworkers as they come off their shift and go into work. And 70 or 80 percent of them are voting for Donald Trump because they know their jobs depend on it.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Brian Pannebecker: Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: Wow, that guy's -- he's a dynamic guy, isn't he? No, it's -- really, look, I didn't know, Brian. He just knows that, you know, we had four great years. But I got an award years ago in Michigan. I got Man of the Year a long time ago. In fact the fake news said I never got it. I never got it. I made it up.

Donald Trump: I didn't make it up. And then, they found out. I actually did get it. I was lucky they found out who it was. It was like a chamber of commerce someplace. And I gave a whole speech. This was probably 15 years ago, 17 years ago. I gave a speech on why are you letting them steal your auto manufacturing business.

Donald Trump: And it only got worse and worse and worse, then I stopped it. And then, as soon as I was gone, they let it happen. And these plants that are being built all around the world are going to take all of your business. And I'm a big fan of electric cars, but they're limited. They don't go far. They're very expensive, and they're going to all be made in China because they have the material.

Donald Trump: But we have more liquid gold under our feet than anybody else. It's called gasoline for what we talk about. And we want to build gasoline-propelled cars, but we also want to build hybrids, and we want to build electric cars. You know, Elon Musk, I think he's great, and he endorsed me very strongly. I said, "Listen, you know, I'm all for electric cars, but not all of them because they really don't go far yet. But they're incredible."

Donald Trump: The job he's done and the job that others have done are great. And it's called a market. You have to be able to buy what you want to buy. There'll be another form of car. They talk about hydrogen now. They talk about all sorts of things. But it's called a market. But we can't do that. They want to put and like immediately all-electric cars, but we don't have enough electricity to supply ourselves right now.

Donald Trump: You go out to California, which was destroyed by Kamala, destroyed. She destroyed the city of San Francisco. It's -- and I own a big building there. It's no -- I shouldn't talk about this, but that's OK. I don't give a damn because this is what I'm doing. I should say, it's the finest city in the world, sell, and get the hell out of there, right? But I can't do that.

Donald Trump: I don't care. You know, I lost billions and billions of dollars. You know, somebody said, "What do you think you lost?" I said, "Probably 2 or 3 billion." That's OK. I don't care. They said, "Do you think you'd do it again?" And that's the least of it. Nobody -- they always say that -- I don't know if you know, Lincoln was horribly treated.

Donald Trump: Jefferson was pretty horribly. Andrew Jackson, they say, was the worst of all that he was treated worse than any other president. And I said, "Do that study again because I think there's nobody close to Trump." I even got shot. And who the hell knows where that came from, right? No, these are bad people.

Donald Trump: They're sick people. You know, we have people on the outside the countries. But if you have a smart president, the countries will be an asset, not a liability. That includes China, that includes Russia, if you have a smart president. But we don't have a smart president right now, by the way. You can end up in World War III.

Donald Trump: This period of time better happen fast because we have nobody running our country. We have nobody at the Resolute desk. There's nobody the two of them. She's no good, and he's sleeping. In fact, I'm going to go back to the name for him sleepy Joe instead of crooked Joe. Did you see they found -- last week, Brian, he took $28 million.

Donald Trump: They say he stole, his family took 28 million. And nothing happened. That was the night he made his brilliant speech which was all about Trump. You know everything they do, they talk about Trump. They talk about Trump I think 347 times. They talked about the border once. They talked about crime twice.

Donald Trump: They talked about all of the things that you should be talking about, not at all, but they talk about Trump. And look, we did something that they're very angry about. We beat somebody that should have been beaten in an election that we weren't anticipated to win. But I thought we were going to win because I came to Michigan the night before, and we had 49,000 people.

Donald Trump: She came to Michigan the night before because she was told she may lose it, and this was an upset, so they had a fast tour. She had like 300 people. They said, "Why would we lose?" We had the crowd. You wouldn't have believed it. Half of you were probably there. But we're also joined by a very incredible service member.

Donald Trump: I presented him with a thing called the Congressional Medal of Honor. And he is a fantastic man and he's a good-looking guy. I don't know. He looks better than he did when I presented. Something's good, he's doing good, Specialist Five James McCloughan. Where's James? James? Thank you, James. You look good, good head of hair.

Donald Trump: Look at him, got that good Irish, Scottish, whatever hair. Look at that guy. Stand up, just stand up. Come here. I'm proud of him. [Audience responds affirmatively] I wouldn't have done what he did. I know what he did -- what he did. I always say there are two awards. There's Medal of Honor and, oftentimes, is posthumously where, you know, they're not there.

Donald Trump: Oftentimes, they've died in battle and then you have the civilian version, the Presidential Medal. And I always say I'd rather get the Presidential Medal because the guys that came in other than you and the others, oftentimes, they've suffered greatly, right? They've suffered greatly, or they're not around.

Donald Trump: But it's our highest award, and it's an honor to have you here. And I'm very proud that I was able to give you the award. Thanks, James. In four short years, under my leadership, we passed record tax cuts, record regulation cuts, and built the greatest economy in the history of the world. I ended NAFTA, the worst trade deal ever made.

Donald Trump: You people had to suffer with it for years [Audience member calls out "Thank you."] and replaced it with the USMCA, that's Mexico and Canada, which they say is the best trade deal ever made. Actually, the best deal I made probably was with China, but I don't talk about it because once COVID came in, that was the end of China.

Donald Trump: Once they did that to the world, not to us, to the whole world, $59 trillion of of damages and millions and millions of people. And it should have -- it came out of Wuhan, the lab. It came out of the labs. And that's where I said it came from. And it was incompetence. It was a mistake. I believe it was a mistake.

Donald Trump: A lot of people don't think -- so a lot of people think they did it because I was getting hundreds of billions of dollars in tariffs from China. You know, no president had ever gotten anything from China. I got hundreds of billions of dollars in tariffs and saved a lot of jobs by doing that because they ended up not being able to do what they were doing.

Donald Trump: And I saved the steel industry also, as you know. Those are the guys that like me the most. But now, I see US Steel, the great US Steel. US Steel is being sold to Japan. I don't like that. Can you imagine US Steel? That would have been -- that was one that was the greatest company in the world 70 years ago, 60-something years ago.

Donald Trump: US Steel is going to be sold to Japan. I wouldn't let it happen. I wouldn't -- I just wouldn't let it happen. It's such a big benchmark that shouldn't be going to Japan. They should rebuild it, they should do whatever they have to do would work with them would make it great again, just like we're going to make our country great again.

Donald Trump: Under Kamala, we are rapidly approaching economic and social catastrophe. Most Americans are unaware that Harris and Biden have been shutting down entire swaths of our energy and electricity infrastructure without replacing it or even talking about it, leading to soaring electrical prices and energy prices and also an energy shortfall like we've never had before.

Donald Trump: They're closing down things that are -- that shouldn't be closed down. This week, Harris officially banned drilling on 28 million acres of public lands. So, what they did is when they came in what caused inflation other than their spending, which was a big factor, but it's energy because they came in and they wanted to terminate everything I was doing.

Donald Trump: And the -- the prices were going through the roof for gasoline and everything. So, they said, "Put it back, put it back." So, it all came back, or most of it came back. Maybe not to the same, but pretty close. They said go back, you know, after the election. If they ever won, it's all gone. But what they don't say is they'll say, "Oh, but we have the similar to Trump."

Donald Trump: And that's sort of true, but what they don't have is they don't have ANWR. They gave up ANWR the biggest site anywhere in the world in Alaska that I got done. Ronald Reagan couldn't get it done. But really, most importantly, what they don't have is we were going to be four to five times bigger by now.

Donald Trump: So, when they say they had it back, they only had it back to where I was. We were going to have so much energy coming out of the ground, so much liquid gold. We were going to pay off debt. We're going to reduce your taxes further. I mean, we have more than -- we have more liquid gold than Saudi Arabia.

Donald Trump: We have more than Russia. And we were going to use it. And you know where we're getting a lot of our energy now? Venezuela, which isn't even -- I mean it's tar, you know that it's tar. And you know where it's refined, there's only one plant in the entire world that can do it, happens to be in Houston, Texas.

Donald Trump: So, for those of you who don't like particles going into the air, take a look at that mess. And we have clean, beautiful stuff you can -- I mean we have the best, we have the best and we have the most, and we don't use it. We go to electric or we go to something else. You almost say, do they hate our country? Because it's so incompetent.

Donald Trump: Do they hate our country? The first thing I will do to make middle class life dramatically more affordable is to end Kamala's war on American energy, terminate her green new scam, and drill, baby, drill. We're going to drill, baby, drill. Right? Since Harris took office, more than 50 power plants have been shut down.

Donald Trump: Many of these were great plants, but they didn't like the way they were fueled up. You know, many of them are needed to create electricity. It's like -- it comes from some -- it starts from somewhere, it doesn't start from electricity. And by the way, just a little side note. So, AI is a big deal. For us to compete successfully with China and others on AI, we're going to need twice the electricity that we currently produce.

Donald Trump: Can you believe that? We're not going to be even close. The only guy that can do that is a guy like me. I opened up plants. I opened up two plants in Louisiana that went through 14 years, LNG plants. They went through 14 years of approvals and were turned down. I got it done in one day. One day, we got it opened.

Donald Trump: Those owners, whoever they were, they were actually -- people were going to spend $16 billion. These are the biggest buildings, like the Empire State Building on its side, times three, the longest biggest buildings you've ever seen. All they had is pipes inside. I said, "What the hell kind of a building is this?" But you know what? Billions of dollars.

Donald Trump: And they got turned down, I got it approved. And one of them, one day, the owner or the head of the company couldn't believe it. He said, "I got a call." I guarantee you a consultant somewhere that represented him. So, I did a great job. I didn't speak to consultants. I just got it done. And now, they're up and they're -- they're roaring, and they're just fantastic.

Donald Trump: Under Kamala's radical power plant rule issued by the EPA, all coal-fired power plants will be forced to close in the next few years. What are you going to do? Gutting more than one-sixth of the power and, really, we're going to go to a very weak form of producing power. They don't have -- we don't have energy that can power up those big massive plants that we need, including the ones right here in Michigan.

Donald Trump: You don't have the energy. Wind is wonderful if you like high cost, if you like having to replace the windmills every nine years. You know, they wear out. And they're very intermittent, and they do kill a hell of a lot of birds. If you want to see a lot of dead birds, go to a windmill and just look underneath.

Donald Trump: You'll see birds all over the place. Same rule has frozen virtually all new investment in large natural gas projects, setting us up for a horrible shortage of at least 30 percent of our electrical grid capacity in the future. So, we're going to have much less in the future. We're closing down all our plants.

Donald Trump: Just like trucks, they want -- they want you to make electric trucks. And the truckers come to see me. Sir, they don't work. One man had 29,000. He said, "I started with nothing. I have 29,000 trucks." And he said, "I'd buy trucks in every year. They got better, they got more efficient, they got stronger, they got more beautiful. I started building apartments in the back of the cabs, right? You know what that is."

Donald Trump: He said, "Sir, you're rich, but you would have loved some of these apartments." I said, "No, thanks, but that's OK." No, It's beautiful. This stuff is fantastic. We had four or five companies. I said, "Which one did the best?" He said, "They all do good, sir. But now, they want us to go to electric trucks, and we'll have to stop six times on the way to California from New York, six times. And, sir, they wait two and a half times more than a gasoline or than a diesel-powered truck."

Donald Trump: I said, "So, what does that mean?" He said, "That means you're going to have to rebuild every bridge and every major roadway in the country just because of the weight. And they're very inefficient. And the battery is much bigger than the tank." And he was telling me the battery would take up at least half of the area right now that they use for hauling, I said, so when you tell people like that, you'd have to rebuild every bridge in America, that you'd have to rebuild the roads, that you -- the tank that -- you have to stop six times from New York to California.

Donald Trump: He said, "With a load of diesel, a good truck can go all the way and even start their way back." That's how good it is. And he said this -- It was amazing, because he said it right from the heart. He said, "If they make us do this, I'll be out of business. We'll all be out of business, Your supply chain will be a disaster. But if they made us do this, every year that I bought a truck, it was better. They got better, better, better."

Donald Trump: We will have gone back 70 or 80 years. We'll have trucks that don't go far. We'll have trucks that don't work well. We'll have trucks that can carry a very small payload because of the size of the batteries and the weight. So, I said, "Well, when you tell these officials this, what do they say?" "They say, 'We don't care, you're going all electric.'"

Donald Trump: So, if you had a child -- let's see, do we have any children? If you had a child, a beautiful boy in the green shirt, if you had just a little child saying -- and he's not so little, he's a big boy, he's going to be a big one. But -- but if you said to a child, it doesn't go far, it weighs too much, the payload is no good and lots of other problems, and they're much more expensive, he would say, "Let's stay with diesel," right? These guys say, "We don't care."

Donald Trump: Then, they want to make our army tanks, you know, all electric and the problem is they don't go far. They're the wrong torque. And you know where they want the battery? Because the battery is massive. They want you to like you pull a wagon, a child pulls a --they want to build a wagon at the back so it pulls the battery along.

Donald Trump: So, they want to be environmentally friendly as we blast our way into a country that we hate, right? We want to take on these countries and be environmentally friendly. These people are deranged. They're deranged people. I will be the American energy president. I'll be a president for a lot. I'm going to be the automobile manufacturing president, too, you watch. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: And it won't even be hard. I can do it with a pen. Come in and build plants in the United States, preferably here. But come in and build your plants in the United States of America. And if you don't, you're not allowed to sell cars here, and we're going to tax you at 150 or 200 percent. I did that with steel.

Donald Trump: And people are going to flow in. And the head of your union who's absolutely terrible, I mean, give him an IQ test. I mean, this guy doesn't know what is happening. He's horrible, Shawn Fain. He's horrible. What a terrible job. He sold out the union, and they automatically endorse -- you know, they automatically endorse Democrats for many, many years.

Donald Trump: But if you look at your car industry now and 25 years ago, it's like a different world. You've just -- what you've lost is so bad. We can get it all back. We can get so much of it back because you're still the big market. And that's why we have to do it fast because we have to remain the big market. The way we're going with this country, we're not going to -- we're going to lose that.

Donald Trump: We're going to lose our currency values. We're going to lose the dollar standard. If we lose the dollar standard, that's like losing a war. If we don't have the dollar standard, we are a third-world country. My goal will be to cut your energy costs in half within 12 months after taking office. We can do that.

Donald Trump: If you have the oil supply, which we have more than anybody, your heating and air conditioning, electricity, gasoline, all can be cut down in half. Your gasoline, I had it down to $1.87. I had moments when it was much lower than that. [Audience responds affirmatively] To achieve this rapid reduction in energy costs, I will declare a national emergency to allow us to dramatically increase energy production generation and supply, which comrade Kamala has destroyed.

Donald Trump: She's destroyed it. Starting on day one, I will approve new drilling, new pipelines, new refineries, new power plants, new reactors, and we will slash the red tape. [Audience responds affirmatively] We will get the job done. We will create more electricity also for these new industries that can only function with massive electricity.

Donald Trump: And we'll get it done. And nobody else is even going to come close. They won't even try. And if they did try, nothing would happen. Under President Trump, America's future will be energy abundance, energy independence. And soon, we will be energy dominant. We're going to be dominant, much more so than Russia. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: You know, we started off No. 3. By the time I left, we were No. 1 by a lot, and we were going to be doubling and tripling them up. The cutting of ANWR was a shame. Ronald Reagan tried to get it, he couldn't get it. Every president, they all tried to get ANWR in Alaska. I got it. It's -- they think the size of Alaska in terms of what's under there.

Donald Trump: And in the first week in office, he terminated it. I got it all done. They all start to drilling, took them a year and a half. They got everything perfect. They were all starting in Alaska to drill. And what a shame that is. ANWR could have been maybe -- maybe the biggest site in the world. But we're going to get it back, it'll be back very quickly.

Donald Trump: I promise you that. Because I know the roadmap, I know that roadmap very well. People said, "I can't believe you got ANWR. Ronald Reagan couldn't get, nobody could get it." And it was easier then because now you have the environmental stuff at levels that, you know, nobody's ever seen before. Much of it to stop us from making progress.

Donald Trump: I will also stop Chinese-owned electric vehicle battery companies from coming to Michigan and stealing our intellectual property, [Audience responds affirmatively] our workers knowledge and then sending it back to Communist China. We're not going to let that happen. We're not going to let that happen.

Donald Trump: Every part of comrade Kamala's economic plan looks like it was written for her by the Chinese Communist Party. It actually looks much better. Now, in all fairness, she did an interview today. She didn't want to go in alone. How do you think President Xi is going to deal with this. Oh, he's just -- he's just savoring it.

Donald Trump: So, she went in with this vice president guy that nobody ever heard of. And she did an interview with a very friendly reporter. Well, see maybe the friendly reporter, not friendly to a lot of other people. They were -- she was very fair to me. Dana Bash, very fair to me in the debate. We had the debate with sleepy Joe.

Donald Trump: He was very -- she was very fair, and Jake Tapper was very fair. You know, I was -- I respect -- I don't call him Jake Tapper anymore. I may have to start eventually. But, no, but they were -- I thought they were very fair, I just said neutral. Could you be neutral? Would that be OK? And they were, they were pretty neutral.

Donald Trump: And -- but Dana Bash is uh interviewing Kamala. And people just want to see if she can get through the interview. Nobody knows what's going on. I've done so many interviews in the last couple of months. Every time I go out, I have an interview, I have people, reporters, we talk to them. And they ask me every question in the book.

Donald Trump: And we answer them. And you don't see any scandals brewing. Nothing. We answer them properly. You have to -- as president, you have to be able to deal -- you're dealing with the toughest, smartest, most ruthless people in the world. If you can't do an interview, we got the wrong person. To get more relief to working-class citizens and seniors on fixed incomes, we will have no tax on tips, [Audience responds affirmatively] and we will have no tax on Social Security benefits.

Donald Trump: Right? Right? And I did it four years. I didn't touch your Social Security, and they're going to end up adding a lot of years. I know because I know people in that party, too. They're going to add five years, six years on. We're not going to add any years on. They're going to add -- I think they're going to destroy Social Security and Medicare because they have all these millions of people coming into the country.

Donald Trump: They want to make them citizens and they want them to get onto Social Security, Medicare, and other plans? And that's going to be very destructive. It's going to destroy Social Security. In addition, as part of our efforts to help working families, I'm announcing today in a major statement that under the Trump administration, your government will pay for, or your insurance company will be mandated to pay for all costs associated with IVF treatment, fertilization for women, IVF treatment.

Donald Trump: Because we want more babies to put it very nicely. And for this same reason, we will also allow new parents to deduct major newborn expenses from their taxes so that parents that have a beautiful baby will be able -- so we're pro-family, nobody's ever said that before. But the IVF treatments are expensive.

Donald Trump: It's very hard for many people to do it and to get it. But I've been in favor of IVF right from the beginning. You know, if you talk to them, they'll say, oh, he really doesn't like -- they have ads like I'm against it. It's just the opposite. By comparison, they're against it, but I'm totally in favor of it.

Donald Trump: But we're going to do what I just said. We're going to pay for it, and it'll help families because a lot of families can't use it. And a lot of these same families have been hurt so badly by their inflation. They caused the inflation, and we are going to pay for the IVF treatments fertilization. They're going to pay for it.

Donald Trump: We're going to take care of it. And another key driver of inflation is the migrant invasion Kamala Harris has created on our southern border, which is causing immense inflationary pressure on housing and essential goods. There has never been anything like coming into our country. Border czar Harris, now, she's saying, "I was never named the border czar."

Donald Trump: Yes, she was. But we don't have to just say she was in charge of the border. We don't have to call her a czar. She wasn't really a czar. I think czar is a compliment. Border czar Harris will import millions more illegal aliens and give them free housing and groceries. And I will send the illegal aliens back home where they belong.

Donald Trump: We have no choice. We have no choice. It's not like -- we cannot afford this. You know, if they got in four years, you'd have over 100 million people from all over the world. And remember this, crime rates are going down in all these countries because they're sending us their criminals. They're sending us their drug dealers.

Donald Trump: They're sending us their people that are in jails. And I don't have to go and -- crazy but that's common sense. I would do the same thing. If I was running some nice country in South America or all over the world -- the Congo in Africa, 22 people came out of jail recently. They sent them here. "Where do you come from?" "Congo."

Donald Trump: Oh, that's nice. Where are you from in the Congo? "Jail." "Oh, what did you do?" We don't want to say, you can imagine, let me just tell you, welcome, there your citizens. And they're doing this all over the world. Tom Homan told me -- who's great by the way. He is really great, Brandon Judd, all these guys, Paul, all these guys, they're incredible people.

Donald Trump: But they told -- the Border Patrol people are incredible, what they put up with from these incompetent lunatics that don't even talk to them. They said we have, as of last week this year, 169 countries represented by people coming illegally into our country. Most people don't even know you have that many countries.

Donald Trump: You know, some of those countries, we don't even know the language. It's a different language. We don't have anybody in our country that even speaks it. But they're pouring in, and many of them are the worst people in those countries, and their crime rates are going way down. In Venezuela, their crime rate has gone plummeted because they're sending their killers.

Donald Trump: And if you saw that skit today, it was a skit. I thought it was -- well, I've seen it all. I guess I didn't really think too much about it other than how bad it is. In Venezuela, do you see the gang of Venezuelans today, they took over a building. They literally took over the building, walked in with machine guns, guns, gang members from Venezuela.

Donald Trump: You haven't seen even the beginning of this migrant crime. We're going to have a migrant crime. And just remember, you know they have a hat. It said Trump was right about everything, and I have to say I pretty much was right about everything. You're going to see, unfortunately. I wish I wasn't. I wish I wasn't.

Donald Trump: And be careful with World War III. I don't want to be right about that. And I'm not going to say, but I will tell you we're close. October 7th would have never happened because Iran was broke with me. They had no money for Hezbollah. They had no money for Hamas. Russia would have never ever attacked Ukraine.

Donald Trump: We would have had no inflation. You wouldn't have had that horrible embarrassing mess, that horrible, horrible mess in Afghanistan. So many things this country would be a totally different country now. And I will end deadly sanctuary cities in the state of Michigan and all across the country. Nobody wants them, nobody wants them.

Donald Trump: So just sort of in concluding, here is what we know about comrade Kamala Harris. She just doesn't care about the American people, especially hardworking people or middle-class Americans. She just doesn't give a damn about you. She does not care about the deaths, sex slavery, drugs, or criminals coming across our border.

Donald Trump: She's been vice president for almost four years, and she did nothing to stop the invasion of our country. She says that that's not her job, but it is her job. The president of the United States gave her that job. She just didn't do it, and she won't do it now. She does not care about the middle class struggling over inflation, the cost of gasoline and electricity, and she doesn't care about the cost of food.

Donald Trump: She does not care if you lose your job or cannot find another comparable job. She doesn't care. She does not care if you have to run up your credit card to levels that are unsustainable. She does not care if you and your family are struggling, and she did absolutely nothing to fix it. She's the vice president, she just does not care.

Donald Trump: She does not care about women's rights because she supported destroying women's sports and athletic scholarships. She wants men to play in women's sports. She's one of the leaders, [Audience boos] "Men should play in women's sport" You know, she's far -- further left than Bernie Sanders. Think of it, nobody wanted Bernie Sanders to be president.

Donald Trump: She's much further left than Bernie Sanders, rated No. 1. She makes Pocahontas look like a conservative. Do you know who Pocahontas is? Yes, Elizabeth Warren. [Audience boos] She said her mother said that she had high cheekbones and, therefore, she's an Indian. No, I don't think so. Actually, that's a very racist statement that she said, isn't it? If I ever said that, I would be trouble.

Donald Trump: No, she said, "My mother said I was Indian because I had high cheekbones." And then, she put down on every application that she's an Indian, she's an Indian, getting jobs all over the place. But we knocked her out of the presidential race, pretty good, too. That's Pocahontas. They said, "We want you to apologize to Pocahontas for using that term."

Donald Trump: I said, "I will do that." People were shocked because I don't give up too easy, and I did apologize to Pocahontas, the real Pocahontas. I said, "Pocahontas, I'm sorry, I got you tied up with this person. This crazy person. Sorry, Pocahontas. I'm sorry, Pocahontas." But Elizabeth Warren is not nearly as radical left as this person, Kamala.

Donald Trump: But nobody knows Kamala because she doesn't do anything. She does not care about protecting little children from sex change operations because she chose tampon Tim, [Audience boos] as her running mate who believes the state, not mothers and fathers, should have the final say on sex change operations for their children. [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: Do you know that? The states are allowed to decide whether or not they're going to do a sex change operation on their children? [Audience boos] Kamala Harris wants to outlaw your car and truck and force you to buy electric vehicles, whether you like it or not. She couldn't care less, and you can't afford to do that.

Donald Trump: Because again, they don't go far, but they're much more expensive. She does not care how it impacts you and your family. Kamala Harris does not care about senior citizens because she believes illegal aliens should receive Social Security and Medicare, which she knows will bankrupt those insurance programs, making it impossible for you to receive your pension and your health care, which you paid for.

Donald Trump: Your entire life, you've been paying for it. People are going to take it away, those people that are coming in. Remember, they're living in luxury hotels, and our veterans are dying on the street. You know that. They're dying on the streets under the hotels. We have pictures last night, veterans dying on the street and others citizens, but veterans dying on the street.

Donald Trump: And inside the hotel, nice and high and nice rooms, the government is paying a fortune to keep illegal aliens that came into our country, many of them criminals. There's something wrong with the thought process. She wants to destroy your private health care, even if you like it, even if your employer contributes to it.

Donald Trump: And she wants Washington, DC, to make your medical decisions. She wants Washington to decide what procedures, medicines, and care you should receive. Whether you like it or whether you don't, she doesn't care. Kamala Harris has had nearly four years to show us who she is. She is an uncaring politician with a radical ideology.

Donald Trump: She is a Marxist just like her father. Despite her campaign of lies and flip-flops, we know who Kamala Harris is. She's the greatest flip-flopper of all time. She's copying every policy of Trump. She will -- let's make her MAGA. We'll make -- I don't think so. Does anybody want to make Kamala MAGA? [Audience responds "No"] I don't think so.

Donald Trump: We'll get her -- we'll send her a red hat without MAGA on it. We know by her actions and we know by her inaction. We know she does not care about working people about the middle class, about the American citizen. She does not respect you, ask the families of the 13 incredible service member heroes who died during the surrender of Afghanistan, which was surrendered by Kamala and sleepy Joe.

Donald Trump: Whether or not Kamala Harris cares about our young people and our military, those incredible parents and sisters and brothers, they asked me to go yesterday to Arlington, and I did. And while I was there, I was there for a long time, it was very tough to get to because I was not in a good position to get there.

Donald Trump: I was very far away, but I did. I made it my -- and I got there right on time. And I spent a lot of time there. And while I was there, those families that asked me to be there as they said three families plus one soldier who was horrifically injured, both legs and an arm. And they asked me if I would be there, so I went.

Donald Trump: And while we were there, they said, "Could you take pictures over the grave of my son my sister, my brother? Would you take pictures with us, sir?" I said, "Absolutely." I did. And then, I said farewell, I said goodbye. And last night, I read that I was using the site to politic, that I used it to politic.

Donald Trump: This all comes out of Washington, just like all of these prosecutors come out of Washington. They all come out. They send their prosecutors into the DA's office. They send them into the attorney general's office. These are bad people we're dealing with. So, I go there, they ask me to have a picture, and they say I was campaigning.

Donald Trump: I don't need -- the one thing I get is plenty of publicity. I don't need that. I don't need the publicity. But these are great people. And when you think about it, Joe Biden killed their children by incompetence, should have never happened. Kamala killed their children just as though they had a gun in their hand by gross incompetence.

Donald Trump: And not one general or incompetent bureaucrat was fired for the most embarrassing moment in the history of our country. And then, they accused me of having a picture taken at the tombstone with the family because they loved the president. They love me, and I love them. I got to know them. Ask the cops in the street trying to protect you from murderers and rapists and thugs if Kamala Harris cares about law-abiding citizens.

Donald Trump: Remember, defund the police. Ask the families of women raped and murdered by illegal aliens and the teenagers cut to shreds by gangs from El Salvador and Venezuela if Kamala Harris cares about you. She destroyed San Francisco. Harris has opposed school choice for poor inner-city kids. She has opposed police in schools to protect our children.

Donald Trump: She has defended stacking school library shelves with filthy graphic books, horrible books. She refused to prosecute pedophiles who molested children when she was Da and AG in California. Does this sound like someone who cares about your children? [Audience responds "No"] Kamala Harris has failed you.

Donald Trump: She has failed totally as vice president of the United States. She's been a total failure. Nobody even knows who she is. She's broken trust with you. She's done nothing for the middle class, nothing for working families. And she's done absolutely nothing for hardworking people. Your eyes don't lie, you see it, you know it.

Donald Trump: We all see it. She's the sitting vice president of the United States and yet nobody knows who the hell she is. She does not give a damn about you. This is the real Kamala Harris. And now, she wants to get a promotion, did the worst job. All she had to do was take care of the border, that would be OK.

Donald Trump: Just take care of the border, she couldn't even do that. She never even went there. She went to a location that you'd like to go to, to have dinner with your family. She never even went to the border effectively. Think of it. Never spoke to anybody. All of those great border agents, "Did you ever speak to her?" No, Nobody ever spoke to her.

Donald Trump: Well, I'm here to not give her a promotion. I'm here to give her a demotion [Audience responds affirmatively] because she can hide, she can lie through her surrogates and the corrupt media. And they are very corrupt, remember that. But the truth is coming out, and it will come out. The American people are smart.

Donald Trump: They are not to be manipulated by Hollywood, the fake news media and advertising. And as you deserve a president who respects you, talks to you and who levels with you, puts it right on the level, and who always has your best interests and has your back, I have your back, I have your heart, and I have every other part of your body.

Donald Trump: All of us today are part of the greatest political movement in the history of our country. This is the greatest movement in the history of our country. We did something that nobody -- we really broke them up. This was getting bad. We broke them up. They're not happy about it. They're nasty. But this is the greatest MAGA, Make America Great Again, the greatest movement in the history of our country. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: You know outside -- they won't ever report this, they never report it. Outside, you have thousands and thousands of people that couldn't get in. They don't get seats like you guys. They didn't get the seats that you got, believe me. But you have thousands and thousands of people outside as far as the eye could see as we're driving up.

Donald Trump: With your vote, we will deliver low taxes, low regulations, low energy costs, low interest rates, and low inflation so that everyone can afford groceries a car and a home. We will stop immediately the horrific invasion and migrant crime, support our police, build a missile defense shield all around our country [Audience responds affirmatively] like other countries have.

Donald Trump: We make them here. It will all be made right here, and it will be made also in Michigan, a lot of it. [Audience responds affirmatively] But we're going to have -- and Ronald Reagan wanted that many years ago. But the truth is, at that point, we didn't have the technology. Now, we have great technology, you see that other countries have it, we don't have it.

Donald Trump: We're going to have the best of all. We're going to have a missile defense system going to be built in the United States, installed all over and around our country. We're going to restore peace through strength, which is what I did. We had no wars when Donald Trump was president. Now, we have nothing but wars.

Donald Trump: Prime Minister Viktor Orban of Hungary, he said the reason that the world is a mess because Trump is no longer president. When Trump was president, they were afraid of Trump. I don't want to use that term, but he did. He said they were afraid. China was afraid, Putin was afraid. I stopped Putin's pipeline in Europe.

Donald Trump: I'm sorry, Vladimir, I can't let you do it. I stopped it. It was stopped cold. And then, when Biden got in the first day, he approved it. Then they say, "Trump was weak on Russia." Putin said, "If you're weak on us, I'd hate like hell to see if you're strong on us." But the war would have never happened, would have never ever happened.

Donald Trump: But Viktor Orban said, "You bring back Trump, and the whole world is going to be a safer place." [Audience responds affirmatively] We're going to keep critical race theory and transgender insanity out of our schools. [Audience responds affirmatively] We're going to keep men out of women's sports and we're going to return our society based on merit, which the Supreme Court has given us the right to do based on merit.

Donald Trump: We're going to go back to a merit system. If you're good at something, that's what you get. The Supreme Court approved that. That was courageous. We will defend the Second Amendment. We're going to do something that I think is very important. We're going to restore free speech, and we will really truly restore.

Donald Trump: We're going to fix our elections so that our elections are going to be honorable and honest and people leave and they know their vote is counted. [Audience responds affirmatively] We are going to have free and fair elections. And ideally, we go to paper ballots, same-day voting, proof of citizenship, very big, and voter ID, very simple, very simple. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: One-day voting, one day. Do you ever see these things? You know, everyone's talking about November 5th, but forget November 5th. It starts on September 6th in various states, North Carolina, but various states, Delaware. It starts on November 6th, goes months and months voting. "Why are those boxes being moved around? Why are those ballots being moved? Why are they not --" "Sir, we're fixing the air conditioning in that particular room."

Donald Trump: It is so bad. It is so out of control. Everyone under President Trump will prosper, every family will thrive, and Michigan manufacturing will dominate like never before. You're going to dominate like never before. But for that to happen this election day, you must tell comrade Kamala, "Comrade, you're doing a horrible job. You've been a terrible vice president, a horrible, horrible border czar. You're not a border czar, you're a border patsy. You were played by every country in the world."

Donald Trump: The worst job we've ever seen, probably the worst vice president we've ever had. He certainly was the worst president. "Comrade Kamala, you're fired. Get out of here. You're fired. Get out of here. Get out of here." It's amazing they can have support. I don't get it. Who would support somebody that wants open borders? Who would support somebody that wants men in women's sports? You see the boxing in the Olympics? Two transitioned people, they transitioned from men to women.

Donald Trump: Did you see? Fighting a young, beautiful Italian boxer, a top boxer, they thought big things from her. And then I left you up just a jab. She goes, "Whoa, what, I just got hit with a horse." Again, she said, "I'm out." She quit. She couldn't take it, two punches. The second one, likewise, got into the ring with a couple of very talented women just beat the hell out of them.

Donald Trump: They both won the gold medal shockingly. Are you shocked? You're not shocked? You -- in fact, you would have bet everything. You would have bet 100 percent. The odds were pretty good, right? And then, you have people like Kamala -- how about weightlifting. Weightlifting records set many years ago, they put one-eighth of an ounce on each side, 18-year-old record.

Donald Trump: They go out there, and they're strong women. They can't quite make it, though. Guy comes out, "Have you lifted before?" "No, no. How do I do it?" Just put your hands on the bar and try, "OK, you mean like this? Oh." They beat it by like hundreds of pounds. The whole thing is crazy, [Audience responds affirmatively] and nobody wants to complain.

Donald Trump: You know, the women like the swimmers, they don't like to complain. They're really afraid to complain because they'll be accused of bad things, bad things. But look at the swimmers, they come out, they're Olympic swimmers. And they look left, they look right. They see people that they were growing up with, great swimmers.

Donald Trump: And then, they look over and they see this huge -- it was Wilt Chamberlain, but slightly bigger. And she says, "Well, look at the size of this person, I don't recognize the person from California, from the California swim groups that I participated in for 10 years before I got to the Olympic trials." And this person blew them away.

Donald Trump: In fact it was very sad. They got passed so fast. The wind was so tremendous that she suffered wind burns, they had to take her out of the pool. All right, now, we -- we joke about very serious subjects. I mean, it's so sad. But really, what's sad is that people that would want something like that. And it's so demeaning to women, right? Don't you think it's so demeaning to women? We love women.

Donald Trump: That's so demeaning to women. Never had anything like it. But you have to watch the fights. It's so -- it just says it, it says it so simply. You watch these two fights, it was like they didn't even have to do anything. Olympic gold, they won Olympic gold, they transitioned. So, get your friends, get your family, register volunteer, and get out, and you got to vote.

Donald Trump: And, Pete, you are doing a great job, by the way. I see you sitting there. [Audience responds affirmatively] You are doing a great job. Pete Hoekstra, I'm glad I remembered to introduce him. I would have been -- he would have quit just before the election. I would -- he's doing -- we're doing good, right? Yeah, he's a -- he was a great congressman.

Donald Trump: He was the one we earmarked, right, Mike? We wanted Pete. And I hear you're doing a fantastic job. We appreciate it very much. On November 5th, we will save our economy, we'll rescue our middle class will put America first and we will make America great again. We're going to make America greater than ever before.

Donald Trump: We're going to bring back your car industry. We're not going to just keep it a little bit that you have left. You lost most of your industry. We're going to bring back your car industry. We're going to let them build plants, but they're not building them in Mexico. They're going to build them in the United States of America, and they're going to be fired up by our autoworkers.

Donald Trump: And we're going to bring them back in numbers that nobody can believe. And I can do it so easily. We were all set to do it. And then, we had the -- the COVID disaster coming from. And we did a great job, never got the credit for it, the ventilators, the therapeutics that we did, the robes, the goggles, everything.

Donald Trump: But what China did was very bad, very bad. But we're going to bring it all back to this state. You're going to have the greatest state in the world for auto making. You're coming back with auto making because that's what you do, and that's what you do best. And a lot of these people, even if it's just job related, autoworker-related, this is what they want to do.

Donald Trump: And they want to be here. They don't want to have to move. But you're not going to have any place to move because other jobs are going to be gone too. They're taking away all our jobs. We're not going to let it happen. We're going to make America great. We're going to make America the production capital, manufacturing capital of the world, and it's going to happen very fast.

Donald Trump: I hope you're going to go out and vote for me because, honestly, [Applause] if you don't, our country is finished. Thank you. God bless you. God bless America. Thank you, everybody.