Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-campaign-event-clinton-iowa-january-6-2024

Donald Trump: Wow. Hello, everybody. [Audience chants "USA"]

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much. I want to tell you, that was a hell of a trip I just took. That was really tough. We had a great time in one of your very nice districts. You know where I'm talking about. And I was told between the weather, and we decided brilliantly to rent a small plane because it could save you about 15 minutes if you drove.

Donald Trump: And we did. We rented a small -- we land with the big one. We got into a small one because the runways were a little small for the other one. And to save 15 minutes, it took us a couple of hours because the small plane didn't work. Somebody in Iowa had a plane that was for rent, and we said, let's take that plane, we'll save a couple of minutes.

Donald Trump: But, you know, my people were great. They said, look, the people of Clinton won't mind, sir. You can cancel, and it'll be fine. They said, sir, honestly, you could cancel. They won't mind at all. And I said, there's no way I'm canceling Clinton. There's no way. There's no way. Man, do we get an A for effort, though?

Donald Trump: That was -- that was quite a trip. That was quite a trip. But there was no way. I would never even think about it, especially when I saw the lines. It's all over the internet, the lines of people going back so far. So, I want to thank you. I wouldn't have the courage to do it, if you want to know the truth.

Donald Trump: We have courage to do a lot of things, but we'll start by just saying hello, Iowa. You're going to win this election for us. Happy New Year. Happy New Year. Because nine days from now, the people of this state are going to cast the most important vote of your entire lives. And I used to say that in 2016, I'd say that, and I meant it. But this is more important because they're destroying your nation.

Donald Trump: They are destroying your nation like nobody's ever seen before. What they've done is so sad in every way. The borders, the military. You look at all this inflation killing you. Afghanistan. You know, the press, the fake news wants to forget about Afghanistan, the incompetence which led to other things like Putin going into Ukraine.

Donald Trump: He went into Ukraine. He saw the incompetence of Afghanistan. He says, let's give it a shot. Why not? They wouldn't have done it with me. They wouldn't have attacked Israel with me. They wouldn't have attacked. There was no way. Iran was broke. They were broke when I was president, and they became very rich in the last three years because of Biden.

Donald Trump: Biden, the most corrupt president we've ever had. The worst president we've ever had. [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: The worst president we've ever had, you know. And it's nice because he's an older guy. But this is -- I think it's really nice. Jimmy Carter is happy right now because his administration is brilliant. It's brilliant. People say he had a brilliant administration compared to Joe Biden, crooked Joe Biden.

Donald Trump: I would say Jimmy Carter was a brilliant president all of a sudden. First time. And I hope he likes hearing that because I mean it. By delivering a massive victory in Iowa, you will send a thundering message straight to crooked Joe Biden and the fake news. Look at all those cameras back there. That's a lot.

Donald Trump: To the fake news media and all of the evil and sinister people trying to destroy this nation. With your vote for our campaign on Monday -- January 15th is finally here. We're here. We waited and waited. You will declare that we're going to take back our country. We're going to defeat Joe Biden, and we're going to make America great again.

Donald Trump: And it all starts here in Iowa at 7 p.m., Martin Luther King Day. So, don't stay home. Just please. You know, the polls are showing we're going to win by a lot. And the worst thing you can do? Oh, let's just stay home, Alice. Let's watch -- let's watch it on television. We don't want to do that. You got to get out because the more we win by -- we're shooting for November because we got to send a message.

Donald Trump: We got to send a message. We can't be beaten because if we are beaten, we're not going to have a country left anymore. They're destroying this country. Nobody's ever seen anything like it. Grossly incompetent and also totally corrupt. And what they're doing with elections with the interference is incredible.

Donald Trump: It's warfare, and it really is. They call it lawfare. I call it warfare. I think it really is warfare. If you're a first-time caucusgoer, you can learn how to caucus and find your caucus location, which is often different than where you normally vote. It's at ia.donaldjtrump.com, OK? And I'm going to be learning how to caucus, too, because I'm going to be up here with you.

Donald Trump: I'll be here. We're not taking any chances. And they're going to teach me all about caucusing because I didn't do this one before. And we've had some great thrills here, great victories here. We won two elections. Do you know that if you win Florida, Ohio, and Iowa, in history, there's never been a president that lost the election, except for me. You know, it was a rigged election.

Donald Trump: Now, if you win Florida -- think of it, Florida, Ohio, and Iowa, there's never been a president -- and we won in a landslide, each one of them. We won you in a landslide. We won them all in a landslide. I could give you about 30 other statistics like that, too. But you know what we're going to do? We're going to win this one, and it's going to be the biggest single political event in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: That's all. We're going to turn it around and we're going to turn it around fast. Right? So, get out and vote. Don't listen to the polls. In fact, pretend instead of being 40 points up or some crazy number -- you know, nationally, we're 66% up. It came out 66%. I don't mean we're at 66. I mean -- so you guys are a little far behind for people.

Donald Trump: I got $28 billion for the farmers, you know, because you're only about 40 points up. But don't believe that either. Pretend you're one point down, OK? You're one point down. You have to get out and you have to vote, vote, vote. You got to do it by big, big margins. We're thrilled to be joined today by state representatives.

Donald Trump: Fantastic people. Bobby Kaufmann. Where's Bobby? Bobby. Did he do a good job? He was telling you about caucusing. He was telling you about caucusing. Thank you, Bobby. A great guy. Luana Stoltenberg, who's fantastic. Luana, thank you. Great -- great job. Thank you for being here. Great endorsements. We have endorsements for all the -- from all these people.

Donald Trump: And, Mark Cisneros, thank you very much. Thank you, Mark. Thank you, Mark. Great. Appreciate it. Tremendous energy. Tremendous -- just tremendous people. We have tremendous endorsements in this state. All over the country, they're pouring in. It's amazing how they pour in when you're winning by 50 or 60 points.

Donald Trump: All of a sudden, sir, I'd like very much to endorse you. I think you're fabulous. It's amazing how that happens, isn't it? The stakes of this election could not be higher. Under crooked Joe Biden, our borders have been erased. They've been told -- we don't have borders anymore. It's not even believable. Because you can't have a country without borders.

Donald Trump: Millions of illegal aliens are invading from all over the world. Our middle class is being crushed by Joe Biden's crippling inflation. The worst -- maybe the worst we've ever had, they say, in 52 years. I guess that's OK. But probably the worst. Violent criminals are running wild in Democrat-run cities while law enforcement has been weaponized against Christians, conservatives, and people of faith.

Donald Trump: And, you know, Catholics -- I don't know if there are too many Catholics in this room. Are they? You know, they are -- and I don't know what it is with the Catholics, but they're really going after Catholics. Have you seen that? And I helped the Catholics. I gave them billions of dollars in New York City to help with the schools because they were closing during the China virus period.

Donald Trump: And they were -- people call it COVID. Everyone says, what is COVID? It's the China virus. It came from China. Right? We have war in Europe, war in the Middle East. China is threatening Taiwan. Iran is inches away from a nuclear bomb. You know they have -- 37 days, they -- I just heard now. I say give me updates on that.

Donald Trump: Thirty-seven days, Iran is going to have a nuclear weapon. If the election weren't rigged, you would have had this thing done within one week of the election and they wouldn't have a nuclear weapon, and they would have been very happy. But they were desperate to make a deal. Now, they don't have to make a deal.

Donald Trump: They're very rich. Biden gave them $250 billion when he took off all the sanctions. That's what they have now. They're now -- well, they were broke. And in three years, they've made by selling oil to countries that weren't allowed to buy it. Because I said to China, if you buy oil, you can't do business in the U.S. They said, like we say, I don't think we're going to buy oil.

Donald Trump: And I said we're going to put 100% tariffs on if you do that, too. So, it's a terrible thing. You know, it's a terrible thing. But what they've done -- and in another 30 days, it's going to be a lot tougher to negotiate. I can tell you that. We would have gotten everything. It's going to be a much different deal.

Donald Trump: And I just -- it's just impossible to believe the incompetence of the people that have destroyed our country. But we're going to get it back, and it's going to be bigger and better and stronger than ever before. Remember that. Remember. Our military has gone woke, and we are teetering on the brink of World War III.

Donald Trump: This is the closest we've ever come to World War III. I don't know if you see what's going on out there. We have a president who is incompetent. He can't put two sentences together. He can't find his way off the stage. He can't find it. Never. He's looking around. He's always looking for stairs. Has anyone seen -- you know, to show you how dishonest the fake news is, these guys, they show that and they say Trump could not find his way off the stage.

Donald Trump: It's true. And when I mimic him or, you know, talk like he does, which is I don't want to do it because every time I do, they say Donald Trump had a hard time, but that's how dishonest they are. Even when Sean Hannity -- the other night, I did a town hall. He's a good guy, too. He is a good guy. But he said, OK, because they want to -- you're not going to be a dictator.

Donald Trump: He said you're not -- I said, no, no, Sean, I'm going to be a dictator. I said that. Right. These guys know it better than I do. I'm going to be a dictator for one day, and we're going to build the wall. We're going to complete the wall because we built it. But we're going to clean up that whole -- we're going to stop and we're going to finish.

Donald Trump: He should have -- he could have finished it in two weeks. You know, we built over 500 miles of wall. I could have finished it in two weeks. That's when I realized what was going on. But I said, Sean, I'm going to be a dictator for one day. We're going to do the wall and we're going to become energy-independent.

Donald Trump: We're going to drill, baby, drill. Drill, baby, drill. And then I said, right -- because he's right there. He's on the ball, this guy. Well, he's a caucus captain. I want one of those hats, too. I like that hat more than -- that is a great hat. I'm going to be -- look, I'm doing caucus. I don't know if I'm the captain.

Donald Trump: I think that -- no, I think I'll just be one of the regular folks back there. The captains are big shots with those hats. Those hats are beautiful, white and gold. But I also said to him, right, and then I'm not going to be a dictator. One day -- I said, one day, we're going to stop the invasion of our country, number one, and we're going to become energy-independent.

Donald Trump: We're going to drill, baby, drill. And then I said, and then I'm not going to be a dictator any longer. So, the fake news said I'm going to be a dictator. In other words, that's where they cut it. I said I'm going to be a dictator for one day, right? They said I'm going to be a dictator. They cut the one day out.

Donald Trump: They cut everything out. And the headline was, Donald Trump wants to be a dictator. We've known it for years. But he's admitted it. And these are like networks. This isn't even the -- you know, the fake CNN and the fake MSDNC because it is DNC. MS Democrat National Committee, right? You know, they like Democratic, but it sounds worse when you say Democrat.

Donald Trump: Democratic sounds too nice. They ought to change their name if they want to be called that. But these are the -- these are the networks. And the other day, it was great because, you know, branding is a great thing. Branding is very important in life. I tell you, you want a brand. So, I really branded Ron DeSanctimonious.

Donald Trump: Look, I got him elected, and then he forgot about it. You know, totally forgot. I got him elected. He was down so low he had no chance. He came to my office. He said, please, please. Tears coming down. This -- I mean, this guy was desperate. He had somebody that was up 35 points, the secretary of agriculture, Adam Putnam.

Donald Trump: I didn't know the gentleman. I feel sorry for him now. I wish I would have endorsed him. He was at 42 or something. Ron was down at around three. And I said, you know what, OK because on the impeachment hoax number one and two, he was one of about 150 congressmen who went on television who would fight for me a little bit.

Donald Trump: So, I didn't know the other guy. I said, all right. I pressed that little sacred button. I said bing. And he went up like the race was over. And the other guy, Adam, he was up in Tallahassee. They were measuring the rooms for carpet. You know, the race was over. It was like about a 30-point spread or some massive spread.

Donald Trump: And he won. And then I helped him get by the Democrat opponent who [Technical difficulty] good-looking guy. They said he was going to be a president someday. He had a big future. Turned out to be a crack [Audio gap] he was a beauty. But he was way ahead of Ron, and we worked, and I said we'll do a couple of rallies.

Donald Trump: We did two or three rallies. We had massive crowds. He won. And then four years later, they said, will you run? And he said, I have no comment. When he said I have -- I said, he's going to run. This guy is going to run. I got him elected -- and I got him -- you know, some people, I help. Some people don't need help.

Donald Trump: I think they all need help, actually, because it's tough out there. But some people don't need much. He was dead. It was over. He was going to go out. He was going to either work at a pizza chain or he was going to work in a law office. And he was dead. He was gone. I got him elected. And then they said, are you going to run?

Donald Trump: He said, I have no comment on that. I said this guy is going to run. [Audio gap] people in the back, they said, sir, don't hit him so hard. He's a Republican, sir. I said I don't care if he's a Republican. [Audio gap] if he's a Republican. And by the way, we're people of common sense. You know, we're conservative, I guess, and all, right?

Donald Trump: But what we really are is [Audio gap] being conservative I think is, they're people of common sense. We want borders. We want fair elections. We want low interest rates. We want a strong military. We want low taxes [Audio gap] tax decrease ever. Now, we're people of common sense. We want voter ID, right? Can you imagine?

Donald Trump: They don't want voter ID [Audio gap] not want voter ID? Because they want to cheat. I'm the only candidate in this race who is up to the task of saving America from every [Audio gap] Biden disaster starting day one. I know every one of them. I know what they've done. [Audio gap] very quickly. And you won't have to buy an electric car, and you'll be able to [Audio gap] from day one.

Donald Trump: And if you want to buy it, you can, but you're going to have a lot of [Audio gap] you'll have a lot of choices, all right? You're going to have -- you know, we have something called liquid [Audio gap] right? That equates to gasoline for a car. But it's oil and gas. We have more than any other country. We were making a fortune.

Donald Trump: We were energy-independent. [Audio gap] lowest point for decades and decades. We were selling it. We were going to sell it [Audio gap] sell it to Asia. We're going to make so much money. We're going to reduce our debt. But then we had this terrible situation with the election, which was we can never let that happen again.

Donald Trump: We can't let it happen again. If it happens again, this country is finished. This country is finished. Since 2016, you and I have been in this battle [Audio gap] and I recognize a lot of the people in this room. We've been doing this for a while. That's why I showed up tonight. I know you. You're not [Audio gap] very nice.

Donald Trump: Ladies and gentlemen, after standing in line for six hours and being in here for three hours, although you're listening to good music, right? And then I come and say I'm not going to show up tonight, Clinton. And I think that's [Audio gap] probably vote Ron DeSanctimonious, Nikki Haley. Vivek. Would you vote for Vivek?

Donald Trump: You wouldn't vote for sloppy Chris Christie, I don't think. That much you wouldn't do. But taking on the entire corrupt system [Audio gap] like no one's ever done before, we've done that together. Together, we stood up, and we really did [Audio gap] fail [Audio gap] the corrupt media. They're the most corrupt people on earth.

Donald Trump: They are as bad as anybody. Just like I told you the story, walking into a wall where they show you you're walking into a wall, they say Trump just walked in and couldn't find his way off the stage. By the way, you know, these stages, this one only has two because you people are cheap, but usually, you have -- no, you usually have three or four.

Donald Trump: Some of them have like five stairs. You have so many stairs it's like impossible not to [Audio gap] find it. This is not the man we want negotiating nuclear with Russia or China. Do we agree? But we stood up, and we stood up to the deep state, the globalists, the warmongers, the people that want to go into war with every country that even countries you've [Audio gap] they don't even want us over there.

Donald Trump: The Wall Street special interests, the open borders fanatics, the Green New scam people. You know, the Green New scam. We're spending trillions of dollars on the Green New scam. Radical left. We achieved more than any [Audio gap] in the history of our country. We've done things that nobody believed possible.

Donald Trump: I mean, the biggest tax cut in history, biggest regulation cuts in history, greatest job numbers in history. I mean, we have -- you know, their job numbers [Audio gap] because a lot of people aren't looking [Audio gap] because they handed them so much money. And those people won't be working for a long time.

Donald Trump: They're not real job numbers. And our country is in trouble. I actually think that if for any reason something happens and we don't win, I think we're going to go into a depression. The reason the stock market is good is because they -- you know, every poll has us winning by a lot. And every time there's a good poll, watch it, the stock market goes up and up and up and up. And if something happened where it gets stolen because it's the only way they're going to do it. They -- they're professional thieves.

Donald Trump: They're the greatest. [Audio gap] that genius [Audio gap] our country, we would have the most successful country ever, ever. But they're not. They want to destroy their country. [Audio gap] these caucuses, we're going to finish the job bigger and better and stronger than ever before. Our country will be -- believe it or not, it's hard to believe now because you see those scenes at the border with millions of people trying to get in. And don't forget, many of those people are from prisons.

Donald Trump: Many of those people are from mental institutions [Audio gap] asylums. Many of them are terrorists. Many of them are terrorists. [Audio gap] coming into our country, and we're going to get them out. We're going to have to because no country can sustain this. You can't sustain this. [Audio gap] long and hard to rescue the Republican Party from the likes of Mitt Romney.

Donald Trump: How bad is Mitt Romney? Is he the worst? [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: You know, he likes to pretend he's like legit. Remember, he did the thing on Twitter. By the way, truth is the best there's nothing [Audio gap] where he had the fake name. Very good. Pierre Delecto. Who the hell said that? That's very good. I was just going to say it. There he is. This [Audio gap] politics, right?

Donald Trump: That's why we kept the Iowa in. That's why we kept -- you know, you're only first -- you're first in the nation [Audio gap] because of me, not because of anyone else. You know, they like to take credit. They said, sir, sir, could you help us? I said, yeah, I'll do it. I'm going to keep it because I made that pledge to you seven years ago.

Donald Trump: I said if we win, you're going to be first [Audio gap] They wanted to move you to the back of the pack. And in fact, the Democrats basically have done that. You know, they're not going to be here with us, which is fine [Audio gap] I think it was -- I think it was a stupid decision because, to me, Iowa, it means farmers.

Donald Trump: It means just beautiful. Everything. I drove here. Even in this horrible rain and snow, well, it's pretty beautiful, actually. The snow came down. The rain came. I saw everything in a period of 20 minutes from [Audio gap] every form of weather in the period of about 25 minutes because we were going slightly fast.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, Secret Service. We're going like -- those red lights, they didn't mean [Audio gap] But I saw every form of weather you can see. But we're going to do something -- we're going to do something really, really great. We're going to -- this [Audio gap] when we [Audio gap] want to say -- I always like to say if because I don't want to jinx it, you understand?

Donald Trump: Does anyone understand? They say, sir, not if, it's when. I've seen -- I've seen what they can do. They can work magic where you're winning in Pennsylvania by, like, close to a million votes, and all of a sudden, a miracle happens. At 3:00 in the morning, they found -- they found another million ballots. So [Audio gap] good people [Audio gap] great group of people.

Donald Trump: And we had the -- you know, that was China virus territory and a lot of people were afraid to come out like security, and a lot of people, they were afraid. Nobody knew what was going on. But we have good people. I don't -- I can't imagine it would be possible. They're going to try. They have all their A-Team out.

Donald Trump: That's the only thing they do well, actually. They cheat. And also misinformation. They say we really want to run against Trump. Well, how did that work out for Hillary? Not too good. And remember, we did much better than we did in 2016. We got like 12 million more votes, right? We got more votes than any sitting president in history.

Donald Trump: And we lost to a guy that never -- you know, never left his basement. He didn't get 80 million votes. He didn't get 80 million votes. And they have a big enthusiasm problem now. You know, it's interesting, speaking of that. So, I left the hotel [Audio gap] and they said, sir, Nikki Haley is going to have a very big protest outside.

Donald Trump: So, I figured [Audio gap] everybody, and, you know, they'll have a protest. There was nobody there. It was one guy who was the nicest guy. He had a little tiny Haley. That name was like this big. It wasn't like that guy or that guy or these people with those beautiful signs, L. But it wasn't like that tiny little thing.

Donald Trump: You could barely -- I was actually going to suggest that he make it larger. [Audio gap] Trump, hi. Hi. I said hi. I could have persuaded him, but I was late for the other rally. I wanted to be nice on time. Unlike what I was for you. I wanted to be -- I wanted to be on time. But this big rally turned out to be one person.

Donald Trump: The nicest rallygoer I've ever seen for the other side. I'm sure he's going to vote for us. I was nice to him. I said hi. Make sure you -- I said, make sure you go and vote. And he said, thank you very much. But that's what they have. They have no enthusiasm. Our people have enthusiasm. So, I heard it's [Audio gap] so I saw Bobby [Audio gap] saw the whole group backstage.

Donald Trump: I said, well, I hear the weather's going to be very cold. It's going to be cold. Not going to be rainy. It's going to be cold. And they said [Audio gap] Why is it good? Why is that good? Because the other side will never vote because they don't have any enthusiasm. We won't lose one vote because our people, they use the term will walk on glass.

Donald Trump: They're not going [Audio gap] They're going to walk on glass. So -- and I think it's true [Audio gap] You know, we've gone through two unbelievably successful campaigns. And again, the second was [Audio gap] But, you know, bad things happen. But we've gone through [Audio gap] was legendary. [Audio gap] legendary.

Donald Trump: This will be the biggest thing perhaps ever to happen [Audio gap] We're fighting against [Audio gap] criminals, you know, where they weaponize. And, you know, two can play that game. It's a very dangerous game once they start that. But we could have done a lot of stuff, too. I thought it was so bad for the country.

Donald Trump: I thought it was so bad for the country. And it is very bad for the country. And they are criminals. You look at the kind of things, the stuff that he -- the money he takes from these foreign countries. If that were us, they would have reinstituted the death penalty if that were us. You know, the money that he gets from China, he gets the $3.5 million from Russia.

Donald Trump: Remember, I brought that up on the stage. Chris Wallace said, you can't talk. I said, why? He got $3.5 million from the mayor of Moscow's wife. What did he do for it? Did he work for it? Did he invest? No, I don't think so. He invested in his own pocket. But I said, why is that? The money they've taken -- and you know [Audio gap] play this game.

Donald Trump: It's a very [Audio gap] and it's very bad. And our country is dying, and there's no [Audio gap] waste. You vote. You have to [Audio gap] establishment politicians out of there because they're bad, whether it's Democrat or Republican. Unlike every other candidate in this race, with me, you know in your heart that I will always put America first, which I will.

Donald Trump: I think I've [Audio gap] had a nice life. Look, I didn't need this. I got indicted more than Al [Audio gap] Did you ever hear of Al Capone? Al Capone, he was the greatest mobster of them all. Scarface. You ever see the movie "Scarface?" He had a scar from here [Audio gap] scar. And I think he probably liked it. He thought it looked good.

Donald Trump: But Al Capone, he was indicted less than me. I got indicted because I challenged a crooked election. Now, it's turned out, you saw the facts [Audio gap] two days ago, 100% right. I have no doubt about it. Never did have any doubt about it. But now, what they're doing is misinformation. That's right. You're right about that, actually. [Audio gap] Trump was right about everything.

Donald Trump: I actually was, including Wuhan. I said Wuhan, that's where it came from. You know, everyone was saying -- they tried to blame Italy. They tried to blame France. They tried us. They tried to blame the American soldiers. You know, the soldiers said, what did we have to do with it? But now, it came out of the lab.

Donald Trump: I said it came out of the lab from Wuhan, and that's what happened. That's a sad thing. And I think it was incompetence. You know, a lot of people think otherwise. I think it was gross incompetence. I think the scientists walked out, had lunch with his girlfriend. She died [Audio gap] and a lot of people started dying.

Donald Trump: And that's where it spread. That's how it came. I believe I've said it from the beginning. But a vote for Donald Trump and these caucuses is a vote to secure your border, a vote to stop the invasion of [Audio gap] It's like a military invasion because I believe they're killing [Audio gap] they're killing 300,000 people a year, not -- you know, you always hear 90, 90. I've been hearing 90 for [Audio gap] I believe it's 300,000, 350,000. And we had it down to the lowest number in a long time because we not only stopped -- you know, we had the safest border ever recorded, meaning perhaps a 200 years ago, it was good [Audio gap] but we had the safest border ever recorded.

Donald Trump: And there's never been anything like that. [Audio gap] the worst -- we have the worst immigration situation of any country anywhere in the world, ever. There's never been -- even a third-world country where you have a thing like this, and they would stop it. They'd use sticks and stones [Audio gap] but they wouldn't let it happen.

Donald Trump: We let it happen. We encouraged it. And these are people that are occupying our hospitals now. They're taking the place of our vets. I mean, our vets are sleeping out on the street and these people are staying at the Waldorf Astoria Hotel. It's crazy. It's crazy. It's crazy. It's really bad. It's a vote to rescue [Audio gap] a vote to reclaim our democracy because, you know, that's his new theme.

Donald Trump: Did you watch him stumble through that speech last night? Donald Trump is a threat to democracy. Now, that's the only thing he can say because they didn't do anything. In fact, a lot of the people were saying, you know, got a little tired. I think [Audio gap] times. But he said Donald Trump is [Audio gap] their case because he can't say anything good.

Donald Trump: The world is blowing up. They asked the great Viktor Orban of Hungary, one of the toughest, smartest leaders in the world. Very respected, very tough guy. Very tough guy. He doesn't play games. They say, what could we do [Audio gap] He says, make sure Trump becomes president because when he was [Audio gap] I wouldn't say it. He said when he was president, China feared him.

Donald Trump: Russia feared him. Every country feared him. I [Audio gap] respect, but they feared our country because they knew that there was no games. Russia was never going into Ukraine, and it was the apple of his eye. I talked to him a lot, Putin. You know, they hated when I got along with Putin, but I like getting along [Audio gap] 1,600 nuclear weapons, I think getting along with them.

Donald Trump: I got along with Kim Jong Un. You would have [Audio gap] at the time, if Hillary got in, you would have been in a nuclear war with Kim Jong Un. He expected it. I got to know him. He liked me. We got along great. It didn't start that way, little rocket man, all this stuff. It started tough, but he got along, we got along, and he had no problem.

Donald Trump: But now, he's getting very anxious again. He's getting very anxious because they're not dealing with him properly. They're not dealing with anybody properly. And that's why you could end up in a third World War. And while we're close to the election, we're not close enough because 10 months for them, they can destroy our country all the way in 10 months.

Donald Trump: Ten months, they can destroy our country. And you probably heard me say, if you took the 10 worst presidents -- I used to say the five, and then I realized the five don't even come close. If you took the 10 worst presidents in the history of our country, the 10 worst, you added them up, they won't have do -- they couldn't [Audio gap] damage that this guy has done to our country.

Donald Trump: And remember, you know, MAGA is the greatest [Audio gap] But I was going to put it KAG. I'm glad I didn't do that, actually, KAG, Keep America Great. But then I realized, America is not great. I can't use it. America is not great right now. We're going to make it great. [Audio gap] than ever before. But right now, we're a laughingstock all over. [Audio gap] is our last chance to save America.

Donald Trump: The battle begins in Iowa. It begins right here. First in the nation. It begins in Iowa on January 15th, and Joe Biden's Banana Republic ends on [Audio gap] 2024. That's what it is. And with your help, we're going to bring back our country. We're going to bring it back from hell because this country has been in hell, what they've done.

Donald Trump: And they ought to -- you know what they ought to do? They ought to release the J6 hostages. They've suffered a lot. They have to release them. I call them hostages. Some people call them prisoners. I call them hostages. Release the J6 hostages, Joe. Release them, Joe. You can do it real easy, Joe. What he's done -- what he's done to people.

Donald Trump: And Antifa knocks the hell out of Portland, takes over parts of Seattle, destroys Minneapolis. So, I didn't send in the soldiers in Minneapolis, you wouldn't even have Minneapolis, right, because the governor wouldn't do anything. I'm supposed [Audio gap] Seven days in, I sent them in. The place was burning down.

Donald Trump: They took over [Audio gap] The police weren't allowed to do their jobs. We got to allow the police to do their job. So, we're going to indemnify the police [Audio gap] liability, and you'll stop crying. Remember that CNN guy? He's up -- this is really a friendly protest. Remember that? Minneapolis, this is a friendly protest.

Donald Trump: And right behind him, the whole city was burning to the ground. Do you remember that? As far as the eye could see. It was all flames, and I [Audio gap] massive. It looked the biggest fire I've ever seen. And he said [Audio gap] That's right, CNN. This is a -- this has been a friendly protest, friendly. No, it's one of the greatest scenes in the history of [Audio gap] And behind it, I don't mean like there's a little smoke.

Donald Trump: The whole place was on -- in flames. It was crazy. Now, they're really bad. But victory cannot come soon enough. As we speak, the last remnants of our open and broken borders are [Audio gap] rubble as millions and millions of people storm into [Audio gap] in the largest illegal [Audio gap] in the history of the world.

Donald Trump: There has never been a migration [Audio gap] Millions and millions of people. It'll be 15 or 16 [Audio gap] by the end of [Audio gap] and I'm not even sure he understands. You know, he's not a smart guy. I [Audio gap] talk this way about him. I talk very badly about him now because he did -- he indicted me four times.

Donald Trump: That means everything's off, right? He has this guy, Jack Smith. He's a deranged human being. He's a nutjob. I have him, and he's being investigated [Audio gap] real stuff because he wasn't protected by the Presidential Records Act. But I have Jack Smith, deranged Jack Smith, I call him, and he's all over the place trying to frighten people, trying to scare people.

Donald Trump: And he has a very bad record. You know why? Because he always goes too far. He goes so far, and he's got a bad record. Lost before [Audio gap] a couple of times. But a record 300,000 illegal aliens were detected crossing the borders in December. Now, think of that, 300,000. That's bigger than almost any city you have in your state.

Donald Trump: I don't know. How many people does Des Moines have? What is it? Hundred thousand. Got to be bigger than that. He said 200. Whatever. Three hundred thousand just a couple of months, 300,000. We have no idea -- I say from parts unknown. It's from parts unknown. Ladies and gentlemen, we have 300,000 people from parts unknown.

Donald Trump: They have languages that we don't even have people [Audio gap] languages are. It's -- it's rough stuff what they're doing to our country [Audio gap] Under the Trump administration, we have the most secure border in U.S. history. [Audio gap] miles [Audio gap] You know, I tell people because they like to say we did 50 miles, OK, 50 miles, when, the first week.

Donald Trump: So, if we have a two by four laying on the ground and over there that's 50 years old and rotted, just sort of decayed and just, you know, maybe it was a little bit of a tiny wall or something which we throw away and start the new wall. We go down, we go up 30 feet and 40 feet. But if there's a little piece of steel that's 50 years old, that's rotted, laying on the ground, they say he didn't build a wall there, that was just a renovation.

Donald Trump: These people are sick. And you do, you have garbage laying up and down the border. Anytime you had anything, it was a piece of paper laying, they say it was a renovation [Audio gap] you -- we did an unbelievable job. [Audio gap] our numbers are so good are that. And of course, I [Audio gap] soldiers free of charge from Mexico.

Donald Trump: Not easy to get. When I went to the president, I said, you have to give us 28,000 soldiers while we're building the wall. And remember when I used to say Mexico will pay for pieces of the wall, but you can't do it legally. It's a little hard for them to pay for a wall that we own. You know, it's not that easy.

Donald Trump: But there was no real legal mechanism. But there was a mechanism where they could pay for soldiers. So, I want 28,000 soldiers. I want a Remain in Mexico policy. I got all this stuff, and I got it despite the State Department and everyone else telling me you can't get it. A woman at the State Department [Audio gap] not a good negotiator, she said, sir, you can't get free soldiers from Mexico.

Donald Trump: We've been asking them for years. They won't do it. I said, yes, they will, 100% they'll do it, 100%. And as far as catch and release, you know, catch and release meant we release them into our country. We had a new -- a new definition. Catch and release, we release them into Mexico. Slight difference, slight difference.

Donald Trump: And then we had Remain in Mexico. Remember Tijuana? Tijuana, over about a two-week period, became like the largest city in the world. I'm only kidding [Audio gap] because when I say something like that and I'm sarcastic, they say he called Tijuana the largest city. And Seoul is larger and Beijing is larger.

Donald Trump: You know, if you -- if you're a little sarcastic with these characters, they say he lied. We're giving him a Pinocchio. You know Pinocchio. Four stars because I said Tijuana. But Tijuana became a massive [Audio gap] hundreds of thousands of people there that we wouldn't allow into the country. Biden ended that.

Donald Trump: It wasn't easy to get. And I [Audio gap] I said, you know [Audio gap] by the way, Mexico now is asking for $5 billion if we want them to help us keep people out of our country. Can you -- they would never have done that with me. I said, look, if you don't do it -- because they had a representative come in. I said if you [Audio gap] and he was a [Audio gap] and I really do, I like the president of Mexico.

Donald Trump: He's great, great guy. He's a socialist. But what the hell can you do? You got to -- you can't have them all, right? But he's a great guy. He sent his top representative. Came in very handsome, suave guy, beautifully dressed. I remember how good, I was going to ask him for his tailor, but I didn't feel like going to Mexico to get a suit.

Donald Trump: It wasn't worthwhile to go to Mexico to get a suit, but very suave guy. And I said, we need 28,000 soldiers and you're going to have [Audio gap] no, no, he looks laughing. Oh, no, we won't do it. Oh yes, you will. No, you will. You're going to do it. No, no, we're not going to do it. Yes, you will. You will do it. Just you'll do it. And he didn't know what was going on. We want Remain in Mexico.

Donald Trump: Everybody that said the border is going to remain in Mexico. And then we create a mess there because Tijuana and these cities along the border were -- they had a lot of people. And we won't do that. We can't allow that. We're not equipped for [Audio gap] you're going to do it. And then we had other things, including our title [Audio gap] you know, if sick -- if people are sick, we don't want them in our country.

Donald Trump: We don't want them in our country. So, he said, no, no. Yes, you're going to [Audio gap] He said we will not do it. You're going to do it. I -- 100%, you're going to do it. I said here's the story. In front of me, I have [Audio gap] actually signed, on Monday morning -- this was Friday afternoon. On Monday morning, we're going to charge every piece of equipment, every car that you took out of the United States.

Donald Trump: You know that they took out 32% of our business. They make them in Mexico. They have some of the largest auto plants in the world. Stole them from our stupid people. Our stupid -- I hate to say it because again [Audio gap] president. But our presidents were very stupid when they allowed this to happen. Thirty-two percent of our automobile business was taken out of our country and is in Mexico.

Donald Trump: Massive numbers, millions of cars into our country. I said we're going to charge you 25% on every car that comes into our country and [Audio gap] on every item. And in two months, it goes to 50%. And in two months after that, it goes to 75%. And maybe I'll stop at 75%. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. And he said, may I be excused? [Audio gap] a phone call?

Donald Trump: And he comes back. I said, but make it quick if you would, I have to get out of here. And I tell you, I really impressed the woman at the State Department because she -- and she was a good woman. But she said, I can't believe this. All these things -- and I also -- I asked Tom Homan, I asked Brandon Judd. [Audio gap] guys, by the way.

Donald Trump: All they had to do was let them do their jobs. This guy would go to the beach. If he went to the beach, that little chair that he holds up because it's like three ounces, right? A child can -- they're meant for children to lift them for the grandfather, right? He can't lift him. Did you see how he couldn't get it out of the sand?

Donald Trump: The thing weighs like six ounces, I guess. And if he would have gone to the beach because somebody in his campaign said, you look really good in a bathing suit. You know, when you're 82 or whatever the hell he is -- I know a lot of people, by the way, in their 80s, they're the sharpest people. I know a friend of mine became a billionaire from -- he always, he never [Audio gap] and then he hit big from 80 to 90. He became worth billions of dollars.

Donald Trump: You can be -- this is not an age thing. This is -- this is -- something else is going on up there with this guy. But all he had to do is [Audio gap] gone to the beach. If he would have gone to the beach and left everything alone, he would have had the safest border in history, but he decided to end everything that we were doing.

Donald Trump: He wouldn't even put up the planks, the panels of walls. [Audio gap] 200 miles, he sold them, I understand, for $0.05 on the dollar. It's expensive stuff because [Audio gap] they wanted it. It's rebar, concrete, and steel in the outside. And it's really -- it's really a sad thing. I will tell you, it's really a sad thing.

Donald Trump: We had the greatest border -- we had the greatest border in history. And now, we have the worst border in the history of the world. No place in the world -- but Ron DeSanctimonious, Nikki Haley [Audio gap] never will -- they're never going to be into securing the border because they're globalists. [Audio gap] They like the globe, and they believe it. Maybe they're right.

Donald Trump: I don't think they're right. I think I've proven they're not right. And we want to protect America, and we'll help people, but we want to protect America. We've got $35 trillion in debt. You know, that debt, we were going to be drilling like crazy and we were already became No. 1. We went from No. 4 [Audio gap] in a period of -- short period of time.

Donald Trump: We were so drill, baby, drill. You're right about that. But we were -- we were doing so well. That was Saudi Arabia and then Russia, and we were down here. And you have to see the chart. I got to get the chart for the people at some point. It goes like we're down here. Then all of a sudden [Audio gap] it goes, and we passed Russia, we passed Saudi Arabia.

Donald Trump: We were doing more. And soon, we were going to be energy-dominant. We were energy-independent, but we were going to be selling to Europe [Audio gap] world. We were going to be selling. We would have been paying off our debt. It was unbelievable. Then this guy comes in and stopped everything. He gave up ANWR in Alaska.

Donald Trump: I got ANWR -- so proud of it. I got ANWR. Nobody could do it. Ronald Reagan [Audio gap] hard. He couldn't get it approved. And that was a lot easier environmentally, a lot easier in those days. But I got it approved. We were going to start drilling in ANWR very shortly. Great for Alaska, but great for the country.

Donald Trump: The largest site, probably bigger than Saudi Arabia. Think of that. And he ended it in his [Audio gap] He terminated everything I did. We worked our asses off to get that. He terminated everything that I did on ANWR. That would have [Audio gap] for this country. But we're going to pay off debt. We have [Audio gap] going.

Donald Trump: And then we had a rigged election, and all of that ended. Then we had inflation, which was caused by the [Audio gap] one year [Audio gap] and quadruples. And your heating in your house goes up. Everything else is going to go up, too. The bakery is going to go up. They deliver their donuts and they use their fuel to cook.

Donald Trump: Everything goes up. [Audio gap] is so big. And we had it at a level that nobody -- we [Audio gap] economy in the history of the world. We had the greatest economy, and they blew it. And we had no inflation. One of the biggest donors to Nikki Haley's campaign is this slob known as Reid Hoffman, a big slob.

Donald Trump: I can't use the word fat. They'll criticize me if I say fat. You're not allowed to use fat, so I will not call him a fat [Audio gap] slob, you're allowed to. But a real slob. You got to look at a picture of this guy. But he's a rich guy. He supports -- he supports crooked -- he supports all of these crooked people, but he also supports Haley.

Donald Trump: Can you believe it? You know why? Because they don't want to run against Trump. [Audio gap] on misinformation, it's almost the same, but it's actually not. But we won't go into definitions. [Audio gap] on misinformation. We want to run against Trump. That's what Hillary said, too. Let's run against Trump.

Donald Trump: That'll be wonderful. But we want to run against Trump. We beat him [Audio gap] They don't want to run against me. But we say -- they say that because that's sort of demeaning. [Audio gap] Biden. [Audio gap] Biden. They all say, oh, well, we want to -- you know, we're going to win. They're not going to win.

Donald Trump: First of all, they can't beat me. They're 50, 60 points down. They're not going to win. And they're going to get hit harder than me. So, with me they hit me, and they [Audio gap] take it because I take it. People do say -- you know, they say [Audio gap] they have for me. One is sir, how do you do it? How do you take it? The other one is, will they do it again? [Audio gap] do it again. [Audio gap] people.

Donald Trump: We're fighting like hell. I actually say don't worry about the votes. [Audio gap] Just worry about [Audio gap] Election Day, right? But today, you have election period. You have some of these things that go on for 55 days. We want [Audio gap] we want [Audio gap] and we want voter ID. And Republican governors should do it right now.

Donald Trump: There's no reason for them to wait. But much like with Ron DeSanctimonious, the people who fund [Audio gap] working for your interest, they're working [Audio gap] interest. They really are. And [Audio gap] both very well. I mean, they're both -- there [Audio gap] Nikki would say, I will never run against the [Audio gap] I will never [Audio gap] He was a great president.

Donald Trump: I will never run. I always used to say, that's nice, but I knew her. So, I figured, you know, when's it going to [Audio gap] She can't help herself. I knew it. And then one [Audio gap] that's I've decided to run for president. I'm not going to do the job for you. She's not going to [Audio gap] So [Audio gap] going to do is grant amnesty to Biden's [Audio gap] and they'll do it very early because they believe in that.

Donald Trump: And they also believed in hurting your [Inaudible]. They believed in hurting your Medicare. And I didn't. You know [Audio gap] much different number, much different, up to above 70 [Audio gap] three times. You don't want that. So much wealth under our feet in the liquid gold. We don't need to hurt people with [Audio gap] citizens.

Donald Trump: And they'll go back. When Ron -- and the same thing with Nikki. I wouldn't tell you who to vote for. I tell you, I wouldn't know. They're both not good. They're both -- [Audio gap] that Ron's going to leave [Audio gap] I read it. Big, big -- no, and he's going to endorse me. I don't know if that's true or not.

Donald Trump: I make it [Audio gap] that's OK. It doesn't [Audio gap] It just came out. Did anybody see it, that Ron's going to [Audio gap] into politics. You -- and [Audio gap] he's going to endorse me. And that's going to be it. Well, that'd be nice. But you know what? It's important [Audio gap] biggest [Audio gap] more about November.

Donald Trump: We have to [Audio gap] these crooked people out to corrupt Washington. By the way, we're going to also federal [Audio gap] We're going to take [Audio gap] so dirty, so horrible, and so unsafe. Three people killed over the last couple of days, shot, tourists. [Audio gap] the parks [Audio gap] the most beautiful parks in the world.

Donald Trump: The buildings have graffiti. The white marble [Audio gap] beautiful. The statuary marble, the most beautiful marble you've ever seen. Gorgeous [Audio gap] 10 feet thick [Audio gap] graffiti [Audio gap] It's [Audio gap] get rid of the slums. [Audio gap] We're going to bring it [Audio gap] the most beautiful capital in the world.

Donald Trump: And most importantly, we're going to make it safe. We're going to give [Audio gap] authority. We're going to make it safe so people can actually walk down the street without getting shot. And we're going to do [Audio gap] things for our cities because our cities are in [Audio gap] now. Our cities are [Audio gap] the cities we're talking about.

Donald Trump: But we're going to go [Audio gap] There's New York, Chicago, Los Angeles. And we're going to rebuild our cities and [Audio gap] We're going to give the police back their authority. We're [Audio gap] gets sued all the time, they get sued and the city isn't [Audio gap] but we're going to indemnify our police.

Donald Trump: So, if they stop criminals from robbing stores -- how about this new phenomena where 300, 400 people, mostly young, go into a department store, loot the hell out of it. There's nothing left in the store. And then they have to close. [Audio gap] million [Audio gap] millions of dollars stocking it. And these guys go in and walk out with televisions.

Donald Trump: Those people are going to be dealt with so tough. And as soon as we -- and you know what I mean by tough. And as soon as that happens, in one day, the whole thing [Audio gap] have to bring [Audio gap] have to help our police. I met a lot of great policemen backstage. And they know how to do it. But we're going to indemnify them because they do get sued.

Donald Trump: And you're going to always have some bad apples. You're always going [Audio gap] no matter what. But, you know, we can't let that because [Audio gap] The police, it's like they have no power. They can't even talk to people. Don't -- don't shout. If they're robbing -- how about this? If they're robbing a store, let them rob it. This is the orders to the police.

Donald Trump: Let them rob the store. No, no. If they're robbing the store, they're going to be [Audio gap] I don't know if we'll do the [Audio gap] thing, right? Make my day. He wants to do that. Remember Clint Eastwood? Make my day. He had the gun [Audio gap] my day. [Audio gap] toward the [Audio gap] that we'll do that, but could be close, I mean.

Donald Trump: But not one thing has gotten better under crooked Joe Biden. Under the Trump administration -- think of it, not one thing. What [Audio gap] has gotten [Audio gap] Well, inflation has gotten bigger. That's about the only thing you can say, right? What [Audio gap] We're up almost 30 [Audio gap] years, and, you know, you're not going to bring that down.

Donald Trump: They think it's [Audio gap] bad. You know, they've made interest rates so high that the economy's getting killed right now. So -- but you're not going to solve the problem where you're baking costs four times more than it cost three years ago. Numbers that are incredible, four or five times more for food and for other items.

Donald Trump: Under the Trump administration, you were better off, your family was better off, your neighbors were better off, your communities were better off, and your country was better off. Other than that, you should be quite unhappy. America was stronger, richer, safer, and more confident than ever. And when I was in the Oval Office behind that beautiful Resolute desk -- do you ever hear of the Resolute Desk?

Donald Trump: Most beautiful desk. I love that desk. We got to get back to that desk. This country was in great shape. We had the greatest economy. Think of it. Greatest economy ever. We had the lowest number of regulations in 55 years. No president got regulations. That's why we had such great job numbers. We were bringing people back.

Donald Trump: China was paying us hundreds of billions of dollars. We were giving a lot of it to the farmers in Iowa and Nebraska and other great places. And I joke, but that's why, you know, backstage, they say to me sometimes, sir, don't tell them that they're going to vote for you. That sounds so demeaning. I said I got them $28 billion for their farmers.

Donald Trump: Of course, they're going to vote. We're going to win Iowa so big. I got them $28 billion. Of course, I'm going to win. You know, maybe. Who knows? But I tell them, you think Joe Biden would get 28? Do you think he lies awake at night tossing and turning and how are we going to take care of President Xi? President Xi is very smart and he's all business.

Donald Trump: You meet him, we will now get down to business. I said, this is a little different. This isn't, gee, it's a nice day. How's the sky? This is serious stuff. These guys are serious. And there's nobody smarter. They're smart. They're cunning. They love their country. Different forms of love. Thank you. I agree with that, actually.

Donald Trump: But different forms of love. But they're tough and they're smart. You look at France, Emmanuel Macron. He was going to put taxes on. I said you're going to put those taxes on, I'm going to put a tax on your champagne and your wine coming in. We're going to put big, big taxes on. So, I will tell you this. We are going to bring this country back to a level that you haven't seen before.

Donald Trump: We're going to bring the country back like it hasn't -- and by the way, here's some of my staff. They can't get enough of me. So, they come out to watch. The great Susie Wiles, the legendary Susie Wiles. She ran Florida for me. You know, nobody wants to say it, but I got 1.4 million more votes than Ron DeSanctimonious.

Donald Trump: You know, nobody want -- he only got good votes because I endorsed him. But we got 1.4 million or 1.5 million more votes than Ron DeSanctimonious. But she ran it for me. Now, she's running the whole campaign. I shouldn't say this. I'll make her famous, then somebody's going to hire her away. But I don't think that's going to happen because she's into it. Do you know that gentleman right there?

Donald Trump: Very famous man. Walt. Walt. He's, in many ways, more famous than I am. And he's a good man, too. But it's no wonder the same corrupt forces that have been fighting us every step of the way, they fight us and fight us and fight us. They don't want us going back because we found out things that are just too bad.

Donald Trump: So, look, we are going to get elected. You're going to get out there in caucus. I'm going to be with you for caucus. I'm coming back in two days, three days. We're going to make -- this was a rather hectic day. We made lots of -- lots of stops and lots of speeches and big ones. The level -- I will tell you this, the level of enthusiasm, I've never seen anything like it. But we're going to come back.

Donald Trump: And remember, if you want to save America from crooked Joe, then get every patriot you know. Get 10. You know, we say 10 for 10, but get 10 and make sure they're registered Republicans. You have to register as Republicans. Get them out to vote. And it's Monday, January 15th, 7 p.m. I'm going to be there. We're all going to be there together, and we're going to be first -- your first in the nation because of me. But we're going to be America first again.

Donald Trump: It's America first. There's nobody that we put ahead of our country. There's nobody that we're going to put ahead of our country. The whole world is watching. So, learn how to caucus. I'm going to learn with you because I have no idea how to caucus. But we're all smart. We're going to learn very quickly. I leave you with this.

Donald Trump: Look, we have a special thing happening. We have numbers like nobody's ever seen before. Forget that. Get out and vote. We're going to set a tune, and we're going to set an authority like nobody's ever seen before. And we love you. I recognize so many of you. We've -- we've won twice. We've won twice. And, you know, we've won twice, and you take a look and from Fort Dodge to Cedar Rapids, from Des Moines to Davenport, from Waterloo to Sioux City to right here in Clinton.

Donald Trump: Oh, I'm so glad I didn't cancel you out. That would have been the end. That would have been the end. We stand on the shoulders of generations of Iowa patriots who tamed the wilderness, braved the elements, tilled the soil, worked the fields. It's all true, isn't it? Built the factories and poured out their blood, sweat, and tears to make this country into the greatest nation in the history of the world.

Donald Trump: But now, we are a nation in decline. We are. We are a nation in decline. Sad to say, we are a failing nation. We are a nation that has lost its confidence, its willpower, and strength. Think of the words lost its confidence. We do. We have no confidence as a nation. We're being laughed at all over the world.

Donald Trump: But we are not going to allow this horror to continue. Three years ago, we were a great nation, and we will soon be a great nation again. We're going to be a great nation again. And remember that it was hardworking patriots like you who built this country and it is hardworking patriots like you who are going to save our country.

Donald Trump: We will fight for America like no one has ever fought before. 2024 is our final battle. It's our final battle. Remember this, we, together, are going to do something that will be, I believe, the biggest event in the history of our country. That's how important it is. And they're going to put up stop signs all along the way.

Donald Trump: And many of them are illegal stop signs. They're bad -- they're bad people. They're very bad. They're sick people. With you at my side, we will demolish the deep state. We will expel the warmongers from our government. We will drive out the globalists. We will cast out the communists, Marxists, and fascists.

Donald Trump: We will throw off the sick political class that hates our country. They hate our country with a passion. It can be the only reason they do what they do. We will rout the fake news media, those people right there. And we will evict crooked Joe Biden from the White House on election night 2024. The great silent majority is rising like never before.

Donald Trump: Like never before. The level of spirit and pride and enthusiasm is greater than it was in '16, and it's greater than it was at '20. And I shouldn't say this, but any numbers that they're thinking about, I think we're going to even be bigger than that next week. It's going to be bigger than any numbers because that's what's there.

Donald Trump: It's -- it's the underbelly. It's bigger than anybody has any idea of what's going on because it's based on common sense. It's based on safety. It's based on pride. We want to see our country be great again. We want it to be not just great, we want to have the greatest country in the world without question.

Donald Trump: And we had that. We had something that has never been duplicated, what we did. Never been duplicated. Under our leadership, the forgotten man and woman will be forgotten no longer. You're not going to be forgotten. We didn't forget you for four years, but Biden totally forgot you. We will love our country.

Donald Trump: We will take care of our country. We will pray to God for our strength and for our liberty. We will pray for God, and we will be with God because we are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. And together, we will make America powerful again. We will make America wealthy again.

Donald Trump: We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make you proud. We will make America safe again. It's going to be safe. And we will make America great again. Thank you, Iowa. Thank you. God bless you all. Thank you. [Audience chants "USA"]