Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-political-rally-butler-pennsylvania-july-13-2024

Donald Trump: [Audience chants "USA"] This is a big crowd. This is a big, big, beautiful crowd. I wish the fake news back there would, uh, show it. I wish they'd spin their cameras and show it because nobody would believe it. You know, the other day, Biden was saying, "I get big crowds," meaning him, he gets big crowds.

Donald Trump: He doesn't know what a big... And there were like 93 people there. 93, you know what that is? That's where the front row Joes sit right here, 93. We got more than 93 front row Joes. Hello, Butler. Hello to Pennsylvania. I'm thrilled to be back in this beautiful Commonwealth with thousands of proud, hard-working Patriots, and that's what you are.

Donald Trump: And we got to bring our country back to health, because our country is going to hell, if you haven't noticed. Millions and millions of people are pouring in from prisons and from mental institutions. We're going to stop it. We're going to get it stopped. We're going to bring them back, as he said. We're going to bring them back.

Donald Trump: We're going to deport -- deport. With the help of everyone here tonight, we're going to win Pennsylvania this November. We're going to defeat Crooked Joe Biden and laughing Kamala Harris. And we're going to take back the White House and we're going to take back our country. We're going to take it back. Our country's been -- our country's been stolen from us. You see that.

Donald Trump: It's the greatest -- one of the greatest crimes is what they've done over four years and hiding what the obvious facts are, isn't it, ah? Isn't it a shame? You run for -- you run for the President of the United States from a basement, from a basement. All very dishonest stuff, but you know, we're going to have the greatest election.

Donald Trump: I tell you what, we did fantastically in 2016. We did much better in 2020. You know we did much better, and it was rigged. It was a rigged deal. But we did much better. But it's nothing compared to the enthusiasm all over. Not just in Pennsylvania, all over. It is nothing compared to the enthusiasm that we've seen over the last year.

Donald Trump: Because, I mean, a year, think of it, a year and a half ago it started. It really started from immediately after the election, you want to know the truth. But a year and a half ago, we were seeing crowds of people desperate to have rallies, desperate to have anything to take back our country. And we're going to take it back.

Donald Trump: Next week, the Republican Party will hold its convention in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and five days from now we will officially accept the Republican Nomination for President of the United States. Right? And we're going to get a good Senator. I'll tell you, you have a real stiff right now in office. He's a stiff.

Donald Trump: You know, your current Senator, I never met him. I don't think I've ever met him. I was only there four years, but I don't think I ever met him. I'll tell you, that's your Senator. He votes with Biden or whoever happens to be furthest left. We got to get him elected, McCormick. We got to get McCormick press -- McCormick.

Donald Trump: He's a good man too. He's a -- he's a valiant fighter. He's a great, great gentleman so we're going to bring up for a t -- can we bring him up for a couple of minutes later? A little bit later? All right. You get ready, McCormick. You get ready. I'll get you up here. The world will see a vibrant Republican Party that is bigger, stronger, more confident, and more united than every before.

Donald Trump: And that's what we are. We're the most united party. Now, I, you know, it's -- I'm watching the fake news go crazy because they're saying, "The Republican Party has not been united since Ronald Reagan like it is right now." It was united under Ronald Reagan the second time. It was very united and they said there's never been anything like it. They've never seen a movement like this, Make America Great Again.

Donald Trump: You know, Joe Biden talks about, "We have to stop MAGA." MAGA means Make America Great Again, Joe. It means Make America Great Again. That's all we want to do. If he was doing the job, I wouldn't even be doing this. I'd be at some beautiful place with the gorgeous ocean, the Mediterranean, the Atlantic. Maybe the Pacific. [Audience chants "Thank you, Trump"]

Donald Trump: Thank you. [Audience chants "Thank you, Trump"] Thank you. Instead, I'm here with you fighting like hell to get a Senator elected and to make sure we take back the White House, because if we do, we're going to make America better than ever before. We're going to make it... And it's not easy because we have millions and millions of people in our country that shouldn't be here, dangerous people.

Donald Trump: Criminals, we have criminals. We have drug dealers. We have people who should not be here and it's much tougher than if it happened the... You know, we had the strongest border ever. In recorded history, we had the best border. In fact, if they could ever put up a chart. I don't know if they can do it. Do you guys have access to that chart that I love so much?

Donald Trump: You don't mind if I go off teleprompter, do you? Because these teleprompters are so damn boring, I try and explain that. Oh, it is. Wow. You guys are doing it. They're getting better with time, my guys. Take a look at that chart. Take a look at the arrow on the bottom. See the big red -- red arrow, right?

Donald Trump: So that's when I left office. That was the lowest point, and that comes right from the government services, comes right out of Border Patrol. Take a look at that. So that arrow is the lowest amount of illegal immigration ever in recorded history into our country. And then -- and then the worst President in the history of our country took over, and look what happened to our country.

Donald Trump: Probably 20 million people. And, you know, that's a little bit old, that chart. That chart's a couple of months old, and if you, uh, want to really see something that's sad, take a look at what happened o --

Note: [At this point, shots are heard. Donald Trump reaches up sharply to his right ear.]

Unidentified: Get down! Get down! Get down! Get down!

Unidentified: Hold! Hold! When you're ready! On you!

Unidentified: Ready.

Unidentified: Move!

Unidentified: Up!

Unidentified: Move! Go! [Inaudible]. We ready? [Inaudible].

Unidentified: He's down.

Unidentified: Are we good?

Unidentified: Shooter's down.

Unidentified: Shooter's down?

Unidentified: Shooter's down.

Unidentified: Are we good to move?

Unidentified: Shooter's down, we're good to move.

Unidentified: Are we clear?

Unidentified: We're clear. We're clear.

Unidentified: Let's move. Let's move.

Unidentified: We're clear. [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Let me get my shoes. Let me get my shoes.

Unidentified: I got you, sir. I got you, there.

Donald Trump: Let me get my shoes on.

Unidentified: Hold that on your head. You're bloody.

Unidentified: Sir, we've got to move [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Let me get my shoes.

Unidentified: Okay [Inaudible]

Unidentified: Watch out.

Donald Trump: Wait. Wait. Wait.

Note: [At this point, Donald Trump pumps his fist in the air and mouths "Fight" three times. The audience cheers and chants "USA"]