Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-governors-white-house-february-21-2025

Donald Trump: This is a nice, friendly group, lovely. Well, we're in a very good mood. We just had the highest poll numbers I've ever had, ever. And actually, a record for a republican. Now, I don't know about have they checked the democrats too, but we have a record so far for republican. Now, it's four weeks. We have a lot of weeks to go. We want to finish that way, right?

Donald Trump: But I just want to thank everybody because you've been really amazing. The job you've done has been incredible in terms of this four-week period. It's been a very somewhat historic four weeks and we have a couple of things in the works. We're negotiating with Russia, Ukraine, trying to get that horrible situation over with.

Donald Trump: It's terrible. It's just so terrible. I see pictures that you fortunately don't get to see. You don't want to see them. And that is a killing field. You have young soldiers being killed, thousands a week, and we got to get it over with. It's bad for Russia and it's bad for Ukraine and it's bad for us on a humanitarian basis.

Donald Trump: I've had very good talks with Putin and I've had not such good talks with Ukraine. They don't have any cards, but they play it tough. But we're not going to let this continue. This war is terrible. It would have never happened if I were president, but it did happen, so I got stuck with it and the whole world is stuck with it. And right now, you have a country that has its cities, they look like demolition sites.

Donald Trump: Those beautiful towers, those thousand year old golden domes that were so beautiful, the most beautiful in the world they say, they're all in smithereens. Millions of people are killed, I think far more people than anyone understands. And we have people that better get to the table, get it ended. Should have never happened.

Donald Trump: It would have never happened. But I'm delighted to welcome America's governors to the White House. You're amazing people. Even the democrats are amazing people, some of you, and we've worked together. Actually, we work very well together. I can't think of anybody -- there's one or two that it doesn't work out so well, but that's sort of normal.

Donald Trump: But I do want to welcome you and I want to let you know that anything I can do, I'm here. I'm here for you and we can do a lot. I do want to say that I left a great place, North Carolina, and we're really working hard there since I've been in. For four weeks, we've done more than they did in all of the period of time.

Donald Trump: And FEMA was a disaster. FEMA wasn't there. They didn't do the job. And it was a terrible, terrible situation. I've never seen anything like it. And then they actually, when they did get there, a very small group, they chose anybody with an American flag or the name Trump on the front of the house, they would sort of skip that house very nicely and it was just a disaster.

Donald Trump: And we've done it the other way and we're working with a very nice person that we've had good relationships, the newly elected democrat governor who is here, I assume. Is he? OK. Thank you very much. We're working well together, very well together. And we're not using FEMA so much, but it doesn't matter as long as we get the job done, but the people are becoming very happy.

Donald Trump: So I want to thank you very much. It's a great job, but we are, and I'm of the opinion, I understand FEMA very well. We had a good situation with FEMA, but it was a very expensive thing to do. And I really believe when there's a natural disaster, a hurricane, a tornado or whatever it may be, you're very capable people.

Donald Trump: It's called, you fix it. You take care of it yourselves. You don't have to call some faraway state and have people planed in from areas that they have no idea. They come in from Alaska to help you in Florida. They say, boy, this is hot here. By the time they figure it out, everything would have been fixed.

Donald Trump: It's not a good situation. It's very expensive. You spend at least twice as much. They don't negotiate. They go out and hire local contractors and they have no idea who they are. And I'd rather have my governor from South Carolina, Henry, I'd rather have Ron, I'd rather have from Florida, I'd rather have -- I could name just about everybody in this room.

Donald Trump: I'd rather have you do it. You'll save a lot of money and we'll send the bills -- we'll pay, I think far less. You have a little bit of skin in the game. Otherwise, those bills will be much higher than they're supposed to be, especially with a couple of you in this room who I know very well get bills that you wouldn't believe, record setters.

Donald Trump: So I think 75, 25 with the government, the federal government paying 75, and we'll go right through to the, I think go right through probably either go through Commerce, maybe go through Marco, because Marco's very good with money. I don't think I'm going to give them to the environmental gentleman, Lee Zeldin here, because Lee's going to say, what's this all about, huh?

Donald Trump: They gave me this too. You have found some big stuff, by the way, some big fraud. As he said, this one's not even explainable. We're talking about billions of dollars. So great job, Lee. Really, it's sad, but it's a great job you've done in a very short period of time. But I think Marco or Scott or Howard, wherever Howard may be. We want to congratulate him.

Donald Trump: He did a great -- it was a great session. He got no democrat votes. I thought, he's been a democrat all his life and he got no democrat votes. They all called him to apologize. Honestly, that shouldn't be. But he got approved yesterday. But today, I'm delighted to welcome America's governors to the White House and I've known many of you for a long, long time.

Donald Trump: And this week, we're forging even stronger bonds of cooperation to better serve the American people. I also want to thank the members of my cabinet who have joined us for this meeting and they really have, they have gone right off the bat. And I also want to thank Senator Thune because I'm hearing we set a record on approvals.

Donald Trump: And I was screaming, I thought it was going so slowly. I think we have a record. So, I apologize to anybody I screamed at, but no, it was announced this morning. I think we had a record for the number of positions. So that's great, and they're great people. So I'll begin by introducing Secretary of State Marco Rubio.

Donald Trump: He scares me because he got 99 votes. So that's either unbelievably good because he's an incredible diplomat and therefore he's secretary of state and you couldn't have picked it, or I'm a little nervous about you, Marco. And the only vote he didn't get was our vice president who couldn't vote because he had just left.

Donald Trump: So, you got 100 percent. But it really says something. I think it says working together. It's an amazing tribute, I think. I'll let you know about it in about two years, everybody. Marco has been great and he's been in some big meetings with people at the highest level of states that we would say, states meaning other countries, that we would have said wouldn't have dealt so well but they're dealing very well.

Donald Trump: You have a great group of people with Steve Witkoff and Michael Waltz, and we're making amazing progress. I mean, we've made more progress on that situation, which is Ukraine, than they have in three years. Again, it's so sad that it began, but we're also working very hard in the Middle East, another one that wouldn't have happened.

Donald Trump: We would never have had -- you wouldn't have had October 7th. They had no money. Iran was broke. We had sanctions up on Iran that nobody's ever seen before. They were literally broke and they were not giving any money to Hezbollah, to Hamas. And how about Hamas yesterday with the babies, how about that? We're going to take that, we're going to continue to take that, I don't think so, but I want to just thank you Marco for doing a great job.

Donald Trump: And Scott, you also. Scott went all the way to Ukraine. I said, don't do it. That's why they have telephones. But look, it's always better to meet in person, but I just didn't feel that it was good and it was dangerous. You saw things on that train ride that you didn't like, I understand. It's a pretty dangerous ride, a long ride.

Donald Trump: How long was that?

Unidentified: 10 hours.

Donald Trump: 10-hour ride. That's after you get there. And a very dangerous journey, but he wanted to do it. He's a patriot, he wanted to do it. It's better to do it than it is with a telephone, always better. I always say it's much better to meet in person, but that was dangerous. I didn't like -- I like him, therefore I didn't want him to do it. If I didn't like him, I would have suggested he do it. In fact, I'd say go back today and let's give it another shot.

Donald Trump: But I hear that they're going to agree pretty much with what -- but that's not the big thing. The big thing is getting it done and we'll get it done. Also, somebody who's been so popular right from the beginning, very, very little opposition. But she's fantastic, she was the attorney general of Florida for eight years, highly respected and just an amazing person, an amazing leader and woman, Pam Bondi.

Donald Trump: Good, Pam. How's it going? Good? You got enough work? You've got a lot of work over there, I'll tell you, man. She's going to be unbelievable. I don't even think about it. Interior Secretary Doug Burgum, and Doug -- I don't know if Doug is here. He was last night. Oh, good. You just disappear right into the woodwork, huh [Laughter]? Doug is a man who made a lot of money actually, but in technology, sold to Microsoft for a lot and decided he wanted to do a Trump thing, and he did and he won easily.

Donald Trump: And he became a great governor of North Dakota and -- really good. And he was all of a sudden thrown into the oil business, right? And he took that to a level that nobody ever thought possible. The job you've done there has been amazing. And I watched, he ran, and I said I like that guy. He was one of the few that didn't hit me. He was after my position, but he never said anything bad about me. I said OK, that's one checklist that we have good, it's one of the ones.

Donald Trump: But he's been -- he was an amazing governor, and he really became an expert on energy. And when I -- when I was with him, I realized I wanted him someplace, I didn't know exactly where, but I thought it would be the Department of Energy I kept talking, because the state has done so well. And I said, look, I want you to just hold it and I want to put you there.

Donald Trump: He said, sir, I have somebody much better than me on energy. Who? Chris Wright. I said, who the hell is Chris Wright? He said -- is Chris here? I don't even know. Is Chris here? Hello, Chris. Boy, am I giving him some build ups? I did the same thing last night, but he's the top guy in the whole -- they say on the planet for energy and all forms of energy, even clean, beautiful coal that we're going to be using like Germany does now.

Donald Trump: They're opening up a plant a week and they're opening up in China more than -- somebody told me two plants a week. But we're supposed to use the wind, which doesn't work, doesn't work from a practical standpoint. But I just want to welcome you because you had the greatest man -- when he said you're probably the only man, because I know Doug, he's got a big ego [Laughter] and you're the only man -- I've actually heard him say something.

Donald Trump: He said he's so much better than me on energy. He's better than anybody. And so, we made a move, and you gave up a tremendous position to do this. And we want to thank you. But we have to get going because when we bring the energy costs down, we're going to -- we have more energy than anybody in the world, we just didn't use it. Can you imagine?

Donald Trump: Biden set us up in Venezuela instead of taking ours, so that we go to Venezuela where they'd have very heavy, heavy stuff, and we have the best stuff in the world. We have more liquid gold and it's really great liquid gold, too. We have more under our feet than anybody else. But we went to Venezuela to buy oil instead of taking it from our own land.

Donald Trump: And you know, drilling a little hole in the ground about -- how big is that hole, about a foot?

Unidentified: All of 9 inches.

Donald Trump: About a foot, yeah. And if we drill a little tiny hole and we could have taken it instead of all of the problems. And then we've made Venezuela strong again. You know, they've given them a lot of money. They never thought they were going to have so much money. And all the people are leaving, so you're going to have one guy sitting there with a lot of oil under his feet.

Donald Trump: That's not a good situation, but we're having talks about that whole mess. What a mess it was. That was another one that was done. He was ready to quit. He was going to be out. Marco, you know that better than anybody. Marco has been very staunch against what took place there and we were going to have that in any form we wanted it, but Biden made them strong.

Donald Trump: It was the worst administration in history, and I say that with a lot of Democrats. But I think you believe it too, you just -- you can't say it, but you believe it. But I just want to thank you. And if you get those prices down, you know that's what caused inflation, the energy -- I mean the spending, but I think even more so the energy.

Donald Trump: The energy went up, they stopped the oil leases, they stopped a lot of things that we were doing. And then they went back to what we were doing as much as they could because the prices were going through the roof. Remember that initial surge, it was brutal. And they went back, they let any rig -- they let any rig that we had up just drill.

Donald Trump: And they ended up doing similar numbers, but we wouldn't have been at those numbers. We would have been double or triple those numbers, those were from years ago. But energy caused our problem. But I just want to thank you for recommending him. And what we've done is he's the head of the Department of Energy; he's Department of the Interior.

Donald Trump: And it's really screwy because the Department of the Interior has all the energy, other than some nuclear energy that you're in charge of. But has all the energy, all the land, all the great places, the best -- . We have more than any other country in the world and he's in charge of it. The problem is he can't drill.

Donald Trump: And he drills, but he has no land. So, what do we do? We said let's -- I have an idea, let's merge them. So, we merged them intellectually, I don't know if we did it legally, but we did it intellectually. So, now he gives up the land and he gives up the drillers and you're going crazy, right? You're going wild and you'll do it beautifully, environmentally well, we'll make sure.

Donald Trump: But we have a lot of things, but we had it merged. That was -- I always wondered why doesn't the Energy Department do more? They didn't do more because they don't have any energy. It's the craziest thing I've ever seen. We'll probably have to make maybe even a change in that, somehow merge them or do something because it's pretty tremendous what you're going to be able to do. Agricultural Secretary, Brooke Rollins, who's so fantastic.

Donald Trump: And she's been at the head of so many different things and loyal from the beginning. She even opened up -- when we had a rather shocking defeat, she opened up a -- we call it an institute. I've never seen anybody raise money like her. She raised hundreds of millions of dollars on this fabulous thing. But I said, look, we want to win another race because I think it's really important to win twice.

Donald Trump: And I won three times if you think about it. So, it's -- but it's very -- only the Republicans smile when I say it, it happens to be true. But Brooke has been amazing, and it was really tough because this last election, I go to a person and say, sir, I just gave you $10 million. Oh, where did he give it to? I gave it to Brooke.

Donald Trump: You gave it to Brooke. She's spending it on policy. We don't have to worry about policy. We have to worry about getting elected, right? But Brooke is fantastic, and she's done such a good job and she's Make America Great Again, top of the line, right? And she's going to -- and what I didn't know and, as soon as I found out, I said that's it, she studied, that's what she studied, agriculture.

Donald Trump: She knows everything about it and she's going to be a fantastic secretary. And you'll do something with the eggs because I'm hearing so much about eggs, you'll figure it out. You've got to figure something out fast. And we inherited all of the problems. You know, at some point, a few months down the road, we won't be able to say it's so much us. But the big things really, we can blame other people for -- to allow criminals into our country at levels that nobody's ever seen before.

Donald Trump: To allow people from jails to have -- countries from all over the world be allowed to empty jails into an open border. They have been -- they emptied jails and prisons, mental institutions, insane asylum, gang members, drug lords, drug people, people on drugs, people that are very sick. They allowed them to come into our country, totally unchecked, unvetted.

Donald Trump: And right now, we have a great gentleman, Tom Homan, who's doing an unbelievable job -- and Kristi Noem. They're doing a great job, but it's such a -- it's something we should have never had to be done. And you see the levels of crime that these -- these are serious, they make our criminals look nice, I'll tell you.

Donald Trump: That's the only thing we get out of it. Our criminals are very nice people by comparison. These are seriously tough people, the various gangs, whether it's MS-13 or the Venezuelan gangs, they're as tough as -- nobody's ever seen toughness like this. Secretary of Health and Human Services, nobody knows this particular gentleman.

Donald Trump: He sailed right through. I thought he'd get a lot of -- I said, well, he's going to get a lot of Democrat votes, Ron. I said he's going to be an easy one, right? I told Ron DeSantis, I said this one's going to be so easy. You're going to get all those Democrat votes. I don't know. Thank goodness for the Republicans, right, Robert F, Kennedy, Jr. And where is Bobby?

Donald Trump: Where is Bobby? So, congratulations. Was that as easy as you thought? Just quit? Well in the end, they all voted for him. They all -- he did pretty well. You got through. But we have one stat that I quote, the autism stat, and you hear different numbers, but it's thousands. They say between 10,000 and 20,000. So, if you go back 15 years ago, we had like nobody, it was 1 in 20,000. Now we have 1 in 34. Is that right?

Donald Trump: 34? So, 34 or 36 kids have autism. And if you go back, I guess, 18 years, whenever that was done, it was one in 20,000, so we've gone from 20,000 to 34, 36. That's unbelievable. So, there's something wrong. There's something wrong. We've -- we've done something wrong. There's something. You're going to figure it out.

Donald Trump: Maybe it's a spray that we spray all over the place that nobody else does. Other countries don't. Uh, the Pennsylvania Dutch, they don't do anything and they're amazingly healthy. And he understands. He's working with Dr. Oz, who's a really smart guy. I know him very well. And those two guys are going to figure it out.

Donald Trump: They're also going to figure out why in the United States we pay $1,300 for a drug, one that we were talking about. And in London, they pay -- literally, they pay $200, even less, $88 I heard in one case yesterday. They pay $88, we pay $1300 for the exact same drug from the exact same factory from the same plant where it's made.

Donald Trump: And we've got to figure that out. So, I hope you focus really a lot on the cost too. Because Americans are being screwed. And it's no good. They're not going to put up with it. The secretary of Housing and Urban Development, another one I know very well. He's going to be fantastic. Scott Turner. So Scott, congratulations.

Donald Trump: Man, oh, man, you are something. He got up and we had a great meeting yesterday, right? He got up and spoke. He's a good speaker that one. And everybody loves you, everybody knows you. And a great guy. You're going to do fantastically. Well, he got a good recommendation from Ben Carson. [Laughter] Once Ben Carson recommended you, I said, all right, that's OK. We love Ben Carson.

Donald Trump: There's nobody liked Ben. The secretary of Energy, I introduced Chris Wright and secretary of Veterans Affairs, Doug Collins. I know Doug so well. Oh, where's Doug? Where's Doug? They great voice during the Mueller hearings, that beautiful voice. Do you know -- remember the catastrophe that -- every Democrat remembers is when Mueller went to testify?

Donald Trump: This was not a good situation. That's where it all ended, Pam, when he didn't know anything about anything. And Doug had said, you don't know what we're talking about, do you? No. [Laughter] This was not a good day for them, but it was a good day for justice. I can tell you that, for fair justice. EPA administrator, Lee Zeldin.

Donald Trump: He ran for governor of New York. In theory, you have no chance, but actually, he almost won. He did a -- it was a fantastic run, an amazing run. And he's very smart. He was a congressman. He was fantastic on the hoax, the -- the various hoaxes I had. I had a lot of hoaxes. So many, I don't want to name them all.

Donald Trump: We don't have enough time, but. He was always very strong, great lawyer. A tremendous lawyer. And also a big believer in the environment and keeping it good and clean and healthy. And I just want to thank you for the job. And the only thing I ask is that you go speedily. Because you know, a lot of people use the whole process, the environmental impact process to delay projects.

Donald Trump: We just want them to go quickly. And you can get the same answer in a matter of months as opposed to a matter of years, I feel so strongly. Because people are coming in with tremendous amounts of money. I have been spoken to by every -- yesterday, I had Tim Cook in the office from Apple. He's investing hundreds of billions of dollars.

Donald Trump: I don't know if -- I hope he's announced it. I hope I didn't announce this, but what the hell. [Laughter] All I do is tell the truth. That's what he told me. Now, he has to do it, right? So it's good. But he's investing hundreds of billions of dollars and others too. We're going to have a lot of chip makers coming in, a lot of automakers coming in. They stopped two plants in Mexico that were under construction or started construction.

Donald Trump: They just stopped them. They're going to build here instead because they don't want to pay the tariffs. The tariffs are amazing. It's good. I said it's -- I got myself in a lot of trouble. I said it's my favorite word in the dictionary, the word tariff. It's such a beautiful word. And the -- the fake news killed me. They said what about love?

Donald Trump: What about God? What about family? And they said I'm in trouble. [Laughter] I said so now it's my fourth favorite word, I say, love, God, family. [Laughter] There's a couple of others I could add in there too, but it's my fourth favorite word, so. [Laughter] And OMB Director Russell Vought. Thank you, Russell.

Donald Trump: You're going to be incredible. I know. He took a little -- took some hits, but I know how good he is, how honest he is. And he's fantastic with the numbers. And you're seeing these numbers coming out with the theft, right? And it's tremendous fraud, waste and abuse. And all three of them, but I think the fraud is -- is really the biggest.

Donald Trump: I think you're going to see it. You come out as soon as you can, I think with your numbers, but because they're not explainable. They're not explainable. Um, so I just -- uh, Russell will do a great job. That's all. SBA administrator, small business. Now, small business is really big business. It's actually one of the biggest banks in the world.

Donald Trump: It sounds a little bit like, oh, small little business. It is massive. It is one big sucker, right? And Kelly Loeffler is here. So, she's going to be incredible. And she's got an incredible husband, Jeff, who is one of the most important people in the world of finance. And uh, he knows. He owns a thing called the New York Stock Exchange, so that's not so bad, right?

Donald Trump: And you have natural experience, but I think you're going to do great. And there's a lot of fraud in there from the past. You know, with all the money that was handed out. It was, you know, billions and billions of dollars. Director of National Intelligence, Tulsi Gabbard. Where's Tulsi? Is she here? Hi, Tulsi.

Donald Trump: I haven't really seen you. Good luck, do well. [Laughter] Have fun. We built a building. That building cost like $12 billion to build. It's loaded up with intelligence. Lots of luck for you in figuring it out, right? Good. It was -- uh, she was treated pretty rough for a person that's an incredible patriot.

Donald Trump: We've all known that, so. It's nice that you're sitting with Bobby because you -- two, you went through a lot. But you know what? You're going to be stars. And over the past month, our new administration has taken unrelenting action to fix every single disaster that we inherited. And we inherited a lot of them.

Donald Trump: The border being I think -- actually, I think it's the most difficult one of all. The rest, we can get fixed, including foreign countries that are doing things that they shouldn't be doing. And one of the reasons that we won the election by so much because we wanted in every way. We won the popular vote, we won the, um, the seven swing states, all seven by a lot.

Donald Trump: And we won by millions of votes, the popular. It's always hard. I guess it hasn't happened in a couple of decades for a Republican to win the popular vote. I think that's changing so rapidly. But we had another thing that was pretty amazing. We had -- of the 3000 counties. We won 2,500 of them. And the Democrats won 500. That's a lot.

Donald Trump: It -- they've never seen anything like it. It would -- actually, you would have thought that -- that the numbers would even be much higher. When you win when you win 2500 counties to 500 counties, that's -- when you look at the map. You've all seen the map, the one that got certified and came out just recently.

Donald Trump: It's like almost totally red. And it's my honor. We're going to just work it out. But we've really become the party of commonsense. And I think it's important. I think it's important for the Democrats commonsense too. We're going to deal with you and we're going to deal on a commonsense basis. And I know a lot of -- a lot of you agree with a lot of the things.

Donald Trump: I don't know, sometimes you're not allowed to say it unfortunately, but I think we'll be all better off if everybody says it. That includes Republicans saying the right things. So on day one, I declared a national emergency on our southern border to stop the invasion of our country. Because we were being invaded by millions and millions of people.

Donald Trump: I figure 21 million people and of that 2 or 3 million were criminals. And many of them were people that countries didn't want. They would put them in the -- in these massive large caravans. I came up with that name a long time ago. That's what it is. It's a caravan. And these are people -- in many cases, they might not be criminals, but they're people that the country didn't want.

Donald Trump: They didn't work. They didn't -- they needed help all the time or they needed assistance or whatever. It's -- our country has got a lot of people in it right now. And we're going to make sure that everybody is treated fairly, but we've got to change it. It's -- it's the most difficult problem, I think. Additionally, the heroes of ICE have been really hunting down the really bad ones.

Donald Trump: And we are going -- they're incredible people at ICE. They were being shunned by Biden. They were being mocked. And let me tell you, these are tough, tough men and women. But they're tough. They'll see like a MS-13 band of thugs out on Long Island and they'll bring up -- they'll bring up the paddy wagons.

Donald Trump: They get in and they'll say no one of them -- two of them killed two young girls in Long Island.

Donald Trump: For some reason, they like Long Island. MS-13 loves Long Island. I don't know what that's all about. But two young girls walking to school, 16 years old in the morning, they were accosted by a group of MS-13 thugs. And they don't use guns as much. They use knives. They like using knives and they cut them up, cut them into pieces and left them and killed them, cut them up into pieces, little pieces.

Donald Trump: And they used knives because it's more painful. And ICE went in. They have no fear of these guys. They went in and they just knocked the hell out of them. And they'll go into a pack. They call it a pack, not like a political pack. Political packs are slightly nicer. But a pack of these MS-13 people or trendy Aragua people from Venezuela, and they'll just walk in. And all you'll see is fists going for five minutes and then you'll see these guys walk out and they got him between their legs.

Donald Trump: And they're bringing them, getting them the hell out of the country. These are rough people that we have to deal with. But ICE is incredible. Border patrol is incredible. Law enforcement, the people in law enforcement, we make their job so difficult by allowing people like this into our country. We just shouldn't do it. So I've just designated the group from Venezuela, Tren de Aragua, as a foreign terrorist organization.

Donald Trump: I mean, in Colorado, they went -- and other places, they literally take over. They're like me, they're in the real estate business. They take over a real estate and they literally take it over. They just claim it and they tell tenants to get the hell out. And if you don't get out -- they had one case where a guy called the cops and they went in, you called the cops, yes, and they cut off his fingers.

Donald Trump: He says, you don't call them anymore, or you'll cut off the other fingers on your other hand. These are not nice people. But federal, state and local cooperation has to be the backbone of border security. So I hope as governors, I know all the Republicans are very much in tune with Tom Homan and Krisi and everybody, but I hope everybody, because ultimately you want to get the criminals out of your state and we're focusing on the really bad ones.

Donald Trump: We have 11,088 people that we know of that are murderers, that are actually murderers. And I can't imagine anybody wanting them in their state, whether you're a Republican or whether you're a Democrat or whatever you may be. I mean, many of them murdered more than one person, some murdered more than five people and they're in our country.

Donald Trump: They let them out of jail. These were convicted people and they let them out of jail because it's very expensive to have somebody in jail for a lifetime or whatever it might be, and they brought him in here. The American people expect every city and state to fully honor ICE detainer requests and we hope they can and to ensure the safe transfer of criminal aliens into federal custody for immediate removal from our country.

Donald Trump: Many of the countries said we're not ever going to let them back. Under the Biden administration, I remember it's Venezuela, he's a tough guy and others, they said we're not letting them back, they're out of here and you'll never bring them back. They're not coming into this country. And Biden said, well, we can't bring them back.

Donald Trump: They won't take them. Well, we took them and every single country now. You saw it with Colombia. You saw it with Venezuela. In fact, they actually offered to send planes to pick them up and they'll pick them up so that we don't have to go through the expense of sending a plane. Is that correct, Mark? Even Marco couldn't believe that one, but they literally are sending planes to pick up these people.

Donald Trump: And they're rough people and they're picking them up and they're putting them in the planes. There's no excuse for any state attempting to aid and abet dangerous criminals, killers, drug dealers, really bad people who are violating federal law and violating the law by being in our country. To combat inflation, I declared a national energy emergency and we had to do that.

Donald Trump: One of the things we've done is by doing that, we can go very quickly. A lot of companies are coming in, but they need tremendous electricity, amounts of electricity. Who would have thought, Doug, right? But they need more electricity for AI than we have right now in the country. In other words, we have electricity now for the whole country.

Donald Trump: They need that just for that one industry. So they're coming in with -- and we're going to be leading. We're now leading on that. We've really opened it up and I hope it's good. But we opened it up and we're leading China by a lot. But China is giving them tremendous electricity because they do whatever they want to do. But we're working with Lee.

Donald Trump: And I've told these people, they're going to spend hundreds of billions, trillions of dollars actually. So, I need double the energy that we have right now and even more than that from what I'm understanding, which is hard to believe. In other words, take every car, every building, we need whatever it is, 100 percent of the energy, we need that amount just to be in the number one position and we need really more than that to really dominate, which I think we'll be dominating.

Donald Trump: But I told them and they can't believe it, I said we're going to get you quick approvals and you're going to build your own electric plants so that you're going to create your own electricity when you build your plant, which will be massive. These are massive plants, but when you build your plant, we're going to let them build an electric generating plant where they build like a utility.

Donald Trump: In other words, instead of using Con Edison like we have in New York, hello, governor, nice to see you back there. And we do have Con Edison and they don't do a bad job, actually, but they could be a little cheaper with the price perhaps, but they don't do bad. But we build our own utility, they can have their own utility.

Donald Trump: If they have any extra, they can put it onto the grid, but this way, they're not subject to a bad grid or a dangerous grid or a grid that gets taken out by bombs or war or anything else. So they actually couldn't believe it. They said, you think you can get that approved, yeah, I'll get that approved very quickly.

Donald Trump: They couldn't believe it and they're so happy and they're going to do some in Virginia, some big ones. But we're going to go and this way, it's really a self-serving. They just have this massive building with a large electric generating facility that will be powered by natural gas, mostly. Some will use coal, some will use nuclear, clean coal.

Donald Trump: I only say clean coal, but some will use nuclear. They have their right to do it. None will use wind because wind doesn't work. It's just terrible how an environmental person can like wind. It kills the birds. It's very expensive. It's seven, eight times more expensive than other forms of energy. Every wind turbine in the country that goes up needs massive subsidies.

Donald Trump: It's really the only energy that needs subsidy, essentially. The solar is doing Ok. So it's the only one. But to combat inflation, I declared that national energy emergency and we're going to unleash the liquid gold under our feet to bring the prices way down. That's going to happen. And again, we're going to have a big part of that is going to be natural gas, which is very, very clean and clean coal.

Donald Trump: We're going to do as many forms of energy as we can and it's going to be something I think everybody knows and you're going to call me or anybody else if you have difficulty or problems. But you're going to have levels of business being brought to this country that you've never seen before. The tariffs are bringing them more than anything else.

Donald Trump: The country is bringing them, but the tariffs are bringing -- they hadn't been here and we're creating tax, tremendous tax incentives. But the biggest incentive is they don't want to pay 100 percent tariff, or 200 percent or whatever it may be. And as you know, we're going to be announcing tariffs on cars from foreign countries of 25 percent.

Donald Trump: That will be done in probably April 2nd. I was going to do it April 1st, but I said, I don't like that date. It's going to cost a lot of money to wait one day. I don't know. What do I do there, Pam? Should I do it just April 1st? Of course, a lot of money that extra day, Marco. You figure what that cost.

Donald Trump: Let's do it April 2nd. I just don't want to take the abuse. We created the new Department of Government Efficiency, which you may have heard about, DOGE, which is now waging war on government waste, fraud and abuse. And we've begun the largest deregulation of industries and other things. It's proper deregulation that has ever done.

Donald Trump: I lead the way on -- my first four years, we did more deregulation than any other president in history and I brought a little list along that I thought I'd just read some of the places when you mention DOGE, some of the places that this money has gone and these are the ones that I feel I can read. There are some that are so nasty and dirty and horrible that I don't want to really read them because I assume they have television on, guarantee they do. I let the press in today because we have nothing to hide, right?

Donald Trump: It's much better. They said, do you want to let the press in? I said, why not? Do you think Biden would do that? I don't think so. $520 million was given for a consultant to do ESG. That's environmental, social and governance investments in Africa, $520 million. $25 million to promote biodiversity, conservation and social responsibility behavior in the country of Colombia, $25 million.

Donald Trump: $40 million, to improve the social and economic inclusion of sedentary migrants. They have no place in particular they were thinking of there is no location, the money was sent out, but they have no idea where it's going. $42 million, for social and behavior changes in Uganda, and $10 million, for Mozambique medical male circumcision, people that want to be or have to be circumcised in Mozambique. $14 million, for improving public procurement in Serbia. $486 million, to a consortium for elections and political process strengthening in which $22 million, was for inclusive participatory political process in Moldova, and $21 million, going to my friend Prime Minister Modi in India for voter turnout.

Donald Trump: We're giving $21 million, for voter turnout in India. What about us? I want voter turnout too, governor. $29 million, to strengthen the political landscape in Bangladesh went to a firm that nobody ever heard of, got $29 million, they got a check. Can you imagine? You have a little firm, you get $10,000 here, $10,000, there and then we get $29 million, from the United States government.

Donald Trump: There are two people working in that firm. Two people. I think they're very happy, they're very rich. They'll be on the cover of a very good business magazine pretty soon for being great scammers. $20 million, for fiscal federalism and $19 million, for biodiversity in Nepal, and $47 million, also for improving learning outcomes in Asia.

Donald Trump: Asia. Asia got a lot of money. $50 million plus another $50 million for condoms for Hamas. They gave $50 million; it worked out so well they gave another $50 million a little bit later. Condoms, $100 million for Hamas. And we're also uncovering outrageous incompetence and fraud in the Social Security and I read this last night.

Donald Trump: So, governor, you're going to be bored hearing this. But you know, you never get bored because it's not possible to even believe it. So, if you live 100 years, it's a long time, but let's assume that they had millions and millions of people living because they have like 10 million people in the Social Security living.

Donald Trump: But let's go over, over 100. So, now you're more than 100 years old. We have 4.7 million Social Security numbers, people from the age of 100 to 109. So, if you're 100 to 109, we have 4.7 million people on our Social Security rolls, right? That's a lot of people. I haven't -- I knew one guy who was 100, the great Lenny Litwin, he was a builder in Manhattan.

Donald Trump: He lived to 103, you knew him. He was one of the greatest builders. He was so happy. He was -- the reason he lived, he loved building. He'd build a building a year, right, never had a problem. You knew Lenny Litwin, I would think of it all right. He was a great guy and got along with everybody. He got along with Democrats, Republicans, everybody loved Lenny.

Donald Trump: When he died, it was a bad day for New York I'll tell you. He was a great guy. But he lived to 103, 104 because he just loved his business. He was designing a new building at 103 and that was the end of it. He didn't quite get the desired finish. But you had 3.6 million people aged 110, substantially older than good old Lenny.

Donald Trump: From 110 to 119, you have 3.6 -- these are the people on the rolls. Now we're looking to see whether or not they've been paid, because if they've been paid, then you're just using those numbers to take out the money, all the money that's paid to those people. 3.47 million people from the age of 120 to 129. 3.9 million people aged 130 to 139. 3.5 million people aged 140 years old to 149 years old.

Donald Trump: I think this is a case for Pam. I think I might give you this, Pam, just you can have it. In fact, I will. 1.3 million from age 150 -- there's 1.3 million people they're saying are alive and receiving Social Security. Now that's the only thing we're checking, are they receiving it. Because if they're receiving it, that makes it much worse.

Donald Trump: If they're not receiving it, that just makes it incompetent. They shouldn't be on the rolls. And the only thing good about this is that when we take all these people off the rolls, and we have tremendous fraud underneath people that are 80 and 60 and 50 and everything else, but this is really incredible. 1.3 million from 150 to 159. And over 130,000 people are on the rolls of Social Security over the age of 160 years old, including 1,039 people between the ages of 220 and 229. So, we have -- think of that.

Donald Trump: We have 1,039 people who are 220 years old to 229. We have one person at 240 years old and here's the beauty of them all. We have one person at 360, which is strange because the country is 250. So, been there 110 years, older than the country. Here, Pam, you'd better take a look at this. That's much better for you than for me. Now the question is, are they getting paid?

Donald Trump: Because somebody maybe is getting paid. Yeah, I have a feeling you were. I said what a convenient thing, this is so nice. We created this department, DOGE, and the kind of numbers are incredible. It could be $500 billion, but it could be $1 trillion. It could be even $1.5 trillion. We're going to find out.

Donald Trump: I mean, we're going to -- I'm actually going with Elon and Elon is doing a really good job. And I said who are these people that travel you? We call them the DOGERs. And I said what are they? He said they're generally young people with extremely high IQs, who are very good with computers, because you have to be good with computers.

Donald Trump: So, when one of these scammers talks and tries to tell them why it's perfect, they said no, no, it doesn't work that way. You know, it's very hard to talk them out of something when they have you. But we're actually going to Fort Knox because I want to see do we have the gold. Do we still have, whatever it is, tons of gold?

Donald Trump: I hope we do. Wouldn't that be disappointing if Fort Knox -- you grow up hearing about Fort Knox, you can't get in, you can't even see it, nobody sees it, you go there and the place is dry. Would that be terrible? There's another one, maybe you should go with us to that one. But we're going to go in there pretty soon.

Donald Trump: They're going to open the doors to Fort Knox. If any governor would like to go with us, well, go. Do you want to go with us on that one, Ron? That could be good, could be interesting. Can you imagine if we open it up and there's no gold. Well, I think there will be, for one reason it's really heavy. You steal a bar of gold you've got to be strong.

Donald Trump: So, it's not like other things. But we're looking at everything. We have the largest deregulation campaign in history and we -- again, I did more than anybody, but this blows it away. And for one in -- every time we put in a new regulation; we're not allowed to put it in unless we terminate 10 old regulations.

Donald Trump: So, it's 1 in 10. We did 1 in 7 in my last administration and the problem is some of them were put back, foolishly put back. There was no reason for them. So, if you truly want a turbocharged economy, you have to do that and you have to get rid of the regulations. I think one of the reasons we were -- I mean before COVID, and we did a great job with COVID and getting -- it was a hell of a thing for all of us, everybody here.

Donald Trump: But some countries were -- some countries will actually never recover for what they went through. But we ended up giving back, when we turned over the reins the stock market was higher than just previous to COVID coming in, which was an amazing achievement. But we were -- just prior to that we were -- I'll never forget, I was sitting down with two consultants, the two great pollsters.

Donald Trump: They said, sir, this economy is so good. We have the greatest economy in the history of the world. We were doubling up China, we were -- I was also charging China hundreds of billions of dollars in tariffs, which nobody -- no president charged them anything, but they were killing us. And -- but we were beating everybody.

Donald Trump: Everybody said that in 2018, China was going to overtake us as the biggest economy in the world. And by the time I got finished, we were so much bigger than China and we still are now. But another four years like we had just passed, you will have China being much bigger than you. There's no reason -- if we have a smart president, there's no way that they should ever be able to catch us. But these pollsters said to me, sir, if Abraham Lincoln and George Washington came back from the dead and they ran as president and vice president, they'd never be able to beat you.

Donald Trump: And I said thank you very much. The next day I go into my office and a group of scientists are sitting there. Sir, we'd like to tell you there's something very bad happening in China. There are dead bodies all over the place, and that's the first time I heard the word pandemic in a long time and that's where it started.

Donald Trump: And you know where they were? All around the Wuhan lab. That's why I was -- from day one I was saying -- they had little slits like this. You saw them from the air, from the -- from space and they were just little slits. But they were body bags, they were black body bags all over, so many, and that's why -- that's where it came from.

Donald Trump: One other thing I -- just before we leave, I think you should do this if -- I mean from a safety and security and for the good of our nation, you should do it anyway regardless even if it costs ten times more. But it actually costs you just a tiny fraction. If you went to paper ballots in you're voting and I would hope that every Republican would, so it costs exactly 8 percent of what the machines cost.

Donald Trump: These machines, they got something going. They got -- they get -- they get business, it's amazing. So paper ballots. And paper is very sophisticated today. The paper, it's called watermark. It's, uh, impossible to copy, impossible to cheat. It's actually hard to believe that a piece of paper is highly sophisticated, but it's watermark.

Donald Trump: And it's very uh, it's amazing actually when you see it. You can't cheat. But if you went to paper ballots and same day voting and if you went to voter ID and also one other thing, you want a proof of citizenship, those four things, proof of citizenship, voter ID, paper ballots, one day voting. And if you went to two day voting or three day voting, but some of these states you go and you had 64 days.

Donald Trump: You know, California just finished up just a short while ago. There -- they were -- they were voting a week and a half ago. They're trying to finish them up. And other states too, they were weeks after the election. I mean, if that were a close election, you'd have to wait for weeks and weeks and weeks. You've got to finish fast.

Donald Trump: Brian, thank you for your help. We did very well in Georgia. It was very nice. But uh, but some of these states, if you had a close election, you wouldn't know who won. And then you know, once that happens then you really never know who won. But you would save tens of millions of dollars forgetting about right and wrong and security, safety our country, our Constitution and all of this.

Donald Trump: Number one, you'd have a much safer election. Number two, everybody, you know the results of your election by 10:00. Everybody, it's a beautiful system. It's boxes of 5000. Boom, boom. And you can go and examine each box. It's -- it's so simple and so good. I was -- I did ask Elon because he knows more about computers than anybody I know.

Donald Trump: I said what do you think of the voting system? He said computers are not meant for voting. It's just not a good -- it's too many transactions taking place too quickly. It's just not -- he said honestly. And I've gone to the best people, the smartest computer minds from MIT from others. My uncle was a professor for 41 years at MIT and a brilliant guy.

Donald Trump: And -- and I got to know a lot of the people up there. And they will tell you that the -- the most secure way that you can secure the election and probably the fastest way because they can be very little hankie panky is paper ballots. Can you believe it? So I hope, Sarah, that, uh, and certainly the Republican governors.

Donald Trump: But if you want to save a lot of money, you go to paper ballots. It'll cost you 8 percent of what the costs are now. And that's based on a good deal for machines. And then when you go through the, you know, days and weeks and months of waiting. France had mail in ballots. Anytime you have mail in ballots, you're going to have fraud without question.

Donald Trump: And France had it. And they went back to paper ballots. And I saw their election. And their election was over at 9:00. And their numbers came in at 10:05. There were no complaints. There was no -- they had a winner. They had a loser. 39 million votes. And it was done. We're one of the only people that has now mail in voting, one of the only countries that has mail in voting.

Donald Trump: Remember, Jimmy Carter, when he did a commission. And I think they had Scoop Jackson, they had some, you know, at the time big Senators. And their conclusion was if you have mail in voting, you're going to have massive fraud. And we had it in New York with the Congressional race. Remember the Congressional race where it took them forever to -- like six months later they declared who was it, Jerry Nadler or somebody.

Donald Trump: They declared him the winner, oh, six months later. But it was somebody -- oh, no, it was the woman or the Congressman. I won't mention her name, but uh, she -- she won, but she didn't win. And it was -- it was really very sad to see that whole thing. Democrat, that was a Democrat and a Democrat that was a primary.

Donald Trump: But they had uh, the mail in voting. It's just a disaster. So it's very, very expensive. If you want to save money, if you're not -- if you really believe that the computers work, which they don't, but if you want to save a lot of money, all you have to do is go to paper ballots and you'll -- you'll be cutting it down by, uh, you know, millions and millions of dollars.

Donald Trump: So America will take off like a rocket ship. You're going to see things that's so great for the governors. And Democrat governors are going to have, you know, you're going to get the benefit of this. You're going to be opening up plants. And you're going to be -- I hope we have enough people. We're going to let, and we want people to come into our country by the way.

Donald Trump: I do. But they have to come in legally, so. We need people in the country, but they have to come in legally. Two weeks ago, I signed an executive order banning men from playing in women's sports. Many Democrats are fighting me on that. I hope you continue because you'll never win another race. And it's just crazy, if you look at what happened with the boxing, if you look at what happened with the weightlifting numbers, where a record that hadn't been broken for 19 years got shattered.

Donald Trump: You know, they put up an eighth of an ounce here, an eighth of an ounce there and it's 218 pounds or whatever a lot. And it hadn't been broken in 19 years. And then a guy walks up who transitioned, he transitioned, and he knocked out that record by about 100 pounds. That would be a record, not going to be broken again in a long -- so we put a ban on it. And to protect women.

Donald Trump: I mean, the women, if you watch the Olympics, you had two transitioned people that were fighting in the women's boxing, they have a women's boxing category. If you saw that it was brutal what happened to the -- the Italian woman was a really good boxer. After one punch, she said no, no, no more, no more.

Donald Trump: I've never been hit -- it was a left, it was not even a -- it was just a left jab. She got hit so hard. She said I can't do it. They forced her to go out. No, go out, go out again. You'll do. She goes out again, hits -- gets hit again. No, no, that's it. She didn't want to die. And it's crazy, but. Uh, the NCAA has complied immediately by the way.

Donald Trump: That's good. But I understand Maine here, the governor of Maine?

Janet Mills: I'm here. Yeah, I'm here.

Donald Trump: Are you not going to comply with it?

Janet Mills: I'm complying with state and federal laws.

Donald Trump: Well, I'm -- we are the federal law.

Janet Mills: Well --

Donald Trump: Well, you better do it. You better do it because you're not going to get any federal funding at all if you don't. And by the way, your population, even though it's somewhat liberal, although I did very well there, your population doesn't want men playing in women's sports. So you better --

Janet Mills: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: You better comply because otherwise you're not getting any, any federal funding.

Janet Mills: We'll see you in court.

Donald Trump: Every state -- good, I'll see you in court. I look forward to that. That should be a real easy one.

Janet Mills: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: And enjoy your life after governor, because I don't think you'll be in elected politics. Every state has a responsibility to comply with Title 9, to have an obligation, a legal obligation. And we'll be enforcing aggressively. And we're going to be protecting our citizens. We're going to protect. So just to end, this administration has been fighting for parents rights and universal school choice.

Donald Trump: We want to do something that I think many people in this room want. And even if you don't, I think you do want it, but you might not be able to say it. We want to move the schools back to the states so that Iowa and South Carolina and Georgia and all the states can run your own school system. And you'll do a fantastic job.

Donald Trump: Kim, you're going to do great. I mean, I use your example because you're so much into the education, done a great job with school choice. And you'll do your school choice, that will be the easy thing. But we want to get it back -- take it away. So just some stats, so. Last, it's usually with 38, 39 or 40 out of 40. They take the 40, I guess biggest, most important whatever it might be, but 40 countries.

Donald Trump: And we were 38, 38, 39. And congratulations, but two months ago, three months ago we hit number 40. So, we were last in terms of education in the world. And we were first in another category though. We were first in cost per pupil. So we spend much more. And by the way, second wasn't even close. So you have Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Finland, China.

Donald Trump: So, there goes the big -- the big country theory, right? They have four -- 1.4 -- their rated number five. That's a little bit scary, isn't it? But they're all -- anything be worse than that, Sarah? So what happens is we are going to make a very strong push on closing up the Department of Education. We'll have one person sitting there just to make sure that they're teaching English, reading, writing and arithmetic, OK? Just, that's all.

Donald Trump: The rest of it is up to the governors. We have great governors, really smart people. Brian, I think you'd love to have it in Georgia because you could do a great job. And you're being told -- Ron would love -- Ron's sitting there saying, oh, give me the education. You're being told by people in Washington that don't know much about your state and maybe don't like your state, maybe they don't like you, maybe they don't like your pupils, about what they should be doing.

Donald Trump: And I'll tell you what, we will compete. Many of our states, I figure 35 of them, we're going to have 35 great ones. We're going to have five that are OK. Then we'll have another five that are blah, and then we're going to have four or five not so good. But in a place like New York, we could take it as an example, Westchester County.

Donald Trump: You go Westchester, Suffolk, you go out in Long Island, you do upstate New York, you break it up into quadrants, Manhattan. But I think you could do a great job. I think the states will do a fantastic job and we send the money directly to the states. And we're not looking even for the cuts, but you'll spend a lot less money.

Donald Trump: You're going to spend a lot less money. As somebody that spent a lot of time in Washington over the last number of years, it seems like every building is a Department of Education. I'm saying, what do these people do, what do they do? But if we could send an education back. And Linda, as you know, is going through the process right now, and I think she's doing really well.

Donald Trump: She's great. Linda McMahon. And I said, Linda, I really want you to do a great job, but you're really only doing a great job if you have no job by the time we finish. You have to create no job for yourself because we want this to go back to the states, and she agrees. And if we can do that, I think it's going to be one of the most important things we can do. So the governors, the people in this room, Democrat, Republican, will run their own school system and we'll back them 100 percent and we'll pay like we do now.

Donald Trump: But I think we'll end up having to pay probably half, but that's not the reason I'm doing it. I'm doing it because we give really bad education. And as far as the teachers' union, I love teachers. And I imagine unions might form in some of these places. And if they do, that's fine, you'll deal with it. So this isn't against unions because I won unions.

Donald Trump: I won the Teamsters. When you win the Teamsters, that's serious. But I put in a person as secretary of labor, who I really did it because the unions treated me so well, the autoworkers. I mean, so many of the unions, the firefighters. The police unions, I got like 98 percent of the vote. We're looking for the other two percent.

Donald Trump: Nobody can find them. So, I grew up in New York which was union territory. But we want to be able to have great education. If we don't have education in this country, this country is going to go down. When you hear China is rated number four and five every year and they're a serious competitor. So I want to thank you all and I do want to say again, call me at any time.

Donald Trump: I will take your call. If you're a Democrat, I will put you ahead of the Republican. If I have a Democrat or Republican call, I will put the Democrat first, OK? I promise, probably, sort of promise, right? No, I will, we'll take good care of the people in this room. And it's an honor to be with you. You're very, very smart people.

Donald Trump: To do what you do, to get elected, it's a tough business. But if you could take back education and if we could do some of the things that we just laid out very easily in this plan and you have a federal government that's behind you all the way, all the way. We'll be sending help. As an example, if we do get rid of FEMA, which we should, it's very expensive, doesn't work.

Donald Trump: But we'll be sending federal help in. If you have a big hurricane or a tornado or all of the things that I've been watching and you'll be taken care of much, much better than you taking care of now. You have to wait around for these people to come and they come so late. But the worst example was what you had to go through in North Carolina.

Donald Trump: What happened there was a terrible thing. So congratulations on your victories and you're going to have many more victories. And I'm here for you. If you want to ask a couple of questions, you could, if you'd like to. Yes, please.

Question: Thank you, Mr. President. So I think we share the excitement about disaster response and how we can make it better. We've all had disasters. We usually love to see the president, after a disaster, that's never fun. We have fires, other people have floods, hurricanes. We want to be a part of helping to make a federal emergency response work, changing FEMA so they're not putting square pegs in round holes.

Question: So involve our group because we're the ones on the other end of it saying, oh my God, why are they coming with this when we need that. So, we're ready to help.

Donald Trump: Good. Thank you very much. It's very nice. I agree. Yes, please.

Question: Mr. President, thank you for welcoming us. As we go through the process of putting in your priorities as president, would you give us an opportunity to speak with you about, say, return on investment?

Donald Trump: Sure.

Question: Before we go, for example into -- oh, forgive me, we've heard and we await the decisions you make and the secretary will make. But for instance, on Medicaid or Medicare --

Donald Trump: Sure.

Question: -- if cuts are proposed, perhaps give us an opportunity as governors to prove to you that we can make these programs worthwhile. That might help us on our [Inaudible].

Donald Trump: I love that. I think it's great, Bobby. I think it's great. One of the things we're really focused on is bringing down the costs and we haven't been treated very fairly, especially over the last four years. And as you know, we had transparency, which is one of the biggest things that could have happened.

Donald Trump: And Biden, for whatever reason, terminated that. That would have brought down the cost tremendously. But we'd love to have your ideas on any of the Medicare or Medicaid, any of it. And we will, if those ideas are good, you probably have better ideas than anybody as governor. So we would love that. Thank you.

Question: On that issue of health care, we've talked about it before. If we reform the health care industry and you tried to do that in the first administration and they tried to fight it back every step of the way. We all deal with high health care costs in government and the private sector. And if we reduce that from 20 percent of our GDP down to 10 to 12, you could pay for a lot of things in government that we can't currently do it. We need to get the industry in line helping us do it as well.

Donald Trump: Well, you're a good example of it and in your state, they've done a good job, but you're going to get those numbers down even lower. I know that. That's something very strong for you. And as you have ideas, I'd love you to pass them along to the other governors here. But there are some states that have done a really, really good job with that and we are totally open to suggestions.

Donald Trump: Right? Thank you. Yes, Henry.

Question: Mr. President, thank you for having us here. It's the de minimis rule in tariffs. We've got the amount that is self-declared now is $800. Say you package coming from wherever it is under $800, it's not inspected, there's no tariff on it. The problem is there are a lot of things coming in that are over that.

Donald Trump: That's right and we're not doing that anymore.

Question: And also there's fentanyl coming in, I think to all of these states. That's a real problem and I think that everyone is sharing that.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Henry. So, I had a deal with President Xi just prior to leaving office, but before the election, that President Xi was going to give the maximum penalty to anybody sending fentanyl into the United States, his maximum penalty is death. If you notice that every country that has the death penalty has no drug problem, they execute drug dealers.

Donald Trump: And when you think about it, it's very humane because every drug dealer on average, they say, kills at least 500 people, not to mention the damage they do to so many others, but they kill large numbers of people. China, Singapore, actually there are quite a few, many in Asia where they have the death penalty.

Donald Trump: There's no drug problem whatsoever. They come to our country because we have a much softer policy. We give them a slap on the wrist and say kill a lot of people. So, we are going to -- I mean I don't know if our country is ready for it. I am ready for it, the death penalty, if you deal drugs, you have to set out guidelines like fairly large numbers, etc.

Donald Trump: But you'll have it go down very greatly. One of the things we're going to do is we're going to do an advertising campaign, they're working on it right now, and that's saying how bad drugs are for you. I was speaking actually to the president of Mexico saying, you can't send the people through your country.

Donald Trump: And I said, you're not a big drug taking nation. You send us plenty of drugs, but the people aren't drug taking. And she said, yes, we're not a consumer nation. That was a very interesting term. And I said, so why aren't you? What are the reasons? Why is it? It's true, Mexico, they don't have a lot of drug problems in terms of taking the drug.

Donald Trump: She said, well, two things -- and a lot of you could do with the second thing. He said we have very strong family values. I said, but so do we -- I mean, I see people, they die of a drug overdose, the daughter, the son, the mother and father will never be the same, never be the same. Their life is ruined.

Donald Trump: Their life is over. I've seen it so much. So, we have strong family values also, family members and relationships, just as strong as Mexico. What the other? Well, we spend a lot of money on advertising saying how bad drugs are for you. And I said, oh, I never learned anything on phone calls. This time I learned something.

Donald Trump: I said, I never thought of that, because we set up like committees and you can't have the death penalty, I guess. But I don't know. Someday somebody's going to get sick of it and do it and you won't have any drug problem in this country. But -- and you can do it on an individual state basis for the governors in the room that want to do it. But you will not have a drug problem in your state if you did it. But I will say this, we have a situation where we have now hired a couple of the best agencies and we're going to spend about $100 million, maybe $200 million on advertising, saying that when you take certain drugs, the drug fentanyl, etc., etc., it destroys your skin, it destroys your teeth, it destroys your brain, it destroys everything.

Donald Trump: And really horrible commercials. I mean I've seen the first of them and they are brutal, they are brutal. And when some young kid is sitting down watching this commercial a couple of times I really don't think they're going to be taking drugs. So, I think that this is -- I mean this is a big statement, but I think we can drop it 50 percent, five zero, by doing this.

Donald Trump: And I give her credit, she was talking to me about it, told me about it, and I -- but I knew immediately as soon as she said it, it was not -- she didn't have to say anymore. She went on to tell me different things, but it was just the concept of it. And I think states can do that too. If you do commercials talking about how horrible it is, drugs, I mean.

Donald Trump: What it does, you look at their skin, it gets eroded, their teeth are -- you can tell. I mean, you can see a person that takes a lot of drugs, especially fentanyl and some of the others, the bad ones, the real bad ones, some of them, the heroin. It's unbelievable what it does to people and we're going to put a very, very strong ads.

Donald Trump: And now that I'm thinking about it, I think you should put on strong ads too, really strong ads. I think it's an unbelievable thing. We'll all do it. We're going to do it on a national basis, but you can do it individually on an individual basis. And you can also look, I think -- you'll have to get rulings on this, but your states have the right to go death penalty also for drug dealers.

Donald Trump: And -- but only do that if you want to get rid of drugs because, if you don't do that, it's a little tough. But I think the advertising will have a huge -- I think we can get it down by 50 percent, five-zero. We set up -- we did great. We got it down 18 percent. I said that's not a lot though. Everybody was giving us credit, oh, 18. And 18 percent to me -- we set up committees with the First Lady of the United States on a Blue-Ribbon committee, but they didn't know too much about El Chapo and the various people that we're talking about.

Donald Trump: It's a smart group of people. But I'll tell you what, the advertising could be unbelievable. And I hope the states do it. You're not talking about a lot of money. You're talking about peanuts actually. I mean, with $50 million, you could just cover the state. And if you did that, and I'm going to do it, I think we can get drugs way down.

Donald Trump: I think we can get it down by 50 percent when you see it. I've seen some of the ads. It's, man, if a person looks at the ads that I saw, they're not going to be taking drugs. So, good question. Thank you, Henry, very much. How about we'll do one more? Yes, please.

Question: Thank you so much for having us. As we've talked as governors, we implement a lot of the social welfare programs, whether it's Medicaid or job training or rental assistance. Each one has different requirements that create cliffs in benefits that make it hard for people to recover, things as simple as work requirements for able-bodied adults.

Question: If we could synchronize across TANF, Medicaid, [Inaudible] programs, let's make it a trampoline to get people back on their feet instead of a hammock they climb in and can't get out.

Donald Trump: I think it's great. I think if you could get together and work together, you'd bring down costs just on that basis. I think it would be really great. Did you want -- go ahead, please?

Jim Pillen: Mr. President, I want to just say thank you, two words a lot of times we don't say. Thank you for your extraordinary leadership, your courage, all that you do. And just so you know, even in the state of Nebraska, you're inspiring Nebraskans to get comfortable being uncomfortable to stand up for what we believe in, faith, family, hard work, the American dream.

Jim Pillen: Stand up and talk about the common sense, so we're incredibly grateful.

Donald Trump: Thank you, governor. Thank you very much. I appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you. Thank you.