Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-speech-political-rally-washington-january-19-2025

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. We won. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: We won. [Audience chants "USA"]

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, everybody. What a good feeling. We like winning, don't we? [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: We're going to make our country greater than ever before. Hello, Washington, and hello, America. We're all over America. I'm thrilled to be back with so many friends, supporters, and true American patriots on the eve of taking back our country. That's what we're going to do, take back our country. Tomorrow, at noon, the curtain closes on four long years of American decline, and we begin a brand-new day of American strength and prosperity, dignity, and pride, bringing it all back.

Donald Trump: Once and for all, we're going to end the reign of a failed and corrupt political establishment in Washington, a failed administration. We're not going to take it anymore. We're going to stop the invasion of our borders. We're going to reclaim our wealth. We're going to unlock the liquid gold that's right under our feet, liquid gold. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: We're going to bring back law and order to our cities. We're going to restore patriotism to our schools, get radical left woke ideologies the hell out of our military and out of our government. And we are going to make America great again. [Audience calls out "Make America great again."]

Donald Trump: I want to thank the tens of thousands of incredible men and women who have come from all over the nation to take part in this very special moment. And I just heard in watching some of the coverage that there are rallies like this taking place all over the country. People are happy. People are happy. It's been a long time.

Donald Trump: None of this would have been possible without you and the millions of hardworking citizens who have joined our course. You know, right over there, just notice a group of beautiful ladies, beautiful women from North Carolina, from North Carolina right here, too. I don't know how the hell they -- they've been to 167 rallies.

Donald Trump: Do you believe it? You think their husbands are happy about that? I don't know. But they look beautiful. They're incredible people, and they love our country. Thank you very much. And up here, I see we have front row Joes all over the place. Uncle Sam, Mr. Wall. Oh, boy, oh, boy. But we've been through so much together.

Donald Trump: And for the next four years, I will fight for you. Every single day, we're going to be fighting for you. This is the greatest political movement in American history. And 75 days ago, we achieved the most epic political victory our country has ever seen. That's what they say. We won the popular vote for the first time of any Republican in many, many years.

Donald Trump: We swept all seven swing states by big numbers. We won Pennsylvania. We won Georgia. We won North Carolina. We won Michigan. We won Wisconsin. We won Arizona. We won Nevada. We won them all by historic margins. And we won the great state of Florida by 13 points. Nobody's done that ever. And a record that will never be broken.

Donald Trump: All 50 states shifted toward the Republican Party, the first time that that's ever happened. All 50 states. We won the largest number of African American voters in Republican Party history. We won more Hispanic American votes than any Republican has ever gotten before by a lot. And we won Latino men and women.

Donald Trump: And on top of that, youth, men, women, urban, suburban, rural and people from everywhere in between are joining us in record numbers. We've never had anything like this. Too big to rig. That's what I used to say. Too big to rig. We made it too big. Oh, and they tried. They tried. It was too big. Around 9:02, they just said, "Let's get the hell out of here.

Donald Trump: This isn't working." They were swamped, to put it nicely. We also took back the US Senate. We had some great people running. And the House Republicans won their largest popular vote majority in presidential years since 1928. We had a lot of people voting. So, the Senate, the House Republicans, we got all three of them.

Donald Trump: A little bit close on those two. Senate's in great shape. House Republicans, actually, they both have great leaders. They both have great people. Heading John Thune is fantastic. And if you look at Mike Johnson, he's got a pretty tight majority. But actually, it's very tight. But it's very good because we vote unified.

Donald Trump: We're really voting unified. And so, it doesn't make much difference. In the election of 2024, which will be the most consequential election in American history, we not only want to mandate, but we built a new American majority that will lead our country to unparalleled success for generations to come. That's what we want to do. And someday, in 30 years from now, 40 years from now, 50 years from now, some of these young people are going to say, "I remember Donald Trump.

Donald Trump: He did a good job. He set us on his way. He set us -- he told us -- he gave us a path." Our new administration will inherit disasters at home and abroad, an economy plagued by inflation and high interest rates, a catastrophic border crisis. Nobody can believe they let people in. They have an open border policy.

Donald Trump: Do you think that makes sense? Open borders. Anybody wants to. Jails, prisons, mental institutions, gangs being emptied right through that ugly open border. A government that cannot care for its citizens in a time of emergency. Look at what's happening in Los Angeles. Look at what's happening in North Carolina.

Donald Trump: They've treated them so badly. In a planet on the brink of World War III, it's not going to happen. That's not going to happen. But starting tomorrow, I will act with historic speed and strength and fix every single crisis facing our country. We have to do it. We're not going to have a country left. Before even taking office, you are already seeing results that nobody expected to see.

Donald Trump: Everyone is calling it the -- I don't want to say this. It's too braggadocious, but we'll say it anyway, the Trump effect. It's you. You're the effect. Since the election, the stock market has surged, and small business optimism has soared, a record 41 points to a 39-year high. Bitcoin has shattered one record high after another.

Donald Trump: The major investment company known as DAMAC, the properties, has announced that it will be investing between $20 billion and $40 billion in the United States. And SoftBank, another great company, has pledged between $100 billion and $200 billion. These are all investments that are only being made because of the fact that we won the election.

Donald Trump: It can create jobs for hundreds of thousands, even millions of Americans. Today, I spoke with Tim Cook of Apple. He said they're going to make a massive investment in the United States because of our big election win. And as of today, TikTok is back. So, you know, I did a little TikTok thing. We have a guy, TikTok Jack.

Donald Trump: He's a young kid, like 21-years-old. And we hired this guy, and I went on TikTok. Can you believe what I'll do to win an election? And we went on TikTok, and Republicans have never won the young vote, the youth vote. They win a lot of votes, but they never won the youth vote. We won the youth vote by 36 points. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: So, I like TikTok. I like it. I like it. I had a slightly good experience, wouldn't you say? Romney lost it by 40 points. Not so long ago, we won it by 36 points. That's a very big spread. But I said, we need to save TikTok because we're talking about a tremendous -- who in this audience goes with TikTok? [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: Many? Yeah. Very popular. And, frankly, we have no choice. We have to save a lot of jobs. We don't want to give our business to China. We don't want to give our business to other people. And I said, you know, TikTok without my approval, meaning the president's approval because Congress gave the president the right to make a deal, do whatever he wants.

Donald Trump: And they did that a long time ago when they had a different president. They didn't know that I was going to be the president, I guess. So, I said, very simply, a joint venture. So, if TikTok is worth nothing, zero, without an approval -- you know, if you don't approve, they're out of business, they're worth nothing.

Donald Trump: If you do approve, they're worth like a trillion dollars. They're worth some crazy number. So, I said, "I'll approve, but let the United States of America own 50 percent of TikTok. I'm approving on behalf of the United States." So, they'll have a partner in the United States, and they'll have a lot of bidders.

Donald Trump: And the United States will do what we call a joint venture. And there's no risk. We're not putting up any money. All we're doing is giving them the approval, without which they don't have anything. So, I don't know. It sounds like that works. What do you think? Good? I think so. So, whether you like TikTok or not, we're going to make a lot of money.

Donald Trump: Perhaps, most beautiful of all, this week we achieved an epic ceasefire agreement as a first step toward lasting peace in the Middle East. And this agreement could only have happened as a result of our historic victory in November. That was some victory. Was that the greatest? I don't even know which was greater, 2016 or this one.

Donald Trump: I think this one. Look, Honest Dave Lincoln. We have Honest Dave. We have Uncle Sam. You know, Uncle Sam shook my hand about two months ago. He's got the strongest grip I've ever -- you are a strong, you are a strong man. I said, "What the hell was that?" But I'm glad to report that the first hostages have just been released.

Donald Trump: And who knows what's going to happen? I know that Biden is saying that they made the deal. Well, you know, [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: I mean, that deal should have been -- first of all, it would have never happened if I were president. Would have never happened. There was no -- not even a thought of it. Iran was broke. Iran was broke. They had no money for Hezbollah. They had no money for Hamas. They had no money. They were broke, totally broke, and they would have never done anything.

Donald Trump: But they did it, you know. And so, I like to think back to the past. I said, if only the election weren't rigged, all the things that would have happened that would have been so good. But it was. We're not going to let that happen again. I want to thank my friend Steve Witkoff, who I think is here. I know he made a beautiful speech.

Donald Trump: I heard he made a great speech. But he's an amazing guy. I said, I got to get myself a negotiator. We have to get a good negotiator. A lot of guys are knowledgeable, but they can't negotiate. They don't have the personality or whatever. And Steve does. And Steve's a great negotiator, very successful guy.

Donald Trump: But he's our new special envoy to the Middle East for helping reach this great breakthrough, and it really couldn't have been done without Steve. Where is Steve Witkoff? Is he around here someplace? Because he was so great. There he is. Hello, Steve. Thank you, Steve. Thank you, Steve. What a job. Our incoming administration has achieved all of this in the Middle East in less than three months without being president.

Donald Trump: We've achieved more without being president than they've achieved in four years with being president. But just imagine all of the good things that we will accomplish together with four more years in the White House. We're going to do a lot of things. You're going to see something tomorrow. You're going to see executive orders that are going to make you extremely happy.

Donald Trump: Lots of them, lots of them. We have to set our country on the proper course. By the time the sun sets tomorrow evening, the invasion of our borders will have come to a halt, [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: and all the illegal border trespasses will in some form or another be on their way back home. Think of it. We've allowed millions and millions of people into our country through open borders. No checks, no vetting, no anything. Millions and millions of people. And lots of those people are murderers. Fifty-two percent of them killed more than one person.

Donald Trump: Other than that, they're quite fine. They're nice people. These are rough people. Remember, I used to say these people are rough, and they would say, "No, no, these are illegal immigrants. They're very safe." I said, "They're not safe." Look at what's happened with Venezuela, where they're sending these gangs in, and they're taking over apartment complexes in Colorado and then cutting off the fingers of a man who had the nerve and desire to call the police.

Donald Trump: He said, "You want to call the police?" Bah, guess what? You have no fingers. These are rough people, and they're getting the hell out of our country. They're out. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: The border security measures, I will outline in my inaugural address. Tomorrow will be the most aggressive, sweeping effort to restore our borders the world has ever seen. You know, we had the best, safest border in the history of our country. You remember that with the great chart that I put up? I don't even know if they have that chart now.

Donald Trump: Maybe they do. These guys are good. Maybe they do. Who -- I don't know. I didn't tell them I was going to do this. I didn't tell. But we have some very good people, but I didn't say it. But we had a chart, and I looked to my right, and then they said, "Ooh, that was it." That hurt. What the hell was that?

Donald Trump: I still have that throbbing feeling in my ear. Oh, there it is. Look at it. These people are amazing. I didn't tell them I was doing that. That's fantastic. They said, "Yeah, it's all over the place." I love that. That is the most beautiful piece of paper I've ever seen in my life. But if you look at that chart, and you look at the red arrow on the bottom, that's the single lowest we ever had in history, at least recorded history, of illegals pouring into our country.

Donald Trump: We had done a great job. And then, they took over, and look what happened. It's like an Elon Musk rocket ship going up. That reminds me of Elon, his rocket ships. Look at that, look at the difference. And it just continued and continued, and we're taking in people that shouldn't be here. They come in from prisons, from jails.

Donald Trump: They shouldn't be here. Mental institutions. I used to mention, and the press would always excoriate me, I'd say the late, great Hannibal Lecter came into our country today. Silence of the Lambs, anybody see that movie? Lovely movie. And when people went to the voter booth, they said, "We don't want Hannibal Lecter in our country." The press would say, "Why is he bringing up Hannibal Lecter?

Donald Trump: That was a fictitious character." Actually, they're not so fictitious. We have people in our country that are probably worse than we allowed in. But we will quickly reestablish control of our sovereign territory and borders. We will expel every single illegal alien gang member and migrant criminal operating on American soil and remove the savage gang, Tren de Aragua, from the United States.

Donald Trump: Here's a little video for you to see about this gang. Go ahead.

Note: [Begin video clip]

Laura Ingraham: [Video clip] Open borders, deadly consequences.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Border crisis. Record-high crossings are putting a strain on cities across America. It is a full-blown invasion. Armed Venezuelan gang members storming an apartment complex in Aurora, Colorado. When people talk about migrant crime, this is what they're talking about. San Antonio, Texas, just one of the latest cities to have apartment complexes taken over by members of the Venezuelan gang.

Unidentified: Biden and Harris had created a program to bring them in under humanitarian parole.

Kamala Harris: [Video clip] I am in favor of saying that we're not going to treat people who are undocumented across the border as criminals.

Unidentified: [Video clip] More than 13,000 illegal immigrants convicted of murder have been released into the United States.

Tammy Nobles: [Video clip] My 20-year-old daughter, Kayla Hamilton, was murdered in her own room. Kayla's murderer was apprehended by Border Patrol crossing illegally into the US.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Kayla's murderer had been improperly released into the United States.

Kamala Harris: [Video clip] Abolish ICE. Yeah. We need to probably think about starting from scratch.

Jonathan Martinez: [Video clip] More than a dozen people suspected of being Tren de Aragua gang members right here in San Antonio.

Unidentified: [Video clip] The gang members had been terrorizing the apartment complex. New details in the murder of Laken Riley. The illegal-immigrant suspect, who cops say committed the heinous murder, is a Venezuelan national.

Tom Cole: [Video clip] And was paroled and released into the country by the Biden administration.

Unidentified: [Video clip] If they'd all been properly vetted, that probably wouldn't have happened. Two men, investigators say, are in the country illegally from Venezuela are charged with capital murder and the death of Jocelyn Nungaray. Martinez-Rangel wrapped his arms around Jocelyn's neck, took off her pants, and climbed on top of her, later strangled Jocelyn to death and then tied up her hands and feet.

Steve Eagar: [Video clip] Court documents suggest a group of men arrested for beating and robbing a Dallas woman last month are members of a Venezuelan street gang.

Unidentified: [Video clip] The man threatened to cut off her fingers if she did not cooperate. Manuel Hernandez-Hernandez was booked by Colleyville Police just two days earlier and released the day before the robbery. A Peruvian gang leader, who was wanted for 23 murders who is arrested by Border Patrol near Roma, Texas, then released into America.

Note: [End video clip]

Donald Trump: That's what we allowed in. And they're nice people compared to some of them. They're nicer than others. These are really vicious people, gang members, and many, many people from prisons. And crime all over the world is down. You know why? Because they got their criminals into the United States of America.

Donald Trump: You look at Venezuela. They've emptied their prisons into our country. Many other places the same. I would have done the same if I headed up any of the countries. I know most of those guys are smart. They're leaders. They are smart, streetwise people. As soon as I heard they were going to have open borders, I said, "If you do that, every prison all over the world is going to be emptied out into our country." They come in from the Congo.

Donald Trump: The Congo is big on emptying their prisons. The only thing good about it is they make our criminals look like really nice people. These people are vicious people all over the world, not just South America, all over the world. They come from mental institutions and from jails and prisons. With our actions tomorrow, my administration will deliver justice for every family whose loved one has been stolen from them by migrant crime, including Laken Riley, Rachel Morin, Jocelyn Nungaray, Kayla Hamilton, and every other precious American soul that we have lost to these animals.

Donald Trump: Their memories will live in their hearts forever and our hearts forever, and we will never, ever forget them. And their contribution -- I told their mothers who are devastated, their parents, their fathers, they're devastated. They'll never be the same, they'll never be the same. But I said, "Your daughter has made a major contribution.

Donald Trump: Your son has made a major contribution." There are hundreds and even thousands of victims of this horrible atrocity. And you add those numbers to the numbers of crime that we're already going through the roof, and it's something that you wouldn't even believe. Do you remember I did the debate and I had David Muir from ABC [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: saying, "No, no, crime has gone down." I said, "No, no, it's gone through the roof. Crime has gone through the roof, David." "No, no, crime has gone down." I said it's gone through the roof. And then he goes, "I disagree with that." The next day they announced the crime was up like 40%. This guy is -- the whole thing is so -- it's so bad.

Donald Trump: You can't even imagine how anybody could be for these things of -- you know, think of it, open borders, prisons and mental institutions, men playing in women's sports, transgender for everyone, [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: transgender. And very soon, we'll begin the largest deportation operation in American history, larger even -- even larger than President Dwight Eisenhower, who has the record right now. And we're going to end the Biden war on American energy and unleash our energy resources to quickly defeat inflation and achieve the lowest cost of energy and electricity on Earth.

Donald Trump: And we're going to be using our emergency powers to allow countries and entrepreneurs and people with a lot of money build big plants, AI plants. We need double the energy that we already have. And it's going to end up being more than that. And we're going to slash, we're going to slash the regulations, environmental regulations that are really put in there in order to stop progress in this country.

Donald Trump: We're going to also slash something else, the waste in our bloated federal bureaucracy. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: We will create the new Department of Government Efficiency, headed by a gentleman named Elon Musk, who's here someplace. I don't know where the hell he is. He's here someplace. Come here, Elon. Did you see his rocket yesterday? It was captured. Ah, and X is with him, X. Come on, Elon. Say a couple of words.

Elon Musk: OK. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. President. Sorry. Little X just followed me on the stage here. He's -- he's a very enthusiastic supporter, as you can see. Yeah. Thank you. So, we're looking -- we're looking forward to making a lot of changes. And, you know, this victory is the start, really. What matters going forward is to actually make significant changes, have those -- cement those changes, and set the foundation for America to be strong for a century, for centuries, forever, so -- and make America great again. [Audience responds affirmatively] Yeah.

Elon Musk: So, yeah. So, anyway, we're going to do great things here. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Elon. Thank you, Elon. You know, I always say we have to be protective of our geniuses because we don't have too many, but that one is a good one. Now, I watched this rocket come down about three months ago, and I thought it was crashing. I was talking to somebody on the phone. By the way, same thing happened yesterday.

Donald Trump: It came down, and it was captured so beautifully. It came down, it's tumbling, it's a mess, it's going down. I say, "Oh, look at that thing. That's a disaster." And then, it gets, like, a couple of miles away from Earth. And all of a sudden, the engines start going on, and things start -- and then, I see it coming in and landing in the gantry.

Donald Trump: And I'm watching, and I say, "Oh, it's going to crash. Oh." But those engines came out, and they blew the fire all over the place. And all of a sudden, those two big arms came and hugged it like you would hug your little baby. And that sucker landed. And nobody's been able to do that but him. And he's a great guy.

Donald Trump: And we have him and Vivek and some great people working on a thing called costs. And he's got the credibility to do it, too. And we're going to do things that are really amazing. But he went out to Pennsylvania after that. He landed that rocket nobody had ever seen. By the way, China can't do it, Russia can't do it, or come close.

Donald Trump: It will be 10 years before they can do it. And the US can't do it except for him. And it's pretty amazing. But he -- he did that. And then he journeyed to Pennsylvania, where he spent like a month and a half campaigning for me in Pennsylvania. And he's a popular guy, and he was very effective. And he knows those computers better than anybody.

Donald Trump: All those computers, those vote-counting computers. And we ended up winning Pennsylvania like in a landslide, so it was pretty good. It was pretty good. So, thank you to Elon. And his son's name, who's cute as a button, his son's name is X. He's the only guy to get away with the name X. But his son is a great guy.

Donald Trump: One thing we know, his son is smart. If you believe in the racehorse theory, he's got a nice, smart son. But thank you very much to Elon and everybody. We've had so much help. Every radical and foolish executive order of the Biden administration will be repealed within hours of when I take the oath of office. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: Oh, you're going to have a lot of fun watching television tomorrow. Somebody said yesterday, "Sir, don't sign so many in one day. Let's do it over a period of weeks." I said, "Like hell, we're going to do it over weeks. We're going to sign them at the beginning." [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: You know that old story. Let's do it later, then it never gets done. No, we're doing them tomorrow. And we'll have plenty to sign in the future. Don't worry about it. It's not going to stop. But we're going to stop the destructive and divisive diversity, equity, and inclusion mandates [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: all across the government and private sector and return our country to the merit system. You know, the Supreme Court ruled that the United States is allowed to go by the merit system, which is what made us great in the first place. That was a big, big ruling that a lot of people don't even know about. But it was a big, tremendous ruling.

Donald Trump: And you're focusing on character, competence, and qualifications in all hiring decisions. Now, you're allowed to go by competence and ability and genius. You don't have to hire somebody to send up one of his rocket ships that doesn't know anything about what's happening. As the first step toward restoring transparency and accountability to government, we will also reverse the over-classification of government documents.

Donald Trump: And in the coming days, we are going to make public remaining records relating to the assassinations of President John F. Kennedy, his brother Robert Kennedy, [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: as well as Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., and other topics of great public interest. That's all going to be released, Uncle Sam. And I will direct our military to begin construction of the great Iron Dome missile defense shield, [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: which will all be made in the USA. We will get wokeness the hell out of our military immediately [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: and make it like it used to be. Take a look at this.

Note: [Begin video clip]

R. Lee Ermey: [Video clip] You little scumbag. I got your name. I got your ass. You will not laugh. You will not cry. You will learn by the numbers.

Rachel Levine: [Video clip] Happy Pride. Happy Pride Month. And actually, let's declare it a summer of Pride.

R. Lee Ermey: [Video clip] So, you're a killer?

Matthew Modine: [Video clip] Sir, yes, sir.

R. Lee Ermey: [Video clip] Let me see your war face.

Matthew Modine: [Video clip] Sir?

R. Lee Ermey: [Video clip] You've got a war face? Ah. That's a war face. Now, let me see your war face.

Matthew Modine: [Video clip] Ah.

R. Lee Ermey: [Video clip] Bullshit. You didn't convince me. Let me see your real war face.

Matthew Modine: [Video clip] Ah.

Kylie Minogue: [Video clip] Padam Padam, I hear it and I know, Padam Padam, I know you want to take --

R. Lee Ermey: [Video clip] You will be a weapon. You will be a minister of death praying for war. But until that day, you are pukes. You are the lowest form of life on Earth. You are not even human fucking beings. You are nothing but an organized grabastic pieces of amphibian shit.

Qveen Herby: [Video clip] How to Abracadabra. These bitches know I got answers. The way I --

R. Lee Ermey: [Video clip] It looks to me like the best part of you ran down the crack of your mama's ass and ended up as a brown stain on the mattress. I love working for Uncle Sam.

Marines: [Video clip] I love working for Uncle Sam.

R. Lee Ermey: [Video clip] Lets me know just who I am.

Marines: [Video clip] Lets me know just who I am.

R. Lee Ermey: [Video clip] One, two, three, four. United States Marine Corps.

Marines: [Video clip] One, two, three, four. United States Marine Corps.

Note: [End video clip]

Donald Trump: Thank you. So, we won two world wars with that, and that's the way it's going to be. The American people have given us their trust. And in return, we're going to give them the best first day, the biggest first week, and the most extraordinary first 100 days of any presidency in American history. To implement this historic agenda, I've assembled an all-star cabinet of patriots and visionaries and reformers who will fight for America, and together we will win, win, win for America.

Donald Trump: To restore the spirit of American armed forces, I have appointed Pete Hegseth as our next secretary of the forces. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: Where's Pete? Where's Pete? Pete's here someplace. Where is he? [Audience chants "Pete"]

Donald Trump: Good job, Pete. They like you, Pete. Thank you. They like him. To bring back integrity to our intelligence community, Tulsi Gabbard will be our next director of national intelligence. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: To make America healthy again, we will have Robert F. Kennedy Jr. as secretary of Health and Human Services. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: To end the weaponization of our government and restore the impartial rule of law, oh, this is so important, she's so incredible, Pam Bondi [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: will be an outstanding attorney general. She's going to do an incredible job. She will do an incredible job. And she's working with another person who's going to be unbelievable at the FBI, Kash Patel. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: And tomorrow, everybody in this very large arena will be very happy with my decision on the J6 hostages. Very -- I think you'll be very, very happy, I would say, about 99.9 percent in this beautiful arena. And by the way, I want to thank the owners of this arena. They are great. They're up here someplace in one of those beautiful boxes.

Donald Trump: And their team is doing very well. And Ovechkin is a great player, right? [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: But I want to thank Ted and all of the owners for allowing this to take place. It was really great. And thank you, it's a hell of an operation, great place, fantastic arena. Thank you, Ted. Thank you, everybody. At Homeland Security, we will have a tough leader in Kristi Noem, and we will have an outstanding secretary of transportation in Sean Duffy, Congressman Sean Duffy.

Donald Trump: Great people. And we're going to win so much at Governor Burgum of the interior. You know, Governor Burgum, one of the best governors in the country, is in charge of Department of the Interior. And the hottest man anywhere in the world for energy. When I announced him, people couldn't believe it. You didn't hear of him, but if you're in the energy business, he's considered the absolute best.

Donald Trump: Mr. Chris Wright of the Energy Department. He's going to head up the Energy Department. He's the hottest guy in -- there is. Anybody in the energy business, they said, "I can't believe you got Chris Wright." And a man named Marco Rubio [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: is going to be our great future secretary of state. And Howard Lutnick, a tremendous success on Wall Street, is going to be our secretary of commerce. They have to go through these drills, but they're going to. And I have to want to thank the Republican senators. They've been doing great. And John Thune has been doing a great job in moving the process along quickly.

Donald Trump: We're going to have a lot of them hopefully approved very quickly. And a very special woman, Linda McMahon, is going to be our future secretary of education, which we're going to be giving back to the states, let the state run education. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: I said to Linda, I said, "Linda, I'm making you the secretary of education. But if you do a great job, you will put yourself out of a job because you're going to be sending it back to the states." And she's fantastic. And her staff, which has been largely hired, is fantastic. And all of the other leaders will come to me and they're going to say, "Do you remember I used to do this for fun?" But it's really not fun.

Donald Trump: It's fact. Because we have to do some of best of, right? But they're going to come and say to me, "Sir, sir, we're winning too much, sir. We can't take it anymore. We have to stop winning, sir. We can't do it. We're not used to winning in our country." And each one of them is going to say, every single one, "Sir, please, please, you're destroying our country.

Donald Trump: We're winning too much. Our country isn't prepared for this. They're not used to winning, sir." And I'll say, "No, no, Linda and everybody, we're not going to stop winning. The people of our country want us to keep on winning, and we're going to go win like never, ever before." And that's what we're going to do. We're going to be doing it, Uncle Sam.

Donald Trump: Uncle Sam is having a heart attack down here. Look at him. Uncle Sam is going wild. And they think I pay for these people. I have no idea who he is. All I know is he does -- and there's Abe Lincoln. Thank you, Honest Abe. I have no idea. I swear, I have no idea who the hell he is. But he looks like Abe. He's probably a little bit shorter in all fairness.

Donald Trump: Abe was 6' 6". He's a little bit shorter. He's about a foot shorter. Other than that, he's perfect. Thank you, Abe. In addition to the most talented cabinet ever assembled, and we think -- we're hearing things like that. We will be supported in our mission by countless wonderful American patriots. First, let me thank my incredible family, and I want to thank in particular somebody that headed up the Republican Party, along with Mike, the two of them, Lara Trump, who you saw before, who produced those two beautiful children.

Donald Trump: Lara Trump is unbelievable. She was the chairman of the Republican Party. And nobody ever said, "Oh, gee, it's a family member." They actually said, "How the hell did you get her to do it?" And she did a phenomenal job. We had a minimum of cheating. We watched them like a hawk. Where is Lara? Where the hell is she?

Donald Trump: Because she did some job. See? She wants to be nice and quiet. She's here someplace. Thank you, Lara. Thank you very much, hon. She's phenomenal. The job she did. And her son was up -- didn't they do a beautiful job? The son and the daughter. How many young kids know that one? They don't know that one. But her husband is somebody I'm very proud of. He's doing a great job.

Donald Trump: He's been subpoenaed more than any human being in history, I believe. Every day, he'd get a subpoena from Congress on something, oh, bullshit. But he get a subpoena. He's got a PhD in subpoenas. But he did a fantastic job. And Don, you know all about Don, how he did. He's great. He's very popular, too. He knows a lot about guns, I want to tell you that.

Donald Trump: We had -- by the way, I have to tell you, we had great support from every gun group, including the NRA. He's really worked hard. And Ivanka and Jared are here, and Tiffany and Michael are here, and Barron and my 10 incredible grandchildren, and another one coming through Tiffany. And of course, I want to thank our next vice president of the United States, JD Vance, [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: wherever he may be. There's a lot of people. Wherever the hell he is, he's here someplace. It's a lot of people. It's a little tough when you say, where is he? You know, you got a lot of people in here. But JD Vance has been extraordinary. And he's got an unbelievable wife, the second lady of the United States, Usha Vance.

Donald Trump: So, Usha, thank you very much. Beautiful couple, great people. We're also pleased to be joined tonight by Hulk Hogan, the Hulkster, the Hulkster. One thing, it's not hard to find him. All he has to do is stand up, you just say -- there he is. But he's great. And Kid Rock, wow. Kid Rock is a friend of mine.

Donald Trump: He's a friend of mine for a long, long time. He did that thing on Budweiser. Budweiser will never be the same when he did the gun with a MAGA hat. That was the commercial that everybody saw. Also, with us tonight is a great actor, tremendously talented guy, John Voight. He's great and a friend of mine. And Sylvester Stallone is here.

Donald Trump: Great guy. And, you know, I got Mel Gibson, Sylvester Stallone, and John Voight to become ambassadors to Hollywood, California, to put it back on track. So, they're all ambassadors. You have to refer to them as ambassador, Mr. Ambassador. And a man who's got an army of young people. Charlie Kirk is here. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: And I want to thank Charlie. Charlie is fantastic. I mean, this guy. Don't believe this stuff when you hear the kids are liberal. They're not liberal. Maybe they used to be, but they're not anymore. You got to see how many people are for us. And I want to thank Megyn Kelly. She's been terrific. She's been really good.

Donald Trump: And Billy Ray Cyrus. And Lee Greenwood, wow, has he been troubled? What a song and what a man. And you know, by the way, these microphones, you see the microphones? I said, what the hell are those microphones doing standing behind me? You're going to have a little special treat at the end of this speech.

Donald Trump: I don't want to tell you because you'll rush me off the stage. "Get off the stage." But you have a little special treat. And I won't tell you. But let's put it this way. It's the people that 30 years ago had a hot song, never hit No. 1, hit No. 5. But 30 years later, it hit No. 1 week after week. And they're here to sing, they're here to sing for you.

Donald Trump: And you won't recognize them. They're slightly larger than they used to be, but that's the way life goes. We can all tell you, that's the way life goes. There's nothing we can do about that, Sebastian Gorka. Stand up, Sebastian. I see Sebastian there. There's a patriot. He's been with me through thick and thin.

Donald Trump: Right, Sebastian? Now, he's with the administration. Thank you. Great guy. And again, I want to thank Elon for what he did in Pennsylvania. He worked so hard. He worked so hard in Pennsylvania. Great guy. And a man who is a champion, a man who took something from nothing. Nobody -- everybody said, "This is something will never work.

Donald Trump: It's too violent." But he understood people. He said they like violence, unfortunately, right? But a man who understood fighting better than any man ever. There's never been anything like this, what Dana White did with the UFC and building it into a monster sport franchise. So, I want to thank Dana White of UFC for being here.

Donald Trump: And, Dana, you've done a job like nobody could have done. Thank you. A great guy and a friend of mine, a great friend of mine. He's a tough cookie. You want him on your side at all times. Every one of those people you want on your side. And we have dozens of other celebrities and everything, but we're going to get back to what we're doing.

Donald Trump: But I do want to say, in the audience, we have many governors, many, many senators, many members of Congress and other distinguished guests, far too many to name, unless you'd like me to name them. No? Do you want me to name governors, senators, and congresspeople? [Audience responds "No"]

Donald Trump: No. I thought you were going to say that. Sorry, governors. No, but we appreciate all of the love that we've gotten from them. I'll tell you, our House and our Senate Republicans have been unbelievable. And the governors are unbelievable, the job they're doing. Of the crime-ridden cities, the top 25, every single one of them is run by a Democrat. [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: Does that tell you something? We don't have problems in the Republican cities. Tonight, I also want to send our love to everyone affected by the terrible wildfires raging in California. We're praying for you all. We love you all. We're going to be there very soon. I'm going to go out there on Friday to see it and to get it moving back.

Donald Trump: We're going to get some of the best builders in the world, and we'll get it moving back. And I also want to pay my respects to the great people of North Carolina. You know, I won it every single time. And they've been treated very badly. FEMA almost didn't know it existed. And we're going to get North Carolina rocking and rolling, OK? We're going to get them rocking and rolling.

Donald Trump: They've been treated very badly as a state. Together, we will rebuild Los Angeles better, more beautiful than ever before. We're going to get it going. We have the best builders in the world. It's the only people that could do it. Nobody else knows what the hell they're doing. And in 2028, the Los Angeles Olympics will be one of the great sporting events and patriotic celebrations in history.

Donald Trump: I was with Gianni, the head of the Olympics. And because of the wildfires, they're going to do a special, special job. They're going to really do something very special for the Olympics. And the opposite, some people said, "Oh, maybe the Olympics can't go there." It turned out just the opposite. They came to see me the other day and the committee, and it's just the opposite.

Donald Trump: So, the Olympics is great. And, Gianni, for the others, you know, the World Cup, Gianni is the head of it. We had our top people, Wasserman. They all came in on the Olympics. And then I saw Gianni. And we got the World Cup, too. And you know, it's only because they rigged the election that I'll be your president representing you there.

Donald Trump: You know, I got both of them. I got the Olympics, and I got the World Cup. And I said, "You know, it's too bad." One was in 2026 and the other was in 2028. And I said, "I won't be there. I won't be your president." But then, they rigged the election. And now, we won, so I'm going to be your president for the Olympics and for the World Cup.

Donald Trump: So, Gianni, thank you for the World Cup. And, everybody, thank you for the Olympics. We're going to have a great time. And we have another thing happening, 250 years, a celebration like no other, 250 years. And that's going to be taking place next year. So, we have a lot of big events coming. And everything we do, we do everything.

Donald Trump: We take it very, very seriously. But what do we do more than anything else? We put America first. And it all starts tomorrow when I raise my hand on the Bible to be sworn as your -- we'll be sworn in tomorrow. We're all going to be sworn in together. That's the way I look at it. It's not me, it's you. Greatest of all time.

Donald Trump: So, we will be sworn in tomorrow. I'll be representing you as your 47th president of the United States. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: And just in conclusion, together, we're going to cut your taxes, end inflation, slash your prices, getting them back down, raise your wages, and bring thousands of factories back to the USA, right where they belong. And that will be done through tariffs and smart policy. We will build American, we will buy American, and we will hire American. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: I will end the war in Ukraine, I will stop the chaos in the Middle East, and I will prevent World War III from happening. And you have no idea how close we are. We will crush violent crime in our cities and give our police the support, protection, resources, and respect they so dearly deserve. We will strengthen and modernize our military again.

Donald Trump: We did it. We rebuilt our entire military. And then, they gave billions and billions of dollars of it to, you remember, to the Taliban. [Audience boos]

Donald Trump: They gave it to the Taliban. They gave our military equipment, a big chunk of it, to the enemy. Do you know that we pay billions of dollars a year? Do you know this? Does anyone know this -- to Afghanistan? Do you know that? And I say, "If we're going to pay billions of dollars a year, tell them we're not going to give them the money unless they give back our military equipment that these poor, stupid people allowed -- allowed for them to have." So, we'll give them a couple of bucks.

Donald Trump: We want the military equipment back. We will rebuild our once great cities, including our capital in Washington, DC, making them safe, clean, and beautiful again. And we want to make this city again safe. We don't want people coming to Washington and getting mugged, shot, killed. We're going to stop it. Law enforcement -- and they have very good police here, but they have to be allowed to do their job.

Donald Trump: We're going to stop it. We're going to beautify it. We're going to make it the most beautiful capital in the world. We will teach our children to love our country, to honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: And we will get critical race theory and transgender insanity the hell out of our schools. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: And always remember, this is so easy. This will be done tomorrow. We will keep men out of women's sports. It's over. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: I will defend religious liberty, I will restore free speech, and I will defend the right to keep and bear arms. We're going to defend that world. After years of building up foreign nations, defending foreign borders, and protecting foreign lands, we are finally going to build up our country, defend our borders, and protect our citizens.

Donald Trump: And we will stop illegal immigration once and for all. We will not be invaded. We will not be occupied. We will not be overrun. We will not be conquered. We will be a free and proud nation once again. And that will take place tomorrow at 12 o'clock. Everyone in our country will prosper, everyone in our country will prosper, every family will thrive.

Donald Trump: And every day will be filled with opportunity and hope. And also filled with a thing called the American dream that you don't hear much about anymore. For the past nine years, you and I fought side by side against the most sinister and corrupt forces on earth. And in our magnificent victory on November 5th, you showed them once and for all that this nation does not belong to them.

Donald Trump: This nation belongs to you. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: From New York to Los Angeles, from Philadelphia to Phoenix, from Chicago to Miami, and from Houston to right here in Washington, DC, our country was won and built by generations of patriots who gave everything they had for our rights and for our freedom. They were farmers and soldiers, cowboys, and factory workers, steel workers, coal miners, police officers, and pioneers who pushed onward, marched forward, and let no obstacle stand in their path.

Donald Trump: Nothing could get in their way. Together, they laid down the railroads, raised up the skyscrapers, built the great highways, won two world wars, defeated fascism and communism, and launched American astronauts to the moon. It was hardworking patriots like you who built this country. And 75 days ago, on November 5th, it was hardworking patriots like you who saved our country.

Donald Trump: You saved our country. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: Now, after all we have been through together, we stand on the verge of the four greatest years in American history. With your help, we will restore America's promise, and we will rebuild the nation that we all love so much. We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. We will never give in. We will never give up. We will never back down, and we will never, ever, ever, ever surrender.

Donald Trump: We will fight, fight, fight, and we will win, win, win. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: And together, we will make America powerful again. We will make America wealthy again. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: We will make America healthy again. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: We will make America strong again. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: We will make America proud again. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: We will make America safe again. [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: And we will make America great again. [Audience calls out "Make America great again."]

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you very much. What a great victory for everybody. Thank you, America. Thank you very much. Thank you. [Audience chants "USA"]