Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-bedminster-nj-november-18-2016

Unidentified: Excuse me. Mr Trump would like to come in... President Elect trump would like to come in and say a few words.

Donald Trump: Thank you everybody. Thank you.

Donald Trump: What a rotten introduction that was. First of all you never say that I want to say.

Donald Trump: You say "I begged Mr. Trump to come down and say." Instead he goes "Mr. Trump would like to say a few words." He's actually telling the truth. So this is my real group.

Donald Trump: These are the people who came here at the beginning when nobody knew what this monster was going to turn out to be. Now if you come tomorrow, you'll be all over television because there's about 350 press outside So we're doing a lot of interviews tomorrow.

Donald Trump: Generals, dictators, we have everything. [Laughter] I just want to say it's very special, because I see all of you, I recognize, like 100 percent of you.

Donald Trump: Just about. Where's my man? Where's Bob? Where's Bob Greifeld? Come here.

Donald Trump: Come here. C'mere. Such a great guy. This guy used to be a shitty golfer.

Donald Trump: [Laughter] Come here Bob. Bring your family. Bring your wife. What a great family.

Donald Trump: Family is better than he is. But we were just talking about who we're going to pick for the SEC.

Donald Trump: Who we're going to pick for this... I said "Boy can you give me some recommendations.

Donald Trump: And he said "Boy I'd like to do that!" Anyway, I'll tell you what. Um, you are special people.

Donald Trump: This is a special place. And this is just the beginning.

Donald Trump: It's just the beginning. You have Richard Levine, who I've been waiting for 10 years...

Donald Trump: 10 years for him to win the club championship. [Applause] For 10 years I've been waiting.

Donald Trump: I've played with Richard, true story. And he shot a 72 the day before the club championship.

Donald Trump: And I said "Richard, you're gonna win it this year." And then I go back and I couldn't play because I was running for President, you know. [Laughter].

Donald Trump: I couldn't play. So, one of those things. But I wanted my man to win. So I go and we're playing the new course, right? And he's got to qualify.

Donald Trump: And he hit a little off drive on the first. And you know the second hole is like a little big tougher.

Donald Trump: The first one you have to go over the creek. So rather than letting up and taking his five, he said "I'm going for it." He rips out the 3 wood.

Donald Trump: So he goes 8, 8, 7. He goes quad, quad, and after that he played and even par.

Donald Trump: But it was a little bit rough. But we're waiting, Ricky, we're waiting Richard to win the club championship. That'll be a big night. That'll be a big, big night.

Donald Trump: And what about Doc? I've been talking about Doc winning the club championship for so long right? And I kept taking the senior club championship. I don't know.

Donald Trump: But Doc, I said "Doc" and then he blew one two years ago. He missed this big and it was a great putt.

Donald Trump: And I said "That's the end of Doc." Guy? And then he was 7 up. Where's Walsh? Is Walsh here? Oh, what happened to Walsh? He was seven up.

Donald Trump: Where is his better half? She's the better half. There's no doubt there.

Donald Trump: She's building a beautiful home. So Walsh is seven down. With seven holes to play. And I said Congratulations Doc, beautiful.

Donald Trump: That's the kiss of death by the way. Walsh wins seven holes in a row.

Donald Trump: They go to a playoff. If you didn't win that playoff, you would never be playing golf again.

Donald Trump: Because nobody ever lost... because after seven, it was seven up with seven holes and they went to a playoff.

Donald Trump: Right Mickey? Can you imagine if he lost? And he choked it on to the green. The second shot.

Donald Trump: And he was like standing over the hole, scared shitless. [Laughter] But he wanted...

Donald Trump: and then the next day he won, right? So he finally wanted to flub... I've been waiting for years for him to win.

Donald Trump: And I like him because he's a good putter, doesn't exactly hit it long, right? And thus we have something in common. But he's a great player.

Donald Trump: Then he won the senior, then he won the this, I mean, you've done great. So I'm proud of you.

Donald Trump: That's called coming back from adversity, right? So Doc, congratulations. And Mickey has been great.

Donald Trump: He's central casting, right? Mickey is central casting. You know Mike Davis comes up with the SGA.

Donald Trump: Is Mike Davis here, Mickey? Is he here? Oh look, Mickey, Mickey doesn't want him to say. And I'll sit with Mike.

Donald Trump: You know, I may talk with him four, five minutes. But after that, what's to talk about, right? Unlike Clinton where he could talk to somebody about golf for 45 minutes.

Donald Trump: With me it's five minutes. [Laughter] In the back of an airplane.

Donald Trump: So Mickey, I talked to Mike for four, five minutes. I'm shot after that.

Donald Trump: I've got nothing to talk about. I see Mike Davis, head of [inaudible].

Donald Trump: Great guy. He's talking to Mickey. I go play golf, I come back, he's still talking to Mickey. They talk for hours.

Donald Trump: Mickey is central casting. Are you happy Mickey? Huh? Come here Mickey.

Donald Trump: [Applause] So, do we want to keep him or do you want to get somebody younger or cheaper? I don't know. Even though he's got that little hit in the back swing? Remember when he had, I called it the airball.

Donald Trump: He'd hit the ball, he'd hit the driver a little bit over the top ? I said "Mickey, even..." And he played beautifully. But said "Even if you terribly, please don't swing like that." And he corrected it.

Donald Trump: Almost. 90 percent, right? 90 percent. Now [inaudible]. David has done a great job.

Donald Trump: Do we agree? Never a problem. Never a problem.

Donald Trump: So I took him from a club, was the Madison? Navisync [spelling]?I never heard of that club. How is that, a good memory? I remember that name from 12 years ago.

Donald Trump: I took him... how many years have you been here, David? Okay, where's Ashley Cooper, is he here? Ashley started as our chairman.

Donald Trump: He then went down to President. He then went down to acting president.

Donald Trump: He then went down to a member. And then we throw him out.

Donald Trump: No, went love Ashley. We love Ashley. You love Ashley, so do I. But we've had a good time with Ashley.

Donald Trump: But David was incredible, because I took him from Navisync [spelling] and I knew he was good. Because they had a riot at Navisync [spelling] People are calling me up, threatening me.

Donald Trump: Of course that was before I was the President [Laughter]. But they were threatening me.

Donald Trump: You had a good time right? And we all like you, David? And tell me, where is David going next week? Where are you going next week? To the White House. [Applause] David's going to prepare the White House so that it's in good shape so we can immediately start working on ISIS and various other things.

Donald Trump: [Applause] And he's going into the Oval Office He's going into the Oval Office, right? And you're going to make it beautiful, right? Alright, well, David's great. So, I, I just want to thank everybody.

Donald Trump: This has been a success from the day we built it. Really, a success from the day we built it.

Donald Trump: You are the special people. You were here before anyone knew it was going to be a success.

Donald Trump: So this is 10 years, actually some of you are here longer than 10 years. I guess this is a 10 years for those here 10 years or more.

Donald Trump: So how old is the exact date of the club? 2000? Wow. Can you believe it? Man, we're getting older folks, I hate to tell you.

Donald Trump: [Laughter] I just want... this man is a great guy.

Donald Trump: He keeps coming closer. I think he wants... you want to say something? I think he wants to say something.

Unidentified: I want to ask you who is the first member who said you should stand for the president of the club?

Donald Trump: You are. Very rich, successful [Inaudible] Where is Reince Preibus? The legendary Reince. They just gave him the power player of the week.

Donald Trump: Where is Reince? And you have back here... did anybody ever hear of Ivanka? Come here Reince, give me a Reince. Come up here.

Donald Trump: These members are loaded, Reince. Don't... listen , he will work the room for campaign contributions [Inaudible] He just got named by boxing everybody else as the player..

Donald Trump: The power player of the month. I said "what about me? I won the election." So say a few words, Reince.

Reince Priebus: Alright, so let's hear it for the President-elect, Donald Trump. You guys have been great, and David... We spent time out here on

Reince Priebus: debate prep, and then joined the club. But, it's just an honor to be here with the next president and the thing that he's

Reince Priebus: going to do to make this country great again.

Reince Priebus: What we want to do is that, in 20 years and 50 years for every American in this country, no matter who they are, what party, what race, what gender, to look back on this and say Donald Trump was the best president of the United States, what a great time this is. [Inaudible] [Applause].

Donald Trump: Really great. He has been terrific and a great friend, and a superstar. They all want Ivanka, come on Ivanka.

Donald Trump: Get over here. Jared, Jared, get over here, Jared. Jared's becoming more famous than me.

Donald Trump: Get over here Jared. Well Ivanka, you know most of the people, and they have their choice. They can be anywhere.

Donald Trump: This is where they like. This is where they got married, right? Say a few words, honey.

Ivanka Trump: Hi everyone. First of all, I know everyone in the room is proud of my father. But nobody more proud of me.

Ivanka Trump: So it's just incredible what he's done, and surreal in a certain way. So it's fun to be here.

Ivanka Trump: This first weekend I'd say you were here to relax but you're not really here to relax. But at least you're here.

Ivanka Trump: So, congratulations everyone on a celebration of the club and David, thank you for making this so comfortable for us and Mickey and everyone else, and really, Dad, congratulations. We're all so proud of you. [Applause].

Donald Trump: Thank you, and Jared, come here. This is the new superstar. Everybody knows Jared, he's here all the time. [Laughter]

Jared Kushner: [Crosstalk] I don't know how anyone could follow all these guys especially after my wife.

Jared Kushner: That's always a very hard thing, but it's, it's amazing to be here with all of you.

Jared Kushner: It's really been an incredible journey this past year and a half, and I really do have to give a lot of credit for what he's accomplished, and we're all very proud of him, and very excited, optimistic for what's coming ahead.

Jared Kushner: So, all these people are friends who've been with him for such a long time, and believed in everything and when things got tough along the way you were all here giving us support and, really, love.

Jared Kushner: And so it's so nice to be here celebrating with all of you this night so thank you. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Not bad, good job Jared. Hey, he's got a future. This one, of the great couples. Great great couples. So tomorrow we're here and Sunday we're here.

Donald Trump: We're going to be interviewing everybody. [Inaudible] We're going to be interviewing Secretary of State. We have everybody coming in.

Donald Trump: And, we're going to have... and I don't know if you want to come around, but if want, it's going to be unbelievable.

Donald Trump: It's going to be an unbelievable day. So you might want to come along. And it's going to be a nice day tomorrow for golf, Mickey, I hear, right?

Donald Trump: Like, 61, 62 degrees. So it's going to be a nice day. So it'll be fun. You'll see the press in their glory. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: Like, we emptied out the entire parking lot because that's how many cameras, so you may want to come around. It'll be a lot of fun.

Donald Trump: But seriously, I want to thank all of you. You are the originals of this club. This club is a tremendous place , it's a tremendous... you know I go anywhere and do this, and we want to do it here. Reince actually said we should go to your club in Bedminster.

Donald Trump: It has such a good feeling. And this is where I prepared the debates. And this is where we had great victories, and you know we just... it was really good.

Donald Trump: It was really good. [Applause] So Reince and all of the political people said rather than staying in Manhattan we should come out here, and, so we're really working tomorrow.

Donald Trump: All day long we have meetings, every 15-20 minutes, we have meetings with different people that will form our government.

Donald Trump: So, it's a very very, you know, important period of time.

Donald Trump: I want to thank you all, go back to having a good time. You are special special friends and people. Enjoy yourselves. Go on. Go on. Thank you everybody. Thank you.