Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-leaked-audio-governors-phone-call-june-1-2020

Donald Trump: [In Progress] The situation that's going on. It shouldn't be hard to take care of and we're going to take care of it. And we've got a number of people here that you'll be seeing a lot of -- General Milley is here. He's Head of Joint Chiefs of Staff, a fighter, a warrior, won a lot of victories and no losses.

Donald Trump: Amazed to see the way it's being handled in the various States and I've just put him in charge. The Attorney General is here, right here, Bill Barr. And we will activate Bill Barr and activate him very strongly. We're strongly -- our Secretary of Defense is here. We're strongly looking for arrests. But you have to get much tougher.

Donald Trump: You're going to get overridden. I know Governor Wells is on the phone and we spoke, and I fully agree with the way he handled it the last couple of days. I asked him to do that. Get a lot of men. We have all the men and women that you need. People aren't calling them up. You have to dominate. If you don't dominate, you're wasting your time.

Donald Trump: They're going to run over you. You're going to look like a bunch of jerks. You have to dominate and you have to arrest people and you have to try people, and they have to go to jail for long periods of time. I saw what happened in Philadelphia. I saw what happened in Dallas where they kicked the guy to death.

Donald Trump: I don't know if he died or not, but if he did, this -- it's a miracle what they did to him. They were kicking him. Like, I've never seen anything like it in my life. People don't talk about that. They don't talk about that. They're talking about a lot of other things but they don't talk about it. But I saw what happened in Dallas and those kids are all on camera.

Donald Trump: They're wise guys. It's coming from the radical left. You know it, everybody knows it but it's also looters, and it's people that figure they can get free stuff by running into stores and running out with television sets. I saw it. A kid has a lot of stuff. He puts it in the back of a brand new car and drives off.

Donald Trump: You have every one of these guys on tape, why aren't we prosecuting them? Now, the harder you are, the tougher you are, the less likely it is going to be. And there's a movement. We found out the delivering supplies to various places -- in various states. You people know about it now but we found out many things.

Donald Trump: It's like a movement. And it's a movement that if you don't put it down, it'll get worse and worse. This is like Occupied Wall Street. It was a disaster. Until one day somebody said that's enough and they just wiped them out. And it's the last time I've heard the name Occupied Wall Street until today when I heard about it. I heard Occupied Wall Street.

Donald Trump: I hadn't heard about it. It's a disaster. Until one day somebody said that's enough. And they just wiped them out and it's the last time that I've heard the name Occupied Wall Street until today when I heard about it. I heard Occupied Wall Street. I haven't heard about it. I heard about it today for the first time in a long time.

Donald Trump: They were there for -- forever it seemed on Wall Street. They closed up Wall Street, the financial district of the world and they had total domination. They were ordering pizzas, they were -- nobody did anything. And then one day, somebody said that's enough. You get them out of there within two hours and it was -- it was bedlam for an hour.

Donald Trump: And then after that, everything was beautiful. And that was the last time we heard about it. But these are the same people. These are radicals and they're -- they're anarchists. They are anarchists whether you like it or not. I know some of you guys are different persuasion and that's OK. I fully understand that.

Donald Trump: I understand both. I'm for everybody. I'm representing everybody. I'm not representing radical right, radical left. I'm representing everybody. But you have to know what you're dealing with and it's happened before, it's happened numerous times. And the only time it's successful is when you're weak and most of you are weak.

Donald Trump: And I will say this, what's going on in Los Angeles. My friend lives in Los Angeles, they say all the storefronts are gone. They're all broken and gone. The merchandise is gone. It's a shame. I -- it didn't look as bad as that I mean. Maybe it was the sunshine. I don't know. But in Los Angeles, storefronts are gone.

Donald Trump: Philadelphia's a mess. Philadelphia, what happened there is horrible and that was on television. They're breaking into stores and nobody showed up to stop them. There was no -- nobody showed up to stop them. Now Washington, they had large groups, very large groups. They attacked the AFL-CIO building. So they attacked theaters and friends which is very interesting.

Donald Trump: But Washington was under good -- very good control but we're going to have it under much more control. We're pouring in. We're going to pour in thousands of people. We were under guard of the D.C. Police, the Mayor, the Mayor of Washington D.C. And Secret Service did a very good job around the White House.

Donald Trump: But they're -- their sole -- their primary function is around the White House. But -- and we're going to clamp down very, very strong. But you've got to arrest people, you have to try people, you have to put them in jail for 10 years and you'll never see this stuff again, and you have to let them know that.

Donald Trump: They're trying to get people out on bail in Minneapolis. I understand they're really trying to get all these guys out on bail. So, you have them on tape, you have them on television -- in history, there's never been anybody taped so much committing a crime. You have these guys throwing rocks. I mean you can see their face, they show them -- they showed them last night on one of those stations or one of the networks throwing a big brick and they had it in slow motion, slow-motion replay.

Donald Trump: They put him like -- he's like a fielder catching a ball or throwing a ball. There have been slow-motion replay. You see exactly who he is, everybody knows you, find out exactly. You have everybody on tape. You've got to arrest all those people and you got to try them. And if they get five years or 10 years, they have to get five years or 10 years because it'll build retribution.

Donald Trump: So, I say that and the way it's dominated -- if you don't dominate your city and your state, they're going to walk away with you. And we're doing it in Washington D.C. We're going to do something that people haven't seen before. But you're going to have total domination and then you have to put them in jail and you have to authorize whatever it is, whoever it is you authorized.

Donald Trump: And with that, I'll let Bill Barr say a few words and then I'll have General Milley speak. Let's go, Bill.

William Barr: All right. I know the situations vary around the country but it seems that some of the common dimensions are -- you have the normal protesters, you have the opportunistic people like looters. But in many places, if not most places, you have this ingredient of extremist anarchist types, agitators who are driving the violence.

William Barr: Law enforcement response is not going to work unless we dominate the streets as the President said. We have to control the streets. If you see, these are demonstrations. The police are in back guarding places that don't have the dynamic ability to go out and arrest the troublemakers. They're just standing in the line watching the events and when they disperse the crowds, the crowds go running off in different directions and create havoc and looting and other things.

William Barr: We have to control the crowds and not react to what's happening on the street and that requires a strong presence. In many places, we think it will require the National Guard and when there's a strong presence, [Inaudible] presence to defend building but a strong President's to -- presence to control the crowd.

William Barr: Things are quieting down as in Minneapolis. Some places may not find the National Guard. I think that New Jersey so far has been doing a very good job working with the State police, Newark police, and we'll see what happened there. But the key is you have to have adequate force. That freeze up law enforcement, including federal law enforcement, working with your State and local law enforcement to be more dynamic and to go after the troublemakers, to go after the guys who are painting the bricks and the Molotov cocktails and very few people are running around lighting fires.

William Barr: They have to be taken off the street and arrested in the process. The structure we're going to use is the joint terrorist task force which I know most of you are familiar with. A tried and true system. It's worked for domestic homegrown terrorists and we'll require that model. It already integrates your state and local people and its intelligence-driven and it will go operational.

William Barr: That's -- we want to lean forward and charge federally, anyone who violates a federal law in connection with this violence. But we need to have people in control of the streets to go out and work with law enforcement, state or local law enforcement to identify these people in the crowds, isolate them, and pull them out and prosecute them.

Donald Trump: So, the best example I alluded to a couple of seconds ago, is Minneapolis. It was incredible. What happened in the state of Minnesota, they were a laughingstock all over the world. They took over the Police department. The police were running down the street, sirens blazing, the rest of them running. It was on camera.

Donald Trump: And then they went down -- you probably have to build a new one, but I've never seen anything like it, and the whole world was laughing. Two days, three days later, I spoke to the Governor and the Governor's -- I take on the call and he -- he's an excellent guy. And all of a sudden, and I said you got to use the National Guard and take numbers.

Donald Trump: They didn't at first, then, they did. And I'll tell you that -- I don't know what it was -- it was Governor. It was the third night, fourth night. Those guys worked through that stuff like it was butter. They walked right through and you haven't had any problems since. I mean, they know. They're not going to go there now.

Donald Trump: They'll go to some other place. But once you call that and you dominate it, you took the worst place and you made it -- they didn't even cover it last night because there was so little action. Because you dominated, you dominated. Now what happens in New York, I have to say, I live in Manhattan. What's going on in Manhattan, I have no idea.

Donald Trump: New York's finest, they got to be allowed, maybe, to do their jobs. I don't know what's happening in Manhattan but it's terrible. And because it's New York because it's Manhattan, it gets a lot of press. So, they -- they really spent a lot of time on it. But New York is going to have to toughen up and we'll send you National Guard if you want.

Donald Trump: You have the largest police force in the country, 40,000 people, I understand. But what's going on in New York is terrible. It's terrible. Of all the places. What went on last night in Los Angeles with the stores and the storefronts, it's terrible. No domination. You have to dominate. Yeah. Go ahead, Bill.

William Barr: Something the President said though reminded me, the reason we have to control the streets is not just to bring peace to that town but give us the opportunity to get the bad apples because they are going to go elsewhere. We're taking up information and when they run into a tough time with a strong Police force and National Guard, they're looking for secondary targets in cities that can go on overwhelm our police forces.

William Barr: So in several of your states, that's what we're hearing. So, that's why it's so imperative. We can't take [Inaudible]. We have to take out the professional instigators and a leadership group. And the way you do that is to start with a strong statement in the major cities.

Donald Trump: If you're weak and don't dominate your streets, they're you going to stay with you until you finally do it and you don't want that. Philadelphia, you've got to toughen up because what's going on in Philadelphia like New York is terrible, it's terrible. You've got to toughen up and they're going to leave.

Donald Trump: And then, you want to say, well, let's call up the Guard or let's call up 200 people. You've got a big National Guard out there that's ready to come in and fight like hell. I tell you, the best of what they did in Minneapolis was incredible. They went in and dominated and it happened immediately. All of a sudden, My wife says to me, wow, look at all those people.

Donald Trump: They got out. They were wearing dark black uniforms. They got up and they got up, and they were there in thousands and they just walked right down the streets knocking them out with tear gas, tear gas -- those guys, they were running and the next night, it was much less. And then, the next night, it's like -- you know what happened?

Donald Trump: They went to other cities. They're all looking for weak spots. Now, what they're going to do is they're going to search out for, perhaps, smaller cities, smaller places. You've got to arrest these people. You've got to arrest these people and you've got a charge them. And you can't do the deal with a one week in jail.

Donald Trump: These are terrorists. These are terrorists. They're looking to do bad things to our country. They're in deep and they're radical left. And the reason you have other radicals is because they've been watching this for years, many years, and they don't like it. And go back and study Occupy Wall Street. Because you'll see the way that ends, it was a thing of beauty.

Donald Trump: Everybody sort of can't believe how easy it was. It was an hour of bedlam. And when it was all over, it was a beautiful thing. And that's the way it has to end for you. All right. The Secretary of Defense.

Mark T. Esper: And thank you, Mr. President. I'd like to go on your comments and Attorney General's comments to give some quick stats. So, of course, the Department of Defense remains in full support of state -- the State, the Governors, The Department of the Justice and Federal Law Enforcement. Right now, we have 70,000 folks deployed in the National Guard in 29 states.

Mark T. Esper: And I will tell you, the bulk of the states have fewer than 200 people, fewer than 200 people deployed in the bulk of the states to call up their Guards. So, as the President and the AG rightly pointed out, Minneapolis, Minnesota has done a fantastic job. By Saturday morning, after the chairman and some Chief of Staffs and I spoke to the Governor, they increased their presence tenfold.

Mark T. Esper: And I think, the evidence was -- it was clear come Saturday night and Sunday night. And so, at my urging, I agree, we need to dominate the battlespace yet fewer resources in the guard. I stand ready, the Chairman stands ready, deployment of the National Guard stands ready to support you in terms of helping mobilize the Guard in doing what they need to do. Again, most of the Guard is not being called up. There's only a few states that -- I count two states for more than a thousand troops have being called up. I think the sooner they do mass and dominate the battlespace, the quicker this dissipates and we can get back to the right normal.

Donald Trump: Sure. I don't know what it is politically when you don't want to call out people. They're ready, willing, and able, and they want to fight for the country. I don't know what it is. So, they have read it to me but it takes so long to call them up. We're waiting for you. We're shocked in certain areas, L.A. We're shocked that they're not using the greatest resource you can use and they're trained for this stuff and they're incredible.

Donald Trump: Why you're not calling them though, I don't know. But you're making a mistake because you're making yourself look like -- look like fools. And some have done a great job and a lot of you is not good -- it's very bad for our country. You know when other countries watch this, they're watching us and they say, boy, they're really a pushover, and we can't be a pushover.

Donald Trump: And you have all the resources. It's not like you don't have the resources. So, I don't know what you're doing. With textbook questions, if you want. I think -- Tim is on the phone now, Tim Walz. Again, I was very happy with the last couple of days, Tim. You called up big numbers and the big numbers knocked them out so fast.

Donald Trump: It was like bowling pins. All right. Everybody, it's -- I guess, it's hashtag too, right? Hashtag too. So, I guess, the Governors on audio, Governors or any -- hashtag too. Anybody want to speak? Brian is up there. Brian, you want to speak? Georgia, Brian Kemp.

Brian Kemp: All right. Good morning, Mr. President. I may just give you a quick update. I'll try to do this as fast as I can from -- starting with Friday night. We have been talking to the city of Atlanta in preparations to support peaceful protest but also the lives and the property of the citizens in Atlanta and around the State of Georgia.

Brian Kemp: But also, we have the mindset to take strong actions against the disruptors. We had 500 Guard called up and ready to support, as well as, the whole team we had in our state operations center which we activated. We had the Georgia State Patrol, the Georgia National Guard, the Department of Natural -- Natural Resource Team of Rangers.

Brian Kemp: And then, we used our Department of Corrections, Department of the Juvenile Justice, the Department of Community Supervision. They all have certified officers too. Those have incident response teams as they used to call prison disruptions and this worked really good. And it is now -- we had all of those teams staying in Back of Hill.

Brian Kemp: Friday night, it became evident that APD needed our help and we went in there, and I think, did a good job in a really tough situation to calm things down. And then Saturday, we work with their whole team. We had our people in their operations center. So, we had constant communications and I was in a State Ops center all three nights for a very long time.

Brian Kemp: So, I got to see this firsthand and that coordination that we were able to have with the locals, with the Guards, the State Patrol, and all our other resources, as well as, having surveillance of in the air, especially, Saturday night was -- it was awesome. And we had a lot of people that is the right thing.

Brian Kemp: We supported them in the peaceful protest and when the curfew hit, they went home and what we saw was a disruptors stay. And so, you knew those were the people that we were going to have to deal with and that's what we did over the weekend. Just two other things real quick. We did see in Savannah last night, we were getting intel that a lot of these instigators in Charleston, South Carolina on Saturday night were coming to Savannah on last night.

Brian Kemp: So we were watching for that. We've got in place early so the Attorney General was correct in saying we could watch those folks as you knew were professionals if you will. We knew that they were office supplies and area parks. We were surveilling that. They ended up moving those because they figured out we were watching them.

Brian Kemp: And just because I think we were there early and really didn't -- those same people, those all came down. I don't think she'll be arrested, ten people. The first person they arrested was from out of state. The last thing I would say is a Georgia National Guard medic team most likely saved the Atlanta police officer's life last night when he got ran about, disruptor on a four-wheeler, and they could have turned it to them and helped get the hospital, and it was great to see that.

Brian Kemp: So thank you for your support of the guard.

Donald Trump: OK. Thank you, Brian, very much. And you did a good job that it looked like Atlanta was a much different place with a little time. So that's good. That first night was pretty rough. Tim Walz, I don't know if you'd left Jeff for your conference, and they have a conference, you were the one that didn't have a conference.

Donald Trump: He's in there because I'd like to maybe have him explain the difference between the beginning and the end, and then come back. Tim, are you there?

Tim Walz: I -- Thank you, Mr. President. I want to get to the back and center and ask for General Milley for your -- for your strategic guidance. Very helpful. Yeah, I thought our city is grieving and in pain, and I would just say that as far as the potential for peaceful protesters who are expressing a -- an outrage, that that is real.

Tim Walz: They witnessed [Inaudible] of a man dying in front of them. That part of it then of course sparked the civil unrest where there were actors. And I would like to believe they were all out of state here in Minnesota, but they're not. They're homegrown. This was an issue that just happened with Minneapolis Police Department.

Tim Walz: But once that started to skim the idea that when you saw this happen in the first few days, I don't believe anybody would have had a big enough force to do this. For me, mobilize them into Thursday and Friday, I had mobilized, as the President was saying, our Secretary has been saying, about 750 to a thousand is what we could get a National Guard on to the scene with one of our biggest mobilizations in state history for civil rights or civil disobedience.

Tim Walz: And we were still overwhelmed. At that point in time, I did step beyond the unprecedented. I mobilized the entire Minnesota National Guard. And that's what the President was alluding to, what the size of the force was capable. But I think, again, Mr. President, I hope you asked, I'm explaining it, that I will just say that they're going to be very difficult.

Tim Walz: There are bad actors in this but there is such a legitimate anger. And here, our problems is going to be if we cannot maintain this impartial, we do not have the resources to maintain the posture, and we're going to have to transition back. Our real dilemma here is transition back as to the catalyst that sparked this across the country, and that was what happened with the Minneapolis Police Department.

Tim Walz: Until we get that, a lot of these things you saw yesterday was engaging civic leaders and the peaceful protest. And I would just close with, I think, the Guard, you got to get a handle on it with that force and that is absolutely correct. And then the transition in the next stage is trying to get those phases for the peaceful protest.

Tim Walz: And Americans would do things that we have to look at by providing good reforms. And in truces of field, goods destroyed, that was a strategy that I'm still hopeful for it to be avoided. Thus, the truck speeding down the highway caused thousands of protesters, at that time you do not know, that was a fuel truck, whether it was going to be intentional.

Tim Walz: As it turned out it was a confused and scared driver who didn't want to leave the interstate, went into that. And as he started, he was pulled out of the vehicle. Some of you recall the horrific events during Rodney King. But the truck driver last night, when he's under arrest and he was interviewed, he's scared that that crowd, the vast majority, and protect get him and pulled him in, which de-escalated the situation.

Tim Walz: And as the President said, last night was all quite low. So, thank you for that.

Donald Trump: But Tim, it showed the incredible difference between your great state yesterday and the day before compared to the first few days which was just a little late --

Tim Walz: Absolutely, absolutely.

Donald Trump: And police force and taken over. And I don't blame you, I blame the Mayor. I mean, I've never seen anything like it where the police were told to abandon the police house and it was ransacked and really destroyed. Millions and millions of dollars are going to have to go back to fix it. I don't know. If you have --

Tim Walz: Mr. President, the fund is still on, the one thing I would say. I spent 24 years in the Guard. The one thing I would say is that you could do here, a lot of people don't understand where the National Guard is. And you need to get out there from a PR perspective and make sure that it's not seen as an occupying force, but it's their neighbors, school teachers, business owners, those types of things.

Tim Walz: That's what really affected them.

Donald Trump: OK. Good. I think it's a good idea. I must say you -- it does feel bad two nights ago that the people wouldn't have minded an occupying force. I wish we had an occupying force in there, but for some reason, I don't know what it is, Governors don't like calling up a lot of the Guard. We have thousands and thousands of people waiting to be called up. Is that a correct statement, General?

Mark Milley: 350,000.

Donald Trump: 350,000. We have 350,000 and they called up. 200,000 ended at the fist night, which wasn't exempt. What happened is after that he said, let's go. And I'll tell you, it was like magic. There's thousands of people all of a sudden. You know when I just walk into this, I say, it was like -- it was like a beautiful thing to see.

Donald Trump: But when 350,000 plus in the National Guard and nobody wants to use them. And their cities are ransacked. And they're a disgrace all over the world. All over the world, they're showing it. What happened in Los Angeles with this conference, Philadelphia, and New York was a disaster. I don't understand what happened to the New York's Finest.

Donald Trump: I don't understand it. But there's nothing wrong with New York calling up the National Guard. There's nothing wrong with it. All right. Thank you very much, Tim. Go ahead. Next, please. Hashtag too. Tim, would you want to say something before I --

Tim Walz: So Mr. President, while we wait on the Governor of [Inaudible]. When you mentioned about the Guard. We've done various types over here from 1960s riots to the rising change in all circles. The introduction of the National Guard in force on the streets and in civil disobedience, civil rights, civil unrest proved to be a very calming effect.

Tim Walz: Mass matters, numbers matters, and that's what you saw in Minnesota. So when I talked to the Governor on the [Inaudible] Governor, and to his credit, he mobilized the entire Minnesota Corp. Mass matters. And you're dominating the battlespace, I mean fixed sites, fixed sites security at key points on the ground.

Tim Walz: And you have the police as mobile forces, community arresting, and law enforcement. It's a very effective technique. It's been used for years in the past. We have activated the National Guards in support of civil authorities. On average for civil disturbances is one every three years for the last 100 years.

Tim Walz: So, it's a very effective technique, strongly encouraged to mobilize and start alerting today, as many guards as you think you need in order to establish law and order in various cities. Fifty-five cities had proved that's -- 54, 55 cities held protests in the last 24 hours and 22 of them were violent, at moderate-to-severe levels, but the rest were peaceful.

Tim Walz: The rest were peaceful because there was good law and order on the streets. So, strongly encouraged to use the National Guard to get as many boots on the ground as you can muster.

Donald Trump: So, we automatically have our experiment and that's -- I hate to say it in Minnesota. You have the first part, which was a weak and pathetic and you had the second part with this domination. And those guys probably have largely left their guns to one of your cities or one of your states because they're not getting anywhere in Minnesota anymore.

Donald Trump: So you have that perfect contrast of Minnesota Phase 1, Minnesota Phase 2. It's a beautiful thing to watch. It just can't be any better. There's no experiment needed. You know, that's a good test. All right. Go ahead. Hashtag too, please. Anybody?

Unidentified: Governor Mills, your line is now open.

Janet Mills: Mr. President, this is Janet Mills, Governor of the great State of Maine. Thank you for the call and information. And thank you, Attorney General Barr, and Mr. Secretary and General -- I have two questions and one comment, perhaps. One is you enter -- you mentioned -- somebody mentioned some intelligence regarding the sort of the protest and the bad actors and professional instigators.

Janet Mills: As a prosecutor for more and 20 years in the State of Maine and former Attorney General and the former District Attorney for three counties, it will be very interesting in knowing the in-count so that we can prepare in advance for any insurgency from any professional instigators. We haven't seen that yet in my State that I know of but I would love to the intel that your peers clearly have access to, regarding who these individuals are, whoever bad actors and professional instigators.

Janet Mills: Secondly, Attorney General Barr, you mentioned reacting for several violations of federal law and charging people federally. I would be interested to know what federal statute we would rely on for viol -- for prosecutions, a record prosecutions for violations of federal law, and those are my questions. And my comment is, Mr. President, I'm very concerned, quite frankly, that we understand you may be coming to the State of Maine later this week.

Janet Mills: I'm very concerned that your presence may cause security problems for our State. We don't have them yet. So I'm concerned about that. Thank you.

Donald Trump: All right. We'll look into that. We have a tremendous crowd of people showing up as you know. And I think, most of them are very favorable. They like their President, but we'll talk to you about that certainly. As far as intelligence, we do have intelligence information and we'll present it to the appropriate people.

Donald Trump: I'd like to turn that around though. If you hear anything, let us know. Report it to the Attorney General.

Janet Mills: Of course, but I -- do we not need appropriate [Inaudible] to that information? I would really like to have it. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Or we -- or by the way, I really think so. You know, you can prosecute very easily. Frankly, more easily. But if you prosecute, the level work with that very rapidly. Bill, go ahead.

William Barr: Yeah. Obviously, we're going to -- we will be sharing intelligence with all of our state local partners through the joint terrorist task forces. So if it's important to Maine, we would direct your way through that ASAP. And I know your people is highly after that. As to the federal offenses, there are many different federal offenses I think that emerge in riot and situations.

William Barr: Two of the most common are anybody who crossed the state lines, escaped, right, a federal offence. To incite, participate in, to encourage and so forth. Or anyone who uses any intrastate facility including telecommunications, vehicles, roads, whatever, in connection with participating in urging way. Those are true federal offences commonly committed in the state.

William Barr: There's so many others, destructive devices, and conspiracies, and other things like that.

Donald Trump: So Phil Murphy did a very good job in New Jersey, which is interesting because you had very little problem. You did call up a lot of good law enforcement, and you have a lot of good law enforcement. Phil, I think you're there, Phil Murphy.

Phil Murphy: Mr. President, can you hear me?

Donald Trump: Yes.

Phil Murphy: Good morning to each of you. Honored to be with you. Yeah. We had about 30 protests over the weekend. And the Attorney General said exactly right, the biggest one was at Newark because there was about 30 and we got a 28 out of 30. There was some disturbances on both Atlantic City at Trenton. But by the tale, we don't always see on television.

Phil Murphy: These were, while unfortunate, were not big scale of that. We've got no philosophical issue whatsoever due to the backing of the National Guard. It just so happens troops aren't far. Two percent of the state releases [Inaudible] they could use a local police. We've been able to keep a tough business within our range to the par.

Phil Murphy: We've seen about nine, looks like nine were at least scheduled for today. At least the organizers are explaining that these are people, the nature of -- we're going to make sure that the police are there to ensure [Inaudible] protect the community, allow folks to secure -- express their protest, which we have no issue with.

Phil Murphy: We just want to make sure it's peaceful. But so far, so good, Mr. President, I want to check [Inaudible] but so far, so good.

Donald Trump: All right. I appreciate it very much. Really good and congratulations so far. I have to say so far. Keep it going. All right. Doug Ducey, is Doug in place?

Doug Ducey: OK. Thank you very much, Mr. President. Yesterday, we met with community leaders from around the state, heard all of their concerns. I know that we can do better both statewide and federally as well. Now Phoenix is our fifth-largest metropolitan area in the entire country and we've learned some lessons over the last three days.

Doug Ducey: First, a more aggressive approach does work. We want our peaceful protesters to be able to exercise their First Amendment rights. We had a tough time after the sun went down figuring out who was the peaceful protester and who was the person that was going to cause trouble, destroy property, or begin violent actions.

Doug Ducey: I put out a statewide emergency yesterday and we put out a statewide curfew before 8 p.m., and we did that because of what we saw the night before. Phoenix Police Department, Department of Public Safety did a great job stopping the unlawful part of the protest came right at us. But it's morphed into Scottsdale, was rumored to go to Chandler, or to the west side.

Doug Ducey: So, we put out the statewide curfew, we called off the National Guard in force. We got all of our Mayors, all of our Police Chiefs on board, and last night was a very quiet and peaceful night in the State of Arizona.

Donald Trump: That's what I saw. I saw that, big difference. Good job, Doug. Thank you very much.

Doug Ducey: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Great job. Big difference. All right. John Bel Edwards, John Bel, are you there?

John Bel Edwards: Mr. President, first of all, thank you very much for the meeting and for the call. We've had about a dozen protests. I think at [Inaudible] about two arrests of individuals. It's been relatively peaceful here. We have engaged the African-American community primarily but also leaders across the State of Louisiana.

John Bel Edwards: We've been able to respond thus far with the Chief Police Departments, The Sheriff's Offices, and the various parishes and the State Police. Obviously, we have the National Guard here and we can use them as necessary. We have, and particularly the Guard in force, we went through in 2016, the several weeks of very heavy protest.

John Bel Edwards: All of our police were peaceful. And so, we kept up those communications with the various communities, and thus far, we're in good shape after this. And we know that in 2016, most of the problems came from people who were bussed in from out of state and was not local, homegrown folks who were the most violent and extremists on our streets.

John Bel Edwards: And so, that's why we can get some help from the federal government. As you all know, that there are individuals or groups out there that are intending to target Louisiana in terms of coming in, that would be very, very helpful. We were monitoring the Internet. We have our fusion center and so forth. But if -- Mr. Attorney General, if you pick up on information like that that will be very helpful if you share it with.

Donald Trump: Good. I appreciate that very much. Likewise though, if you have information as to groups. For instance, we had information last night, we got it, where they're going to be loading in certain states. They're going to be loading. It's like a military operation. In certain states, we've already notified them.

Donald Trump: But they're going to be loading, that's like -- like we're talking about a war, which it is a war in a certain sense. And we're going to end it fast. So keep up. Thanks very much, John Bel. Larry Hogan, please, Maryland.

Larry Hogan: Yeah. Mr. President thank you very much. First of all, I want to thank you for agreeing to our request on extending [Inaudible] title 32. It couldn't be more timely without talking about -- everybody calling up the National Guard. And I couldn't agree more with all the things that you've said. We had this experience -- exactly what you're recommending.

Larry Hogan: The state police involved more were somewhat overwhelmed but within a matter of hours, we served 4,000 members of the National Guard and 1,000 additional police officers. We outnumbered the protesters. And immediately calm down the violence after the first few hours and then just allow peaceful protest for the rest of the week.

Larry Hogan: I think bringing up enough manpower is not letting anybody be overpowered the way they have been the past few days. This is exactly the right thing. We've got thirteen hundred members of the Guard called up now. We haven't had any issues or problems yet. It's been mostly peaceful. I think because they're at this point may be a frenzied action in Baltimore but we're watching to see if it breaks out again.

Larry Hogan: But on the -- I have called many of the governors, talking with all across the country. Everybody is saying the same thing about these out-of-town agitators.

Larry Hogan: So federal -- federal charges with the U.S. attorneys go into federal court, hearing, and intelligence all that I think is very very helpful. So we do appreciate all the efforts. Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, Larry. They are professional anarchists in many cases and they're leading a group of a lot more [Inaudible] than them. These are easily-led people [Inaudible] and others point out.

Larry Hogan: Mr. President, we had those in Baltimore in 2015. This is not new like you pointed out, Occupy Wall Street. We had a lot of peaceful demonstrators back in 2015. I've only been governor for 90 days. But troublemakers were all from out of town, all organized professional agitators. That was the same group or different groups but they were former Occupy Wall Street folks back then.

Donald Trump: That's right. That's right. And you know when they have bricks, you know, they come armed with bricks. And they have bricks and rocks, big rocks, and they have other things and they throw them. You know, you're allowed to fight back. You don't have to have a brick in the face and you don't do anything about it.

Donald Trump: Now, I'm not asking my attorney general. Perhaps you'll stop me from saying that but I would think Phil that if a brick is thrown to somebody and it someone or maybe if it doesn't hit him, the -- your -- your very tough, strong, powerful people are allowed to fight back against that guy, and very strongly, apparently, that's what I think.

Donald Trump: I saw when they did to the [Inaudible] in Dallas and that was a disgrace. That was a disgrace. That could've been stopped. I've never seen anybody take such punishment and I don't know, I guess, maybe he's not gonna live. But they saw what happened. I saw what happened to that kid. I've never seen -- Nobody talks about it. How many even mention it?

Larry Hogan: We --

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] it can't happen but I know when you're doing well because I haven't seen Maryland on television and that's good when you're not on television. They're only --

Larry Hogan: We don't want to be on television again but, yeah, what you're talking about with the injuries. We had iron 37 police and firefighters injured in the first few hours of that disturbance in 2015. We sent in the guard and all those police officers and we had a single person was hurt for the rest of the week and more violence.

Larry Hogan: So, powerful forces, we're showing restraint but I think showing those troops people start to scatter.

Donald Trump: Good. Well, thank you very much, Larry. That's good. Hashtag two, if anyone wants to call in, hashtag two.

Operator: Governor Polis.

Donald Trump: Yes. Go ahead.

Jim Justice: Mr. President, can you hear me. It's Jim Justice, West Virginia.

Donald Trump: Yes, I can, Jim.

Jim Justice: All I would say to you is if -- if it comes to passes at some state we'd rather -- you didn't come there, you come to West Virginia because you're a [Inaudible] here and we'll protect you in every way and there won't be any disturbance whatsoever. You know when it really boils right down to it we've had some really peaceful protest were welcome then but absolutely we're not gonna have a problem here because, first and foremost, I'm not gonna put up with it. First, no way.

Jim Justice: There is no way. Instantaneously, we will call in a guard or do whatever we gotta do. But I am just [Inaudible] like you and I am not gonna put up with this.

Donald Trump: Well, that sounds a lot different than the governor's name and that's very good. You know, [Inaudible] talked me out of it. Now I think she probably talked me into it. She just doesn't understand me very well but that's OK. Thank you very much. I appreciate it very much, Jim. You know, we have a situation now.

Donald Trump: We're thinking about calling a number of you with flag burning. I'm not a -- I'm not a believer in flag burning and I would think that if a state wanted and try and pass a law, you don't go out to burn flags with a certain punishment, strong punishment.

Donald Trump: Now, I think flag burning is a disgrace. In Paris last time, as you know, I guess that's what a lot of people want. It passed five to four. And we have a different court. And I think that it's time to review that again because we're raising flags being burned. They wanted to crawl up flag poles in Washington and try and burn flags but we stopped and they weren't able to do it. But they would have done it and we didn't stop them.

Donald Trump: I think it's time that we look at that issue. Hopefully the Supreme Court will accept that. But if you have a state where you feel strongly, and many of you do, most of you do, I bet. If you wanted to try and pass a very powerful flag-burning statute again and that flag burning, I hope you do it because we'll back you 100%, all the way.

Donald Trump: And I hope some of you do it. All right. Go ahead. Hashtag two, please.

Operator: Governor Polis, your line is now open.

Donald Trump: Hey, Jared.

Jared Polis: [Inaudible] This is Jared Polis. Am I on? [Inaudible] Yeah. So we're not -- In Colorado, we sort of want to [Inaudible] the fact because we were able to use the National Guard and they're very amazing folks. I want to thank you for renewing their service. You know, as you know, they can't be on [Inaudible] to get their benefits.

Jared Polis: So we owe that to them. They're -- [Inaudible coronavirus, for defending our cities. It's -- it's all incredibly important. I just want to add the public health side to this. One of the things we did is we distributed masks to some of the peaceful protesters. I don't know if others have that experience but, obviously, we're concerned that the size of the gatherings some would social distance, some weren't but I encourage [Inaudible] that message we are also testing -- community testing clinics are freely available.

Jared Polis: We spend the criteria. Anybody who went to the peaceful protest can get tested next weekend for our incubation period. But we're all worried that the president can do some kind of setback, you know, to reopen with everything going on because, you know, tens of thousands of people some of which were doing social distancing some of which weren't.

Jared Polis: Obviously, we're using the -- the National Guard and protecting ourselves and we just have a handful of arrests. We don't see a large scale infiltration that we do see from people that wanted to use these protests to promote their own agenda, an anarchy or whatever it is. [Inaudible] So I just wanted to pass along that [Inaudible] and encourage [Inaudible] in the response to [Inaudible.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, Governor. Thank you. It's great to have you at the White House last week too. Henry McMaster. I think I hear Henry McMaster on the line. He's talking to his people, which I think is much more important than talking to us, Henry. Because I know we're going to get -- You get them ready.

Donald Trump: You get them ready. Yes, sir, go ahead.

Henry McMaster: Thank you, Mr. President. [Inaudible] was saying and also what the attorney general was saying. It seems the last lieutenant governor was in telephone calls over the days and also what we've been saying today is I don't think we're prosecuting the people.

Donald Trump: I did.

Henry McMaster: These -- these folks, they just get 30 days or $500 that's just the cost of doing business. We know that we have organized people. We have -- We're trying to figure out how to pick up some gear, in fact, legally, we do. We have a state grand jury just like the federal grand. And the lack of [Inaudible], and bring him before the state grand jury where we can investigate, [Inaudible] of the -- of the grand jury.

Henry McMaster: We talked out U.S. attorney, give him a call, and everybody was on board and we really had a model thing and it happened in the city of Charleston. The first night they -- they had long opposed with a lead 11:00 o'clock, sir, with curfew. And they had a whole lot of violence. He was taken off. I guess you would say a less confrontational approach will have a lot of them in jail Kingsbury.

Henry McMaster: Beautiful place. People were -- bustin' out windows in restaurants and throwing in fire, big fire crackers on -- landing on the tables at diners and as if there was no -- no curfew. The diners were still there and I was scared and everybody were running and they had one fella they pulled out a pistol or civilian in a hotel and shot fire -- fired shots in the air to scare off some -- some of these -- some of the agitators.

Henry McMaster: They are -- a lot of them from outside. There's no doubt about it. They're [Inaudible], whatever you call it. We aint risk. There's this one man in Columbia, and having a Glock pistol in a knapsack and 90 rounds of ammunition. We got him locked up now and hope to be able to get some information from him.

Henry McMaster: But I think what you're saying is right. As we -- we have to make this more -- make it more difficult. We got to think things up to give them justice. Make it more [Inaudible] to doing business to come in one town get arrested, pay bomb scare, and go to another town and do the same thing.

Henry McMaster: We had law enforcement everywhere from department of corrections, probation pardon on all the state law enforcement division to city police and county sheriffs coming in from rejoining counties and ending in Charleston while we had a -- we had the National Guard there on Sunday night, last night, and they had, personally, no problems.

Henry McMaster: The National Guard and the sheriff in our county says you never seen such a police presence in his life. And it worked like a charm. I think just a handful of arrests. There's no damage to add fines, little fees. Roaming around the city of Charleston, there is peace. So, strength work. You have to dominate, as you say.

Henry McMaster: I think, now there's really the time is serious that prosecute these people, finding out where their organizations are, who's paying the money. I'm waiting here to some of them getting a bonus if they get arrested. They would have their hands to get arrested.

Henry McMaster: And more -- get more arrests. So that's overstated and they have to. I think we have to be careful but we got to be tough.

Donald Trump: You don't have to be too careful. And I'll tell you, you have to do the prosecutions. If you don't do the prosecutions, it's just going to be back.

Henry McMaster: That's right.

Donald Trump: Whether it's in two years or in two months, they're going to be back. And you've got to get the prosecutions. And you know, when somebody's throwing a rock that's like shooting a gun. What's the difference between having a brick that weighs 10 pounds, hits somebody in the face then wipe them out practically.

Donald Trump: We had a couple of people badly hurt and there's no retribution. So you have to do retribution, in my opinion.

Henry McMaster: That's right.

Donald Trump: You use your own legal system, maybe, for that. But you have great legal systems, everybody I'm speaking to. You want this to stop, you have to do that. But you have to prosecute people, Henry. You're right. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thanks, Henry. Guys, hashtag two.

Operator: Please go ahead. Your line is now open.

JB Pritzker: [Inaudible] Can you hear me? [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: I can hear you. [Inaudible]

JB Pritzker: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Are you on a cellphone? Is that J.B.? Are you on your cellphone, maybe? We're not hearing you great.

JB Pritzker: Can you hear me OK? Sorry. Can you hear me OK, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: All right.

JB Pritzker: I wanted to keep this moment, I can't let it pass. I just wanted to say that I've been extraordinarily concerned about the rhetoric that has been used by you. It's been inflammatory. It's not OK for that officer to choke George Floyd to death but we have to call for calm. We have to have police reform called for.

JB Pritzker: We called out our national [Inaudible] and our chief police. [Inaudible] that's coming out of the White House is making it worse. And I need to tell [Inaudible] that people are feeling real pain there but we got to [Inaudible ] our national leaders and call them for calm and making sure that we're [Inaudible] legitimate-peaceful protesters that will help us.

Donald Trump: OK. Well, thank you very much, J.B. I don't like your rhetoric much either because I watched it with respect to the coronavirus. And I don't like your rhetoric much either. I think you could have done a much better job, frankly. But that's OK, you know, we don't agree with each other. As far as the --

JB Pritzker: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: In respect to Officer Floyd, I've spoken about it often and I've spoken about it with great compassion. And I think it's a horrible thing that happened and I called it out on numerous occasions and numerous speeches. I even spoke about it at our great rocket launch. I covered it before I come in the rocket.

Donald Trump: We just sent out a billion-dollar rocket and before I spoke about the rocket at a major speech after the rocket launch. I spoke about Officer Floyd. I spoke as to what happened with respect to Mr. Floyd. I thought it was a disgrace.

Donald Trump: And those police officers, what they did, including the three of them that stood there and watched and maybe even participated. The whole world was -- was disgraced by it, not just our country and the whole world was watching. So I -- Nobody can tell me I haven't spoken about it. I've spoken about it in great light, at great light.

Donald Trump: And I will continue to speak about it.

Operator: There's no one in queue at this time.

Donald Trump: OK. I want to thank everyone. Be strong, be safe, be smart, be safe. Be safe, very important. And we are on many people and we have to do it right. Many many people. We honor, as you know, has deployed, but we honor many other people that have been badly hurt. And you know -- and the way we're going to do it, the way we're going to solve the problem is to be fair and be strong.

Donald Trump: You have to be strong. Here's our national guard. You're much better off with [Inaudible] you. That's one thing we have found out. Too many is a good thing, too few is unacceptable. So go out there and get them. Good luck tonight. And if you have any information let us know, please. Thank you very much.

Operator: That concludes our conference. Thank you to all of our speakers and thank you all [Inaudible] in the audience for joining us today. Again, this call is not intended for press purposes and is off the record. The call has concluded, you may disconnect.