Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-vlog-campaign-chat-tim-walz-detroit-august-15-2024

Tim Walz: I talk about it being a halftime in America. We're a touchdown down and I kind of like the idea of being a little bit behind there --

Kamala Harris: Well, I'm looking at Coach Walz right now. [Laughs] I'm looking at Coach Walz.

Tim Walz: Like, I have white guy tacos and like black --

Kamala Harris: What does that mean like mayonnaise and tuna? What are you doing?

Tim Walz: Pretty much ground beef and cheese and -- Yeah.

Kamala Harris: That's okay. Do you put any flavor in it?

Tim Walz: Uh, no.

Kamala Harris: Oh, ok. [Laughs]

Tim Walz: Um, here's the deal. No, they said to be careful and let her know this, that black pepper is the top of the spice level in Minnesota, you know?

Kamala Harris: I'm the first vice president, I believe, who has ever grown chili peppers, you know, like we'll figure --

Tim Walz: I'm trying to expand my -- uh, my food knowledge --

Kamala Harris: You know, we've got some cantaloupes. You'll be fine.

Tim Walz: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: So, I called you, Tim.

Tim Walz: I was hoping maybe we wouldn't have to --

Kamala Harris: I called you, Tim.

Tim Walz: Yes.

Kamala Harris: You didn't answer, Tim. [Laughs]

Tim Walz: I know. I know. The, um --

Kamala Harris: What happened? [Laughs]

Tim Walz: The most important call of my life, it popped up and we didn't recognize the, uh, the caller I.D. and it went to, ah -- [Laughs] it went to voicemail. Hi, this is Tim. I'm not able to answer your call.

Kamala Harris: There you go. [Laughs]

Tim Walz: -- as possible. Thank you.

Kamala Harris: Hey, Tim, it's Kamala. I really want to talk to you. [Laughs]

Tim Walz: It is an amazing privilege for me. A -- also, I'm excited. I just want to be part of the excitement that you're generating so --

Kamala Harris: Well, we doing it together, buddy.

Tim Walz: It's fine.

Kamala Harris: We're doing it together. How have these last couple of days been for you?

Tim Walz: I can see where the -- the energy comes. America is a hopeful country.

Kamala Harris: Indeed.

Tim Walz: People are excited.

Kamala Harris: In every one of those groups of thousands, sometimes over 10,000 people, you're seeing exactly who we are as America.

Tim Walz: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: People from rural areas, urban areas, of every stripe and size and background, this is who we are as America and we're all in it together.

Tim Walz: Yeah. Yeah.

Kamala Harris: And in this campaign, the only way we win is to keep the pedal to the metal for these next many, many days that we have. So, Tim --

Tim Walz: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: What's your relationship to music?

Tim Walz: Yeah. [Laughs] For me, the transformational piece of music was Bruce Springsteen's "The River."

Kamala Harris: Ok.

Tim Walz: Which is a journey, you know. You know all the tracks.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Tim Walz: And -- and -- and I'm that guy. My first car, it's the summer of 1980, been saving up. I buy a 1973 orange Chevy Camaro. Got an eight -- track player in it.

Kamala Harris: Oh, wow.

Tim Walz: Previous owner left Bob Seger's "Night Moves" in there. I listened to it, and it's kind of the soundtrack of my life of -- of -- of, uh, Detroit's own Bob Seger, but what's really great about this is I have a '79 international is my car. It's got an eight -- track player in it. I have the very eight -- track to this day.

Kamala Harris: You're kidding me?

Tim Walz: No. No. But how about you?

Kamala Harris: I grew up, you know, so all these albums here, I mean, Aretha, my mother had every Aretha album, and, like, our Christmas gift to my mother, her birthday gift was always like, What's the latest Aretha Franklin record?

Tim Walz: So it's on on vinyl in your house --

Kamala Harris: Like, all of it.

Tim Walz: Wow.

Kamala Harris: All, that and Stevie and then Miles. and my dad loved jazz and so it was Miles, it was Coltrane. One of my personal favorite musicians for when I was younger was Prince.

Tim Walz: Oh.

Kamala Harris: And of course, from your -- from your state.

Tim Walz: Oh, my. Yeah.

Kamala Harris: And um, he -- You know, in fact, I'll tell you, so, my husband, Doug, and I, I'm more of a hip hop girl.

Tim Walz: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: He's more of Depeche Mode. [Laughs]

Tim Walz: Oh, yeah. We're about the same time. Yeah, yeah.

Kamala Harris: Oh, but I'm sure you and he like the music. [Laughs]

Tim Walz: Of course. Of course.

Kamala Harris: But Prince, you know, in the Venn diagram of things, Prince, he and I, uh, love the same 'cause, I mean, talk about how Prince was with that guitar, man. I almost know by heart every one of those songs. [Laughs]

Tim Walz: I -- I feel like a trip to Paisley Park is going to happen here if the staff is -- [Laughs]

Kamala Harris: It's on -- it's on my bucket list, I'll tell you that. Tell me about your dad and his influence on you. He served our country. You have served for our country for so many years.

Tim Walz: Yeah. I was 19, my little brother I think was 8, 8 or 9, uh, when he passed. He was a chain smoker.

Kamala Harris: Oh.

Tim Walz: Yeah, just -- just addicted. [Inaudible] Korean War era and, uh --

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Tim Walz: That generation of men, pretty stoic. After he died, my mom was a stay -- at -- home mom. Uh, she became our rock and now, she had to go out and get work because the medical bills broke her and Social Security --

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Tim Walz: And Social Security survivor benefits. We're fine pulling ourselves up by our bootstraps. We had no boots. That's the boots.

Kamala Harris: And it's survival, literally.

Tim Walz: We paid it back.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Tim Walz: It is survival and we all paid it back. So, programs that are just fundamental to -- to keeping people from dropping into poverty, but to live with dignity. You keep talking about that.

Kamala Harris: We gotta help people get through a hard time. We can't have a country and -- and policies that let people fall through the cracks.

Tim Walz: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: I love what you have done with your life. You were coaching a high school football team that was winless. [Laughs]

Tim Walz: Yeah. Yes.

Kamala Harris: And you came in and -- and so they were clearly the underdogs.

Tim Walz: And it's a --

Kamala Harris: What happened?

Tim Walz: Yeah, it's a team. And I had great coaches with me and we were friends, and we buckled down and, look, we -- It was a fairly big school, but nobody wanted to play --

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Tim Walz: -- because they hadn't won. And this group of coaches said, "First and foremost, we gotta -- we gotta build the team. We gotta go out and find people." So we invited them in. And I'll be honest, the first year, we did not score touchdown [Laughs] until the last game of the year. We got shut out in every game. My high score until the final game was my defensive tackle 'cause we got a safety in one game. Two years later, those kids won a state championship. That school has won several more since then after we left.

Kamala Harris: Right?

Tim Walz: You build culture. You build winning.

Kamala Harris: That's right.

Tim Walz: People want to be a part of it. And, uh, that's the excitement.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Tim Walz: That's the excitement of what it can be.

Kamala Harris: That's how I feel about our campaign.

Tim Walz: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: Our campaign is the underdog campaign.

Tim Walz: Oh, yeah.

Kamala Harris: And with our joy, we also have to understand that we're still up against some forces --

Tim Walz: Yes.

Kamala Harris: -- that are trying to divide our country. It pains me, the kind of division and -- and the stoking of divisions that has taking place, right?

Tim Walz: Yes.

Kamala Harris: And when we can remind people and create a -- a space for everyone to come where they see each other --

Tim Walz: That's the magic. They're -- they're getting --

Kamala Harris: And say, "Hey, you know, we're all in this together."

Tim Walz: It almost feels like everybody's coming out of their house after a blizzard and, [Laughs] you know, a Minnesota reference, [Laughs]and you shovel out and then you start talking to your neighbors --

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Tim Walz: How was it the last couple days? or whatever it might be. They're re -- energizing and they're looking for their neighbors.

Kamala Harris: Mm -- hmm. That's right.

Tim Walz: We keep saying, you keep talking about the promise of America.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Tim Walz: And -- and we say, take care of your neighbor.

Kamala Harris: In the face of a stranger, when you're looking in the face of a stranger, you should see a neighbor, right?

Tim Walz: Yeah. I'm about crying on this when you talk about, look, a -- a girl from Oakland, California and a -- a guy from out in Nebraska on there.

Kamala Harris: Right?

Tim Walz: And the number of people I watch just kind of nod and break into a smile. This exploiting the differences, it can't last. I talk about it being halftime in America. We're a touchdown down because a lot of folks, it's easier to tear things down.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Tim Walz: It's easier to divide than it is to build. But once you start that momentum, once we come out, and, uh, where we're at right now --

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Tim Walz: People want to be part of something that's winning. They want to be part of something that's good and they want to be part of something that everybody can be a part of. And I kind of like the idea of being a little bit behind there --

Kamala Harris: Well, I'm looking at Coach Walz right now. [Laughs] I'm looking at Coach Walz.

Tim Walz: Did you always know you wanted to be an attorney?

Kamala Harris: My parents met when they were activists in the civil rights movement and I grew up around a bunch of people that were, you know, marching and shouting for justice. And some of the heroes of that movement were the lawyers, Thurgood Marshall, right?

Tim Walz: They were.

Kamala Harris: They understood how to translate the passion from the streets to the courtrooms of our country. And they believed in the Constitution of the United States and the principles upon which it was founded, and that's where they then in the courts of America reminded us of the the promise, right, and -- and -- and the ideals of our country, including equality, freedom, right? That's why I went to law school.

Tim Walz: Ah.

Kamala Harris: But the other reason is when I was in high school, my best friend, I learned, was being molested by her stepfather. And when I realized what was happening, I told her, You have to come live with us. I called my mom. You know, I -- I have to tell you, Tim, it was the first time that I realized how not everyone can take their safety for granted.

Tim Walz: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: And what we should all feel is a sense of responsibility to protect people from harm.

Tim Walz: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: So that's why I decided I wanted to be a prosecutor.

Tim Walz: Wow.

Kamala Harris: And, um, as a prosecutor, I, you know, I -- I prosecuted homicide cases, I prosecuted a number of different types of cases, but I specialized in child sexual assault cases. And one of the things I did was create a whole unit dedicated to focusing on -- on children who were being abused and to ensure that they have dignity in the process and justice. There's so much work that we still have to do to make sure that children have a voice.

Tim Walz: For me, that's kind of with me, get in as a teacher.

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Tim Walz: It's -- it's about the kids and wherever you teach at.

Kamala Harris: Right.

Tim Walz: Once I had my own children, it became so clear to me. And I think it -- I think it made me a really good teacher --

Kamala Harris: Yeah.

Tim Walz: -- that that child who came through the door was somebody's most special thing in their life.

Kamala Harris: Absolutely.

Tim Walz: Thinking of a parent dressing their little one up and sending them off to school, so proud of them, I wanted to come through that door and just lift them up, that -- that sense of service.

Kamala Harris: It is --

Tim Walz: It's interesting, two different parts of the country, two different lived experiences, but all coming to that same goal of everybody getting a fair shot.

Kamala Harris: Yeah. Well, you know, I have to tell you, Tim, even though you and I grew up in different parts of the country, you remind me of the people I grew up with, hardworking folks, plain speaking.

Tim Walz: Yeah.

Kamala Harris: People who know the difference between right and wrong.

Tim Walz: Yep.

Kamala Harris: And care, love thy neighbor in -- in the most authentic and true way.

Tim Walz: Yeah. Truly. Yeah.

Kamala Harris: Those are the folks I grew up with and I know that's who you are. And, um, and I'm so glad we're doing this together.

Tim Walz: Well, I'm proud to be with you.