I hope not. I hope not.

Sure.

Right.

Sure.

That's great.

Sure, well, first of all, thank you and I'm sorry, my microphone apparently is broken, but we have -- we have another one, so that's good. So, everybody can hear me now, right? Everybody can hear me? Great, good. Um, yeah, so -- so first of all, um, thrilled to be here and thrilled to have this conversation.

I've been looking forward to it. And yeah, I do still very much think that the United States and Europe are on the same team. And I think that this is, you know, sometimes I've been criticized as a hyper realist, right. I think of foreign policy purely in terms of transactional values, what is the America get out of it? What are the -- you know, rest of the world get out of it? And try to, you know, focus so purely on the transactional value of it that we ignore sometimes the humanitarian or the moral side of it. And I think at least with Europe, that's actually not a full encapsulation of my views because I think that you know European civilization and American civilization, European culture and American culture are very much linked and they're always going to be linked.

And I think it's -- it's completely ridiculous to think that you're ever going to be able to drive a firm wedge between the United States and Europe. Now that doesn't mean we're not going to have disagreements. And of course, you know, you brought up the speech earlier, it doesn't mean that Europeans won't criticize the United States or the United States, won't criticize Europe.

But I do think fundamentally we have to be, and we are, on the same civilizational team. And I think obviously there's a big question about what that means in the 21st century. I think, you know, obviously the president and I believe that it means a little bit more European -- European burden sharing on the defense side.

I think that it means that all of us, frankly, on both sides of the Atlantic have gotten a little bit too comfortable with the security posture of the last 20 years. And that frankly, that security posture is not adequate to meet the challenges of the next 20 years. So, there are a lot of ways in which this alliance will evolve and change in the same way that the alliance evolved and change from 1945 to 1975 and from 1975 to 2005. I do think that we're in one of these phases where we're going to have to rethink a lot of big questions, but I do think that we should rethink those big questions together.

That is a fundamental belief of both me and the president. And you know, you mentioned this is my third time speaking with the Munich Security Conference Group. Obviously, the first couple of times were in Munich and I always remember very fondly of course that the very first time it was as a United States Senator representing Ohio.

And I'm glad you got to spend a month in Dayton. I love Dayton, it's kind of the closest big city, if you can call it a big city, to where I grew up. But on that first panel, I was on that panel and also David Lammy, who at the time was a lowly member in opposition and of course now is the great Foreign Secretary of the United Kingdom and he and I have become good friends.

So, I still think that this European alliance is very important, but I think that for it to be important and for us to be real friends with each other, I think that we are very much real friends, we've got to talk about the big questions and I know that's an important part of what this entire group does.

So, I'm glad to be here.

Sure.

Yeah, so, let me say a couple of things about this. First of all, I appreciate your kind words about the administration. Obviously, I think it was the right thing to do for us to start the process of negotiation. I think for too long, the Russians, the Ukrainians, have been fighting. Obviously there's been a lot of people dying on both sides.

There have been a lot of innocent loss of life and our view is it's absurd that you've had this war go on for so long and the two sides aren't even talking constructively about what would be necessary for them to end the conflict. And I think that you know, one of the things that President Trump has always been very good at, and he's gotten a lot of criticism, unfair criticism in my view, from both the American and some of the European press is what I would call a strategic realism or a strategic insight.

In other words, you don't have to agree with the Russian justification for the war and certainly both the president and I have criticized the full scale invasion. But you have to try to understand where the other side is coming from to end the conflict. And I think that's what President Trump has been very deliberate about is actually forcing the Russians to say here is what we would like in order to end the conflict.

And -- and again, you don't have to agree with it. You can think that the request is too significant and certainly the first peace offer that the Russians put on the table, our reaction to it was you're asking for too much, but this is how negotiations unfold. And I wouldn't say, I'm not yet that pessimistic on this.

I wouldn't say that the Russians are uninterested in bringing this thing to a resolution. What I would say is right now the Russians are asking for a certain set of requirements, a certain set of concessions in order to end the conflict. We think they're asking for too much. OK. And then obviously the Ukrainians matter a lot there.

They're the other side there, they're the other party at least to the direct conflict, and we have to ask what is the Ukrainian -- what are the -- what do they need in order to bring this conflict to a successful completion? And we're going to continue to have that conversation. Now, what the president has said is that he will walk away if he thinks he's not making progress.

And I think that you know about once every four or five weeks, you will hear some American official or sometimes multiple American officials say this is a week where we need to make another step. And in particular, the step that we would like to make right now is we would like both the Russians and the Ukrainians to actually agree on some basic guidelines for sitting down and talking to one another.

Obviously, the United States is happy to participate in those conversations, but it's very important for the Russians and the Ukrainians to start talking to one another. We think that is the next big step that we would like to take. And why does that matter? The reason it matters is because, again, I mentioned the Russians, but also the Ukrainians have also been sort of they've -- they've put a piece of paper in our hands that says this is what we would need in order to bring this conflict to a successful resolution from our perspective.

And there's a big gulf, predictably, between where the Russians and the Ukrainians are and we think the next step of the negotiation is to try to close that gulf. We think it's probably impossible for us to mediate this entirely without at least some direct negotiation between the two. And so, that's what we focused on. But I'm not yet a pessimist on this.

I mean obviously, you know, the Russians and the Ukrainians are not there yet because the fighting is still going on. You know the Ukrainians have said they would agree to a cease fire, a 30-day cease fire, we appreciate that. What the Russians have said, again, you don't have to agree with it, but it's important to understand where the other side is coming from.

What the Russians have said is a 30-day cease fire is not in our strategic interest. So, we've tried to move beyond the obsession with the 30-day cease fire and more on the, what would the long term settlement look like? And we've tried to consistently advance the ball. One final point I'd make about this.

I think it probably wouldn't surprise anybody in the room, but there are a lot of people watching who are not in the room is, is a frustration that we've had, frankly with both sides, is that they hate each other so much that if you have an hour conversation with either side, the first 30 minutes are just them complaining about some historical grievance from four years ago or five years ago or ten years ago.

Look, I understand it. I understand that people don't fight wars against each other without a lot of grievance and a lot of problem. But we're trying to, as much as we can, play a constructive role in advancing the peace conversation forward. What I'll say just to echo something that President Trump has said many times, but I think it bears repeating is our strong view is that the continuation of this conflict is bad for us, it's bad for Europe, it's bad for Russia and it's bad for Ukraine.

We think that if cooler heads prevail here, we can bring this thing to a durable peace that will be economically beneficial for both the Ukrainians and the Russians and most importantly will stop the end of the -- of the destruction of human lives. I think people underappreciate this about our president here in the United States is, he has a genuine humanitarian impulse about this.

He hates innocent people losing their lives. He hates even soldiers losing their lives in unnecessary conflicts. He just wants the killing to stop and that will -- that will continue to be America's policy. But obviously, as all of you have seen, we'll navigate that policy and react as the parties bring their grievances to us.

Yeah, so I haven't seen those reports that you mentioned a strategic deal on Taiwan. So, I wouldn't speak to that. I certainly say that would say that there has been no conversation between our governments about a strategic deal on, on that particular question. What we have talked about, of course, is that we cannot absorb the producer surplus of the entire world.

That has been the role of the American economy for the past 30 years, in some cases vis-a-vis Europe. And by the way, we don't blame, for example, the Germans for pursuing a policy that makes their exporters strong. We just wish that American leadership had pursued a policy that made our exporters strong because now we find ourselves in a very precarious place.

When I say we, I mean the entire West, I mean the NATO alliance, I mean the United States and Europe which is that we become in a world of hyper complicated, hyper globalized supply chains, we find ourselves more and more reliant on countries that may not have our best interests at heart. And even if they're halfway decent trading partners, it's still a little bit risky to put all of your eggs in one basket economically.

And what the president has said is we must rebalance the global economy, vis-a-vis, China. We cannot absorb hundreds of billions of dollars, close to $1 trillion per year in annual surplus, most of it coming from the People's Republic of China. And what that's going to mean in the rebalancing is that we think that the PRC is going to have to frankly let their own population consume a little bit more.

They've held consumption levels down in order to increase these massive exports. It means that American manufacturers are going to have to be treated more fairly in some of these global trade deals, it means we're going to have to cut some new trade deals with some of our friends in Europe, but also with some of our more adversarial nations.

But -- but that also, you know -- we have to be careful here because while we want to rebalance global trade, and that has certainly been the explicit goal of our policy. We also want to make sure that we do this in the right way. And yes, you've seen media reports that the Chinese reached out to the United States.

Of course, we're going to sit down and talk to them. I'm not going to divulge too many details or prejudge the negotiations, but we want to rebalance trade in the interests of American workers and the interests of American manufacturers. That is our policy. We think that we can do that while preserving at least an open dialog with the PRC and with a lot of other nations all over the world.

But -- but that that doesn't mean the old way of doing business is going to be stable or that it's going to persist. It simply cannot. It was not sustainable ten years ago, it was certainly not sustainable four years ago and we're very, very committed to changing it. But we're open to having conversations with both, again, our friends and more adversarial nations about what that rebalancing ultimately looks like.

And people have to remember, you know, Liberation Day, which was where the president announced these, this -- this fundamental change I think in the global trading system, that was almost exactly 30 days ago. So, we are in the early innings of a very significant shift. I think that shift is going to really inure to the benefit of both the United States but also of Europe.

But it's fundamentally -- it has to happen and it's going to happen under President Trump's leadership.

Yeah, so it -- to put it very simply, and we've obviously had great conversations with a lot of our European friends at the very senior levels between the president and heads of state between me and officials in European governments, but also with trade representatives and also the very nitty gritty technical details of a trade agreement.

So, these conversations are ongoing, but I'll throw a few general principles out there. I think the first is that, again, America wants its exporters, and by implication, its workers to be treated much more fairly. We want American markets -- and sorry, excuse me, in the same way that American markets have been open to a lot of European goods.

We'd like a lot of European markets to be open to American goods. Now there's an agriculture component to that. There's a value-added manufacturing component to that. We think that we have in both the software, but also the more harder technology side, we have some great defense technology firms where on the one hand we have our European friends saying we want to actually build up our defense, we want to do more burden sharing.

But on the other hand, it seems like some of our European friends are less open for business if the people selling software and hardware are American firms. Well, we think that's inconsistent. We think that we have some of the best military hardware and software in the world, and we think part of being good allies is, yes, we obviously want the Europeans to take a bigger role in the continental defense.

But we also think that there are a lot of great American companies that they can work with. And so, again, this doesn't have to be a zero sum dynamic. This can be a very synergistic relationship. But the fundamental principle is, we think that most nations, most nations in the world, have been way too hard on American exporters and American firms.

We want to make the entire world a little bit more open to the products built by American workers. We're obviously biased. We think that they're the best in the world and we think that we can have a much better trading relationship with a lot of our European friends if they -- if they just dropped some of those, both tariff, but also non-tariff trade barriers.

There are regulatory barriers, there are -- sometimes you have an official at the Ministry of Defense completely disconnected as far as we can tell from a -- from an actual law or regulation who will just say we're not buying American products. Sometimes you have officials in Europe who will say, well, we're going to penalize American technology firms in a way that we would never penalize European technology firms.

We just want a little bit more fairness, or to use the president's favorite word, reciprocity. And, again, with -- with Europe, we think that's a very, very easy conversation to have. We hope our European friends agree.

I'm having -- I'm having fun.

And let's -- we can take a few more questions.

My team over there is very nervous. You guys can't see them behind but --

Please.

Sure.

Yeah, so there are a couple of issues with the earlier agreement. The JCPOA --

As -- as it's called here in the United States, and I assume in Europe, but here -- the two big issues with that agreement are number one, the enforcement or the inspections regime was incredibly weak. And I don't think that it actually served the function of preventing the Iranians from getting on the pathway to a nuclear weapon.

That's one thing that must be different. And then second, yes, we believe that there were some elements of their nuclear program that were preserved under JCPOA that, yes, they weren't nuclear weapons. Iran doesn't have a nuclear weapon, but allowed Iran to sort of stay on this glide path towards a nuclear weapon if they flip the switch and press go. And we have to think about this not just in terms of Iran, which again the president has said this, we think that there is a deal here that would reintegrate Iran into the global economy.

That would be really good for the Iranian people, but would result in the complete cessation of any chance that they could get a nuclear weapon. And that's what we're negotiating towards. And as the president has said, that's Option A, and Option B -- if Option A is very good for the Iranian people, and -- and even, um, you know some of the folks, the leadership in Iran, Option B is very bad.

It's very bad for everybody and it's not what we want, but it's better than Option C, which is Iran getting a nuclear weapon. That is what is completely off the table for the American administration, no ifs, ands or buts. Now there are a couple of other things that are worth thinking about because this is not just about Iran.

If Iran gets a nuclear weapon, which country then next gets a nuclear weapon? And then when that country gets a nuclear weapon, which country after that? We really care, not just about Iran, but about nuclear proliferation. And the president said this in an interview a few weeks ago, it's one of these things that in the -- in the maelstrom of the media, the signal and the noise, this was very much signal but it got lost in the noise.

The president hates nuclear proliferation. I hate nuclear proliferation, and I think that the president would be very open to sitting down with the Russians and the Chinese and saying, look, let's get this thing in a much better place. Let's reduce the number of nuclear weapons that are in the world writ large.

That's obviously not a conversation for tomorrow, that's a conversation, God willing, for a few years from now. But there is no way you get to that conversation if you allow multiple regimes all over the world to -- to basically enter this sprint for a nuclear weapon. And we really think that if the Iran domino falls, you're going to see nuclear proliferation all over the Middle East.

That's very bad for us, it's very bad for our friends and it's something that we don't think can happen. So, without -- without prejudging the negotiations, I will say so far, so good. We've been very happy by how the Iranians have responded to some of the points that we've made. We've been very happy that some of the intermediaries and some of the folks who are in the room, the role that they've played, the Omanis in particular have played a very positive role and we're very grateful to that.

So, so far we're on the right pathway, but this is going to end somewhere. And it will end either in Iran eliminating their nuclear program, their nuclear weapons program, they can have civil nuclear power, OK? We don't -- we don't mind that. But what -- let me ask this basic question, which regime in the world has civil nuclear power and enrichment without having a nuclear weapon?

And the answer is no one. No one right now has a civil nuclear program with their entire enrichment infrastructure that can enrich to the 90-plus percent needed to get to fissile material and nuclear weapon. So our -- our proposition is very simple. Yes, we don't care if people want nuclear power, we're fine with that.

But you can't have the kind of enrichment program that allows you to get to a nuclear weapon and that's where we draw the line.

Yes.

Yes.

Sure.

Yeah, so I think there are two -- there are a couple of different components to this. So, so first of all, what the president has said is he'd like to see five percent spending on defense in NATO. And he thinks that that is consistent with what our European friends are telling us about how much they fear some of the threats in the world.

And, you know, given unfortunately that a lot of European militaries have not kept pace over the past few decades, there's a bit of catching up to do. And so, that is the goal that the president has set. Obviously, the European countries are going to make their own determinations, but that's what we think is a reasonable goal.

But it's really not just about the spend itself, it's also how the money is spent. And it's again, there -- there is this fear that we have when we look at some of our European friends, and I made this point at the first Munich security conference I ever went to that. When I looked to Germany 10, 15, 20 years ago, one of the things that the Germans were very good about is that they were -- they had kept the industrial strength of their economy consistent with the first world standard of living.

But now what we see in Europe is a lot of our European friends are deindustrializing at the very moment where we're all seeing the hard power underpinning, or the economic underpinning of real hard power requires very strong and powerful industry. And so, it's not just spending money, as important as that is, it's making sure that the same economic engine that powered first world living standards, is actually geared towards producing, God forbid, weapons of war if those weapons of war are ever necessary.

And so, I think there's both an economic component to this that's completely divorced from the spending levels. And then, of course, there's the spending levels too. But what we really want, and we really care about Europe being self-sufficient. I gave an interview a couple of weeks ago where I actually tried to, to make the point that yes, we're going to have disagreements with Europe and Europe will have disagreements with us. Sometimes, you know, I would -- I would harken back to 2003 United States policy in the Middle East.

I frankly wish we had listened to our European friends, but I think this is an area where we're fundamentally right. And I think it's gratifying to see so many of our European friends recognize that and recognize that Europe does really have to play a bigger role in continental defense. I think we're all aligned on it. It's just a question of getting there and most importantly getting there quickly.

Yes.

Sure.

Thank you. Thank you. So, if I may just say a few things in conclusion, first of all, I appreciate the kind words and I appreciate the invitation back. I wasn't sure after February whether I'd get the invitation back, but it's good to know that it's still there.

Second of all -- second of all, since you brought up Germany, I wanted to, of course from the president, issue our congratulations to Chancellor Mertz. And I know that we'll have a conversation with him in the next couple of days, but we're looking forward to it. And the final point that I'd make is, is, you know not -- not to rehash what's in that in that document.

But one of the things that I said in that speech that didn't get as much airplay, but I thought was just as important, is that everything that I said there applied as much to the previous American administration as it did any government in Europe. And I -- and I think that this -- I mean this from the heart and as a friend that there is a trade-off between policing the bounds of democratic speech and debate and losing the trust of our people.

Every single country, and we're all going to draw the lines a little bit differently. Every single country says there are things that are outside the realm of political debate. I understand that, I accept that, and I'm fine if one country is going to draw those lines a little bit differently than the United States.

But I think all of us, including especially the United States, we have to be careful that we don't draw the lines in such a way that we actually undermine the very democratic legitimacy upon which all of our civilization rests. And I think that is fundamentally the point here. It's not Europe bad, America good.

It's that I think that both Europe and the United States, we got a little bit off track, and I'd encourage us all to get back on track together. We're certainly willing and able to participate in that work and I think all of you all too. Thank you. God bless you.