Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-press-gaggle-before-air-force-two-departure-detroit-october-16-2024

Kamala Harris: Well, about last night, so Donald Trump, I found it to be quite bizarre, actually. He called himself the father of IVF. And if what he meant is taking responsibility, well, then, yeah, he should take responsibility for the fact that 1 in 3 women in America lives in a Trump abortion ban state. What he should take responsibility for is that couples who are praying and hoping and working toward growing a family have -- have been so disappointed and harmed by the fact that IVF treatments have now been put at risk.

Kamala Harris: What he should take responsibility for is what we have been saying across the country since he hand-selected three members of the United States Supreme Court, and they undid the protections of Roe v. Wade. What he should take responsibility for is that he's been trying to take away protections against preexisting conditions for, for example, women who are survivors of breast cancer.

Kamala Harris: So, let's not be distracted by his choice of words. The reality is his actions have been very harmful to women and families in America on this issue.

Question: Madam Vice President, Donald Trump in a rally -- Do you support the -- Madam Vice President, do you agree with President Obama's recent suggestion that Black men may be hesitant to vote for you because you're a woman?

Kamala Harris: Let me first say that I'm very proud to have the support of former President Barack Obama. And I think that the important point that I would make over and over again is I don't assume to have the votes of any demographic locked down. I have to earn their vote, and I'm going to work as I've been to earn that vote and to win on November 5th.

Question: Is that particular -- Do you think you should -- Ma'am, there's been a lot of recent questions about Donald Trump's --

Kamala Harris: Once again.

Question: There's been a lot of recent questions based on an event he did recently. He played music for about 30 minutes straight. Just questions about his mental fitness for office. At this point, do you think Donald Trump needs to take a cognitive test?

Kamala Harris: Well, I'm going to say what I have said publicly and will say many times based on my observations and, I think, the observations of many. Donald Trump is increasingly unstable. And as has been said by the people who have worked closely with him even when he was president, he's unfit to be president of the United States.

Question: Do you support the letter the administration sent Israel, threatening legal action over military aid? Or you -- do you --

Kamala Harris: I've issued my statement about that. Yeah.

Question: Are you -- are you supporting calling off military aid if the situation in Gaza does not improve?

Kamala Harris: I don't believe that's what the letter said.

Question: What kind of legal action do you support?

Kamala Harris: We'll take it one step at a time, if necessary.

Question: Yeah, are -- Madam Vice President, the Chinese military has been doing drills around Taiwan, and Xi Jinping visited the province across from Taiwan. It's raising pressure, obviously, on Taiwan. What is your position were there to be an invasion of Taiwan by the Chinese military under -- if you were president at the time?

Kamala Harris: Well, let me restate the point I've made many times, I believe in the One China policy, and I believe that there -- and that Taiwan has a right to defend itself.

Question: Thank you. As a -- Would the -- would the American provide arms for the Taiwanese defense? As a California voter, how would you vote on the get tough on crime, measure 36, Proposition 36?

Kamala Harris: I have not voted yet, and I've actually not read it yet. But I'll let you know. Thank you.

Question: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, ma'am.