Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-press-gaggle-air-force-two-arrival-joint-base-andrews-september-22-2024

Kamala Harris: Hi, guys. Well, you've probably heard I would like another debate, so I'm hoping the former vice president will agree with that. But we have a lot more to discuss.

Question: You raised 27 million from this fundraiser. That's the largest since you've raised -- since you were at the top of the ticket. That's a lot of money. How are you feeling about that?

Kamala Harris: Well, it's showing that there's a lot of support for our message and -- and what we need to do in terms of, you know, moving forward and charting a new way forward and dispensing with all of the attempts to divide our country and -- and to just, you know, really -- the problem I think on the other side is that there is a devaluation of who the American people are -- just don't really understand that we've got a lot of good people in our country who want to work hard and do well and we want a leader who believes that we're, you know, in this together. And I do.

Question: Are you giving an economic speech this week, Madam Vice President?

Kamala Harris: Yes.

Question: Can you tell us anything about what that's going to be about? Any preview?

Kamala Harris: So, I'm going to be giving a speech this week that is really just to outline my vision for the economy. As you heard me talk about I believe -- in what we can create some sense of opportunity for the American people. I've named it an opportunity economy, which really -- in short form, it's about what we can do more to invest in the aspirations and the ambitions and the dreams of the American people while addressing the challenges that they face, whether it be the high price of groceries or the difficulty in being able to acquire homeownership because, for a number of reasons, including they don't have enough power to [Inaudible].

Question: Will the Care economy be part of this?

Kamala Harris: I will touch on it for sure. Yeah.

Question: And what's your message to Donald Trump as he's calling for a second presidential debate? I know [Inaudible] your donors keep looking for any excuse or a reason not to. But what's your message to him?

Kamala Harris: Join me on the debate stage. Let's have another debate. There's more to talk about, and the voters of America deserve to hear the conversations that I think we should be having on substance, on issues, on policy, what's your plan, what's my plan. And -- and we should have another one before Election Day. So, thank you, all.

Unidentified: Thank you.