Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-press-gaggle-before-air-force-two-departure-august-1-2024

Joe Biden: THE VICE PRESIDENT: Sorry to keep you guys out in the heat.

Joe Biden: Okay. You ready?

Joe Biden: As President Biden announced earlier today, American citizens Paul, Evan, Aslu, and green-card holder Vladimir, who were unjustly held in Russia, will soon be re- -- reunited with their loved ones.

Joe Biden: They and their families have shown incredible courage in the face of atrocious and devastating circumstances.

Joe Biden: Russian authorities arrested, convicted them in sham trials, and sentenced them to long prison terms. This has been an appalling perversion of justice.

Joe Biden: Over many years, President Biden and I and our team have engaged in complex diplomatic negotiations to bring these wrongfully detained Americans home. We never stopped fighting for their release. And today, in spite of all of their suffering, it gives me great comfort to know that their horrible ordeal is finally over.

Joe Biden: This exchange also includes the release of Russian political prisoners, including those who worked with Aleksey Navalny.

Joe Biden: Earlier today, I spoke with the Aleksey's widow, Yulia, to discuss the significance of their release. And as I told her -- this being an additional time from previous conversations with her -- the United States stands with all of those who are fighting for freedom in Russia.

Joe Biden: As we celebrate today's news, we must also keep front of mind that there are other Americans that are unjustly being held in places around the world, and we will never stop fighting for their release.

Joe Biden: As vice president, it has been my honor to work alongside our president, Joe Biden, to bring home more than 70 Americans in the last three and a half years. And we will never waver in our commitment to bring home every American who has been wrongfully detained or held hostage.

Joe Biden: That is my solemn commitment to my fellow Americans, which I will always honor.

Joe Biden: Thank you all. Thank you.