 Seattle won the toss they have the bird Myers to kick off Greg Dortch and Bam Knight are back to receive kick fielded at the two yard line here comes Dortch past the 20 spun out about the 26 yard line so the Cardinals now who have been to the playoffs just once in the last seven years Kyler Murray was the number one pick back in the draft of 2019 could have played baseball he he was the number eight overall pick in the Major League Baseball draft by the then Oakland A's. And still muses a little bit about what that baseball career might have looked like. Yeah he lit up he thinks he could have been in still thinks he could be an outstanding baseball player pretty obviously a special talent athletically. Kind of guy who might have stolen 40 bases this season among other things. Start with a spread pass out to the left here. They go right to Marvin With andefined
 Seattle won the toss they have the bird Myers to kick off Greg Dortch and Bam Knight are back to receive kick fielded at the two yard line here comes Dortch past the 20 spun out about the 26 yard line so the Cardinals now who have been to the playoffs just once in the last seven years Kyler Murray was the number one pick back in the draft of 2019 could have played baseball he He was the number eight overall pick in the Major League Baseball draft by the then Oakland A's And still muses a little bit about what that baseball career might have looked like Yeah, he lit up. He thinks he could have been an out still thinks he could be an outstanding baseball player pretty obviously a Special talent athletically kind of guy who might have stolen 40 bases among other things Start with a spread Passed out to the left here. They go right to Marvin Harrison him
 Seattle on the toss, they have the bird, Liars to kick off. Greg Dorch and Van Knight are back to receive. Kick field it at the two-yard line. Here comes Dorch. Out past the 20. Fun out about the 26-yard line. So the Cardinals now, who have been to the playoffs just once in the last seven years. Kyle Murray was the number one pick back in the draft of 2019. Could have played baseball. he was the number 8 overall pick in the Major League Baseball draft by the then Oakland A's and still amuses a little bit about what that baseball career might have looked like yeah he lit up he thinks he could have been still thinks he could be an outstanding baseball player pretty obviously a special talent athletically kind of got him out of 40 bases among other things start with a spread pass out to the left here they go right to Marvin Harrison sorry