Good morning, guys.

Long time, no see.

How are we?

I have many, many meetings to get to.

Sure.

So, I'll take two questions.

Just a couple, I have a meeting.

And then I'll be back out in a little bit if you have more. What's going on?

Two quick questions, guys. I really have to go. I've been very generous with my time this morning.

Yeah.

Yes. Steve Witkoff is in the region right now. In fact, when I was on television, I missed a call from his communications person. So, I'm going to go take that call and maybe I'll have more information on that later.

That's absolutely false. This is a suggestion to federal workers that they have to return to work. And if they don't, then they have the option to resign. And this administration is very generously offering to pay them for eight months. Six percent of the federal workforce in the city actually shows up to work.

That's unacceptable. We're all here at work at the office. There are law enforcement officers and teachers and nurses across the country who showed up to the office today. People in this city need to do the same. It's an overwhelmingly popular policy with people outside of Washington DC. The president campaigned on this and his administration is keeping the promise.

It's going to save tens of millions of dollars because this administration, or this government, has been wasting millions of dollars on empty office space that is beautiful. I mean, look at the buildings in this city, they're gorgeous, they've been here for decades and the American people are paying for them.

And so we're going to make good use of the office space in the city by having these federal workers return to work. I would also add that the order simply directs federal agencies to come up with a return to work plan. And so, this isn't a purge. And this isn't forcing every single individual in Washington DC to return to work, only if they are able, and of course, within the law.

No. The first action that Pete Hegseth took when he showed up at the Pentagon was telling that the warriors that work within that building, and most importantly our service members who serve this country in uniform, that DEI would no longer be a part of the United States Military, we're focused on lethality.

We're focused on strength again and we're focused on rebuilding our military, which is something we haven't seen over the past four years. As for General Milley, the president's position on this remains the same as it does for John Bolton and the other individuals. He doesn't believe that these people should have the right to have security clearances and private details for the rest of their lives.

Again, taxpayers are funding it. And the individuals you're mentioning are quite wealthy, I understand, so they can get their own private security if they wish.

Yeah, well, that's why the Q&A was released, so that there is no confusion. There's no confusion within this building. I know there is again amongst the media and those who don't seem to just be able to read a memo and take it for what it is. It's very clear, this is a temporary pause on federal funding to ensure that tax dollars are not funding things that this president has signed out of law.

So, the Green New Deal, DEI, etc. As I said repeatedly yesterday, and I would like to double down on the fact that Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, which I'd like to be clear on that today, uh, welfare benefits, individual assistance, food stamps, etc., will not be impacted. So, the American people should not be confused about this.

And in fact, they should be grateful that this administration is actually valuing their hard earned tax dollars.

Everything this administration does is within the confines of the law and so, we're prepared to fight this battle in court.

Thank you.