Good afternoon, everybody. Thank you so much for coming. This is our second official influencer briefing here at the White House in the beautiful South Court Auditorium. And as you can tell, in the White House, we are fully embracing new media. Trust in the mass media has fallen to record lows. Tens of millions of Americans are turning elsewhere to get their news and their information.

Good morning, everybody. Happy first 100 days. Before we begin, I want to acknowledge that the bipartisan Take It Down Act passed the House last night. This important legislation was championed and guided through Congress by our wonderful first lady, Melania Trump, including through her direct advocacy on behalf of survivors during her passage -- the passage efforts.

That's why we've welcomed in, openly, independent journalists, podcasters, social media influencers, content creators and we will continue to do so. President Trump and our White House also believe strongly in the First Amendment, which is why our team has restored the press passes of hundreds of journalists whose passes were wrongly revoked by the Biden administration.

The Take It Down Act criminalizes the publication of non-consensual image -- intimate imagery, and requires social media and similar websites to remove such content within 48 hours of notice from a victim. The first lady thanks all those who voted in favor of this important legislation, and the president looks forward to signing it when it arrives on his desk.

So, thank you all so much for coming today, for your interest in covering the historic achievements of President Trump's first 100 days. And today officially marks 100 days of promises made and kept by President Trump. Our primary focus is how President Trump is in the process of rebuilding the world's greatest economy just like he did in his first term.

Today officially marks 100 days of promises made and promises kept by President Trump. This has truly been the most historic start to a presidency in American history. After building the greatest economy in the world in his first term as president, President Trump is in the process of doing that all over again.

President Trump has created 345,000 jobs since taking office in January. Last month's job report, we saw 100,000 more jobs than economists predicted. It was the fourth highest month for private payroll growth in the past two years. 9,000 manufacturing jobs have been created and added to the economy already since January, and that's in comparison to the 6,000 manufacturing jobs that were lost per month in the final two years of the Biden administration.

The American people trust in President Trump. Since his first day in office, President Trump has focused on defeating the Biden inflation crisis, bringing down the cost of living, and making the United States the best place in the world to do business, invest, create jobs and innovate. And President Trump's efforts are working. 345,000 jobs have already been added since the start of President Trump's term.

So, each month we were losing 6,000 manufacturing jobs; under President Trump, in just 100 days, we've added 9,000. The US unemployment rate remains at historic lows. The labor force participation rate for those without a high school diploma is up, good news for working class American families. And the veteran unemployment rate is down as well to 3.8 percent in March; when we came into office, it was 4.2 percent.

Last month's jobs report saw nearly 100,000 more jobs than economists predicted, and it was the fourth highest month for private payroll growth in the past two years. 9,000 manufacturing jobs have been added to the economy already. This is a sharp contrast to the 6,000 manufacturing jobs that were lost each month in the final two years of the Biden administration.

Remote work among federal employees has fallen over 16 percentage points from March last year to March this year, showcasing the success of President Trump's initiative to bring federal workers back to the office. We know middle class Americans, hard-working people, they have to show up to the office every day.

The US employment rate remains at historic lows. And thanks to President Trump, Americans are seeing price relief for the first time in years. The last inflation report showed the consumer price decline since the COVID pandemic, a decrease in energy prices, and real average hourly wage growth. President Trump is delivering on his promises to lower costs for American families and businesses.

We expect bureaucrats and government workers to do the same, especially when they are living off of the taxpayers' dime. If you want to work on behalf of the American taxpayer, you should show up to work in person. Thanks to President Trump Americans are seeing the first price relief in years. The last inflation report showed the first consumer price decline in years, a decrease in energy prices and real average hourly wage growth.

Prices across the board for everyday goods have seen declines since this president was inaugurated. From airfare to used motor vehicles to prescription drugs, prices are dropping. In fact, last month's drop in the price of prescription drugs was the largest ever recorded. And after Joe Biden botched the response to the bird flu, President Trump and Secretary Rollins' aggressive plan have brought down wholesale egg prices more than 50 percent from Inauguration Day. President Trump ended Joe Biden's reckless war on American energy and fossil fuels, and has restored American energy dominance.

President Trump is delivering on his promises to lower costs for American families and businesses. Prescription drug prices are down. Last month's drop in prescription drug prices was the largest ever recorded. And thanks to President Trump ending Joe Biden's reckless war on American energy, gasoline prices and energy prices are down as well.

And Secretary Wright, Secretary Doug Burgum are working hard on that effort every single day. Oil and gas prices are now way down because of this bold approach. Gasoline price is down 7 percent, energy down -- energy prices are also down as well. The Department of Interior just announced a new offshore drilling policy that will boost oil production in the Gulf of America by 100,000 barrels per day.

The cost of wholesale eggs has decreased more than 50 percent. President Trump inherited a complete mess from the Biden administration who totally botched their response to the bird flu. They were killing chickens. They were killing our chicken supply in this country, which led to an increase in egg prices.

On the deregulation front, President Trump is committed to cutting senseless red tape especially for America's small business owners, who are the backbone of our economy. We know cutting regulation leads to lower costs and higher growth. The mass deregulation effort by this administration will help usher in the Golden Age of America, which is underway.

And the president and Secretary Rollins did an incredible job attacking that on day one. On the deregulation front, President Trump is launching the largest deregulation campaign in American history. He has blocked all of the unfinalized Biden era rules, which has saved us more than $180 billion already.

Immediately upon taking office, President Trump blocked all of the unified -- unfinalized Biden era rules, saving America's more than $100 billion, or 20 -- 100 per family of four over the next decade. And the president also launched a bold multi-agency effort to roll back existing federal regulations that drive up the cost of living on hardworking families.

He's launched a bold multi-agency effort to roll back existing federal regulations that drive up the cost of living on hardworking families. That has yielded more than $7,755 billion in total savings as well. And as you all know, investments from companies around the world continue to pour into this country.

This effort is projected to yield significant cost savings in the coming months, including the EPA's rollback of tailpipe emission rules for light duty and medium duty vehicles and the Department of Transportation's latest corporate average fuel economy standards. These two efforts alone yield $755 billion in total savings, or more than $8,800 per family of four over the next decade.

Every morning, we wake up to a new headline with a new company from a different country announcing major investments in our country. What does that mean for people in your communities across the nation? It means jobs, it means Americans going to work, it means Americans providing for their families, for their children, living the American dream.

In total, the combined savings from all of these actions equal just over $935 billion, or nearly $11,000 in real savings per family of four for the coming decade. The press is not talking nearly enough about the positive impact of President Trump's deregulation campaign, and investments from the biggest companies and countries in the world are pouring in under this president.

That's what those investments will do. It's truly the golden age of America. And that's why the president is working so hard to leverage good trade deals around the world. He knows America is the best place in the world to do business. He is using our leverage to negotiate good deals with countries around the world to onshore manufacturing jobs here, to revitalize our middle class and our manufacturing industry, and also to protect our national security.

So far, total investment commitments under the Trump administration have reached more than $5 trillion, including $500 billion from Apple in US-based manufacturing and training, $500 billion from Nvidia in AI infrastructure, $100 billion from TSMC in US-based chips manufacturing, and the $500 billion private Investment by OpenAI, Oracle and SoftBank in AI infrastructure as well.

I don't think any American agrees it's good that China currently supplies and produces our chips, our pharmaceuticals and our critical industries. We want the united -- those things built in the United States of America and President Trump is the first president in modern times to actually do something about that.

All of these investment commitments are estimated to generate at least 451,000 new high paying jobs for American workers and families. At this point, President Trump has secured more investments in the United States of America in 100 days than Joe Biden did in four years. President Trump is America's businessman in chief, and that's why these trillions of dollars in investments are flooding to our country.

So, with that said, today is 100 days. There have been so many achievements not just on the economic front, and the president continues to work very hard on tax cuts as well and on negotiating those trade deals. But look at the success at the southern border, which we talked a lot about yesterday with our border czar, Tom Homan, Secretary Kristi Noem, Stephen Miller here at the White House, all of whom are doing a tremendous job and have created, at the president's direction, the most secure border in American history.

The business community is bullish on America because President Trump is back in charge. Tomorrow the president will host CEOs and leaders from several companies that have made these investments to tout their historic commitments to our country and encourage others to follow suit. Under President Trump, there has never been a better time to invest in America.

We have a mass deportation campaign of illegal aliens underway. We are removing heinous criminals from your communities across the country every single day. We are making America safe again. And if you look abroad on the world stage, the president is really using his peace through strength foreign policy approach once again.

And the president finally said enough is enough and refused to allow America and our workers to be ripped off any longer on trade. President Trump implemented powerful tariffs to end the era of economic surrender and to rebalance America's trading agreements. More than 100 countries have already come to the table looking to offer more favorable terms for America and our people.

The rest of the world knows that America is back. I know Joe Biden used to say that, but we're stealing it from him because it's actually true now with President Trump in the Oval Office. The world is a safer place and will continue to be. So, thanks for coming to the influencer briefing. I look forward to taking your questions.

There has never been a president who has created his own leverage like this president, and we are just getting started. Republicans in Congress are getting very close to passing President Trump's one big beautiful bill, which will include the largest tax cuts in American history, strong border security measures, major military advancements, dramatic deregulation and common sense spending reforms.

And Deborah, why don't you kick us off?

As President Trump has said before, the best is yet to come. For more on President Trump's economic successes so far and the plans ahead, I want to pass it off to our incredible Treasury secretary, Scott Bessent, who is here today. And we will open it up to questions. In our new media seat, we have Brendan Pedersen, the financial services reporter for Punchbowl News.

Punchbowl news covers power, people, and politics based in Washington DC, laser focus on Capitol Hill, the politics of legislating, founded in 2021. And it is the first newsletter that Capitol Hill and the White House reads every morning, in the middle of the day, and throughout the evening. Thanks for being here with us, and we'll start with you today.

Yeah, the first answer that comes to mind, Deborah, is definitely tax cuts. The president is working closely with congress as we speak. He met with leadership from both chambers. The administration met with leadership from both chambers yesterday to talk about how we can quickly pass the largest tax cuts in American history.

And the president promised on the campaign trail, he wanted no tax on tips, no tax on Social Security for our hardworking seniors, no tax on overtime pay. He intends to keep those promises, and he needs congress' help to do so, that's why he's working closely with them. But you look at -- again, I talked about the leverage the president uses to negotiate good trade deals around the world, but he uses that leverage right here in Washington as well on Capitol Hill.

He has great relationships with leaders on both chambers and we are confident that we can pass a massive tax bill which will directly lead to more money in people's pockets right away. Sure, go ahead.

The president is optimistic yet realistic about the incredibly complicated and unfortunate situation happening with Ukraine and Russia. First of all, this is Biden's war. It would have never started if President Trump were in office. There is a reason that Putin did not invade Ukraine when President Trump was in the Oval Office.

And it's because, again, President Trump leveraged the power of the United States to warn Putin not to do it. And the president has spoken about that in those direct warnings to the Kremlin that he gave in his first term. Then we had a mentally incompetent president in Joe Biden who didn't even know what day it is never mind knew how to prevent war.

And the entire world took advantage of that and took advantage of America's lackluster leadership abroad. And so, we've had this terrible war. The president talks about it all the time. He's briefed on it constantly. There are men dying on the front lines of this, an entire generation is being wiped out and enough is enough.

The president has made it very clear he wants to see this end at the negotiating table, not on the battlefield. He has spoken directly to both sides of this war. He most recently met with President Zelenskyy at the Vatican when he attended the funeral of Pope Francis. And he remains optimistic that both sides will come together to negotiate peace.

There are a lot of complexities on both sides of this war, but -- and so, he's realistic about that. But he is optimistic that we are moving in the right direction. And if you just take a step back and look at where we are now, where you have concessions from both sides publicly, where you have ceasefire proposals from both sides.

The president has made it clear he wants a permanent ceasefire first. But you actually have the United States talking to Russia. You have the United States talking to the Ukrainians on a daily basis, communicating with both sides. Look at that compared to where we were when we came into office, where neither side was talking.

Weija?

There was just one approach to ending this war. No one was really talking about a peace deal. We were just talking about continuing to send blank checks to continue funding the fighting and the killing. This war has been a meat grinder, young men are dying, women and children are dying as a collateral result of the military conflict.

And the president wants to see it end as quickly and as soon as possible. And I can tell you watching firsthand, he has exuded a tremendous amount of effort into this war. He's getting frustrated with the amount of effort this has taken, and he's made that clear to both sides, but he remains optimistic that we can get this done.

Brendan?

Sure, let's do it. I love it.

Definitely Trump truthing.

Trump truthing all the way, and the Canadians would benefit greatly, let me tell you that.

Bloomberg, go ahead.

I think that is an optimistic goal and the president -- so I would say we're on the side of truthing there for sure. And the president again wants to see tax cuts and he wants to see this massive revenue that we can gain from tariffs as well, which will create the external revenue service. So, that's a definitive goal for sure.

Trump trolling, although the hats are flying off the shelves. Yes. Link, go ahead.

Yeah, well, it's a great question. And first to the heart of your premise -- it's true, the president has empowered not just me as a young mother in this role, but there are so many new moms and dads on our senior staff in the West Wing, but also across the entire administration. There are working moms and dads who are owing our country public service for President Trump while raising young families.

Jasmine?

And the president really empowers us to do that, and I commend him for that. He doesn't get enough credit for it. But as for -- the president is implementing policies every day to uplift young families and young people. He talks so much about young people and talked directly to young people so much on the campaign trail.

It really, I think, inspires him when he is around young people and a young audience. And he wants to restore the American dream for the next generation, not just our generation of young folks, but our children and our grandchildren. What does that look like? Homeownership, the ability to afford a home, to live -- to have a good paying job.

That's part of this effort to onshore jobs because you have an entire generation going to these incredibly expensive and liberal higher education universities coming out saddled with debt and then unable to get a good paying job. The president wants to put an end to that so that young people can provide for their families and truly live the American dream.

So, to young people around the country, the president hears you, he sees you, he loves you and he wants to uplift you. And all of the policies he is implementing every day are to provide a more prosperous and safe and free America for future generations. You're welcome. Sure. Hi, you too.

Andrea.

It's a major issue, as you mentioned, that's directly impacting young people and young families. And the president is, I think, tackling it head on already. The reason that homes have become so unaffordable is because of the massive inflation crisis caused by the previous administration, not just the cost of a home, but everything that goes into building a new home went up and through the roof, right?

We also saw mortgage rates reach incredible highs under the previous administration. So, a few things. The president wants to bring down the cost of living, which he is already doing, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, which will increase our supply of homes across the country. But he also wants to bring down mortgage rates and interest rates to make it easier for young people and all people to borrow money, to take out those loans, to buy your first home.

And so, we've got to increase the supply, bring down costs and bring down interest rates and mortgage rates. And by the way, those are all things the president successfully did in his first term. When he left office inflation was a record low 1.4 percent. Interest rates, mortgage rates also hit record lows in his first term.

Sean.

So, this is a proven economic formula that works. It takes time to get there. We are in the process of the golden age. The president and the admin are slashing regulation every day, cutting red tape, cutting costs, and we need, again, congress to pass those tax cuts to put more money back in people's pockets, so they have greater purchasing power as well.

You're welcome. Sure.

Oh, great.

Sean, go ahead.

Well, the president is a businessman at heart himself, right. He's a real estate developer and I think that's a large reason the American people elected him the first time and the second time, because they trust in him. And small businesses are the backbone of our American economy. I come from a small business family myself and the president knows what small business families need and independent contractors need, entrepreneurs need -- you need less government in the way, you need less regulation.

You need low energy costs, low taxes, a low cost of living, a low cost of goods. And that's exactly what the president is focused on doing, while simultaneously effectively leveraging tariffs to protect our middle class and our working class and our manufacturing base. Look at our auto industry, think about Michigan, it used to be the heartland of the auto industry of the world.

I will take this since I just got off the phone with the president about Amazon's announcement. This is a hostile and political act by Amazon. Why didn't Amazon do this when the Biden administration hiked inflation to the highest level in 40 years? And I would also add that it's not a surprise because as Reuters recently wrote, Amazon has partnered with a Chinese propaganda arm.

It was the auto capital of the world. And unfortunately, so many of those jobs have gone overseas. And so, the president wants to protect good paying jobs here at home and unleash the might of our economy for small business owners. And that removes -- that includes removing red tape and cutting taxes. And as for independent contractors and what the president would hope to do with congress, we'll definitely check back in on that and get you an answer because it's an important question.

So this is another reason why Americans should buy American. It's another reason why we are onshoring critical supply chains here at home to shore up our own critical supply chain and boost our own manufacturing here.

You're welcome. Sure.

Look, I will not speak to the President's uh relationships with Jeff Bezos, but I will tell you that this is certainly a hostile and political action by Amazon, and Secretary, if you have anything to add.

Sure, to your first question about the critical minerals deal, the president is confident that will be signed. Ukraine needs to sign it; they should sign it. It's not just good for the United States to recoup the billions of tax dollars we've spent and onshore some of those critical minerals, but certainly it's good for the Ukrainian people when this war is over to rebuild their country.

It's an economic partnership between the United States and Ukraine. That's what the president envisions, and he wants Ukraine to sign that deal. He's confident that they will. As for what it would look like later down the road, I don't want to get ahead of the president, obviously. But again, I will reiterate he's increasingly grown frustrated at the amount of time.

Our secretary of state recently said there's not much more time or effort the United States has to give to this effort. And so, we need both sides to come to the table to negotiate. As for Greenland, it's -- I hadn't seen those comments. If true, I'm sure they are -- certainly an interesting strategy to cozy up to communist China.

Greenland needs the United States of America. We subsidize their national security and their defense. And the president has rightfully pointed out the great strategic importance that Greenland serves for not just our national security and economic interests, but for our country and for the world as a whole.

Kelly, go ahead.

And we can't allow Chinese or Russian influence to continue to infiltrate places like Greenland or the Panama Canal, I may add. To the back.

I think the president has spoken on this, he said the stock market gets yippy, but he doesn't get yippy. He trusts in his economic agenda and formula, obviously. And Wall Street made out very well in President Trump's first term. President Trump also wants to look out for Main Street and do what's best for both.

I would say trust in President Trump. There is a reason he was reelected to this office. It's because of the historic success of his economic formula in the first term. And as I laid out at the beginning of the briefing and the secretary has talked about, and the president talks about every day, there's a proven formula that works, massive deregulation, energy independence and tax cuts which are coming.

So, I think the president right now, his main focus, what drives him to make decisions is what's best for the working-class Americans, for the American worker, for the small business owner, for American families. And he's trying to correct the wrongs of the last several decades, not just the last four years with the economic and inflation nightmare caused by the Biden administration, but of the unfair trade practices that have ripped off our country for a very long time.

And the secretary is working very hard on that with our counterparts on Capitol Hill, if you want to talk about that. That's a huge deal to put more money back into the pockets of hardworking Americans. As for the fair-trade deals the president is trying to negotiate, he's not just righting the wrong of the mess that he inherited from the past four years of the Biden administration, this is a mess that has been created for the past four decades, that has sold out the middle class, that has moved jobs overseas.

So, look, the stock market goes up, it goes down, but President Trump has a goal, he has a vision and he's remaining very much committed to that. Thank you so much, everybody, for joining today. We're heading off to Michigan tonight for a big rally. So, I'm sure we'll see all of your amazing creative content on social media later.

You think about our heartland, middle America, what towns used to look like, what they look like today. President Trump wants to restore the golden age and it's a process to do that. And that process is underway, but he's put together a fantastic trade team, Secretary Bassett, Secretary Lutnick, Jamison Greer, all working incredibly hard on this effort, 24/7. But tax cuts are coming and that's key.

It's going to be a great speech and maybe you'll get a Trump dance too. So, thank you so much for coming today. It's a pleasure to have you here. Thank you.

And Mr. Secretary, why don't you talk a little bit about that.

Megan, in the back.

I would just add, Megan, the president will sign the executive order on auto tariffs later today, and we will release it as we always do. Go ahead.

Edward?

And just a hard --

The president met with President Zelenskyy, as you know, which we talked about. And the president continues to be engaged with his fellow foreign leaders -- or his fellow leaders around the world and the European Union. You've seen many of them visit the White House. I want to harp on, in closing, the point the secretary just made.

On the campaign trail, the president promised the American public that he was going to make America the best country in the world to do business again, the lowest taxes, lowest regulation, lowest energy costs of anywhere in the world. And if you do business in the United States, you won't pay a tariff. You won't pay a price.

That's not just good for companies around the world, but it's good for the American worker. That's what this team is focused so hard on every day. We have work to do. The Golden Age of America is underway. But as I pointed out in the beginning, there's a lot of reason for the American consumer, the American CEO, the American small business owner to be confident and optimistic about this president and where we're headed.

So, you will hear more from the president himself. Later this evening, he is traveling to Michigan, as you all know. He'll make a stop at the Air Force base with Governor Whitmer. And then we will head to a rally tonight, where you'll hear more from him directly. So, we'll see you in Michigan. Thank you, guys.