Good to see you bright and early on this Monday morning. As you know, this week marks the first 100 days of the Trump presidency, and President Trump's first 100 days have undoubtedly been the most monumental and historic of any administration in American history. President Trump has already delivered on hundreds of promises he made to the American people, and we will continue to talk about all of them throughout this week.

Good afternoon, everybody.

Tomorrow I will host a press briefing at this same time, bright and early again, to highlight the Trump administration's economic accomplishments with our Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent. And tomorrow night President Trump will travel to Michigan to discuss all that he has achieved on behalf of the American people.

On Wednesday, the president will host an open press cabinet meeting where each cabinet member will discuss their success thus far and their plans for the future. Today we kick off 100 Day Week with a focus on the president's historic effort to secure our southern border. Later this afternoon, President Trump will sign an executive order on law and order and another executive order on sanctuary cities.

Thank you for coming today. It's great to be with you. This is our first official influencer briefing here at the White House. I want to thank you all so much for joining us on what is day 99 of the Trump administration. And as I promised at my first briefing as press secretary back in January, the Trump White House will speak to all media outlets and personalities, not just the legacy media who traditionally has covered this institution.

The first EO will strengthen and unleash America's law enforcement to pursue criminals and protect innocent citizens. The second EO is centered around protecting American communities from criminal aliens, and it will direct the attorney general and secretary of Homeland Security to publish a list of state and local jurisdictions that obstruct the enforcement of federal immigration laws.

Tens of millions of Americans are now turning to social media and independent media outlets to consume their news, and we are embracing that change, not ignoring it. It's well past time that the White House press operation reflected the media habits of the American people in 2025, not 1925. And thanks to President Trump, a select group of DC-based journalists no longer have a monopoly over press access here at the White House.

After these are signed, the president will have signed more than 140 executive orders already, rapidly approaching the total number signed by the Biden administration over the course of four years in office. Speaking of Joe Biden, it was his awful open border policies that recklessly allowed more than 10 million illegal aliens to invade the United States over the past four years.

All journalists, outlets and voices have a seat at the table now, and you being here today for this briefing proves that. Today officially marks the 99th day of promises made and kept by President Trump. Our primary focus today is how President Trump has fulfilled one of his central campaign promises to the American people in record time, ending the massive illegal invasion and securing our nation's southern and northern borders.

Innocent Americans like Laken Riley, Jocelyn Nungaray, Rachel Moran and so many others were viciously murdered at the hands of these illegal aliens as a result of Biden's dereliction of duty. That's why one of President Trump's central campaign promises was to secure the border and end this invasion. In just under 100 days, 99 now to be exact, the president has overwhelmingly delivered on that promise.

As we know, Joe Biden allowed millions of criminal illegal aliens to pour into our country over the past four years. And as we all know, a significant number of those aliens have been vicious gang members, murderers, rapists and pedophiles. Innocent Americans like Laken Riley, Jocelyn Nungaray, Rachel Moran and many others have been murdered because of Joe Biden's open border.

America's borders are now secure because of President Trump. He has restored the rule of law, enforced our immigration laws, and defended America's sovereignty. The president immediately declared a national emergency on the southern border, deployed the US military and Border Patrol to repel the invasion, and ended reckless catch and release policies.

President Trump made a promise to the American people, to all of you and your audiences to end the carnage and keep our country safe. And he has overwhelmingly delivered on that promise. He immediately declared a national emergency on the southern border, deployed the US military and Border Patrol to repel the invasion, and ended reckless catch and release policies.

The results have been nothing short of extraordinary. Between President Trump's inauguration and April 1 of this month, only nine illegal aliens were released into the United States, a staggering 99.99 percent decrease from the more than 184,000 illegal aliens who were released into the country under Biden during the same period last year.

And as a result, between the inauguration and April 1st of this month, only nine illegal aliens were released into the United States of America. This is a staggering 99.99 percent decrease from more than the 184,000 illegal aliens who were released into the country under Joe Biden during that same period last year.

The number of unaccompanied illegal alien children arriving at the border has also hit a record low. Total attempted illegal crossings at the southwest border hit a record low in February, only to fall to another new record low again last month in March. Just listen to these incredible numbers. In March 2024 under Joe Biden, Border Patrol encountered approximately 140,000 illegal aliens at the southwest border.

You can't get much better than 99.99 percent decrease. Total attempted illegal crossings at the southwest border hit a record low in February, only to fall to another record low again last month in March. President Trump signed the Laken Riley Act into law requiring illegal aliens arrested or charged with theft or violence to be detained.

One year later, in March 2025 under President Trump, Border Patrol encountered just over 7,000 illegal aliens at the southwest border. That's another 95 percent decrease from the prior year. The first piece of legislation President Trump signed into law was the Laken Riley Act, which required -- requires illegal aliens arrested or charged with theft or violence to be detained.

And he reestablished the successful Remain in Mexico policy from his first term. The president has also restarted construction of his signature border wall, more than 85 miles have been built in are in various stages of construction and planning. He designated cartels as foreign terrorist organizations, invoked the Alien Enemies Act to apprehend, detain and remove these massive threats who have flooded our country.

President Trump also reestablished the successful remain in Mexico policy from his first term to ensure that aliens who arrive at our southern border and claim asylum are returned to Mexico to await their hearings instead of being allowed into our country while they wait. The president has also restarted construction of his signature advanced border wall.

And the Trump administration, as you heard from our border czar, Tom Homan, earlier today, is working literally 24/7, around the clock, to successfully arrest and deport illegal criminals and foreign terrorists from our communities, your communities. We're in the beginning stages of carrying out the largest deportation campaign in American history and, despite the legacy media's fear mongering and lies about this, we will continue with these successful operations because we know that's what the American people are expecting from this president and that's why they overwhelmingly reelected him to this office.

More than 85 miles of new border barrier are already in various stages of construction and planning. And Border Patrol, in collaboration with the Department of Defense and the great state of Texas, have deployed 75 additional miles of temporary barriers across the southern border. The Trump administration, as you know, has also ended the disastrous CBP One app, which Joe Biden exploited to facilitate the migration of nearly one million illegal aliens into the country.

Over the past weekend, it was announced Operation Tidal Wave was a joint effort in ICE Miami and Florida law enforcement agencies. Nearly 800 illegal aliens were arrested during the first four days alone. I don't know if we have any Floridians in here, but you're welcome. Operation Tidal Wave is a preview of what is to come around the country.

The Department of Homeland Security has relaunched this as the CBP Home app to provide illegal aliens in the US a straightforward way to declare their intent to voluntarily depart. For years Joe Biden's weakness and open border policies allowed vicious cartels to functionally control, through a campaign of terror, rape and brutal force, nearly all illegal traffic across the southern border.

Large-scale operations employing our state and local law enforcement partners to get criminal aliens off our streets, and we will not apologize for this. This is the first of its kind multi-agency immigration enforcement operation coordinated by ICE with federal partners. And this multi-day operation has so far resulted in nearly 800 illegal aliens apprehended in four days, including Ms. 13 murderers, rapists, drug traffickers and human rights abuses.

President Trump has put a stop to this in record time. He designated these heinous cartels as foreign terrorist organizations and invoked the Alien Enemies Act to immediately apprehend, detain, and remove these massive threats who have flooded our country with deadly drugs, violent criminals, and vicious gangs.

So, safe to say President Trump made a promise to all of you, your audiences and the American public to secure our nation's borders. He has overwhelmingly delivered on that promise. And you will see the legacy media has nitpicked stories to try to drum up sympathy for people who broke our nation's laws. This White House has sympathy for American citizens, for law abiding families who are doing what's right, who came here the right way, that includes legal immigrants who have come to this country, paid their dues, waited their turn and are now being cheated and ripped off by -- or were being cheated and ripped off by the previous administration.

The Trump administration is working 24/7 to successfully arrest and deport these illegal criminals and foreign terrorists from our communities. We are in the beginning stages of carrying out the largest deportation campaign in American history. Over this past weekend, it was announced that, through Operation Tidal Wave, a joint effort between ICE Miami and Florida law enforcement agencies, nearly 800 illegal aliens were arrested during the first four days alone.

We are putting Americans first every day and we applaud the ICE agents and Border Patrol agents who are on the ground doing this important work. That's just the border. Of course, the president has been working incredibly hard to unleash the might of our economy here at home. He's in the process of negotiating fair trade deals abroad with many countries around the world who have come to the table because the president is using the leverage of this office of the United States of America to leverage our economic might and to cut good trade deals.

Among those arrested were a Colombian murderer, alleged MS-13 and 18th Street gang members, and a Russian with a red notice for manslaughter. And on the other side of the country in the early Sunday morning hours, DOJ and DHS together launched a joint raid of an illegal alien underground nightclub used by Tren de Aragua in Colorado Springs, Colorado.

You also look at what's happening on the foreign -- on the world stage. When it comes to foreign policy, the president has put the world on notice. They all understand that we have a commander in chief in the Oval Office who is going to put America and our troops first, who's going to do what's right for our country, our nation, our people, even if that means making tough decisions.

DHS took more than 100 illegal aliens into custody and many drugs and weapons were also seized. Operation Tidal Wave is a preview of what is to come around this country, large scale operations that employ our state and local law enforcement partners to get criminal illegal aliens off our streets. As always, President Trump and our entire administration are grateful for the courageous law enforcement officers who are putting their lives on the line every single day to protect their fellow Americans and to keep our country safe.

And we are closer today to a peace deal in Russia and Ukraine, certainly, than we were when we took office on January 20th. If you look at the situation in the Middle East, Israel has never had a stronger friend than they do right now in the Oval Office with President Trump. We've had more than 75 hostages who have returned home from around the world or wrongfully detained individuals.

You can only do that if you have a president who's unafraid to use the leverage of the United States. So, there are many accomplishments to talk about this week. I haven't even mentioned the restoring commonsense effort of this administration to get men out of women's sports, to root out DEI and waste, fraud and abuse from our federal bureaucracy.

I will let Tom deliver some short remarks and then we'll open it up for questions today. Thanks for being here, Tom.

The president has done so much in such little time and we're working very hard here every day. We appreciate all that you do on social media to push what the president is saying, but also sometimes question it and we relish independent journalism. And I hope you all have seen the president, myself, anybody in this administration, we are unafraid to take questions.

This has truly been the most transparent and accessible presidency in American history. So, with that, let's kick it off and I'm happy to take your question first, Erin.

Sure, obey federal law or you will be prosecuted, obey federal law and you could see your federal funding cut whether you are at college or university. We have seen the president, again, using the leverage of this administration and to negotiate deals with some of the biggest colleges and universities in this country.

And if they don't want to come to the negotiating table to apologize for the federal laws they have broken, to apologize for allowing Jewish American students on our nation's campuses to be unlawfully bullied and harassed. Then there's going to be consequences for that illegal behavior. Same thing with men in women's sports.

The president signed a very strong executive order making it the policy of the United States federal government that there are only two sexes, male and female. And we are not going to tolerate biological men competing in sports or impeding in private spaces for women like myself or you. And we've seen states defy this federal order.

You've seen the state of Maine, unfortunately, because of their liberal governor who nobody in that state disagrees with, I will add being from New England, I can attest to that. People are incredibly fed up with her trying to oppose this commonsense message. You've seen young women who have had to go on television to plead with their governor, please stop letting men play against me in sports.

We shouldn't live in a country where that even has to happen. The president deeply understands that; that's why he signed that EO. And when Maine decided not to follow it, the Department of Justice sued them. So, anyone who disobeys federal law will be either prosecuted, sued or say goodbye to your federal funding.

Sure, how about to the back in the red tie?

Sure. I don't have an official timeline for you, but certainly it's a priority of the administration. The president has talked about this for years, right? It was his signature campaign promise dating back to 2016. People laughed at him when he originally brought this idea up, but now the whole world recognizes a border wall is effective.

It's a necessary means to secure your nation's territorial borders. Democrats like to have borders outside of their homes, or walls outside of their homes for a reason because they know it repels invaders, and that's why the president wants to do that at the southern border. There have been more than 85 miles built just since January 20th. It's obviously the goal of this administration to build as much border wall as we possibly can, and we need congress' help to do that.

We need more federal funding. The president is working closely with Speaker Johnson and Senate Majority Leader Thune to pass a solid reconciliation package that not only provides more funding for our ICE agents and Border Patrol agents on the ground, but to continue construction of that border wall as well.

Awesome. Thank you, Tom and thanks for all your great efforts. We do want to open it up to questions, if you have border-related for Mr. Homan, and I'm also happy to take any non-boarder related questions. I'm happy to take border questions too, but Tom is here offering his time, so we encourage you to ask him questions.

Sure, go ahead.

We'll start with our new media seat today, as always. Rogan O'Handley, former Hollywood entertainment lawyer.

Well, to your latter question, it's a very good one. I have not heard that proposed to the president nor have I spoken to him about that idea. But I certainly can, and talk to our national security team, and see if it's something the administration would entertain.

To your first question about free speech in the United Kingdom, the vice president has been incredibly outspoken about this for good reason. And the president has spoken about this as well, directly with your prime minister when he was here for a visit to the White House. So, it remains a critical endeavor of ours to show the Brits and your country, which we love and admire, about the First Amendment and the importance of free speech in a sovereign nation.

I have not heard such discussions take place, but I can assure you that the president and the entire administration are certainly open to all legal and constitutional remedies to ensure we can continue with the promise of deporting illegal criminals from our nation's borders. And I also agree with the premise of your question, which doesn't happen in this room often, but I do agree with yours.

As for the trade talks, I understand they are moving in a very positive way with the United Kingdom. I don't want to get ahead of the president or our trade team on how those negotiations are going but I have heard they've been very positive and productive with the United Kingdom. And I will say the president always, both publicly and privately, speaks incredibly highly of your country.

It is absurd that the previous administration was allowed to allow 15 million, that we know about, illegal aliens into this country with very little pushback from our judicial branch. But this president is trying to simply enforce our nation's immigration laws and is facing roadblock after roadblock. So we're complying with court orders, but as Tom Homan has said, every day, we're going to continue to forge ahead with this mass deportation campaign and the president is open to all remedies to do that.

He has a good relationship with your prime minister, though they disagree on domestic policy issues. I've witnessed the camaraderie between them firsthand in the Oval Office and there is a deep mutual respect between our two countries that certainly the president upholds.

Thanks for being here today, Rogan. If you have anything else.

You're welcome. Mr. Spicer, it's good to see you here, my predecessor.

It's a really good question, Sean. I think reconciliation is the first and foremost question on the President's mind right now. It's a huge deal. We have to get it done. He's working closely with congress. In fact, he's meeting with Speaker Johnson, I think, in a few minutes today in the Oval Office to discuss this very bill and measure.

Aside from reconciliation, which we hope and are very confident will include more funding for border wall construction and mass deportations, as I mentioned earlier. But it's also very important that we get tax cuts passed. That is the second step in the Trump economic agenda. The president has used every executive lever he can to slash burdensome regulation.

And we continue to do that every day across every agency. Administrator Zeldin is doing a fantastic job at the EPA, I may add, but every cabinet secretary is taking getting rid of regulation very seriously. The president is certainly working on unleashing American energy to drive down costs, but tax cuts are a critical component of really seeing the Trump economic formula be put together.

So, he wants to see tax cuts passed in this reconciliation package, that includes no tax on tips, no tax on Social Security, no tax on overtime, no tax on Social Security for our seniors of course, too. As for other measures that would be codified into law, certainly we've seen the president put forth commonsense executive orders and take really commonsense executive action that we would love congress to take further action on to ensure that the president's executive actions can remain long after his tenure, so you don't have another president come in here in eight years and undo some of the executive work that the president has worked so hard on. So, we want congress to continue getting to work but we've got to get this reconciliation bill passed first.

Mary?

Look, I will tell you what the president of El Salvador told all of you in the Oval Office. El Salvador does not intend to smuggle a designated foreign terrorist back into the United States. He is an El Salvadorian national. That is his home country. That is where he belongs. And the administration intends to comply with what President Bukele said of El Salvador.

Because the president is unafraid and he is inspired by competition and he likes to talk to people face to face, and I think that's one of his best attributes and qualities. We live in an incredibly divisive country, unfortunately, that has been really the result and consequence frankly of the fake news and the hoaxes and lies they have driven at this president for the better part of the last decade now.

He does not intend to send that individual back.

But the fact that we still have a president who has been a victim of these hoaxes, these lies, these smears by so many legacy media outlets and reporters, yet he's still willing to sit down with them, look them in the eye, look them face to face and take them to task and share the truth with them and his perspective I think is what the American people deserve in a president.

And it's certainly a stark contrast to what we had in the previous administration, a president who was hiding, who actually used this beautiful South Court Auditorium, which we're happy to be in today, but he used this like it was a fake Oval Office, weirdly, oddly. He was missing in action. He called lids at 2:00 in the afternoon.

What I have told you is that the President of El Salvador has made this quite clear. Kate?

For those who don't know, a lid is when we tell the press to go home for the night, and he was doing that midday. That is not acceptable around here. I will tell you we're working very early through the very late hours of the night. And the president is willing to talk to anyone, not just journalists who have really been posing as journalists but are actually left-wing activists.

But also, if you look at our adversaries and our competition abroad on a foreign policy scale, you know well in the first term, he went to North Korea. He talked to Putin directly. He talked to President Xi directly. The president believes in direct diplomacy, whether it is our adversaries and competitors around the world or left-wing activists like Jeffrey Goldberg.

Look, the president talked about this after the meeting himself yesterday when he took questions from reporters on Air Force One. He thinks that he is increasingly frustrated with leaders of both countries. He wants to see a permanent ceasefire. I understand Vladimir Putin this morning offered a temporary ceasefire.

The president has made it clear he wants to see a permanent ceasefire, first to stop the killing, stop the bloodshed. And while he remains optimistic he can strike a deal, he's also being realistic as well. And both leaders need to come to the table to negotiate their way out of this. And I do think that the president meeting with President Zelenskyy shows that he is exuding a lot of effort and time into this because he wants to be a peacemaker president, which he was in his first term.

He intends to do that again. And this is an incredibly difficult situation and conflict that President Trump inherited from President Biden, who allowed this war to start in the first place. But he's focused on solving this problem. Does anyone have border questions?

Sure. First of all, the reports last week were from Hamas media, and so we always take that of course with a grain of salt. We do our own verification on those reports. I talked to the National Security Council about Edan Alexander last week as this is obviously a priority for the administration. And all I can tell you is that I can assure you that the special envoy Witkoff, Adam Boehler who's been leading some of our hostage negotiations, Mike Waltz, the entire national security team, finding him and bringing him home is a priority for this administration.

And they continue to work very hard on that every day.

Sure. OK.

You're welcome. Chad.

Sure. Well, for each individual agency, secretaries of those agencies obviously have deference over who they hire, who they fire, who they promote. I can tell you certainly the president commends anyone who steps out and speaks the truth, especially against the malpractice that we saw over the last four years under the previous administration.

Go ahead.

I could speak to the two cases at the Treasury Department. The two whistleblowers there who blew the whistle on the Hunter Biden tax fraud case have been promoted by Secretary Bessett. So, certainly, we commend anyone who has the courage to step up and speak the truth. And as for those who unfortunately tried to leak, especially classified information, to the legacy media, to put our troops in harm's way, our law enforcement officials at harm's way, leaks like that will not be tolerated.

But those who are seeking to protect the truth will certainly be commended and applauded for that. Sure, Rogan, go ahead. Good to see you again.

Sure, I can assure you that the attorney general and her team at the Department of Justice are working on this diligently. For a specific timeline, I'd have to check in with them and we can certainly do that for you, Rogen, in the effort of transparency. But I will tell you the Attorney General is a bulldog.

She is someone you want on your team. And when she wants to get something done, she gets it done. I've seen her do it in various instances already in her time as attorney general. And when she makes a promise, she keeps it. So, I think I don't have a specific timeline for you on that, but I do know that they're working on it over there.

Sure. Go ahead.

Sure.

Yes, as I spoke to Sean's question earlier, absolutely we want congress to get to work. First thing is the reconciliation package, like I said, border and tax cuts, that's on the president's mind. But of course, he wants to see congress move to codify all of the incredible things and work that he's done via executive order.

Go ahead.

To your first question about the nuts and bolts, I wish more people in the legacy media were like you and didn't focus on the sensationalist headlines but actually cared about the facts. The president is doing so many phenomenal things every day that will never be mentioned on cable news at night signing executive orders.

We do our absolute best to message that, which is again why we're welcoming independent voices like yours with following on social media because that's the best way to get those truths and those facts out there. We put out fact sheets on the daily about what the president is signing, and they do get into the nuts and bolts of each and every policy and each and every executive action that he's taking.

What are -- what are you asking for? We just provided the numbers.

He's signing three phenomenal executive orders today. I will share a preview with you on those. One of them is an executive order focused on sanctuary cities. It will direct the attorney general, Pam Bondi, to provide a list of sanctuary cities back to the administration. We will review those. If those sanctuary cities are breaking federal law, well then the Office of Management and Budget is going to look at their federal spending.

Again, if you're defying federal law, you are threatening your own federal spending by doing that. There is another executive order the president will sign tonight, we can provide the fact sheet for you, on ensuring law and order and ensuring that federal law enforcement and local law enforcement can work together and communicate more easily.

Go ahead, Tom.

And then the third executive order, which actually speaks to the heart of your question earlier about the Uber drivers, will be an order directing the Department of Transportation to include English literacy tests for our truckers. This is a big problem in the trucking community that, unless you're in that community, you might not know.

But there's a lot of communication problems between truckers on the road with federal officials and local officials as well, which obviously is a public safety risk. So, we're going to ensure that our truckers, who are the backbone of our economy, are all able to speak English. That's a very commonsense policy in the United States of America.

So, the president will be signing that later this afternoon. Yeah, you're welcome. To the back in the yellow tie.

That's right.

Well, I will tell you this is something the Secretary of Commerce and the Secretary of Treasury are both equally as excited about as is the president. And part of -- there's many reasons for the tariffs the president has implemented and the trade deals that he is currently negotiating. Number one, we need to shore up our critical supply chains here at home.

Sure. Go ahead.

Number two, we need to increase our revenue here in the United States. We are running trillions of dollars of deficits. Our country will cripple if we continue down this path. And so, how great it would be for the External Revenue to completely replace the Internal Revenue Service. So, I know the administration is focused on the external revenue service, getting that up and running.

And as you know, Customs and Border Protection is charged with bringing in the money from tariffs every day and they are bringing in billions and billions of dollars per day with the current tariff rates and where they are at. So, we will continue with that effort. I think I went around the room -- oh, nope.

Well, first of all -- I'll answer that question because I already answered it in my opening remarks. To date, since January 1st, there's been more than 85 miles of new border wall construction in various stages of that construction and planning. The president has made it clear to Congress that we want to see more funding for not just border wall construction but also to support our ICE agents and our Border patrol agents who are on the ground facilitating with this mass deportation effort.

One more in the back.

This is something the president talked about on the campaign trail for sure. We need congress to do it, but the president will always support our law-abiding gun owners and, as you mentioned, is an ardent supporter of the Second Amendment. It's more important now than ever as we see violent crime rates in our inner cities.

I've said this repeatedly over the past four years, the Second Amendment was never more important than when we had an illegal immigrant crime epidemic spiking in this country. Law abiding Americans have a constitutional right to defend themselves and the president absolutely supports that. But to national reciprocity, we do need congress's help on that one.

So, thank you, guys. It's so good to see you. I could go around the room all day, but unfortunately there's work to be done. Thank you for coming to our very first influencer briefing to kick off the first 100 days of the Trump White House. It's great to see you all here and thanks for what you do.

John?

Thank you. I'm going to walk off now.

We'll go to the back row.

Yes.

Sure.

Go ahead.

Well, we'd have to defer you to the Department of Justice, obviously, for specific prosecutions or cases against individuals. But as I said in my remarks, the executive order the president will sign later this afternoon does direct the attorney general and also Kristi Noem our great secretary of Homeland Security, to provide a list of sanctuary cities in which local officials are not complying with this federal order and are not complying with federal immigration laws.

It's quite simple, obey the law, respect the law and don't obstruct federal immigration officials and law enforcement officials when they are simply trying to remove public safety threats from our nation's communities. The American public don't want illegal alien criminals in their communities. They made that quite clear on November 5th, and this administration is determined to enforce our nation's immigration laws and we're happy to provide the text of that executive order.

And as I said, the president will be signing it later this afternoon. Sure.

Well, the president was referring to our H-1b and H-1b visa programs, and there have been no final decisions on that at all. But the president, I think what he was intended to speak about, what he was speaking about is ensuring that we have a clean legal immigration system that is being respected and obeyed.

And the mass amount of illegal immigration that we've seen over the past four years in our country, completely undermines our legal immigration system, those seeking citizenship, but also those coming here on a visa to legally and lawfully work. And the president wants to make sure that those programs are respected.

Reagan.

Mary Margaret, go ahead.

I do agree with that assessment from Alex Thompson, who I understand won an award for writing a story, months and perhaps years, after the American people already knew that story to be true. Millions of Americans watched our mentally incompetent president struggle with his day-to-day duties of this office.

We watched our country be ran into the ground as a result and nobody in the media wanted to write about that, talk about it. There were many -- many reporters, I will say, right-leaning reporters, who did talk about that who didn't get awards, didn't get coverage. In fact, they were lambasted for their coverage.

And I remember being on President Trump's campaign talking about Joe Biden's clear mental incompetence and being accused by people in this room of manufacturing deepfake videos trying to persuade the public into not believing what they saw with their own eyes for many years. And I think it's about time the legacy media finally admits that was one of the greatest cover ups and scandals that ever took place in American history.

And certainly, it did contribute to the decline in the trust that Americans have for the legacy media here, which, by the way, is why we've made many changes to this briefing room in this White House. It's long overdue. Peter, go ahead.

Well, that's a hypothetical question. Again, I'd defer you to the Department of Justice for individuals that they are looking at or individual cases. But let's be clear about what this judge did. She obstructed federal law enforcement who were looking for an illegal alien in her courthouse. She showed that illegal alien the door to evade law enforcement officials.

That is a clear cut case of obstruction. You don't have to be a lawyer to understand that. And so, anyone who is breaking the law or obstructing federal law enforcement officials from doing their jobs is putting themselves at risk of being prosecuted, absolutely.

There's no holdup. We're working around the clock. The trade team is working all day. I was on the phone late last night with Secretary Lutnick. I was on the phone this weekend as well with Secretary Bessent. I mean, the entire team is working 24/7 to get these trade deals done. And I think you'll be hearing more about them this week.

I don't want to get ahead of the trade team or the president in announcing potential deals, but certainly I can assure the American public that this administration is full speed ahead in -- in cutting good and fair trade deals on behalf of the American worker.

Hey, I'm --  all -- all I will say is the president put out a statement and a few rounds later he was drafted. So, I think the facts speak for themselves on that one, Peter. We'll go to the back row in the middle to the blond. Yes.

Hello.

Look, the president has made his position on Secretary Hegseth quite clear. He absolutely has confidence in the secretary's ability -- ability to lead the Pentagon. It's why he nominated him for this position. It's why the Senate voted to confirm him in this position. And look at the success that DOD has had thus far, their successful operation against the Houthi terrorists in the Middle East.

You look at -- the recruitment and retention levels for all branches of our armed forces are on the incline, which is exactly what this president intended to do. Secretary Hegseth has completely wiped out DEI from the Pentagon as well. And so, he's going to remain focused on standing up for our warfighters, on implementing President Trump's peace through strength foreign policy agenda abroad, and the president supports him in his role.

Sure.

Go ahead, Tom.

Awesome. Well, go ahead, Brian. Sure. We'll take one more question.

Take your notes from you, Tom.

Awesome. Thank you so much, Tom. You can get back to work. Now, look, he's already leaving.  He's got a lot to do, a lot of illegal immigrants to deport. But thanks, everyone, for joining us bright and early this morning. As I said at the top, we will do this again tomorrow to talk about the economy, which is another promise made and kept by the president.

And I'll be joined by the Secretary of Treasury, Scott Bessent, 8:30 tomorrow morning. Today, the president is welcoming the Super Bowl champions Philadelphia Eagles. If we have any Philly fans, that will be at 4:00. And then the president will sign those executive orders I spoke of and a few others at 5 p.m. So we'll see you all later.

Have a great day.