Good afternoon, everybody. OK. Thank you. How are you? Nice live shot. Good to see all of you. Happy Friday. It's great to be back with you. I want to provide an update on President Trump's actions in the wake of the catastrophic air collision that tragically claimed the lives of 67 people at Reagan National Airport on Wednesday night.

Everyone in this White House continues to mourn the victims and keep their friends and families in our thoughts and prayers during this unimaginable time. First, within moments of the collision, the president and his newly appointed team were in immediate communication. The president was briefed on Wednesday evening following the crash, again on Thursday morning and he has continued to receive updates as recovery efforts continue on the ground.

The president, as you know, took time to address the nation yesterday afternoon. To deliver accountability, President Trump swiftly signed a memorandum directing an immediate assessment of the Federal Aviation Administration to ensure the federal government is maintaining the highest personnel in policy aviation safety standards.

The memorandum directs the Secretary of Transportation and the FAA administrator to immediately review all hiring decisions and changes to safety protocols made during the prior four years and to take all necessary corrective actions to achieve uncompromised aviation safety.

The review will include a comprehensive assessment and reversal of any deterioration in hiring standards and aviation safety standards and protocols during the previous administration. Aviation safety was addressed by President Trump before this tragic collision even took place. On his second day in office, the president signed a memorandum to immediately stop Biden DEI hiring programs and return to nondiscriminatory, merit-based hiring.

And in 2018 during President Trump's first term, the Department of Transportation announced it would put an end at that time to use the biological questionnaire that was introduced by the Obama administration, which punished skilled applicants. President Trump has long led on the issue of aviation safety and he will continue to do so. He will continue to deliver on the promises he made to the American people at record speed.

The Senate has already confirmed eight of President Trump's exceptional cabinet nominees, including most recently, Transportation Secretary Sean Duffy, as you of course know, EPA Secretary Lee Zeldin and Interior Secretary Doug Burgum, who is who is scheduled to be sworn in later today. We expect the Senate to continue quickly confirming the remainder of President Trump's well-qualified nominees in the days ahead.

Earlier this week in the East Room, the president proudly signed the Laken Riley Act into law, surrounded by his loving parents and sister. This commonsense bipartisan law mandates the federal detention of illegal aliens who are accused of theft, burglary, assaulting a law enforcement officer and any crime that causes death or serious bodily injury, like the animal who murdered Laken Riley in cold blood.

This was the first piece of legislation President Trump proudly signed as the 47th president of the United States and it will guarantee that Laken did not die in vain. As Laken's mother, Allison, tearfully said during the signing event, President Trump said he would secure our borders and that he would never forget about Laken and he hasn't. He's a man of his word and we trust that he will fight for the American people.

Those are the words of Laken's mother and we will never forget them. So to help lock up even more criminal illegal aliens, President Trump signed a memorandum this week to detain them at Guantanamo Bay. This action will expand the Migrant Operations Center at Naval Station Guantanamo Bay to full capacity to provide critical extra detention space for high priority criminal illegals.

Our brave ICE agents continue to arrest more and more of these types of individuals every day in communities across our country. And I have more updates for you. On January 27th, 2025, ICE Chicago arrested a citizen of Guatemala who has been convicted of solicitation to meet a child, disturbing, and sentenced to 24 months' probation.

On January 28th, 2025, ICE Atlanta arrested a citizen of South Korea who has been convicted of nine counts of possession or control of material depicting minors in sexually explicit conduct. On January 28th, ICE New York arrested a Mexican national, previously charged by the State of New York for attempted murder and possession of a weapon and assault.

And on January 28th, ICE Philly arrested a citizen of Mexico who has been convicted of possession of child pornography. Our message is simple, if you are a criminal, illegal alien, you will be arrested and deported. On another important matter, the nation's report card was released this week and the news is not good.

It showed that US students had record low reading comprehension scores last year. It's National School Choice Week and in part of the president's commitment to education, he just left a round table in the Roosevelt Room focused on this issue with leaders from across the country. The national report card showed that 70 percent of eighth graders were below proficient in reading and 40 percent of fourth graders did not even meet the basic reading levels.

This is completely unacceptable to the president and he continues to take aggressive actions to address this education problem in our country. He signed an executive order this week prohibiting federal funding of the indoctrination of our children, including radical gender ideology and critical race theory in the classroom.

The president believes American education should focus on cultivating patriotic citizens who are ready for the workforce, and this action will help get schools back on track and defend fundamental parental rights in education. The president also signed a School Choice Executive order, expanding educational freedom and opportunity for families.

And in lighter news, but in exciting news, after announcing our briefing room changes on Wednesday, this White House has received more than 10,000 submissions from individuals across the country who are eager to join all of you. We might have to make this room a little bit bigger to do that, who want to participate in our new media seat at a future briefing.

So in this seat today, we have the Ruthless podcast. They humbly started by entertaining small audiences on Capitol Hill. But after four years, this program has become one of the most influential podcasts in America. They previously reached number one on the charts and earned over 25 million downloads as they deliver political news with a humorous touch.

The hosts are Josh Holmes, Michael Duncan, Comfortably Smug and the man joining us today, John Ashbrook. So with that, I will take your questions. John, please kick us off.

The media out of touch? I think the media certainly is out of touch and I think that's proven by a number of things, John. Number one, there was a New York Times poll that was released prior to President Trump's inauguration by The New York Times, which of course is a legacy media outlet, that showed that 83 percent of Americans support deporting the individuals that you mentioned, illegal immigrant criminals, especially those who have committed heinous crimes in the interior of our country.

And I received a very, actually, interesting statistic on this front from ICE this week. 97 percent of the deportations that this administration has made thus far are of individuals who had a removal order from the previous administration, but were never removed from the interior of our country. So this shows that the previous administration was actually defying our laws.

And all this administration is doing is simply following the laws, the immigration laws of this great country. Thanks for the question, John. Anything else?

OK. Great. Peter.

The president was asked and answered this yesterday and he believes that it is still indeed safe and Americans should feel safe traveling our skies. With that said, two things can be true at the same time and we certainly have seen the deterioration of federal hiring standards at the Federal Aviation Administration.

And the president wants to increase those standards. He wants pilots in this country who have the great responsibility of flying American citizens by the tens of millions every single day, to be chosen for that position based on their merit and their skills. And so the administration will continue to prioritize this.

That investigation is ongoing and so when we have updates on the exact individuals who were involved in the collision, including the air traffic controller, also the pilots of the helicopter and others, we will confirm those. I don't want to confirm names from this podium today. We're not in a position to do that.

But I will say, the president has still rightfully pointed out that there has been problems with the aviation industry over the past several years and this started under Barack Obama in 2014.

No, the president is simply stating what he said in that Truth Social post, which is that the helicopter was flying higher than it should have been, which is one of the reasons that led to this collision and the other reasons for that are still being investigated. And I will let that let that investigation play out.

Kelly?

Yeah. The president looks forward to signing a proclamation celebrating Black History Month. I actually spoke with our great staff secretary. It's in the works of being approved and it's going to be ready for the president's signature to signify the beginning of that tomorrow.

The president is leading here at the White House, and I'll leave it to the proclamation that he will sign very soon. Mary, great to see you.

Well, the president has already taken a very strong stance on this issue this week with the signing of his executive order, a few executive orders in this space. First, he made it the official policy of the federal government that there are only two sexes, male and female. And we have directed all federal agencies to comply with that policy.

As for congressional legislation to support the president's agenda in this space and certainly ending the mutilation of young children, the chemical castration of young children, which is a barbaric practice that the vast majority of Americans do not support for young minor children. Certainly, the president would support congress's efforts, as he has already made that very clear this week.

Jennifer.

Yes. So, I can confirm that Ric Grenell is in Venezuela today. I can confirm that Ric Grenell is going to Venezuela -- or is in Venezuela with very two immediate directives from the president of the United States. Number one, Ric Grenell has been instructed to identify a place and ensure that repatriation flights of Tren de Aragua members, Venezuelan nationals who have broken our nation's laws will land in Venezuela.

As I said at this podium a few days ago, we expect every nation on this planet to cooperate with the repatriation of our citizens. And so, Ric Grenell is in Venezuela to ensure that can continue. And number two, Ric Grenell is in Venezuela to ensure that all US detainees in Venezuela are returned home. That's his mission and I will provide a readout after this trip.

I have not been part of those discussions. If they have, I am not sure if they have, but I won't speculate on potential pardons that may or may not happen. To my awareness the answer is no. Justin.

I saw that report and it is false. I was just with the president in the Oval Office, and I can confirm that tomorrow, the February 1st deadline that President Trump put into place at a statement several weeks ago continues. The president will be implementing tomorrow, 25 percent tariffs on Mexico, 25 percent tariffs on Canada and a 10 percent tariff on China for the illegal fentanyl that they have sourced and allowed to distribute into our country, which has killed tens of millions of Americans.

These are promises made and promises kept by the president.

I don't have an update or readout for you on the exemptions, but those tariffs will be for public consumption in about 24 hours tomorrow. So, you can read them. Stephen Nelson.

There were a lot of mysterious processes that my team and I have had to unravel over the past two weeks that were implemented by the previous White House, and in particular the previous press shop here. And so, I can commit to greater access and transparency, which I believe we already have, by ensuring that the 440 journalists whose credentials were revoked will be reinstalled.

They will get their credentials if they wish to. We've also, of course, opened up a new seat to new media. And as far as open press events here at the White House, if we tell you it's open press, it's open press.

When we say something is open press, it will mean it's open press.

Well, to answer your question in one swoop, I will say that President Trump is committed to lowering taxes for Americans, cutting taxes for Americans. As for congestion pricing in New York, I do know that the president spoke with Governor Hochul about that. I don't have any actions, so to speak, to read out for you on that issue today.

Number two, when it comes to no taxes on tips and Social Security, the president has made it very clear to our allies on Capitol Hill that is a critical piece of this reconciliation package. And he expects that his tax cuts from 2017, which put a lot more money back into the American people's pockets, those must be implemented.

And no tax on tips, the president is intent on delivering on that promise and he will get it done.

Yes. Sure.

I think Americans who are concerned about increased prices should look at what President Trump did in his first term. He effectively implemented tariffs, and the average inflation rate during the first Trump administration was 1.9 percent. In fact, when President Trump left office, it was 1.4 percent. So, President Trump is going to do everything he possibly can to cut the inflation crisis that the previous administration imposed on the American people, and he will continue to effectively utilize tariffs.

That's a hypothetical question and the president is intent on ensuring that he effectively implements tariffs while cutting inflation and costs for the American people. And the media has this way of just looking at everything in a microscope rather than looking at the whole of government economic approach that this president is taking.

He will effectively implement tariffs. He's also, as I just answered Stephen's question, committed to tax cuts. He's also clearly committed, as evidenced by his executive orders, to unleashing the might of our energy industry, which we know will eventually drive down inflation. And all the other economic measures that this president has made will have a Trump incoming economic boom just like we saw in our first term.

Sure, Fox Business, yes, go ahead. You're welcome.

I don't think so. I think the president is going to implement those tariffs tomorrow, and he will respond to Mr. Trudeau's comments in due time, I am sure.

Well, the tariffs are incoming tomorrow on Canada, and the reason for that is because both Canada and Mexico have allowed an unprecedented invasion of illegal fentanyl, that is killing American citizens, and also illegal immigrants into our country. In fact, I have more language for you right here. Canada, Mexico and China, which, as I mentioned, President Trump will implement a 10 percent tariff on China, have all enabled illegal drugs to pour into America.

The amount of fentanyl that has been seized at the southern border in the last two years alone has the potential to kill tens of millions of Americans. And so, the president is intent on doing this. And I think Justin Trudeau would be wise to talk to President Trump directly before pushing outlandish comments like that to the media.

Yes, Lindsey.

You're interrupting your colleague, but sure.

I called on Lindsey.

Yeah, the president based that statement on truth, because it is truth and it's fact and it was relayed to him by the authorities who are overseeing the investigation into this horrific plane collision. And the president, as I said in my opening remarks, continues to be briefed on the collision by everybody across his cabinet, the Secretary of Transportation, the Secretary of Defense, the NTSB who the commissioner there was in the Oval Office with him yesterday.

Lindsay. Lindsay, go ahead. Lindsay, go ahead. Thank you.

Yeah. Kudos to John Ratcliffe for revealing that truth and that fact to the American people, many years too late. The Biden administration had a chance to let the American people know the truth about that and for some reason they chose not to. I also would just like to point out that several years ago when I was working in this press shop and president Trump would take to this podium to brief the American people on COVID-19, he suggested that COVID very well may have came from a lab in Wuhan, China and many members in this very room mocked him for that, said he was spewing conspiracy theories.

He was not. We now know that to be the confirmable truth. It took many years for it to come out, but the president was right in this instance again. Sure.

Sure.

So, I have not been present for Secretary Rubio's conversations with President Trump about the Panama Canal. I have been present for President Trump's own thoughts on the Panama Canal and you've all seen them as well in his public statements that he has shown. He believes it's unacceptable that the canal is essentially run by the Chinese Communist Party.

If you look at both ends of the canal, massive Chinese Communist Party linked companies run the canal. That's unfair to the American people, many of whom lost their lives many years ago building this canal. The American taxpayers are paying millions of dollars for the canal and the President believes it's in our national interest as a nation for Secretary Rubio to go there and begin these discussions, and that's exactly why he's doing that.

Sure.

The president was asked and answered this question yesterday and he as the commander in chief of the United States Military, reserves the right to review troop deployments overseas at any point in time.

Yes.

Well, the president is intent on ensuring that we are increasing staffing at these agencies and that's why he signed a very strong executive order on his second day in office, immediately terminating DEI hiring practices at the FAA. He also, following the tragic crash, as you all know in the Oval Office yesterday, signed a memorandum directing an immediate assessment of the FAA to ensure the federal government is maintaining the highest personnel and aviation safety standards.

And I would also just say, there's a cultural piece to this as well. If you are an American who has spent many years studying aviation and you graduate from school and you're an air traffic controller based on skill and merit and then you apply for a job and you're forced to fill out a biographical questionnaire asking you the color of your skin and asking you where you're from and details that aren't relevant at all to the job description, I think that deteriorates the morale of people in this industry.

And if you talk to people in this industry, they'll tell you that. In fact, many of them filed a lawsuit against the FAA a couple of years ago under Joe Biden's administration because they were denied positions because of this DEI hiring practice that was putting identity politics over merit and skills. That's unacceptable.

And I think just to put a fine point on this, because this is the third or fourth question I've answered on this subject. When you are flying on an airplane with your loved ones, which every one of us in this room has, do you pray that your plane lands safely and gets you to your destination, or do you pray that the pilot has a certain skin color?

I think we all know the answer to that question. And as President Trump said yesterday, it's commonsense. Rob Crilly.

Oh, absolutely, you had Secretary Duffy here yesterday at the White House at this podium saying that he is on it and we can all trust that. He definitely will be. John Decker.

Yes, I did.

As long as your name is still John Decker.

I don't have details on this. It's a private meeting. It will take place at 2:30 pm. I'll try to get there in time and I can let you know after. How's that?

Sure.

Yeah, that's right.

Secretary Hegseth, I believe, was on television this morning answering this question and he said that the Department of Defense is already on it. He has directed his agency to ensure that GITMO is increasing their capacity for beds and that's exactly what President Trump's executive order did. It directed Secretary Hegseth and also Secretary Noem to expand the Migrant Operations Center at the naval station to provide for this extra detention space.

And as Secretary Hegseth confirmed this morning, that operation is underway. Sure.

Yes.

Correct.

At this point, the president has made it very clear those tariffs are going to be implemented and in effect. If the president at any time decides to roll back those tariffs, I'll leave it to him to make that decision. But starting tomorrow, those tariffs will be in place. Sure.

Yes.

Sure. I have not seen that report about the prime minister. I can go check back with our friends at the National Security Council and get back to you on that. I can confirm that Prime Minister Netanyahu will be here on Tuesday, February 4th, for a working meeting and visit with the president and I'm sure you will all be here, very excited to cover that visit.

Sure, Daniel.

You're welcome.

Well, it's a really good question and the memorandum that he signed, the order that he signed builds on his previous executive actions, obviously to secure our southern border and deport illegal criminals from the interior of our country. We know that we have an issue with detention space here in the interior, which is a big reason why Congress needs to pass this reconciliation package as quickly as possible, to ensure that DHS and ICE have the funding they need to detain these individuals, that the administration is very swiftly rounding up and deporting, arresting and deporting these illegal immigrant criminals.

And so the president feels it's an appropriate place. Taxpayers are already funding it. The space is there, why not use it? And the secretary of defense, as I said, is working on that as we speak. Sure. Yes.

Yeah. I think it's very interesting that democrat officials in these cities who have been completely overrun and overwhelmed by illegal immigrant criminals would refuse support and help to cure this problem that has especially taken over their cities. I guess they don't want to admit they've been wrong with their sanctuary city policies.

I'm not sure. You'll have to ask them about their intentions, but they would be very wise to comply with this administration because this administration is hell-bent on enforcing our nation's immigration laws. And this administration will continue to arrest and detain and deport illegal migrant criminals.

And what we won't do is defy our nation's immigration laws like the previous administration, who had these orders of removal on illegal immigrants across the country and were refusing to execute on them. We will continue to remove illegal criminals from our nation's interior.

I would certainly think so. I'd have to check back on which specific law they're violating, but certainly if they're not enforcing our nation's immigration law, sounds like they are breaking the law. And I would also add that their constituents don't approve of that. You've seen residents in Chicago show up at their city council meetings, infuriated with their leadership in that city because they are working very hard to provide for their families.

They want public safety and law and order, and their officials have abandoned those very basic American principles in these cities. And the American people want law and order. It's, again, an overwhelmingly popular policy to deport illegal criminals from our nation's interior, and this administration will continue to affect that goal.

Sure, sure.

When did the Colombian president make those remarks?

Well, I will share those with the president of the United States, and I will get back to you on his response. Sure.

The president has made it very clear that this is a commonsense solution to solving some of the problems that we have seen at the Federal Aviation Administration, and also when it comes to many of the federal agencies across our government. People should not be hired based on their disabilities based on their skin color, their gender, their race.

None of that matters. What matters to this president and this administration is how well you can do your job and the American people agree with that sentiment. So, it's about competence, skill and merit. And so, the president is focused on ensuring that the most competent individuals, the best and the brightest in this country, are in positions in this federal government, especially when it comes to public safety.

Can't overemphasize the importance of those jobs. Sure.

I haven't spoken to the president about the COVID origins specifically in regards to any actions he may or may not take when it comes to China. But as I have previewed quite a few times today, he will be implementing a 10 percent tariff on China tomorrow. Sure. Hi.

No, he has not.

I won't get ahead of the president on tariffs when it comes to the European Union. What I can tell you again is that the president will be implementing 25 percent on Canada, 25 percent on Mexico, 10 percent on China tomorrow for the reasons that I have repeatedly laid out in this briefing. Newsmax, go ahead, yes.

No, but the gentleman behind you. Yes, James, thank you.

I think the president has actually made his position on Iran very clear, and he made that clear when there were the negotiations about the ceasefire, which we know obviously is now in place. And the deadline on that ceasefire has continued. He said that Hamas and Iranian backed terrorists would have hell to pay if that cease fire didn't move forward.

And then quickly thereafter, it did. I also do have news on the hostage front, which I'm very surprised nobody asked about this because it is a big news story. And the White House applauds the release of eight additional hostages from Hamas captivity. Thanks to the ceasefire deal secured by President Trump, three Israeli and five Thai nationals are being reunited with their families and their loved ones after being held in unspeakable conditions for over 15 months.

And the president remains committed to the release of all remaining hostages and they should have never been taken by the brutal terrorist group Hamas in the first place. And I think President Trump's working meeting with the Israeli prime minister next week emphasizes his continued support for Israel and ensuring that brutal terrorists in that region have hell to pay.

Sure.

Sure.

Absolutely not. As I made it very clear, former ambassador and now special envoy, Ric Grenell is going to Venezuela with two very clear directives, make sure that Tren de Aragua members, of which there are 400 currently in custody, are repatriated back to Venezuela and that all United States detainees return home.

Thank you very much, guys.

I think one of the things that the American people love most about this president is that he often says what they are thinking but sometimes lack the courage to say themselves. And I think yesterday at this podium, you heard President Trump express great frustration, perhaps even anger, with the previous administration's policies, many of which have led to the crises that our country is currently facing and that this president is focused on fixing.

Thank you, guys, very much. Have a great weekend. We'll see you next week.