Hello. Good afternoon, everybody. I brought some heavy hitters in here with me today. Today marks one month of President Trump's return to the Oval Office, and there is no denying this administration is off to a historic start. The President has already signed 73 executive orders. That is more than double the number signed by Joe Biden and more than quadruple the number signed by Barack Obama over the same period.

These executive orders have ended burdensome regulations; sealed the border; unleashed our domestic energy sector; eliminated divisive DEI from our federal government; stopped the weaponization of government; cut waste, fraud, and abuse; reinstituted "America First" trade and foreign policies; and ultimately restored common sense.

The President also signed the Laken Riley Act into law, which ensures ICE will detain illegal aliens arrested or charged with theft or violence. As of today, the Senate has already confirmed 18 Cabinet-level nominees, which is more than at this point under the Obama administration in 2009 and more than double the pace of the Biden administration in 2021. And today, we expect Kash Patel to be confirmed as the next director of the FBI.

We are proud to announce that the president will host his first official Cabinet meeting here at the White House next Wednesday, February 26th. In just four weeks, President Trump has already hosted the leaders of Israel, Japan, Jordan, and India. And next Monday, the President will host France's President, Emmanuel Macron, and on Thursday, the UK Prime Minister, Keir Starmer, will visit the White House as well.

As you all know, over the past month, the President has taken questions from the press -- all of you -- nearly every single day, sometimes on multiple different occasions in the same day, on any topic any of you wish to talk about. President Trump set the tone on this approach immediately when he took more than 12 times the questions in his first few hours in office as Joe Biden did in his entire first week.

Yesterday, we hosted a local media row here at the White House with television and radio stations from across the country that reached up to 60 million viewers and listeners. In our ongoing pursuit of transparency, on this one-month celebration, I am thrilled to bring three of my colleagues and our policy experts here at the White House to further recap this incredible first month of accomplishments in greater detail.

We have Deputy Chief of Staff for Policy and Homeland Security Advisor Stephen Miller; the Director of the National Economic Council, Kevin Hassett; and our National Security Advisor, Mike Waltz. I will hand it over to them. They will deliver brief remarks on the accomplishments of this administration in the first month, and then we will open it up to Q and A. When we open up the Q and A portion, I do ask, for the sake of efficiency in this room, that you direct your question to the principal you seek an answer from.

And I will call on you in this room. But first I will let them roll through their remarks. And first up, I'll turn it over to Stephen Miller.

Yes, yes.

Thank you, Mike.

Thank you. Thank you, everybody. I'm sure you're very eager to ask questions of these very smart people working very hard on behalf of the president. We do have somebody in our new media seat today. We have John Stoll, who is the head of news at X. As you all know -- you're all on X -- it's home to hundreds of millions of users, a large contingent of independent journalists and news organizations across geographies and political spectrums.

And at the same time, X remains the go-to platform for many legacy news outlets. And I know, as I mentioned, many of the reporters in this room use X to attract eyeballs to your work. Prior to joining X, John spent two decades in journalism, including several years as an editor at The Wall Street Journal.

We are excited to have him in the briefing room today. John, we'll let you kick it off. And as I said at the top, please direct your question to the individual up here who you'd like an answer from. John, why don't you begin.

Great. Peter.

Stephen, go ahead.

Sure.

Probably both. I think he's watching for the United States to win tonight. I know he talked to the USA hockey team this morning. He talked to the players after their morning practice, around 10 o'clock. And I also spoke to some folks from that team after. They were jubilant over President Trump's comments to the team.

I believe they're going to put out a video of that call. So, he looks forward to watching the game tonight, and we look forward to the United States beating our soon-to-be 51st state, Canada.  Bloomberg, go ahead.

Diana.

Reagan.

Excuse me, I just called on Reagan. Reagan, go ahead.

Sure.

Thank you. Mike has spoken pretty extensively. Does anybody have questions for Stephen or for Mr. Hassett?

Nobody wants to talk about the economy?

Sure.

IRS. Okay. Go ahead.

Good point. Sure, Kaitlan.

No. Go ahead, Jordan.

Go ahead, Jordan.

You just had two questions, Kaitlan.

Jordan, go ahead.

Thank you.

Jordan, go ahead. Go ahead.

Thank you very much, everybody. I'm looking at the clock. We've almost had an hour of time.

I know a couple of these individuals have a meeting to get to at 2:00 p.m. So, you're welcome to follow up with my team for further questions. We're going to let these guys get back to running the United States government. And we will see you all later. President Trump will be speaking at 3 o'clock at the Black History Month reception.

So, thank you. It's good to see you. We'll see you in a bit. Thanks.