-- put out a statement announcing an additional tariff on China, the tariff on China will now go up to 125 percent because China imprudently decided to retaliate against the United States. And as I said at the podium yesterday, when you punch at the United States of America, President Trump is going to punch back harder.

In that same vein, we have had more than 75 countries from around the world, reach out to President Trump and his team here at the White House to negotiate better trade deals for the American worker. We have been overwhelmed with the amount of requests from countries around the world, I'll let the secretary speak to that, we will continue with the tailor made negotiations that I spoke about yesterday.

In the meantime, there will be a 90 day pause on the reciprocal tariffs as these negotiations are ongoing and the tariff level will be brought down to a universal 10 percent tariff. The Secretary here has been a huge part of the president's trade team of course and will continue to lead these negotiations moving forward to look out for the American worker, which is always President Trump's goal.

So, I'll kick it over to our great Treasury Secretary, Scott Bessent.

Ed, go ahead.

Excuse me. Excuse me -- excuse me, Raquel, if I could just add to what the secretary said, many of you in the media clearly missed the art of the deal. You clearly failed to see what President Trump is doing here. You -- you tried to say that the rest of the world would be moved closer to China when in fact we've seen the opposite effect.

The entire world is calling the United States of America, not China, because they need our markets, they need our consumers and they need this president in the Oval Office to talk to them. And that's exactly why more than 75 countries have called because the United States of America is the best place in the world to do business.

And as the president has shown great courage, as the secretary has said in choosing to retaliate against China, even higher. Elena, go ahead.

Go ahead.

It was the president's decision, always.

Shelby? Shelby, go ahead.

Raquel, go ahead.

Meredith.

Correct.

Andrea, go ahead.

What?

Maggie. Maggie, go ahead.

Excuse me, everybody. Excuse me?

Excuse me, the secretary -- Excuse me, the secretary is obviously a very busy man. As he has said, he's had more than 75 countries that the trade team has to respond to. I'd just like to end with this, for decades, Republicans and Democrats have said that these unfair trade practices are ripping off the American people, are ripping off our country, but nobody has ever done anything to address it. We finally have a president here at the White House who is playing the long game, who is doing what is right for the American worker and our industries here at home and he has put together a fantastic team and Secretary Bessent, Secretary Lutnick, the entire trade team who will be focusing on negotiating these good deals to put the American workers first, and we're going to get to work to do that.

Thank you, guys.