-- Virginia, this is a big win for the American public and the president is very proud of Attorney General Bondi and the FBI director, Kash Patel, and they worked alongside Governor Youngkin in Virginia. So, we applaud the effort of state and local law enforcement. This was a very violent individual who was picked up in a home with five children present.

So, our communities are safer this morning and it's a -- it's a good day for our country. I'll take a couple of questions and then I have my morning meetings.

Not this morning, but we've been incredibly transparent about this entire situation and we will continue to be.

Sure. Well, I won't get ahead of the president on any additional tariffs. As you know on April 2, there will be the reciprocal tariff announcement which is going to focus on countries particularly that have been ripping off the United States. The president said yesterday, he thinks that some of these numbers will be more conservative than many people are expecting, but we're going to make sure that American workers are put first and we're ending the unfair trade practices that have been hollowing out our middle class for decades.

And I would just like to emphasize these auto tariffs yesterday, are a big deal for auto workers in the industry. And you saw the United Auto Workers Union, Shawn Fain, who wasn't the greatest fan of the president on the campaign trail, came out this morning and applauded the president for this move, saying it's a great thing for auto workers who have been sold out by unfair trade practices.

So, the president is determined to rebuild our manufacturing base. We want more jobs, more products made right here in the United States, which means more money in the pockets of the American people at the end of the day.

We haven't seen a request from Congress come through our inboxes yet, and when that does, we'll have an answer on that.

Well, we have never denied that this was a mistake and the national security adviser took responsibility for that. And we have said we are making changes. We are looking into the matter to ensure it can never happen again. But of course the president has put together a team. Look at the Secretary of Defense, Pete Hegseth, who was voted in by the United States Senate, putting our warfighters first, making the world a safer place for the American people and for all people and we're going to stay focused on that.

And I think the -- the arrest of an MS-13 gang leader this morning speaks volumes about the competence of the president and his team. Thanks, guys.