Good afternoon, everybody. How are you? Good. It's good to see all of you. I want to start by addressing the horrific act of violence that took place on Sunday in Boulder, Colorado. President Trump and the entire administration's hearts go out to the victims, and they are in our prayers during this unimaginable time.

According to reporting from Fox News, the alleged attacker admitted in an interview that he wanted to kill all Zionist people and had been planning the attack for over a year, and would do it again if he could. This monster used a makeshift flamethrower and Molotov cocktails to light Jewish Americans on fire in an attempt to burn them alive.

The victims at the incident location in Boulder were there to rally in support of Israeli hostages who remain in Hamas captivity. 12 were injured, including a Holocaust survivor. This is pure evil. The Department of Justice has already filed federal hate crime charges against the alleged perpetrator, and he will be held accountable to the fullest extent of the law.

This tragedy is a sobering reminder of the consequences of the Biden administration's failed policies. According to the Department of Homeland Security, the Boulder suspect is an Egyptian national who was in the United States illegally. He entered the US during the Biden administration in August 2022 on a B-2 visa until it expired.

Upon the visa expiration, he overstayed, filed an asylum claim and was given a work authorization by the Biden administration. Instead of deporting this heinous individual, Joe Biden's administration allowed him to stay in our country and to work. President Trump sounded the alarm over these reckless Biden policies for years, because this is the predictable result of letting anti-American radicals and illegal immigrants pour into our country.

Immigration security is national security, and that's why the Trump administration, at the direction of our great president, has secured our border, strengthened our immigration system and has taken immediate steps to protect the United States from foreign terrorists and other public safety threats. President Trump acted swiftly upon taking office to reform our visa issuance process to ensure that dangerous aliens who are intent on harming Americans or our national security interests are no longer admitted into our country.

Under the Trump administration, aliens will only be admitted into the United States through the legal process and only if they do not bear hostile attitudes towards our citizens, our culture, our government, our institutions or, most importantly, our founding principles. Under President Trump, the United States has zero tolerance for foreign visitors who support terrorism.

Violators of US law, including international students, will continue to face visa denial or revocation and deportation, and illegal alien criminals will continue to be arrested and deported from our country.

On that note, ICE and federal law enforcement partners just wrapped up a month long surge operation, arresting nearly 1,500 illegal aliens in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. During the enhanced operation, dubbed Operation Patriot, ICE Boston and other federal law enforcement personnel focused on transnational organized crime, gangs and dangerous illegal alien offenders throughout Mass.

More than half of the nearly 1,500 illegals arrested had significant criminal convictions or charges pending against them. Here are just some of the violent illegal aliens who were removed from communities in Massachusetts during Operation Patriot: a Salvadorian national with active Interpol red notice for aggravated homicide; a Guatemalan national and registered sex offender who had pending criminal charges in Boston for five counts of indecent assault and battery on a person 14 or over; a Honduran national who was last arrested for rape, indecent assault and battery of a person 14 or over; a Colombian National charged with kidnapping, aggravated rape and indecent assault and battery on a person 14 or -- or over; and a Guatemalan national who was convicted of murder in Boston; also, a Brazilian national who was charged with aggravated rape of a child by force and possession of child pornography; again, these are people who were living in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts; and lastly, a Salvadorian national whose criminal history includes charges of aggravated rape of a child by force.

I don't think anybody in this room wants these types of heinous criminals in your communities, and it's thanks to this administration that they are being removed from our country. When Democrat run jurisdictions released violent illegal alien criminals back into communities after making arrests instead of turning them over to federal immigration enforcement like they should, those Democrats are putting law-abiding Americans at risk, and these insane policies forced law enforcement officials to make much more difficult arrests that put their lives, our law enforcement, lives in jeopardy.

President Trump is incredibly grateful for our heroic officers on the front lines getting these violent illegal alien invaders out of our communities. Law and order is back in America under President Trump. And on that same note, there are new crime statistics that show crime is plummeting. In fact, Politico summed it up like this, murder rates are tumbling across the US in 2025. Homicide stats are down at least 20 percent over last year, and we could be on course for the lowest number on record.

With President Trump in charge, the days of criminals being put over victims are over. On the topic of immigration, The Washington Post just ran one of the most ridiculous headlines ever, even by their standards. And on my very first briefing several months ago, I said I would hold anyone accountable in this room.

The Washington Post actually had this headline, "The mysterious drop in fentanyl seizures on the US-Mexico border." How is this mysterious? There is no mystery about why there is a decrease in fentanyl coming into the United States. This administration's strong border policies are the reason there has been a decrease in fentanyl trafficking.

His strengthened relationship with Mexican President Sheinbaum and all of the measures he has been taking to deter illegal human and drug trafficking at our United States southern border is the reason for plummeting fentanyl seizures at the US border. There is nothing mysterious about that, and we'd like to see The Washington Post update their headline accordingly.

This is clearly trying to intentionally manipulate the minds of Americans, and I think the American people understand why there's been a fentanyl drop. And our office responded to this inquiry. We provided a whole host of the reasons that fentanyl seizures at the southern border have dropped, and the Washington Post refused to run them.

And that's despicable. In other news, positive economic reports continue to flood in. Inflation dropped to 2.1 percent in April. Personal income increased 0.8 percent in April. So, inflation is down and wages are up. That's almost triple the expectations and against the doubts of nearly everyone in this room.

And we also saw the largest monthly decline in the trade deficit on record as a result of President Trump's very powerful tariffs. Lastly, the price of eggs has dropped more than 61 percent since President Trump took office in January. I remember in my very first briefing I was asked about the cost of eggs.

The reporter tried to insinuate it was this administration's fault, even though he had only been here for a few days or weeks. It was a result of the previous administration's terrible policies. And in record time, this president has fixed that problem that he inherited from Joe Biden, and now egg prices have dropped 61 percent since this president took office.

There's a lot of good news, and I'm sure you have a lot of questions so let's get to them. We have Just the News in our new media seat today. Amanda Head, thank you for being with us. Why don't you kick us off?

The president has made it very clear, as he said in his statement yesterday, that, yes, these anti-Semitic acts of violence are -- do qualify as terrorism. And he does not want to see terrorism or violence of any form taking place in the United States of America. And as for specifically anti-Semitic terrorism and anti-Semitic acts of violence and those that are targeting Jewish Americans, this administration has done more to combat that violence than any administration in history.

And one incident is one too many. And I think, frankly, that's something the previous administration was not willing to say. This president will stand up for Americans of all religions, of all faiths, of all creeds. And we will continue to look at policy measures and actions that we can take in addition to the actions that have already been taken to curb this anti-Semitic violence.

And to Jewish Americans at home across the country, this president has your back.

Generally speaking, I know the president supports religious exemptions for families when it comes to vaccinations. As for the instances in those specific states, I'll have the administration and the White House look into it and see what executive action, if any, we can take on that front. Thank you. Kelly?

Good afternoon.

Sure. Well, of course, we know that we are into hurricane season now, and I know FEMA is taking this seriously -- seriously, contrary to some of the reporting we have seen based on jokes that were made and leaks from meetings. But Secretary Kristi Noem and the FEMA leadership are all over this. They are committed to ensuring that federal resources and tax dollars are there for Americans in need.

And the president continues to review requests for emergency aid and carefully considering them. However, this president has made it clear we're not going to enable states to make bad decisions with federal tax dollars and then have the federal government later have to bail these states out. We want to see states be responsible with their tax dollars, to do as much as they possibly can, and then the president will deeply and thoughtfully consider any requests for federal aid that come to his desk.

And I think some of the media reporting we've seen on this is, frankly, sloppy and irresponsible. There are serious people who are taking this issue seriously, starting with the president himself, who, as you know, on his first domestic trip back in office, visited both North Carolina and California, both of which were of course hit by natural disasters when he wasn't even president.

But he took ownership of that and visited those places and those people immediately. Brian?

It's serious business, Kelly, and I'm not going to engage in such fodder with a question like that. Brian?

Sure. I can confirm the merits and the content of the letter. USTR sent this letter to all of our trading partners just to give them a friendly reminder that the deadline is coming up. And they are in talks. Ambassador Greer, Secretary Bessent, Secretary Lutnick are in talks with many of our key trading partners around the globe, as you know, Brian, I know The Wall Street Journal has covered this quite heavily, and they continue to be engaged in those discussions.

And this letter was simply to remind these countries that the deadline is approaching and the president expects good deals. And we are on track for that, I will emphasize.

Well, as I've said previously from the podium and the president has discussed as well, each country has unique advantages, unique challenges to it based on their markets and what they export to us and what we export to them. And so, that's why the president smartly advised his trade team to engage in tailormade deal making.

And we saw that with the United Kingdom, and we will see that with other countries as well.

Kate?

Look, the president has spoken about his position on sanctions on Russia. He has smartly kept this as a tool in his toolbox if necessary. But I think the Senate and everyone on Capitol Hill respects the president is the commander in chief for a reason. And as you know, Russia and Ukraine engaged in direct talks yesterday.

That was at the encouragement of this president when he spoke to both leaders of both countries via phone just a couple of weeks ago. And so, I would just like to remind everybody how far we have come in just four months. I mean, it was inconceivable last year at this time for Russia and Ukraine to be engaged in direct talks.

And it's because of the president's insistence and determination to get this war to an end that these countries sat down yesterday. So, he's willing to use sanctions if he needs them in the Senate and in the Capitol Hill. Understand that the president is the commander in chief and he's leading United States foreign policy, as he should.

I'm not going to comment on alleged details of the report. We're not going to negotiate through the media out of respect for these ongoing discussions and negotiations that Special Envoy Witkoff is leading. The president, made his position very clear on Truth Social last night. In fact, it couldn't be any more clear.

And I would reiterate that's his position. Special Envoy Witkoff sent a very detailed and acceptable proposal to the Iranian regime that the president hopes they will accept. And if not, they will face grave consequences, as the president himself has reiterated. Sure.

You're welcome.

I can confirm he will be going to the NATO summit, yes.

I don't have a comment on that. But certainly, we should and we will and we will get you one, okay?

You're welcome. Brett?

Look, the president reserves the right to nominate individuals to key administration posts. He also reserves the right to remove those individuals if he chooses, just like he reserves the right to fire anybody in the executive branch that he wants. And so, a new replacement for NASA will be announced very soon, as the president himself said.

The president wants to ensure that all of his nominees are aligned fully with the America First mission of this administration. And again, he will be announcing a replacement very soon. Andrew, go ahead.

You're welcome.

I can't see you all the way back there.   in the way.

There you go.

That's right.

There's most definitely text with this deal. There is language that this side has seen. You'll have to ask the UK Parliament why they haven't seen it from their own government. I obviously can't answer that question. Jonathan?

Go ahead, Jonathan. Sure, go ahead.

Don't you love that?

Look, the president's thinking on the Russia-Ukraine war as it stands, I spoke to him about it just this morning, is he remains positive at the progress that we've seen. Again, he urged both leaders to sit down and talk directly with one another, and they did that. Russia handed over a memorandum of peace -- or a peace plan or a suggestion of one, I understand, to the Ukrainian side.

They also agreed upon the exchange of prisoners or hostages from each other's country. So, he remains positive about the progress that we're seeing. But he also is a realist, and he realizes these are two countries that are at war and have been for a long time because of his predecessor's weakness and incompetence.

So, he's working hard to solve this conflict, and that's where his mind is right now on it. Jonathan, go ahead.

I would like to let the president speak on that himself.

I would just add to that the president does not want to see this war prolonged. He wants the fighting to stop. He wants people to stop dying, and he wants this to be solved at the negotiating table. The reason he is so deeply involved and has spent so much time and effort on this war is because he hates to see people dying.

Again, these are not Americans that are being killed. These are Russians and these are Ukrainians. This is a war very far away. But this president truly cares about peace, and that's what he wants to see.

It absolutely does, and that's why the president nominated Secretary Hegseth and has approved some of the changes that have been made at the Pentagon, to ensure that we have the most lethal fighting force in the world, and that the United States military is the best, the biggest. That's why he wants the One Big Beautiful Bill to be passed, because it increases our defense spending.

It's why he also launched the announcement of the Golden Dome, to prevent from -- missile strikes and attacks in the future. And the president has a full understanding, I can tell you, because I've spoken to him about it, about the future of warfare and how drones are a big part of that. And I will not get ahead of our policy team, but I think you can expect to see some executive action on that front in the very near future.

Kaitlan?

It is. Those Senators, it's not news that they disagree with this president on policy. And the president has vocally called them out for it and for their not having their facts together. I would add the Congressional Budget Office has been historically wrong. In fact, they predicted the Trump tax cuts from the president's first term in 2017, they -- that -- their prediction was wrong by half a trillion dollars.

Those tax cuts had more -- nearly a half trillion dollars more revenue than the Congressional Budget Office scored. And I would also point out, I don't think many people know this, there hasn't been a single staffer in the entire Congressional Budget Office that has contributed to a Republican since the year 2000. But guess what?

There have been many staffers within the Congressional Budget Office who have contributed to Democrat candidates and politicians every single cycle since. So, unfortunately, this is an institution in our country that has become partisan and political, and we are very confident in our own economic analyses of this bill.

There is $1.6 trillion in savings. And our Office of Management and Budget director, Russ Vought, is a fiscal hawk. He is well known in this city for being a well-respected fiscal hawk. He has tools at his disposal to produce even more savings. And as you know, the White House will be sending our rescissions package to Capitol Hill today.

We can ask the Department of Homeland Security and get back to you. Jeff?

Well, I can assure you that the administration is actively monitoring China's compliance with the Geneva Trade Agreement. I know the United States, on our end, we have complied with the terms that we set, and our administration officials continue to be engaged in correspondence with their Chinese counterparts.

And as you all know, and I know there's a lot of interest in it, there will be a leader to leader talk very soon. And when that happens, as always, we will let you know.

Yes, we do, in fact. Let me find it here for you. It should be somewhere in here. Thank you. We do not, but I will get you one, Jeff.  Go ahead.

Well, look, the president has been very direct to our trading partners in his conversations with them and with foreign leaders directly that they need to cut deals with the United States of America. The tariff agenda of this president, he believes very strongly in it. And as you've all seen, he's unafraid to use tariffs to protect our industries and protect our workers, but he wants to see these tailormade deals be signed.

And I will tell you, of course, we -- I never want to be the one negotiating with the press about these internal discussions and deliberations. But our team, who is deeply involved in this, sees these deals moving in the right direction. In fact, Ambassador Greer is in Paris right now meeting with many of our trading partners.

The plan is for the announcement of these deals to be made very, very soon, yes. Sure.

You're welcome.

Well, I won't reveal the president's private discussion unless he gives me liberty to. But I will reiterate what he said publicly when he was asked by one of the journalists in this room in the Oval Office a couple of weeks ago about the pardons. He said it's something he would look at, nothing more, nothing less.

Haley, go ahead --

And then to Kelly next to you.

Well, President Trump and President Xi have shared a respectful relationship throughout the years. And again, I won't get ahead of the president on that call. But as always, after you'll hear directly from the president or from myself or someone else here at the White House. Kelly?

I think the president himself has been leading on this, Kelly, and has been incredibly clear in his rhetoric that he is not going to tolerate such hate or behavior in the United States of America. And you will see that rhetoric being followed up by action from the Department of Justice, who is seeking to prosecute these cases to the fullest extent of the law.

And I know the attorney general and the FBI director were very quick to call this what it was, targeted terrorism. And there was some, I think, criticism from the media and -- well, at least pundits I saw on television saying are they too quick to jump here. No, they see the facts and they reveal those to the American people and they're transparent.

And I think, frankly, that's a breath of fresh air from what we experienced in the previous administration.

Yeah. Surely. It's a good idea, and I'll pass it along to them. Peter?

That's right.

It's very interesting --

Very interesting props if you want to bring them to my office later so I can take a closer look.  I would like to do that. The president is making a good point when he discusses the usage of the Autopen. Who was running the country for the past four years? Perhaps those documents were signed with the Autopen, something that this -- I believe the Department of Justice is looking into.

As you saw, Ed Martin made an announcement at the Department of Justice this morning to launch an investigation, because the American people deserve answers.

I think in comparison to the amount of time this president has spent on securing the border, on fixing our economy, I just read out for you an entire list of accomplishment -- economic accomplishments, look at the border numbers, look at the time and effort he's divulged into solving the global conflicts abroad, it pales in comparison.

But it still, nevertheless, is a very important issue, and it was a huge issue that sent the president back to this White House. The -- Americans saw with their own eyes a mentally incompetent president, and they want answers for that. And the president believes they should have them. Go ahead.

Look, the president already knows where Elon Musk stood on this bill. It doesn't change the president's opinion. This is one big beautiful bill, and he's sticking to it. Tamara?

Sure. Well, as with everything in this White House, it is a top down approach. The president is here. He is president. He's not an Autopen like the previous president was. He's very much involved in literally every policy discussion and decision that takes place. And we felt it was best to reorganize the National Security Council to respond to the -- that top down approach that we have here in this White House and to streamline the efficiency and the effectiveness of the National Security Council.

And I would add that Secretary of State Rubio and now National Security Advisor Rubio is doing a tremendous job at leading the National Security Council. He knows the president. He understands where the president is on these issues. He's great to work with here at the White House. I can tell you that. I appreciate seeing him a lot more in the building.

And he and the president and the entire National Security Council, who's made up of great patriots who love this country, are doing a tremendous job on the many conflicts around the world that this administration inherited.

I'm sorry?

We just want the -- the National Security Council to be as efficient as possible. And if staffing needs are necessary, I'm sure Secretary Rubio would not mind hiring people if necessary. But again, we've been working with them day in and day out, and they're chugging along and doing great work. Sure.

Yeah. It's a great win.

Well, I -- I believe the president is obviously pleased to see the result of the Polish elections. He met with Karol Nawrocki, if I'm pronouncing that correctly.

Yes, Nawrocki.

Ok. Thank you. I appreciate your insight on that. He met with him at the White House, and he told him you're going to win because you support common sense. And he supported strong borders in Poland. He supported an end to the woke radical DEI stuff that we've seen not just here in the United States, but really take over Europe and, frankly, the whole world.

He was very outspoken about that. And I was reading the reports about how the Polish people felt about this man, and they felt like he was putting the needs of Poland first. And that's a very refreshing feeling, one that we know very well here in the United States of America. So, as you know, the United States and Poland have always had a very deep and strong relationship, friendship.

They're a great ally, and I know the president continues to look forward to working with him.

He was not. Kerry?

I'm not going to get ahead of the Department of Justice's investigation into the usage of the Autopen. And the -- again, the question is not was the Autopen used. It's whether or not the president of the United States knew it was being used, and if not, who was using it in his name, which is clearly illegal behavior.

Deanna?

Sure.

I already answered this question. The president's been very clear about where he stands on that.

She is not. I do know she met with the vice president. As for what was discussed in that meeting, I would defer you to his team.

I don't want to speak to the merits of those claims without looking into them. But as I said, any violence against Jewish Americans will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.

Again, Secretary of State Rubio has the right to revoke visas. And he made the announcement that the State Department will begin to aggressively revoke the visas of Chinese students who are in our country, namely those with Chinese Communist Party ties or those who could be a threat to our national security and the interests of the United States.

To both of you, yeah, go ahead and then in the back.

The administration is aware of those reports, and we are currently looking into the veracity of them because, unfortunately, unlike some in the media, we don't take the word of Hamas with total truth. We like to look into it when they speak, unlike the BBC, who had multiple headlines. They wrote Israeli tank kills 26. Israeli tank kills 21. Israeli gunfire kills 31. Red Cross says 21 people were killed in an aid incident.

And then, oh, wait, they had to correct and take down their entire story, saying we reviewed the footage and couldn't find any evidence of anything. Oh, ok. So, we're going to look into reports before we confirm them from this podium or before we take action. And I suggest that journalists who actually care about truth do the same to reduce the amount of misinformation that's going around the globe on this front.

John?

What organization?

Well, look, this was a creative idea that the president called for to get aid into the region. These people were desperate and starving. And the president didn't like seeing imagery of that, and he wanted to ensure that aid was brought in with the approval of Israel, for understandable reasons. We will never forget the brutal attack on October 7th. And again, this is something that the previous administration was unwilling to put the time and effort into doing.

John?

Sure.

The president and the Trump administration have been very clear. If you are in the country illegally, you are subject to deportation.

Again, this administration is focusing -- focused on deporting individuals who are in our country illegally. It's something we have to do. We cannot allow the previous administration's invasion of our country of illegal immigrants to continue. We just can't have it. And this is a law and order president.

As for our farmers and their concerns, they have a president who has their backs and listens to their concerns and hears them. But we also have a legal pathway to come to this country and work in -- specifically for agricultural work. So, there's a legal way to do it, and we encourage that -- that legal pathway.

And we're currently working on strengthening our legal immigration system for that reason. Sure.

Sure.

Yeah, that's what I was talking about. There were formatting errors, and those errors were updated by the proper policy components here at the White House and a new report was issued. So, exactly what I said took place. Sure. Go ahead, Alec.

Good to see you.

Well, there are no plans for a proclamation for the month of June. But I can tell you this president is very proud to be a president for all Americans regardless of race, religion or creed.

All right. Reagan, go ahead.

And then I'll go to you.

Sure. The Department of Homeland Security will be issuing a new list of sanctuary cities, an accurate list of sanctuary cities. As for what we're doing to crack down, the president has signed various executive orders and has directed the attorney general to prosecute federal -- state and local officials who are not complying with federal immigration authorities and, most importantly, federal immigration law.

You're welcome.

Oh, yeah. Go ahead. And then I'll go to Ed.

Go ahead.

The president will be signing that executive order today, and steel and aluminum tariffs will be going to 50 percent, yes.

He made that announcement in Pennsylvania, and he plans to deliver on that promise to Pennsylvanians.

And Ed, go ahead. I can answer that, but go ahead, Ed.

Look, I don't think anyone is the victim. These are two strong countries. And as I said, the president has a good relationship with China's president and leader, and that discussion will take place later this week.

Well, right now his tariffs remain in effect. We spoke at length in my briefing last week about that decision that came down from the International Trade Court, which has been put on pause because the president absolutely does have the authority to implement tariffs and to declare a national emergency for our crippling trade deficit.

He is -- could always have the power to use Section 202 or Section 301 as well to impose tariffs if he deems necessary, especially Section 202 tariffs, which are sectoral, as you know, to protect our critical supply chains here at home.

You're welcome.

You also have US business leaders begging to meet with this president and begging to come to the White House to talk to him, because they know that he is a negotiator in chief, that he's making good deals on behalf of the American worker and the steelworker, in particular when it comes to the steel and aluminum tariffs, which he discussed in his speech at length at Pennsylvania, and the need for them.

And I would just add I was at that speech on Friday with the president, and there were 2,000 steelworkers and their families in the room, many of them wearing their hardhats. I spoke to one backstage who said this is the greatest thing that has happened for that community in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania in 60 years, because this is a president who doesn't just talk the talk, he walks the walk too.

And he's delivering on his promises to bolster our steel and aluminum industries in this country and to protect those jobs. If not for this president, that steel plant in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania would have closed. Those jobs would have been lost. And the president saved that company, he saved those jobs, and he's saving that community.

And that's the intention of the steel tariffs, which he will sign later this afternoon.

Thank you very much everyone. We'll see you later.