Hello, good afternoon, everybody. We have a special guest with us today who will speak momentarily. But first I would like to begin with a message from the White House to the families of the victims in the brutal murder case in Idaho who were sharing their heart wrenching stories about their loved ones before the court today in addressing the evil killer, who took four precious souls.

We are so sorry for the grief and the pain you have experienced at the hands of such a vicious and evil killer. Our nation grieves with you, and we will never forget the precious souls who were lost in this horrific act of evil. If it were up to the president, he would have forced this monster to publicly explain why he chose to steal these innocent souls.

May God bless and watch over everyone affected by this unimaginable tragedy, especially the parents who lost their children. Let me begin with a few scheduling items off the top. Later this afternoon, President Trump will deliver the keynote address at the Winning the AI Race Summit here in Washington DC. President Trump believes it is non-negotiable that the United States wins the AI race, which is why today President Trump will announce a bold and comprehensive AI action plan to sustain and enhance America's global AI dominance.

Under President Trump's leadership, our country will lead the world in AI to secure a brighter future for all Americans, massively grow our economy and protect our national security. The president will also sign three executive orders at the event this afternoon. On Friday morning, President Trump will travel to Scotland for a working visit that will include a bilateral meeting with Prime Minister Starmer to refine the historic US-UK trade deal.

On the topic of trade, yesterday, President Trump accomplished something no other president has ever achieved. The president secured and announced three major trade deals with the Philippines, Indonesia and Japan all in one day. President Trump is finally putting a stop to our country getting ripped off.

As a result of the president's successful negotiating tactics, many foreign markets are now being opened to American industries for the very first time and harmful trade barriers are being broken down. Thanks to President Trump, these countries around the world are agreeing to open their markets to American made products and goods for the first time, which will lead to a boom in sales and profits for American businesses right here at home.

As President Trump said, he will only lower tariff rates if a country agrees to open their market to American made products. If not, they will continue to face tariffs and pay a steep price to do business in the United States of America, which remains the best market on the face of the planet. Also, this week, the president officially marked six months here at the White House.

He made big promises to the American people on the campaign trail last year and he has unquestionably delivered on those promises in record time. The president has defeated the Biden inflation crisis to make America affordable again. Core inflation is currently at its lowest level in four years and prices for everyday goods are falling.

The president's pro-growth policies have fueled massive job growth across our country. Since the president has taken office, our economy has added nearly 700,000 new jobs with native-born American workers accounting for all job gains. The president has put the economic needs of families and of workers first.

He signed the largest tax cuts for the middle class in American history, including no tax on tips, overtime and Social Security. We have also seen the president unquestionably deliver on his promise to secure our southern border. He has ended Biden's illegal alien invasion and for two months in a row, zero illegal aliens were released into our country.

The president has also, as you all know, initiated the largest mass deportation campaign in American history. The president has also restored law and order to make America Safe Again, another campaign promise he vowed to the American public. The United States of America is currently on track for its lowest murder rate on record following this shift from the last administration to the Trump administration.

The president has also ended Joe Biden's reckless war on American energy. US oil and natural gas production are now surging, and summer gas prices reached their lowest level since 2021. The president has also rebuilt our military, another campaign promise. He just signed the largest military investment in decades to modernize our armed forces with cutting-edge technology to replenish our stockpiles and provide American troops with the best equipment in the world.

The US Army, Navy, Air Force and Space Force have all reached their recruitment goals months in advance. The president has restored America's standing on the world stage, brought back peace through strength and brokered numerous peace agreements to end wars. Again, all of this in just six months. He obliterated Iran's nuclear program to end the war between Israel and Iran, got NATO members to raise their defense spending to five percent of GDP, and secured a cease fire between India and Pakistan, as well as brokering a historic agreement between Rwanda and the Democratic Republic of the Congo.

The president has already received three different Nobel Peace Prize nominations for his peacemaking efforts.

Again, all of this progress, all of these accomplishments have occurred in just six months. We are truly just getting started. And we look forward to working with all of you for the next three and a half years. On another matter. Over the past few days, Director of National Intelligence Tulsi Gabbard has unveiled shocking new evidence that former President Barack Obama and top aides in the Obama administration conspired to subvert President Trump's 2016 election victory and undermine the Democratic will of the American people.

While publicly pretending to engage in a peaceful transfer of power, in private, former President Obama went to great and nefarious lengths to try to sow discord among the public and sabotage his successor President Trump. The new evidence released by the director of National Intelligence, who is here with me today, confirms that the Obama administration manufactured politicized intelligence, which was later used as the justification for baseless smears against President Trump in an effort to try to delegitimize his victory before he even took the oath of office.

The truth is that President Trump never had anything to do with Russia. And the Russia collusion hoax was a massive fraud perpetuated on the American people from the very beginning. And the worst part of this is Obama knew that truth. And so did all of the other corrupt officials involved in this scam, including former CIA Director John Brennan, former director of National Intelligence James Clapper, former FBI Director James Comey, former Deputy Director Andrew McCabe and many others.

Director of National Intelligence Gabbard's report further confirms what we already knew. There was no collusion, no corruption except on the part of Barack Obama and the weaponized intelligence agencies at the time. The Russia hoax was a blatant lie. All ginned up by Democrat political operatives that were signed off on by then President Obama and leaked to the news media to launch a year's long witch hunt against President Trump and his first administration.

Allies of the president, including his own son Donald Trump Jr, were disgustingly smeared as Russian assets. And some even had their lives destroyed because of this vicious lie. The president's first two years in office had this fake distraction hanging over it in endless resources, time and political capital were spent having to debunk these lies from the highest levels of our government.

Now, nearly ten years later, thanks to the declassification of documents by Director Gabbard, the truth has finally come to light. And this truth vindicates President Trump, his family and his many allies and associates who were smeared with defamatory lies. President Trump was right from the beginning about all of this, and we are grateful that justice can be served.

Now, we have even more damning evidence implicating those who tried to sabotage a duly elected president and did grave material harm to our republic. Thanks to additional important work done by CIA Director Ratcliffe, Committee Chairman Rick Crawford, over the past few months, a newly declassified 2020 report prepared by the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, which DNI Director Gabbard has declassified, found that the Intel community did not have any direct information that Russian President Vladimir Putin wanted to help, wanted to help elect President Trump in 2016. And in fact, Russia was actively preparing for a Hillary Clinton victory.

But at the unusual direction of Barack Obama at the time the Intel community published implausible intelligence suggesting otherwise. Why? To sabotage the incoming president. This is truly one of the greatest political scandals in American history. And reporters at legacy outlets, some of which are sitting in this room today like the New York Times and The Washington Post, were ridiculously awarded Pulitzer Prizes for their perpetuation of this hoax.

It's well past time for those awards to be stripped from the journalists who receive them. It is not journalism to propagate political disinformation in service of the Democrat Party and those in the intelligence community who hand over out of context and fake intelligence to push a false political narrative.

I will now pass it over to the Director of National Intelligence Tulsi Gabbard to speak more about all of this and then we will open it up for questions afterwards. Tulsi, thank you for being here.

Well, thank you, Tulsi, and we do want to take questions on this topic while the Director has time for this topic. She will leave, I'm happy to take questions on other matters after that. But if anyone has questions for Director Gabbard, you're welcome to ask them. We'll start with our new media seat as always.

Emily, go ahead.

Ed, go ahead.

John, go ahead.

John?

Reagan?

Look, I can speak to the president's feelings on this matter. He spoke to all of you yesterday in the Oval Office, but I also spoke to him about this this morning. And he wants to see all those who perpetuated this fraud against our country who betrayed our country and the Constitution to be thoroughly investigated and held accountable.

Um, and it's been, you know, ten years of this. And I would just add based on everything the director has said and declassified, all of you in this room should go through it and take a look at this report and review the intelligence. Because unfortunately, that hasn't happen. And many of the people who perpetuated this hoax Clapper, Andy McCabe, James Comey and many others have been hired by major networks in this room to go on television and continue to spew these lies knowing that they are lies.

And if you all recall, just flashback to 2016 and the years after, the entire Trump one presidency was embroiled in this scandal that was perpetuated by the Democrat Party. And you had major Democrat party officials in this city, namely Adam Schiff, Hillary Clinton, Elizabeth Warren, who went on television and told the American people.

Donald Trump is an asset of Russia. It was a lie. They always knew it. Hillary Clinton herself said that President Trump would be a puppet for Putin. Senator Tim Kaine, at the time, called President Trump Vladimir Putin's defense lawyer. Adam Schiff stated, and one of the worst things a lawmaker can do is to tell the American people, I know something you don't know.

It's just classified, and I can't tell you. And that's what he said. I can tell you that the case is more than that. I can't go into the particulars, but there is more than circumstantial evidence now. And not enough people in this room, not enough journalists in this country, uh, pushed Adam Schiff to say what are you talking about?

What evidence do you have? Everybody just ran with the lies. And it led to impeachment. It led to the division of our country. Unfortunately, so many Americans from listening to outlets in this room believed in these lies. And it's -- it's a complete scam. And it's a scandal. And the president wants to see accountability for that.

Phil?

And I would just add, there needs to be accountability for that weaponization, Phil, that we've seen.

And no one has been a victim of the weaponized government more than -- than President Trump. Not just because of this political scandal. You all recall his house was raided. So I think, you know, it's very disingenuous for people to say how dare they speak of former President Obama about this based on evidence and based on intelligence.

When the former President of the United States, Donald Trump's home was raided when he was forced to sit in a Manhattan courtroom and many other courtrooms across the country for crimes he never committed when he was -- when he was impeached and indicted and the entire country witnessed that. That's the weaponization of justice.

Now the president is back because the American people see the truth. Nearly 80 million Americans reelected him back to this office. And he believes that we need to have justice and accountability. And I think the nearly 80 million Americans who reelected him agree with that. Kaitlan?

I'll speak to both questions. First on Secretary Rubio, he put out a statement in 2020 following that Senate Intelligence Committee report and he said what they found is troubling. We found irrefutable evidence of Russian meddling, which the Director of National intelligence just confirmed for all of you that Russia was trying to sow distrust in chaos.

But what's the outrage in this that Secretary Rubio did not say at the time the Democrats were saying at the time is the fact that the intelligence community was concocting this narrative that the president colluded with the Russians, that the president's son was holding secret meetings with the Russians, all of these lies that were never true.

And he also said at that time, we discovered deeply troubling actions taken by the FBI under Comey, particularly their acceptance and willingness to rely on the Steele dossier without verifying its methodology or sourcing. The Steele dossier that many outlets in this room ran as the gospel truth and it was cooked up and paid for by the Clinton campaign.

As for your second question, Caitlyn, I think -- who is saying that, that she would release this to try to boost her standing with the President? Who has said that?

The only people who are suggesting that the Director of National Intelligence would release evidence to try to boost her standing with the president are the people in this room who constantly try to sow distrust and chaos amongst the president's cabinet. And it is not working.

I will just answer your question directly. I am with the president of the United States every day. He has the utmost confidence in Director Gabbard. He always has. He continues to, and that is true of his entire cabinet who is all working as one team to deliver on the promises this president made. Does anyone else have questions for Director Gabbard?

And then we'll turn it over to a couple other questions. Christian, go ahead.

We'll take one more. Charlie, go ahead.

Great. Director Gabbard, we thank you for your time today. I know you're a busy woman, so we'll let you get out of here. But thank you so much. OK. I know there's many issues going on today across the world and here at home. If you have any other further questions, I'm happy to take them. Ed, why don't you go ahead.

I think it is. I mean as you said, we had Japan yesterday, we also had Indonesia and we had the Philippines as well, the President announcing all three. He came in as the closer and all three of those. I've said many times from this podium that the president's trade team has been in active talks and discussions with many countries around the world and you've all been anxiously awaiting what those countries were.

Now you know three of them and there's many, many more to go. We have now sent 25 letters to countries around the world. But just to reiterate this Japan deal for those at home who may have missed it, Japan will now pay a 15 percent tariff versus the reciprocal rate of 24 percent that they initially had.

Auto and auto parts tariffs have been reduced to 15 percent. But the centerpiece of this deal now is the president got Japan to commit to $550 billion in investments to revitalize American industries. And these funds will be spent at President Trump's discretion and direction into key industries such as energy, semiconductors, critical minerals, pharmaceuticals and shipbuilding.

And the US will retain 90 percent of the profits from any investments made by this $550 billion fund. This was originally a $400 billion investment that President Trump then negotiated to an increase of $150 billion, making it a $550 billion deal for the American people. And I just want to emphasize, Ed, I see you have a follow up, but it's very important.

Japan has agreed to open their markets to many very key sectors in American made products that have really faced very strict tariff and non-tariff barriers prior. So, thanks to the president Japan's markets will now be open to American made products and goods. This is big news for our tech companies and our farmers as well.

I won't speak to any deliverables or set expectations. I'll let the Secretary of Treasury do that, but I did speak to him yesterday about his upcoming trip and he looks forward to continuing discussions with his Chinese counterparts. The president has ensured that we have a good continuing working relationship with China that benefits the United States.

And so, the Secretary of Treasury will be obviously discussing those key matters, but I'll let him set the expectations.

Look, the president believes that this matter needs to be thoroughly investigated, and anyone convicted of crimes should be held accountable in this country. Go ahead.

Good to see you, Olivia. I haven't seen you since the campaign trail.

Yes, Special Envoy Witkoff is headed to Europe, where he will meet with key leaders from the Middle East to discuss the ongoing ceasefire proposal to end this conflict in Gaza and to release the hostages. These are very sensitive negotiations that are currently taking place. I spoke to Special Envoy Witkoff last night about them.

I will let him speak further on the matter, but the president and Special Envoy Witkoff have made the administration's goals clear. We want this cease fire to happen as soon as possible, and we want these hostages to be released. Go ahead.

That was just breaking as the director and I were coming out here, so I haven't had a chance to talk to the president about it. I understand there are two other requests from the Department of Justice that are ongoing, but I'll let this president speak to whether he wants to see an appeal in the Department of Justice, I'm sure can give you a statement on that as well.

The president spoke to this yesterday, and he said he thinks it's an appropriate idea. Kelly?

Look, the president has made it clear that he wanted these documents to be declassified. He wanted the American people to see the truth. And now he wants those who perpetuated these lies in this scandal to be held accountable. As for what accountability looks like, as the director said, it's in the Department of Justice's hands.

And we trust them to move this ball forward. Stephanie?

Again, I'll leave that to the Department of Justice. Stephanie?

As for sectoral tariffs, I understand that the president continues to be in talks with our secretary of Commerce. We have made commitments on various sectoral tariffs. As you know, the Department of Commerce has initiated studies to then move forward with implementing those sectoral tariffs. So I would refer you to them for further comment.

Meredith?

I can assure you and the American people that the administration is actively monitoring the situation and engaged. But typically, we don't comment on individual cases like this as we are sorting them out.

Sure.

Behind you, Dr. Harper. Sorry, go ahead, to the -- to the lady sitting down in the blue. Yes.

What's your name? What's your name?

Oh.

Great.

Look, the president has been in very close communication with his friends in the Senate, particularly Senator Lindsey Graham on this issue. But the president has always maintained, you know, he's the -- the commander in chief and the president for a reason. Um, and he has been deeply involved in this conflict since the beginning.

Um, and so any -- to decisions that are made with respects -- respect to sanctions, the president wants to reserve that authority and that right to himself.

Jasmine?

I don't think so. No.

I'll talk to him about it. Yes?

Um, to my knowledge, the Department of Justice has moved forward with the request to unseal that grand jury testimony. And as you know, they have also moved forward with, uh, interviewing, uh, Miss Maxwell, which I believe will be taking place very soon.

Go ahead. Sure.

You're welcome.

The White House is always in communication with members of both the Senate and the House. And we stand by the president's nominees.

Sure.

I don't have an update for you on that case, but I'll check in with the National Security Council and our team will get you something.

Sure.

There is a lot of irony, especially for the party of -- of the Democrat Party who claims to be for democracy. We often heard throughout the 2024 campaign, they were calling this president a threat to democracy. And now I think the declassification of all of these documents proves that they were indeed the true threat to democracy.

And as I said repeatedly today, there needs to be justice and accountability for that. You all will hear directly from the president later this afternoon at the AI summit here in Washington DC, scheduled to speak later in a few hours. So we will see you all there. Thank you very much.