Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Well, last night was a good night. We had the chance in front of 100,000 people to talk about what's at stake in this election and to point out that the American people have a real choice and -- and a very important decision to make in six days. And it is about who will not only lead the country but occupy the White House, where critical decisions are made, that include how we think about who we are as a nation and whether we are going to be a nation of people who attempt to unify and break through this era of divisiveness or are we going to be a nation of people who has a president stewing in the Oval Office over his enemies list.

And I think that the turnout last night and the kind of feedback that we are receiving is a strong indication that the American people actually want a leader who is going to bring us together, and that's the type of leader I intend to be.

Listen, I think that -- first of all, he clarified his comments. But let me be clear, I strongly disagree with any criticism of people based on who they vote for. It's -- you heard my speech last night and continuously throughout my career. I believe that the work that I do is about representing all the people, whether they support me or not.

And as president of the United States, I will be a president for all Americans, whether you vote for me or not.

That is my responsibility, and that's the kind of work that I've done my entire career, and I take it very seriously.

I -- he did call me last night, but this didn't come up.

I've been very clear with the American public, I respect the challenges that people face. I respect the fact that we all have so much more in common than what separates us and that most people want a president that understands that, that gets that, and approaches their role of leadership that way. I've been very clear from my earliest years as a prosecutor.

I never asked anyone are they a Democrat or Republican. The only thing I ask folks is are you OK, and that's the kind of president I will be.

What I intend to do on the issue of immigration, as I said last night and have said continuously, is we need to fix our broken immigration system in a number of ways. We need to strengthen the border and put more resources at the border, which is why I support the bipartisan bill that Donald Trump killed that would have otherwise put 1,500 more border agents at the border, put more resources into prosecuting transnational crime, and would very importantly put more resources into stemming the flow of fentanyl, which is killing people around the country.

And when I am elected president, I will bring that bill back and I will sign it into law. I also have done the work and -- and have in my policy going forward, we'll strengthen what we need to do to deal with, for example, illegal entries between ports of entry. That is something that we need to tighten up.

I will do the work also about ensuring that we pass comprehensive immigration reform in a way that we allow hardworking people who have earned citizenship a path to actually be able to gain citizenship because they have earned it. And that includes everyone from our farm -- farmworkers to Dreamers.

Once again.

I am running for president of the United States. I will be traveling to three states today to do what I have been doing throughout, which is talking with the American people about the fact that, first of all, I get it in terms of the concerns they have about challenges like the price of groceries. Second, my highest priority is to address that and to lift them up around their ambitions, their aspirations, and their dreams, which is why I have a very specific and detailed plan about strengthening our economy.

Leading economists have reviewed my plan and indicated it will strengthen the economy, and that Donald Trump's plan will weaken the economy. So, I'm going to be spending full time, as I've been, talking with the American people, whoever they voted for last time. And as I have said and will repeat over and over again, I am sincere in what I mean.

When elected president of the United States, I will represent all Americans, including those who don't vote for me --

And address their needs and their desires.