Well, about last night, so Donald Trump, I found it to be quite bizarre, actually. He called himself the father of IVF. And if what he meant is taking responsibility, well, then, yeah, he should take responsibility for the fact that 1 in 3 women in America lives in a Trump abortion ban state. What he should take responsibility for is that couples who are praying and hoping and working toward growing a family have -- have been so disappointed and harmed by the fact that IVF treatments have now been put at risk.

What he should take responsibility for is what we have been saying across the country since he hand-selected three members of the United States Supreme Court, and they undid the protections of Roe v. Wade. What he should take responsibility for is that he's been trying to take away protections against preexisting conditions for, for example, women who are survivors of breast cancer.

So, let's not be distracted by his choice of words. The reality is his actions have been very harmful to women and families in America on this issue.

Let me first say that I'm very proud to have the support of former President Barack Obama. And I think that the important point that I would make over and over again is I don't assume to have the votes of any demographic locked down. I have to earn their vote, and I'm going to work as I've been to earn that vote and to win on November 5th.

Once again.

Well, I'm going to say what I have said publicly and will say many times based on my observations and, I think, the observations of many. Donald Trump is increasingly unstable. And as has been said by the people who have worked closely with him even when he was president, he's unfit to be president of the United States.

I've issued my statement about that. Yeah.

I don't believe that's what the letter said.

We'll take it one step at a time, if necessary.

Well, let me restate the point I've made many times, I believe in the One China policy, and I believe that there -- and that Taiwan has a right to defend itself.

I have not voted yet, and I've actually not read it yet. But I'll let you know. Thank you.